<doc id="5919054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919054" title="Samuel Rahbar">
Samuel Rahbar

Samuel Rahbar (born May 12, 1929 - November 10, 2012) was an Iranian born scientist who discovered the linkage between diabetes and HbA1C, a form of hemoglobin used primarily to identify plasma glucose concentration over time.
Rahbar was born into a Jewish family in the Iranian city of Hamedan in 1929. He obtained his MD degree from the University of Tehran in 1953 and a PhD degree in immunology from the same university in 1963.
From 1952 to 1960 Rahbar pursued mainly clinical activities in Abadan and Tehran, returning to academic life as a postdoctoral fellow in 1959. After earning his PhD, he was promoted to Assistant Professor in 1963 and to Associate Professor in 1965 in the Department of Immunology.
Rahbar spent 1968-1969 as a visiting scientist at the Department of Medicine of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York, where he collaborated with Helen M. Ranney. After his return to Tehran, Rahbar was promoted to full professor in 1970 and to director of the Department of Applied Biology in the University of Tehran Medical School in Tehran. 
1979 Rahbar became a researcher and professor of diabetes in the Department of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Metabolism at the City of Hope in Duarte, California (in Los Angeles County).
In 2012, the American Diabetes Association (ADA) bestowed a special, one-time National Scientific Achievement Award on Rahbar in recognition of his discovery of HbA1c as a marker of glycemic status in persons with diabetes. The award is named after the awardee and is called the Samuel Rahbar Outstanding Discovery Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5919061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919061" title="Mick Inkpen">
Mick Inkpen

Mick Inkpen is an author and illustrator of children's books best known for his creations Kipper the Dog and Wibbly Pig.
Background.
Inkpen was born in Romford, Essex, England in 1952, and educated at Royal Liberty School in Gidea Park. He is a friend of Nick Butterworth, who also grew up in Romford, and they collaborated on the 1990 "Wonderful Earth".
Awards.
Mick has won numerous awards worldwide including The British Book Award for "Lullabyhullabaloo" and "Penguin Small", The Children's Book Award for "Threadbear", The Parents and Munch Bunch Play and Learn Award and The Right Start Petit Filous Best Toy Award for "Where, Oh Where is Kipper's Bear?". He received the Children's Book Award for the 1991 work "Threadbear" . Kipper won a BAFTA for best animated children's film in 1998, and Kipper's A to Z won the silver medal in the 2001 Smarties Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="5919062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919062" title="Aechmea">
Aechmea

Aechmea is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The name comes from the Greek “aichme” (a spear). "Aechmea" has 8 subgenera and 255 species distributed from Mexico through South America. Most of the species in this genus are epiphytes.

</doc>
<doc id="5919063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919063" title="José Streel">
José Streel

Lucien Alphonse Joseph Streel (commonly known as José Streel) (1911 in Seraing - 1946 in Sint-Gillis) was a Belgian journalist and supporter of Rexism.
Background and political activities.
From a Catholic background, Streel became an associate of Léon Degrelle after meeting him in 1930. His 1932 work, "Les Jeunes Gens et la Politique", underlined his distaste for the modern world and soon Streel had been appointed editor-in-chief of all the Rexist publications. 
He had reservations about Nazism due to his strong Catholic faith, although he was ultimately reconciled to collaboration.
Differences with Degrelle.
A strong advocate of Belgian independence, he called for joint action between the Rexists and the Flemish National Union but when Degrelle rejected this policy he resigned from Rex in 1943.
Exile and death.
He eventually fled to Germany in 1944, although he took no political role here and instead worked in a factory. He returned to Belgium after the war and surrendered to the authorities. Having already been sentenced to death "in absentia" he was executed by a firing squad on 21 February 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5919086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919086" title="ARGE-SH">
ARGE-SH

ARGE-SH - Institute for Sustainable Constructions in Germany is publishing specialised books on building-constructions and house-building since 1947.
Founded 1946 as a Research-Institute for Cob-buildings and group-organized and subsidized self-help-constructions of home-buildings in Kiel, Germany. (Schleswig-Holstein)
ARGE-SH is an official Institute for Rationalization of housebuilding in Germany accreditet by the Ministry of Interiour of Schleswig-Holstein since 1972.
The main tasks are Consulting and research on sustainable and innovative constructions and building materials and the education and training of engineers, architects and companies of the building sector.
One of the current national projects is the "Innovative Technologies of" Thermal insulation
"Network", in international projects for example ARGE-SH is partner of the "BEEN-Project" (Baltic Energy Efficiency Network [http://www.been-online.net]).

</doc>
<doc id="5919090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919090" title="Tuck Langland">
Tuck Langland

Tuck Langland is a sculptor who lives in Granger, Indiana. His monument-size bronze figures are featured in hospitals, churches, private collections, museums, sculpture gardens and dozens of other places. He is perhaps best known for his two popular books, "Practical Sculpture" and "From Clay to Bronze". Langland is the former Vice President of the National Sculpture Society. In addition to a sculpture career, Langland is the creator of the Tuck Langland Collection of slides of gothic architecture in England and France, housed at Princeton University.
Tuck Langland, who made Herman B Wells statue, will create a sculpture of Ernie Pyle to be set outside of Franklin Hall at Indiana University Bloomington. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919093" title="VF-10">
VF-10

The original "Grim Reapers" were activated on June 3, 1942, as VF-10 at NAS San Diego flying the F4F Wildcat. The first commanding officer was James H. Flatley fresh from the Battle of the Coral Sea. The "Grim Reapers" deployed with USS Enterprise (CV-6) to the Southern Pacific in 1942 where they participated in the Battle of Guadalcanal. After their return to the U.S. and NAS Sand Point they transitioned to the F6F-3 Hellcat and once again deployed to the South Pacific aboard "Enterprise". During their second combat tour, VF-10 participated in operations in the Marshall Islands, Jaluit, Emirau, Western Caroline Islands, Hollandia, Truk Lagoon and the Battle of the Philippine Sea (Marianas Turkey Shoot). 
The squadron returned to the States, transitioning to the F4U Corsair in January 1945 at NAS Atlantic City. VF-10 returned to the Pacific and took part in strikes against Ryukyu Islands, Kyūshū, Okinawa and the Wake Island. Finally, VF-10 returned to NAS Alameda where it was deactivated in November 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5919096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919096" title="Shattuck">
Shattuck

Shattuck can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919099" title="Bishop's Hill Wood">
Bishop's Hill Wood

Bishop's Hill Wood () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in England. It lies just to the east of the village of Wickwar, South Gloucestershire and was notified in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5919101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919101" title="Bodkin Hazel Wood">
Bodkin Hazel Wood

Bodkin Hazel Wood () is a 10.62 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), just south of the village of Hawkesbury Upton in South Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
Biological interest.
The site has a diverse ground flora. In addition to common species such as Dog's mercury ("Mercurialis perennis"), Primrose ("Primula vulgaris"), Bluebell ("Hyacinthoides non-scripta"), Wood Anemone ("Anemone nemorosa"), Wood sorrel ("Oxalis acetosella") and Ramsons ("Allium ursinum"), a number of scarce species are present. These include Cow-wheat ("Melampyrum pratense"), Herb Paris ("Paris quadrifolia"), Toothwort ("Lathraea squamaria"), Autumn crocus ("Colchicum autumnale"), Lily-of-the-valley ("Convallaria majalis") and Yellow Star-of-Bethlehem ("Gagea lutea").

</doc>
<doc id="5919102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919102" title="Brown's Folly">
Brown's Folly

Brown's Folly () is a 39.9 hectare biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Bathford in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1974. Also known as Farleigh (or Farly) Down Stone Quarry, it is operated as a nature reserve by the Avon Wildlife Trust (AWT). The site is named after a folly tower of the same name. It was built in 1848 and has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
Brown's Folly is situated on steep west-facing slopes which overlook the River Avon. The calcareous soils have developed on Lower Lias clays, fuller's earth and oolitic limestone strata of Jurassic age. The local geology is of major importance in the context of the British Bathonian stratigraphy.
The site includes the remains of quarries used for the extraction of Bath Stone. These provide a rich variety of wildlife habitats. Downland flora has covered the spoilheaps where wild thyme, harebell and nine species of orchid (including the rare Fly Orchid) are found. Yellow Bird's-nest occurs here. The damp cliff faces support a variety of ferns, fungi and spiders. Pockets of ancient woodland on the lower slopes are home to woodpeckers, and unusual plants such as Bath asparagus.
Old quarries.
The old underground quarries are used for roosting by the Greater Horseshoe Bat, and five other bat species are present at the site. The main bat roost area is clearly marked on the survey created by the SMCC, and everyone is asked to avoid the area. Boris, the oldest Greater Horseshoe Bat ever recorded in Britain, was discovered at Brown's Folly in January 2000. The underground workings themselves are of great speleological and historical interest. They are extremely well decorated and contain many delicate stalactites and examples of gull formation (caves features formed by land slippage). The quarry workings provided stone for the façade of Buckingham palace.
Access.
In 2000, access was unilaterally withdrawn by the Avon Wildlife Trust pending the results of a mine inspector's report on the safety of the mines. This report was required because of the Health and Safety at Work Act which affects employees and volunteers of Avon Wildlife Trust who might have to enter the mine to count the bats. These legal requirements do not affect leisure access by cavers. Prior to 2000, access to the mine was controlled by the Council of Southern Caving Clubs and cavers coexisted with a thriving bat population with voluntary restrictions on the access during the bat roosting season. There is no evidence of caving activity adversely affecting the bat population. Other locations such as Box Freestone quarry have seen rising bat populations despite becoming very popular.
Conservation.
Despite the AWT the old quarry is maintained by cavers and mine explorers who remove graffiti and litter as well as repairing damage and naturally-occurring falls to keep passages open and relatively safe.

</doc>
<doc id="5919104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919104" title="Cleaves Wood">
Cleaves Wood

Cleaves Wood () is a 40.38 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Wellow in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1988.
Cleaves Wood is an ancient, semi-natural deciduous woodland on Oolitic Limestone. It has a high diversity of tree and shrub species and a large population of the nationally scarce plant Spiked Star-of-Bethlehem "(Ornithogalum pyrenaicum)". There are also areas of grassland which is lightly grazed by rabbits and is a mosaic of close grazed and rough swards, and wetter areas.
The scarce plants found here include the Fly Orchid and Wild Daffodil.
The habitat diversity of the site has resulted in a rich invertebrate fauna, including two nationally rare insects: the
beetle "Osphya bipunctata" and the hoverfly "Cheilosia nigripes". Twenty-seven butterflies have been recorded from the site including the nationally scarce species, Duke of Burgundy Fritillary "(Hamearis lucina)". The nationally scarce moth, blomers rivulet "(Discoloxia blomeri)" has also been recorded on the site. Other nationally scarce species include the snail Ena montana, the hoverfly "Xanthogramma citrotasciatum", and a number of beetle species.

</doc>
<doc id="5919105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919105" title="Cleeve Wood, Hanham">
Cleeve Wood, Hanham

Cleeve Wood, Hanham is a () is an 8.9 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in South Gloucestershire, notified in 1966.
Cleeve Wood is situated on the steep south facing slopes of the River Avon valley
near to the City of Bristol.
The primary scientific interest of the wood is the particularly large population of Bath Asparagus ("Ornithogalum pyrenaicum") which it supports. The Bath Asparagus in Cleeve Wood represents what is considered to be the largest and most stable population of this plant in this its centre of distribution.
The wood is derived from the calcareous Ash-Wych Elm (southern variant) type but has been much planted with non-native species mainly Beech ("Fagus sylvatica") and Sycamore ("Acer pseudoplatanus") but with some Horse Chestnut ("Aesculus hippocastanum") and Cypress trees "Cupressus". In the more natural areas of the wood Ash ("Fraxinus excelsior") is dominant with occasional Pedunculate Oak ("Quercus robur") standards. In such places the shrub layer is dominated by Field Maple ("Acer campestre"), Hawthorn ("Crataegus monogyna"), Elder ("Sambucus nigra"), Hazel ("Corylus avellana") and young Wych Elm ("Ulmus glabra").
The field layer in many areas is dominated by Ivy ("Hedera helix"), especially on the
disturbed slopes. Other common ground flora includes Dog's Mercury ("Mercurialis perennis"), Bluebell ("Hyacinthoides non-scripta"), Stinking Iris ("Iris foetidissima"), Traveller's Joy ("Clematis vitalba") and Slender False Brome ("Brachypodium sylvaticum").

</doc>
<doc id="5919112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919112" title="Kennisis Lake">
Kennisis Lake

Kennisis Lake is the largest lake in the Haliburton Highlands with a surface area of over 1,640 ha in the area of Ontario just south west of Algonquin Provincial Park. From end to end, the lake is approximately 23 kilometres long. There is a smaller counterpart, named Little Kennisis Lake.
The lakes shoreline lots are almost entirely privately owned, with the newest residences and summer homes being built on the western shore accessible by West Shore Drive. Kennisis Lake is bordered by Haliburton Forest on the north and east, nearby Algonquin Provincial Park to the north, and also a third tract land to the west which is a 24,000 hectare tract of Crown land referred to as the Frost Center Area, after Leslie M. Frost. The lake is accessible through the town of West Guilford on County Road 7, Kennisis Lake Road.
History.
Origins and Ownership.
Big and Little Lake Kennisis lie in the geographical Township of Havelock and the Municipality of Dysart in Haliburton County, Central Ontario, Canada. The Township of Havelock was named after British general Sir Henry Havelock after his success in relieving the city Lucknow during the 1857 Mutiny in India. Lake Kennisis itself was originally named Lake Alexandra by the Canadian Land and Emigration Company (C.L. & E.C.) to honor Alexandra, Princess of Wales. The name was also an attempt by the company directors of London to make the area more appealing to British settlers, but the names didn’t remain for long. 
In 1859, the Crown Land Department of the Province of Canada offered the ten townships of the area for sale with the hope that private enterprise would be enable them to be open to settlement. Sir Francis Bond Head, former Governor of Upper Canada, had interested potential investors in England, and was expected to be chairman of the C.L. & E.C., which was incorporated in London in 1861. Yet, Thomas Chandler Haliburton, reputable author, lawyer, justice of the Nova Scotia Supreme Court, and Member of the British Parliament, took Head’s place after he turned down the position. After negotiation between the company and the Province of Canada in 1864, the C.L. & E.C. gained ownership of the ten townships. Haliburton’s name was given to the settlement in Dysart Township that same year and to the county in 1874 when three townships from Victoria Country and twenty from Peterborough County were joined to create the Provisional County of Haliburton.
Settlement.
The settlement on Lake Kennisis consisted of hard granite that was ill suited for cultivation, causing few to stay as permanent residents. In addition to the agricultural difficulties brought upon by the land was the lack of proper roads for access to the townships in the area. Although the Bobcaygeon Road, which ran near Minden, and Peterson Road, which ran east from the village of Muskoka Falls near Bracebridge, were available for travel, both road were virtually impassable much of year in the early days. By the 1930s, a deal was made by the C.L. & C.E. to have another road constructed from Haliburton Village to Eagle Lake and Redstone. However, it was not until the completion of the road from West Guilford in the 1940s that the area was able to become a vacation property that attracted many people. Later in 1964, the Department of Highways map showed a road along the southern shore of Lake Kennisis and on the northern shore to the Narrow between Big and Little Kennisis. By the first decade of the 21st century, a large number of cottages along the two lakes were built as roads improves and dependable snow clearing made it possible for retirees to live in comfort and security all year long.
Kennisis Lake Cottage Owner’s Association (KLCOA).
The Kennisis Lake Cottage Owner’s Association (KLCOA) is a non-profit organization that is committed to contribute and provide the best services to its members, cottagers, and its visitors. The organization sponsors and conducts many activities for cottagers of all ages during the summer. KLCOA does not operate on a loan, mortgage or any other kind of debt to run its affairs.
Events conducted by KLCOA.
Events and contests that are held by KLOCA every summer include:
Celebrations are held for holidays such as Halloween, Valentine’s Day, Canada Day. All the members, cottagers, and visitors gather together and participate in various activities, barbecues, and firework shows at night time.
The Association.
The Association itself consists of Executive Community members such as a President, Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and Directors. Each member has a role and duty assigned by the Board that contributes to the Association and the cottagers. 
The Board conducts meetings during each season to discuss the Association and the events to be held during the summer or for any other occasions. During these meetings, the Board makes decisions about how to improve or solve any problems at the Kennisis Lake Cottage. 
The KLCOA only consists of people who pay an annual fee in order to be a member. The membership fee is $30 before July 1 and $35 after July 1.
Norah’s Island.
Norah's Island is the largest island in Kennisis Lake (22 archers and 1000 meters from the nearest shoreline). The island was named after Norah Carruthers, the late wife of Bruce Carruthers, who owned the island for 32 years. Bruce Carruthers donated the island to the Haliburton Highlands Land Trust in the summer of 2007. Since then, many members of the KLCOA have donated money to the Land Trust's Endowment Fund to maintain the cost of preserving the natural habitat of the island. Norah’s island has been deemed a lasting piece of land representing the true ecosystem of Kennisis Lake. The island ecosystem consists of native trees that surround the lake as well as many rare, native species of orchids. The natural habitat of the island is protected, prohibiting development and allowing access to all of the cottagers to enjoy. The Norah's Island Committee of the Haliburton Highlands Land Trust is in the process of developing a plaque to acknowledge the donors of the Endowment Fund who donated in excess of $50,000.
Norah's Island Land Transfer.
The land transfer was initiated by Bruce Carruther and the Haliburton Highlands Land Trust under Environment Canada's Ecological Gifts Program as the Island is ecologically sensitive. The donation of Norah’s Island from Bruce Carruthers, in memoriam of his late wife Norah, took place in 2007. Ribbons were tied to symbolize the uniting of the Halliburton Highlands Land Trust, and the Kennisis Lake Cottage Association. On the day of the land transfer, members of the KLCOA and their families gathered on the island to celebrate the day.
Activities.
Skiing.
The Kennisis ski trails are maintained by residents of the lake. Measuring 10 kilometer in length, the ski trails reopened off the west shores of Kennisis Lake (in what is known as the ‘Clear Lake Conservation Area’). With access on West Shore Road, the trails map around west of Kennisis down to the south of Red Pine Lake.
Fishing.
There are two public access points to Kennisis Lake. One access point nears the southeast shore of the lake, while the other access point is close to the Kennisis Dam. The availability of access opens the public to the opportunity of fishing on the lake. Kennisis has been stocked with thousands of lake trout since 1925. At all depths, the lake is well oxygenated all year round. This contributed to the optimal conditions for growth and naturalized reproducing of the trout population. Despite a lack of breeding sites being documented, natural reproduction is evident with reported fair catches of unmarked lake trout. 
Additionally, the common white sucker, longnose sucker, yellow perch, brown bullhead, smallmouth bass, rock bass, and a wide variety of minnow species stocked the rest of the lake’s fish population.
Tree Planting.
The tree and shrub planting program was recently established in 2009. This program offers Kennisis members the chance to rehabilitate open or harvested areas, control erosion, create windbreaks, naturalize shorelines, or create wildlife surroundings. For this program, the KLCOA offers two classifications of trees (coniferous trees and deciduous trees) and two classifications of shrubs (shoreline shrubs and upland shrubs). Kennisis members have the option of ordering the tree or shrub of their choosing.
The coniferous trees the KLCOA include white pine (that grows 30–45 cm tall), white spruce (30–45 cm tall), and balsam fir (20–35 cm tall). The deciduous trees consist of red oak (60–90 cm tall), white birch (45–60 cm tall), and sugar maple (60–90 cm tall). The program also provides shoreline shrubs such as red osier dogwood (60–90 cm) and upland shrubs including staghorn sumas (30–45 cm tall). 
Maintenance of the planted trees and shrubs involve the controlling of weeds or other competing species around the young plants and provide adequate watering in the event of summer drought conditions to help the plants establish.
Sailing.
The Ontario Sailing Association (OSA) runs a BOOM Sailing Program at Kennisis Lake during the summer. The program offers Kennisis resident members and non-members five days of lessons. This program includes in-water and in-class sessions teaching Kennisis members how to sail on the lake. The Ontario Sailing Association provides professional instructors tending to a limited class of sixteen students. The OSA also supplies instructional boats, teaching aids and lifejackets for all the participants. Although the summer program targets children ages nine to fifteen, the OSA offers an adult “learn to sail” program with a more limited number of participants.
Swimming.
Swimming lessons are held at Kennisis Lake Marina every summer for six weeks. These lessons are available for both members and non-members. To be eligible for a badge, Kennisis’ swimming students must attend at least two weeks of lessons. However this does not imply that the participant will pass the level.
Regatta.
The annual Regatta is an all-day event that brings residents together to participate in games and activities. A marathon swim, horseshoe tournament, battleship golf, mini putt, Frisbee, morning swim races, water balloon toss, bubblegum blowing contest, afternoon boat races, egg tosses, log rolling contests, and more activities fill the day. Most of the activities compete for prizes, typically trophies named after generous donors. The major events include:
Marathon swim.
All participants must be accompanied by a boat as they swim from the island to the Marina Property.
Morning swim.
With the exception of boys six years old and under falling under one category, KLCOA categorizes boys in their own age together. The all the boys compete against other boys approximately their own. Similar to the boys morning swim competition, girls compete against other girls in their same age groups. In the morning swims that include girls and boys as one category have a wider ranged age group (for example, fourteen years and under, twelve and under, twelve and over, thirteen and over). For most of these gender integrated races, the participants are competing individually. The exception for these single races is the T-shirt relay. The relay allows four members per group. 
The adults (starting from age seventeen and over) have age groups, but are more extensive than the children’s age groups. Men have two age groups. One age group varies from ages seventeen to twenty-nine; the other, thirty year old and over. Kennisis also has an all-star swim race for the men. Women age groups are similar, but their younger age group starts at age nineteen. The women can also compete in their own all-star swim competition. The time when women can swim against men is in the age group of fifty-five and over for the Remax Cup.
Afternoon boat races.
After the midday activities of water balloon tosses and bubble gum blowing contests, boat races load the afternoon with friendly competition. The usual boat races at Kennisis include: 
Water Quality.
Kennisis Lake is located within the Canadian Shield, so it is among deep lakes containing few minerals. This is because of the erosion of granite in the lakes doesn’t happen as much as it would elsewhere. There have been observations of a lack in clarity of the water, but this isn`t due to mineral or chemical buildup. The average measurement of phosphorus in the lake water is around 7 µg/L. However, deposits of dissolved organic carbon may affect the clarity of the water due to the lake acting as a watershed to nearby wetlands. Increased rainfall can cause sediment to get into the lake, also decreasing clarity. That being said, though, it is only a slight issue and is not a major problem to the water itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5919113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919113" title="Combe Down and Bathampton Down Mines">
Combe Down and Bathampton Down Mines

Combe Down and Bathampton Down Quarries () make up a 6.22 hectare (15.37 acre) Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1991 because of the Greater and Lesser Horseshoe bat population.
The disused quarries dates from the 17th and 18th Century and were used to extract Bath stone for the city of Bath and elsewhere in the UK.
A five-year project to stabilise the quarry workings was largely completed by November 2009.
Geology.
Combe Down forms a plateau capped by Great Oolite limestones between the valley of the River Avon and Horsecombe Vale. The geology of the region is dominated by rocks of Middle and Early Jurassic ages. The Great Oolite is the uppermost lithology. This is underlain by the clays of the Fuller’s Earth Formation, which in turn is underlain by limestones of the Inferior Oolite and the Midford Sands of the Lias. The Great and Inferior Oolite formations provide effective aquifers (rock in which water can be stored and pass through) for public and private water supplies.
History.
The Great Oolite stone, used for building purposes, formed over 146 million years ago when the area was underneath a deep tropical sea on which ooliths were deposited. The ooliths bonded together to form the distinctive rock known as oolitic limestone or locally as ‘Bath stone’. The Romans found that it was easily worked and used it for important fortifications. During the 17th Century, small quarries were opened, with major quarries being developed in the 18th Century to produce the Bath stone used for many of the buildings in Bath and elsewhere in the UK, including Buckingham Palace. Stone was extracted by the "room and pillar" method, by which chambers were mined, leaving pillars of stone to support the roof. These mines were once owned by Postmaster General Ralph Allen (1694-1764).
The mines contain a range of features including well preserved tramways, cart-roads and crane bases. The walls and pillars are studded with pick and tool marks and show evidence of the use of huge stone saws, all of which bear testimony to the variety of techniques used to extract the stone over the mine's three hundred year history.
No mine abandonment plans — either of the tunnels or the caverns, known as voids — were made prior to the 1872 Mining Act.
During 1989 a utilities contractor unexpectedly broke through into part of the mine complex whilst excavating a trench, which resulted in Bath City Council commissioning studies to survey the condition of the mines. It was clear that the mines were in very unstable and some experts considered them to be the largest, shallowest and most unstable of their kind in Europe.
Mine and environmental survey.
An underground survey of the Firs and Byfield mine areas was carried out in 1994, commissioned by the then Bath City Council. It was found that approximately 80% of the mines had less than 6 m cover and as little as 2 m in some places. Irregular mining and robbing stone from supporting pillars had left the mines unstable.
During the access and emergency works Oxford Archaeology produced large scale plans of visible areas and substantial photography was carried out as the modern roadways allowed access. There were also trials of video photography and laser scanning, so that a substantial record was produced of some 20% of the known workings.
The mine also lies above a Grade 1 aquifer from which water for public and private use is extracted via the springs that issue at the base of these units, in particular at the Prior Park, Whittaker and Tucking Mill springs.
Mine stabilisation project.
In March 1999, the then Department of Environment, Transport and Regions (DETR) announced a Land Stabilisation Programme, based on the Derelict Land Act 1982. This was designed to “deal with abandoned non-coal mine workings which are likely to collapse and threaten life and property”. A Bath and North East Somerset Council outline bid for a two-phase stabilisation project was accepted in August 1999, by English Partnerships who administered the programme for the then Office of the Deputy Prime Minister. A parliamentary Statutory Instrument (2002 No. 2053) was needed before the work could be undertaken.
Approximately 760 properties were included within the planning application boundary — estimates were that ca. 1660 people lived within this area, which also included a primary school, a nursery and 3 churches.
Foamed concrete was selected as the solution for the large scale infilling of the old mine works: the single largest application of foamed concrete on a project in the UK.
The work was largely complete by November 2009, by which time approximately 600,000 cubic metres of foamed concrete had been used to fill 25 hectares of very shallow limestone mine, making it the largest project of its kind in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5919115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919115" title="Congrove Field and The Tumps">
Congrove Field and The Tumps

Congrove Field and The Tumps is a () is an 12.5 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) on Lansdown Hill, north of Bath in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1991.
It is an area of calcareous grassland lying over Oolitic (Jurassic) Limestone covered by shallow, well-drained soils. The Tumps is above Congrove Field, and is believed to be the site of mining activities in the past. The grassland communities present are of the Tor-grass "(Brachypodium pinnatum)" type showing elements of both the Meadow Oat-grass-wild thyme "(Avenula pratensis)"–"(Thymus praecox)" and the Knapweed-Rough Hawkbit "(Centaurea nigra)"–"(Leontodon hispidus)" variants.

</doc>
<doc id="5919117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919117" title="Goblin Combe">
Goblin Combe

Goblin Combe is a valley in North Somerset which stretches from Redhill, near Bristol International Airport on the A38 through to Cleeve on the A370. The combe is located at (), and is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) originally notified in 1999, with being managed as a nature reserve by the Avon Wildlife Trust. "Combe" is the same as the Welsh word "cwm" which means valley.
Above the valley is Cleeve Toot an Iron Age hillfort. It is a roughly oval settlement which is approximately in length by in breadth. Approximately to the north is another, smaller settlement. They are thought to have been a satellite community of nearby Cadbury Hill Pits have been found at the site indicating the presence of round houses. There is a single stone rampart with a broad shallow outer ditch. There is also a prehistoric or Roman field system.
Folk tale.
Goblin Combe has a folk tale involving primroses:
“There was a parcel of children and they was a-picking primroses, see, and one poor little dear her wandered away on her lone self right down into Goblin Combe. She were only a little trot, see, and didn't know no better. Well, when she do find she's a lost she cries, and the tears do run down her dear little face, and dap on her pinafore like summer rain, and she do throw her self against a rock. Then the rock opens and there's the fairies all come to comfort her tears. They do give her a gold ball and they lead the dear little soul safe home – on account she was carrying primroses, see.
Well, twas the wonder of the village and the conjuror he gets the notion he'd aget his fists on more than one gold ball when next the fairies opened the hill. So he do pick a bunch of primroses and he go on up Goblin Combe, and he was glad enough to get in to the rock after all he see and hear on the way up. Well, twasn't the right day, nor the right number of primroses, and he wasn't no dear little soul – so they took him!“
Flora and fauna.
A population of the nationally scarce plant Stinking Hellebore ("Helleborus foetidus") grows on scree slopes in the combe, near Cleeve Toot; it is native at this site. Limestone Fern ("Gymnocarpum robertianum"), another nationally scarce plant, is also found here on limestone scree. Other flowers include the Autumn Gentian, Autumn Ladies'-tresses and Yellow-wort. The site also supports a varied collection of butterflies, with over 30 species recorded. These include Grizzled and Dingy Skippers, Brown Argus and Green Hairstreak.
Goblin Combe Environment Centre.
Goblin Combe Environment Centre is a registered charity (No 1099543) which provides educational training and residential facilities for visiting groups. It is located within a large expanse of woodland ridges at the start of Goblin Combe. The centre's aim is to provide a wide range of environmental education to all ages and all sectors of the community. It uses the woods to provide a teaching space in a 'classroom without walls', and a dynamic learning environment for natural history.

</doc>
<doc id="5919118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919118" title="Dolebury Warren">
Dolebury Warren

Dolebury Warren () is a 90.6 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the villages of Churchill and Rowberrow in North Somerset, notified in 1952. It is owned by the National Trust, who acquired the freehold in 1983 and managed by the Avon Wildlife Trust.
There is evidence of occupation of the site during the Iron Age and as a medieval/post medieval rabbit warren.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated "forts provided defensive possibilities for the community at those times when the stress an increasing population burst out into open warfare. But I wouldn't see them as having been built because there was a state of war. They would be functional as defensive strongholds when there were tensions and undoubtedly some of them were attacked and destroyed, but this was not the only, or even the most significant, factor in their construction".
Construction.
There is evidence of occupation of the site during the Iron Age, which has been designated as a Scheduled Ancient Monument (No: 194279).
The defences and Celtic field systems at Dolebury date back to the 4th century-3rd century BCE, though they might mask earlier developments. The rectangular fort commands views over the surrounding countryside. It was protected by a limestone rampart with a ditch and counterscarp on all sides but the South. There is an inturned entrance on the West and an annexe of 0.4ha protecting the easier Eastern approach. Finds include Iron-age and Romano-British materials.
In addition to the remains of double ramparts of an Iron Age hill fort still being visible there is also evidence of a medieval rabbit warren.
Medieval.
Dolebury Warren is a very good example of a medieval/post medieval rabbit warren which was used to breed rabbits, providing valuable meat and fur. The warren is completely enclosed by the substantial ramparts of the Iron Age hillfort, Dolebury Camp. Many warrens were surrounded by banks or walls to prevent the rabbits from escaping; escaped rabbits caused damage to nearby farmland and meant a loss in profit. Reusing the hillforts defences as a boundary provided an ideal location in which to breed rabbits.
Ecology.
Scarce plants found at the warren include Knotted Pearlwort and Slender Bedstraw.

</doc>
<doc id="5919119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919119" title="Ham Green SSSI">
Ham Green SSSI

Ham Green SSSI () is a 1.1 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Ham Green, North Somerset, notified in 1990.
This is a Geological Conservation Review site.
The site shows a section through red-brown, gritty, stony silts, with abundant Greensand chert Pleistocene sediments. These deposits appear to be heavily-cryoturbated terrace gravels of presumed fluvial origin, although a fluvio-glacial origin has also been suggested.
A number of Acheulian handaxes have been found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5919121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919121" title="Hampton Rocks Cutting">
Hampton Rocks Cutting

Hampton Rocks Cutting () is a 1.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Bathampton, Somerset, notified in 1990.
The site is listed in the Geological Conservation Review, for its exposure of Pleistocene rocks made up of coarse fluvial gravels showing scour-and-fill structures and planar bedding. Their sedimentology gives a clear indication that the deposits were laid down under 'cold-stage' conditions, probably during the Devensian glacial period.

</doc>
<doc id="5919122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919122" title="Hawkesbury Meadow">
Hawkesbury Meadow

Hawkesbury Meadow () is a 3.3 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in South Gloucestershire, notified in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5919124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919124" title="Hawkesbury Quarry">
Hawkesbury Quarry

Hawkesbury Quarry () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Hawkesbury Upton, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1967.
The site is notable for containing both the oolitic limestone of the northern Cotswolds, and the fossil-bearing limestone found further south.

</doc>
<doc id="5919125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919125" title="Hinton Charterhouse Field">
Hinton Charterhouse Field

Hinton Charterhouse Field () is a 0.32 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Hinton Charterhouse in Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1991.
The site is situated on a west-facing slope of a shallow valley of the Cotswolds to the south of Bath and is underlain by Oolitic Limestone. The sward contains a population of the nationally rare Field Eryngo "(Eryngium campestre)".

</doc>
<doc id="5919126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919126" title="Guglielmo Ratcliff">
Guglielmo Ratcliff

Guglielmo Ratcliff is a tragic opera in four acts by Pietro Mascagni to an Italian libretto by Andrea Maffei, translated from the German play "Wilhelm Ratcliff" (1822) by Heinrich Heine. Mascagni had substantially finished the composition of "Ratcliff" before the phenomenal success of his first opera, "Cavalleria rusticana." After the composition and performance of further operas "L'amico Fritz" in 1891 and "I Rantzau" in 1893, "Ratcliff" eventually premiered on 16 February 1895 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan and has been revived a number of times since, most recently in a concert performance on November 25, 2003 at the Alice Tully Hall in New York conducted by Alfredo Silipigni. Mascagni often wrote that "Ratcliff" was his best opera. However, it has not entered the standard operatic repertoire, in part because the title role is one of the most taxing tenor parts ever written. It is especially known for its Act III "Intermezzo", which features prominently in the Martin Scorsese film "Raging Bull". (Heine's play was also used as the basis for César Cui's 1869 opera of the same name and for Volkmar Andreae's 1914 opera "Ratcliff".) 
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Count Douglas, Maria's betrothed, arrives at the Castle of Maria and her father MacGregor. He tells them how he was attacked by bandits near the castle but saved by an unknown knight. Maria faints, and then recovers. MacGregor tells Douglas about Gugliemo Ratcliff, whom Maria had rejected as a suitor. Ratcliff's revenge was to challenge her next two suitors to duels in which he killed them. Count Douglas then receives a message from Ratcliff delivered by his friend Lesley challenging him to a similar duel at Black Rock.
Act 2.
In an inn frequented by thieves and swindlers, the innkeeper Tom, is holding his son, Willie on his knees. When he asks the child to recite the "Pater Noster", he repeatedly stumbles on the line "And lead us not into temptation". Tom grows increasingly angry with the boy, tells him that he will end up like the clientele of the inn, and eventually sends him from the room. Ratcliff then tells Lesley, how Maria's rejection of him led to his compulsion to kill any man who succeeded in winning her love. Ratcliff is disturbed by the appearance of strange figures who, unbeknownst to him, are the ghosts of Maria's dead suitors.
Act 3.
Douglas arrives at Black Rock for his duel with Ratcliff. The two strange figures who have been following Ratlcliff briefly appear and then disappear. When Ratcliff arrives, Douglas realises that he is the knight who had saved him from the bandits, and when he gets the better of Ratcliff in the duel refuses to kill kim. Ratcliff is left lying on the ground where he is again visited by the ghostly figures. 
Act 4.
In her room, Maria is preparing for her wedding to Douglas. Her nurse, Margherita, tells Maria the story of her mother Elisa's death. Before she married MacGregor, Elisa had been in love with Edward, Guglielmo Ratcliff's father, but both married others. Edward and Elisa later realised their mistake and became lovers. When MacGregor found out, he murdered Edward, and Elisa died from grief. Gugliemo Ratcliff then bursts into Maria's room covered in blood from his unsuccessful duel with Douglas and begs Maria to run away with him. With her mother's story still on her mind and thinking that she might be making the same mistake, Maria at first feels pity for Guglielmo, but then asks him to leave. Her refusal drives Guglielmo mad. He kills both Maria and her father who rushes into the room after hearing her calls for help. Ratcliff then commits suicide. The opera ends with his dying words "O Maria, vengo a te! Son qui, soave Maria!" ("Oh Maria, I'm coming to you. I'm here my sweet Maria!")
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5919128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919128" title="KDAO">
KDAO

KDAO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919141" title="Vyacheslav Vedenin">
Vyacheslav Vedenin

Vyacheslav Petrovitch Vedenin (; born October 1, 1941 in the village of Sloboda, Dubensky District, Tula Oblast) is a Soviet former cross country skier who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, training at Dynamo in Moscow.
He won the 50 km silver at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble. Vedenin was the USSR Olympic Team Flag Bearer at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo and won three medals there with golds in the 30 km and 4x10 km, and a bronze in the 50 km. In the 4x10 km event Vedenin, starting on the last of four stages, eliminated team's one-minute lag from Norway, a unique achievement in history of this discipline. Vedenin's gold in the 30 km was the first individual win for a Soviet/Russian male skier in the Winter Olympics.
He also won three medals at the 1970 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with two golds (30 km, 4x10 km) and one silver (50 km).
Vedenin was awarded Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1970) and Order of Lenin (1972).
Since 1989 a competition "Vedenin's Ski Track" () is held yearly in Dubna, Dubensky District, in his honor. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919146" title="Hinton Charterhouse Pit">
Hinton Charterhouse Pit

Hinton Charterhouse Pit () is a 0.4 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Hinton Charterhouse, Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1971.
The Hinton Sands, where a sparse bivalve fauna has been found, is an unusual sandy facies developed in the middle of the Forest Marble Jurassic Formation. This rock unit has strong associations with William Smith, who used the name Hinton Sands for the facies early in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5919147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919147" title="Hinton Hill, Wellow">
Hinton Hill, Wellow

Hinton Hill, Wellow () is a 0.25 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Wellow in Somerset, notified in 1996.
The site is of importance to studies of the stratigraphy of the Middle Jurassic of the Bath district, and the British Bathonian as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="5919174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919174" title="Zachary Taylor House">
Zachary Taylor House

The Zachary Taylor House, also known as Springfield, was the boyhood home of the twelfth President of the United States, Zachary Taylor. Located in Louisville, Kentucky, Taylor lived there from 1790 to 1808, held his marriage there in 1810, and returned there periodically the rest of his life.
History.
Zachary Taylor's father, Colonel Richard Taylor, purchased a farm on the Muddy Fork of Beargrass Creek in 1785, while Zachary was eight months old. They initially lived in a log cabin on the property, but within the first five years Richard Taylor built a house at the highest point on his property, dubbing it "Springfield". By 1800 Richard Taylor purchased an additional three hundred acres, making his property in total. The property was adjacent to Locust Grove, the farm where George Rogers Clark lived from 1809 until his death in 1818. Before he began his military career in 1808, Zachary Taylor lived twenty years in the house. He would later return to the house to be married on June 18, 1810, and have five of his six children born in the house. In 1829 the house was sold upon Richard Taylor's death, due to debts he had acquired. After his death in 1850, Zachary Taylor was buried in the family cemetery located on the property. This later became the original section of Zachary Taylor National Cemetery.
Much of the original Taylor property remained together until the 1950s, when it was divided. Of the original , the Taylor property is only 3/4 of an acre in size.
During the Super Outbreak of tornadoes on April 3–4, 1974, Springfield suffered major wind and water damage, including the two porches and the roof being blown off.
There have been attempts to make the house a National Historic Site, but these attempts have failed due to the required demolition of surrounding buildings needed to make it a National Historic Site.
Construction.
Springfield is a -story Georgia Colonial red brick L-shaped house. The western section of the house is the oldest, built around 1790. The eastern section was built between 1810 and 1830. It features a gable roof, a double-parlor, and fireplaces in each room. It was constructed by Richard Taylors and the slaves he owned.
After the Taylors left, major additions included two Victorian porches, an altering of a staircase's direction, and the eaves improved with a bracketed cornice. Two bathrooms were added to the first floor in the 1930s.
Today, the address of the house is 5608 Apache Road, Louisville, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="5919184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919184" title="Josef Haas">
Josef Haas

Josef Haas (born 3 August 1937) is a former a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the late 1960s. He won the 50km bronze at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble. Haas was the first Swiss to earn a cross country skiing Olympic medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5919199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919199" title="Avro 730">
Avro 730

The Avro 730 was a planned Mach 3 reconnaissance aircraft and bomber for the Royal Air Force. If it had proceeded into service, the aircraft would have replaced the V bombers as the primary delivery system for Britain's nuclear deterrent. It was cancelled in 1957 along with other development on manned aircraft as part of the 1957 Defence White Paper.
Development.
During the early Cold War, the RAF bomber fleet of V bombers filled the nuclear deterrent role for Britain. The need for a very-long range supersonic strategic reconnaissance aircraft to support the V bombers both pre- and post-bombing was identified; an Operational Requirement, OR.330, for such an aircraft was identified and a specification was drawn up in 1954 for an aircraft that would be capable of entering the Soviet Union and avoiding air defenses. The aircraft envisaged would have to be capable of maintaining Mach 2.5 at 60,000 ft (18,300 m), with the ability to reach Mach 3, and operate at a maximum range of 5,754 mi (9,260 km). At that point in time, it was the most ambitious high-performance aircraft internationally to date.
There were three major submissions from the aircraft manufacturers: the Handley Page HP.100, Vickers SP4, and the Avro Type 730. All were futuristic delta or needle shapes in appearance employing multiple engines, 12 on the HP.100, 16 mounted horizontally at the rear of the Vickers. Avro were given a contract in mid-1955 to develop their submission aircraft. As an aid to development, the Bristol Type 188 aircraft was built to test the compound-delta wing shape, and later, the effects of prolonged supersonic flight on metal. Up to 10 prototypes of the aircraft were proposed, necessitated in part due to the change to incorporate a bombing capability into the aircraft. 
The first prototype was to have been designated "Avro 731", a three-eighths scale test aircraft, it had been scheduled to fly in 1959. The prototype was under construction when the minister, Duncan Sandys, announced the decision to cancel its development. It had been suspected that by the time the aircraft came into service a decade later, it would have been already vulnerable to Soviet advances in anti-aircraft missile technology. The Bristol 188 project continued despite the cancellation of the 730. Aspects and influences of the Avro 730 had encouraged studies at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough, into supersonic transport aircraft, which in turn would eventually contribute to the development effort behind Concorde.
Design.
The Avro 730 was a tail-first aircraft, an approach which greatly reduced trim-drag while increasing lift at slower speeds. The aircraft had a long, thin fuselage with a high fineness ratio; a small tapered almost-rectangular wing was mounted centrally on the fuselage. Four Armstrong-Siddeley P.156 engines were carried, two each mounted over-under in pods at the extreme tips of the wings. No conventional canopy was fitted in order to maintain the fineness ratio, the cockpit featured only two small windows facing to the side, and used a retractable periscope for viewing during take-off and landing. A crew of three would be carried: pilot, navigator and radar operator.
This initial version was intended strictly for the reconnaissance role, using its "Red Drover" sideways-looking radar to find targets for attack by the V bomber force that would follow. As development progressed it became clear that the radar would not need as big an antenna as initially believed, freeing up considerable internal room. In response, the RAF started concentrating on the secondary bombing role carrying both the radar and also including a long bomb bay for either a weapon or additional fuel. A high-speed bomber requirement was also being studied at the time, OR.336, so the two projects were combined into the new RB.156 requirement. This led to a fairly major redesign.
Although the new version looked much like the original, it was larger overall and featured a new wing planform. In order to increase wing area extra "winglettes" were added outside of the engine pods and the entire planform was re-shaped to be more of a classic delta wing. The wing inside the engine pods, about ⅔ of the overall span, was swept at about 45°, the smaller area outside was more highly swept at about 60°. The forward sweep on the trailing edge was removed. The engine pods were now specified to carry four Armstrong-Siddeley P.176 engines each, for a total of eight. The pods were circular at the front and mounted a single large shock cone, and grew progressively more "square" to the rear, where they ended flush with the rear of the wing. The rest of the layout was generally the same as the earlier version, with the rectangular canards, "hidden" cockpit and large cropped-delta vertical fin at the extreme rear.
The new version also had reduction in crew to two members. The bomb bay was narrow but very long at 50 ft (15 m), and was intended to be armed with a nuclear-tipped stand-off missile. A suitable warhead started development as Blue Rosette.

</doc>
<doc id="5919202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919202" title="VS-MK2 mine">
VS-MK2 mine

The VS-MK-2 is a plastic bodied scatterable anti-personnel blast mine manufactured by the now-defunct Valsella Meccanotecnica, SpA, an Italian high-tech defense contractor that specialized in the development and production of area denial systems. The mine is extremely difficult to detect because of its low metal content i.e. it is a minimum metal mine. Additionally, it is resistant to blast overpressure due to a pneumatic system in the fuze. The mine will also function in up to 1 meter of water. An electrically fused anti-handling version of the mine was also produced designated VS-MK-2-EL, VS-MK-2-E or VS-MK2 AR-AN to hinder clearance attempts. Although Italy has ceased production of this mine it may still be found in uncleared minefields located in Angola, Sudan and the Western Sahara.
Description.
The mine is circular and normally olive green or sand colored. The top of the mine has a black neoprene plunger/pressure plate, which rests on a small spring. The mine is internally divided into two sections separated by a small air bleed hole. When the plunger is compressed, air is forced through the bleed hole equalizing pressure in the upper and lower section. When the mine experiences sudden overpressure an air bladder inflates caused by the differential in pressure between the upper and lower sections, this prevents the activation of the mine. When constant pressure is applied the pressure equalizes gradually and the mine is activated, a firing pin is flipped sideways by the plunger into a stab-detonator, which fires the horseshoe-shaped main explosive charge.
The amount of explosive in a VS-Mk 2 mine is comparatively small in relation to other anti-personnel mines because it is designed to disable victims, not kill them. Although the blast wound from an VS-Mk 2 is unlikely to be fatal (assuming that prompt emergency medical care is provided) it usually destroys a significant part of the victim's foot, thereby leading to some form of permanent disability regarding their gait. However, in situations where the victims are barefoot or wearing sandals, the blast wounds are more severe.

</doc>
<doc id="5919207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919207" title="Sherrard">
Sherrard

Sherrard or Sherard may refer to:
People.
Sherrard surname
Sherard surname
Sherrard given name

</doc>
<doc id="5919240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919240" title="Shevlin">
Shevlin

Shevlin can refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5919242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919242" title="Limba people">
Limba people

Limba people may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919248" title="Beni Madhab Das">
Beni Madhab Das

Beni Madhab Das () (1866 – 1952) was an erudite Bengali scholar, a renowned teacher and a great patriot in British India. Subhas Chandra Bose was his student at Ravenshaw Collegiate School and he left an inedible mark in the mind of his young student, as acknowledged in his book "Bharat Pathik". When Bose was under internment and had decided to leave India, he wanted the blessings of his teacher, and so a clandestine meeting was organized for the purpose. A number of his other students occupied important positions in life. His personal life of dedication and devotion inspired all his students on to an eventful life. He was what was referred to as an exemplary teacher. 
Early life.
Son of Krishna Chandra Das of Sarowatoli, Chittagong (now in Bangladesh), he was born on November 22, 1866. After successfully completing his post graduation in philosophy, he joined Chittagong College. He converted it into a model institution. He was posted in Chittagong, Dhaka, Cuttack, Krishnanagar and Kolkata, initially as a teacher in government colleges and later as headmaster of government schools.
Influenced by Keshub Chunder Sen, he joined the Brahmo Samaj early in life. He was associated with the publications of the Brahmo Samaj, Indian Messenger and Navavidhan.
Ideal teacher.
With his dedication and patriotism, he was considered an ideal teacher. Apart from philosophy, he had vast knowledge of economics and history, and used to teach these subjects as well. He presided over the All-India Theistic Conference at Kakinada, now in Andhra Pradesh, in 1923. His presidential speech was later published in a booklet entitled "Modern Theistic Movement in India". His collection of essays, "Pilgrimage Through Prayers", was a critically acclaimed publication.
Another great Brahmo teacher, Niranjan Niyogi, who had occasion to come close to him at both Cuttack and Krishnanagar writes about him, “There was no harshness in his administration, no pompous display surrounding it – his cool and charming behaviour used to have a remarkable impact on his students. Even those who were turbulent calmed down, became respectful towards him and were endeared to his affections.”
Family involvement.
His wife, Sarala Devi was daughter of Madhusudan Sen, who after serving as secretary of Sadharan Brahmo Samaj at Kolkata shifted his base to Dhaka on retirement. She was actively involved in social welfare activities. He used to assist in the functioning of Sarala Punyashram an organisation she had set up for the assistance of destitute and helpless women. 
Kalyani Das (Bhattacharya) and Bina Das (Bhaumik) were their daughters. Kalyani Das (1907-1983) was a leading social activist and revolutionary worker. She was one of the organisers of Chhatri Sangha and was secretary of Students’ Association. Apart from her political activities for which she went to jail, she was associated with Sarala Punyashram all her life. Bina Das (1911-1986) shot into prominence when she fired her pistol at the governor of Bengal, Stanley Jackson, in 1932, at the annual convocation meeting of Calcutta University. The attempt failed but she was sentenced to nine years’ imprisonment.
He devoted the later part of his life entirely to the cause of the Brahmo Samaj and died on 2 September 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="5919251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919251" title="I Don't Want to Save the World">
I Don't Want to Save the World

"I Don't Want to Save the World" is the fourth album by Cock Robin and was released in 2006. It sees the reformation of the band after a 16 year hiatus. It features a selection of their trademark harmonic pop. The lyrics seem to be greatly influenced by personal relations and experiences spent since the last time the duo of Kingsbery and LaCazio shared a pop group. An example of this is "Italian Soul", which may be a take upon the consequences of meeting and working together after a long time apart (Anna LaCazio is of mixed Italian-Chinese descent). Apart from a few TV appearances in 2006 mainly, in France, the album was not widely promoted and as a result its sales have remained confidential.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Kingsbery except "Italian Soul" (LaCazio/Kingsbery/Wright), "The Valley Below" (Wright/Kingsbery) and "Under The Star Which I Was Born" (Polnareff/Kingsbery). This last song is a cover version of French singer-songwriter Michel Polnareff's song "Sous quelle étoile suis-je né ?"

</doc>
<doc id="5919256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919256" title="Kjell Carlström">
Kjell Carlström

Kjell Carlström (born 18 October 1976) is a retired Finnish road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2002 and 2011. He won the Finnish national road race title in 2000, 2004 and 2011.
He raced in the Tour de France in 2005, 2006 and 2007. His best performance in the Tour de France was a second place stage finish on stage 8 in the 2006 race. In December 2011 he announced his retirement after his contract with Team Sky was not renewed and he was unable to find a new team.
Starting in 2013, he became one of "directeurs sportifs" in IAM Cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="5919257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919257" title="Index of topics related to life extension">
Index of topics related to life extension

Following is a list of topics related to life extension:
__NOTOC__
Z.
<br>
<br>
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="5919258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919258" title="Thomas Wilson Sons &amp; Co.">
Thomas Wilson Sons &amp; Co.

Thomas Wilson Sons & Co. was founded in 1840, having evolved from a joint venture formed by merchants Thomas Wilson, John Beckinton and two unrelated partners named Hudson in 1822.
The company expanded and by the early 20th century operated a relatively large fleet, but in 1906 part of the operation was merged with the North Eastern Railway creating Wilson's & North Eastern Railway Shipping Co. Ltd and later in 1916 the remaining company was sold to Sir John Ellerman who created Ellerman's Wilson Line which continued to trade until closed in 1973.
History.
None of the partners came from shipping background but were quick to see the opportunity of becoming involved in the industry and they acquired their first sailing ship the "Thomas and Ann" in 1825, and a schooner "Swift" in 1831.
In about 1836 John Beckington dropped out of the partnership and the new company was formed.
The two Hudson partners retired in 1840/1841 allowing Thomas Wilson to take full control. He brought his eldest son David into the business as his partner.
In 1850 his other sons Charles Wilson and Arthur joined and became active partners, the name changing to Thomas Wilson Sons and Company, though usually known as the Wilson Line of Hull.
Thomas died in 1869 and the company was taken over by his sons Charles and Arthur Wilson, with David remaining a silent partner. A few years later the brother were beginning to question the ability of their own sons to continue running the firm and brought in a non-family member, Oswald Sanderson, to become the new Managing Director.
In 1878 the company purchased the seven ship fleet of "Brownlow Marsdin and Co.", bringing the Wilson fleet to 52 ships.
In 1903 23 ships were purchased from "Bailey & Leetham".
In 1906 part of the operation was merged with the North Eastern Railway creating "Wilson's & North Eastern Railway Shipping Co. Ltd".
In 1906 the company purchased the shares in the ailing local firm Earle's Shipbuilding and ordered vessels from them.
The company was sold to Sir John Ellerman in 1916, owner of the successful Ellerman Line and supposedly the richest man in Britain at the time. There can be little doubt that the loss of three of its largest and most prestigious vessels to enemy action [ "Aaro" and "Calypso" sunk ; "Eskimo" captured ] during a three-week period in the summer contributed greatly to the Wilson family's decision to sell the company. Though it kept the Wilson name (Ellerman's Wilson Line of Hull) and continued for several years, it never saw the same success, despite a brief revival in the 1950s, and was eventually closed in 1973 when the Ellerman company turned its focus elsewhere.
Development.
From a background in iron importing, the focus was on steam shipping, still in its early stages and eventually saw the company become a prominent figure in modern steam shipping. Initially the firm concentrated on Swedish iron ore importing for the Sheffield iron trades but gradually turned to focus on the shipping lines all over the world, with Hull becoming one of the most significant ports to flourish under the advent of steam. Previously getting out of the Humber estuary was difficult despite the convenient location of Hull, but with steam it became easy to reach the sea and navigate around Britain.
Relevance.
At one time the firm was 'well on its' way to becoming the World's largest private shipowner'. The company stands out as one of interest in the maritime and business world of the period, as it provides an example of the changing fortunes of a family business. It has been suggested that Thomas Wilson is a good example of the emergence of specialist shipowners at this time.
Livery.
Funnels : Red with black top.
Hull : Black Wilson Sons or Dark Green Wilson but occasionally white where vessel had refrigerated capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="5919266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919266" title="Bay City Recreation Area">
Bay City Recreation Area

Bay City Recreation Area or Bay City State Recreation Area (formerly Bay City State Park) is a state park located near Bay City, Michigan in Bay County, Michigan, on the shore of Saginaw Bay. The Tobico Marsh, one of the largest remaining freshwater, coastal wetlands on the Great Lakes is located in the park. Other natural features of the park include a mile of sandy beach, over of wetland woods, meadows, oak savannah prairies, and cattail marshes. The park is a haven for migratory birds and wetland wildlife.
Beach pollution.
Pollution on the beaches bordering the Saginaw Bay consisting of organic matter has been a significant issue to park patrons and local waterfront land owners in recent years. Although beach grooming has been implemented to clean up the beaches, much of the shoreline along the bay is muddied with "muck".
Much of the pollution found along the bay shore has been attributed to waste runoff from local farms settled within the Saginaw River watershed, wastewater treatment failures, and leaking septic systems, which contribute nutrients into the water, causing algae blooms.

</doc>
<doc id="5919272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919272" title="Peter Fischli &amp; David Weiss">
Peter Fischli &amp; David Weiss

Peter Fischli (born 8 June 1952) and David Weiss (21 June 1946 – 27 April 2012), often shortened to Fischli/Weiss, were an artist duo that had been collaborating since 1979. They were among the most renowned contemporary artists of Switzerland. Their best-known work is the film "Der Lauf der Dinge (The Way Things Go, 1987)", described by "The Guardian" as being "post apocalyptic", as it concerned chain reactions and the ways in which objects flew, crashed and exploded across the studio in which it was shot. Fischli lives and works in Zurich; Weiss died on 27 April 2012.
Education and early career.
Peter Fischli (born 8 June 1952) was born in Zurich.
David Weiss (21 June 1946 – 27 April 2012) grew up as the son of a parish priest and a teacher. After discovering a passion for jazz at the age of 16, he enrolled in a foundation course at the Kunstgewerbeschule, Zurich, where in his first year of study he befriended fellow artist Urs Lüthi. Having rejected careers as a decorator, a graphic designer and a photographer, Weiss soon came to view a career as an artist as a realistic prospect. He studied at the Kunstgewerbeschule, Zurich (1963–4), and the Kunstgewerbeschule, Basel (1964–5); he subsequently worked as sculptor with Alfred Gruder (Basel) and Jaqueline Stieger (England). In 1967, he worked at the Expo 67 in Montreal, before travelling to New York, where he got to know the important minimalist art of the time. Between 1970 and 1979 he published books in collaboration with Lüthi. For most of 1975-78, he spent a great deal of time drawing in black ink, and had exhibitions at galleries in Zürich, Amsterdam, Cologne, and Rotterdam.
Fischli and Weiss met in 1978 and subsequently formed a short-lived rock band, Migros. Their first collaborative venture was a series of ten colour photographs, "Wurstserie" (‘sausage series’, 1979), depicting small scenes constructed with various types of meat and sausage and everyday objects, with titles such as "At the North Pole" and "The Caveman".
Works.
Art critics often see parallels to Marcel Duchamp, Dieter Roth or Jean Tinguely in Fischli and Weiss' parody bearing work.
"Wurstserie" (1979) was Fischli and Weiss' first collaborative project, setting the tone for their future work. In the series, ordinary sausages and slices of sausages became the protagonists of scenarios, alluding to situations such as cars in a traffic accident in an urban setting, layers of carpets and other situations. By the end of the 1980s, the duo had expanded their repertoire to embrace an iconography of the incidental, creating deadpan photographs of kitsch tourist attractions and airports around the world. For their contribution to the 1995 Venice Biennale, at which they represented Switzerland, Fischli & Weiss exhibited 96 hours of video on 12 monitors that documented what they called "concentrated daydreaming"—real-time glimpses into daily life in Zurich: a mountain sunrise, a restaurant chef in his kitchen, sanitation workers, a bicycle race, and so on. For the Skulptur Projekte Münster (1997), Fischli and Weiss planted a flower and vegetable garden conceived with an ecological point of view and documented its periodic growth through photographs.
"Suddenly This Overview".
"Suddenly this Overview" (1981) is a collection of unfired clay sculptures imaginatively recreating various events in human history. The figures range from those rendered in meticulous detail, to coarse, sketch-like pieces. As is implied by "The World We Live In" – the title originally envisaged for the work – this panorama of interwoven happenings in the world arising out of the artists' subjective viewpoint, with its assembly of events both large and small, questions what it means to be alive. First unveiled in 1981 as an installation consisting of around 200 objects, a new version comprising about 90 was presented in 2006.
"Rat and Bear".
The artists' first Rat and Bear film, "The Least Resistance" (1981) was set in urban Los Angeles, where the artists were living at the time. "The Right Way" (1982-3) was their second appearance and shows the two characters rambling through a mountainous landscape, of the kind that filled 19th-century artists with thoughts of the sublime. A book called "Order and Cleanliness" (1981), setting out the ideas of Rat and Bear, is crammed with charts and diagrams, each attempting to impose a crazed order on the world. "Rat and Bear" (2004) is a sculpture that incorporates the original costumes worn by the artists, presented in life-size boxes out of dark, barely-translucent Plexiglas, suspending the costumes inside.
"Polyurethane Objects" and "Rubber Sculptures".
In 1982, the artists began their ongoing series of hand-carved and painted polyurethane objects depicting ordinary items found in their studio. Each object is a replica, down to the strewn peanut shells and scatter of rainbow M&Ms, carved from dense, rigid foam and painted. In a 2006 interview Peter Fischli remarked, “Unlike Pop art, which turns one particular object into an icon, they are a collection of replicas of worthless everyday objects.” For a series of "Rubber Sculptures", they cast ordinary objects, such as a desk drawer "Divider" (1987), a "Vase" (1986/87) and a "Dog Dish" (1987) in a heavyweight black rubber.
"The Way Things Go".
The "Equilibres" photographs (1984–1987), a series of images of household objects and studio detritus arranged to form tenuously-balanced assemblages, developed into the artists' celebrated film "The Way Things Go" (1986–1987). The resulting film enlists an assortment of objects, including tyres and chairs, as components in a domino-like chain reaction lasting thirty minutes. Using such common industrial objects, Fischli and Weiss created a continuous chain of actions and reactions involving balloons deflating, tires rolling, liquids draining, candles melting, balls dropping, fuses burning, wheels spinning, and much more. The film’s humour lies in the deliberate misuse of these objects, as they are co-opted into performing roles outside their normal function. Reminiscent of the physical comedy of silent films starring Charlie Chaplin or Buster Keaton, here the actors are steaming-kettles mounted on roller-skates, rotating dustbin bags, rickety stepladders set in motion, buckets, tyres, bottles and planks. 
Well known in film circles, Der Lauf Der Dinge won awards at the Berlin and Sydney film festivals and was described by the "New York Times" as a "masterpiece". For their retrospective at Tate Modern in 2006, Fischli/Weiss unveiled "Making Things Go" (1985/2006), a documentary that gave a behind-the-scenes look of the many experiments, rehearsals, and failures behind the controlled catastrophes of "The Way Things Go." It was shot over three days in 1985 by a friend, Swiss writer and publisher Patrick Frey, but went unreleased for 20 years. "The Way Things Go" became the inspiration for the even more famous Honda advert "Cog" (made by Wieden+Kennedy), in which parts of a Honda Accord are used in the chain instead of fire and foam. Fischli and Weiss had previously declined offers to use their film commercially, and briefly threatened legal action against Honda for use of their ideas, although in the end no lawsuit was filed.
"Visible World".
Originally made for documenta X (1997), "Sichtbare Welt (Visible World)" comprises three monitors each displaying an eight hour video made up of the artists' still photographs. The series includes much-photographed views such as the New York skyline, Sydney Harbour and the Pyramids. Others are the kind of pictures taken by amateur photographers, conventionally composed, sharply focused, with appealing subject matter such as woodland glades and sunlit gardens. The images, taken in arbitrary locations around the world, slowly dissolve one into another and, as is also the case with their slide shows, there is no sound track. The work was shown on late night television in Germany every night for three months. "Visible World" exists in a number of other formats; as an artists’ book and as an installation of fifteen light tables displaying a vast slide archive. 
A later version of "Visible World" (2003) is a collection of 3,000 small-format photographs displayed on a specially fabricated 90-foot long light table. The encyclopedic collection of images — of cities, jungles, deserts, airports, stadiums, monuments, mountains, and tropical beaches, from all over the world — is composed of photographs taken by the artists over the course of fifteen years. "An Unsettled Work" (2000–06), originally titled "Freakshow; Monsters", grew out of "Visible World" and consists of pictures rejected from the prior work. A marked esthetic departure from their earlier pieces, this slide projection issues forth violent, sumptuous and otherworldly images. A later series is "Views of Airports", a slide presentation of 469 photographs the artists took over a period of two decades. His Work "Schilf", 2004, is by Museo Cantonale d'Arte of Lugano.
"Questions".
" Fragenprojektion" ("Questions", 1981–2003) is a three-part, 15-channel slide installation, consisting of 243 handwritten questions, with three questions projected at a time. Each set of questions slowly dissolves into the next. The questions range from the profound to the trivial. Examples include: "Can I restore my innocence?," "Why does the earth turn around once a day?," "Does a hidden tunnel lead directly to the kitchen?" and "Does a ghost drive my car around at night?" The installation was the culmination of a series of works composed of absurd questions, including a book called "Will Happiness Find Me?" (2002). In the later "Question Pot (Big)" (1986), a large container molded from polyurethane, questions were written all over the inside of the pot in spiral formation.
"Walls, Corners, Tubes".
In "Walls, Corners, Tubes" (2012), the artists present a series of objects with geometrical bodies which have the form of walls, corners, and tubes and are made alternately of black rubber and unfired clay placed on high, white pedestals. Both the shapes of the objects and their titles such as "Wand aus Ton" ("Wall of Clay", 2012) or "Röhre aus Gummi" ("Tube of Rubber", 2012) recall functional elements, such as those often found at building supplies stores.
Exhibitions.
Fischli & Weiss had their first solo exhibition in 1981 at the Galerie Balkon in Geneva. After showing "Suddenly This Overview" at the Galerie Stähli in 1981, they became regulars on the international art scene. Their first solo exhibition in the United States was shown at the Sonnabend Gallery in New York in 1986. In more than 25 years of activity, the pair exhibited in some of the most important institutions and museums worldwide including Museu d’Art Contemporani de Barcelona (2000); Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen in Rotterdam (2003); Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo in Mexico City (2005); and the Rencontres d'Arles festival, France. A U.S. retrospective of their work was organised by the Walker Art Center in 1996 and subsequently traveled to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco; and Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles. Another retrospective of their work was held at Tate Modern, London in 2006, and traveled to the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, Kunsthaus Zürich and the Deichtorhallen, Hamburg. Recent solo exhibitions were held at the Art Institute of Chicago (2011) and the Serpentine Gallery, London (2013). 
In 1995 they represented Switzerland in the Venice Biennale and in 2003 were included in the "Utopia Station" exhibition of the Venice Biennale curated by Rirkrit Tiravanija for which they were awarded the leone' d'oro for best work in the main exhibition.
In 2000, the exhibition "Aprendiendo menos (learning less)" united Fischli & Weiss with Gabriel Orozco and Richard Wentworth. Three different perspectives through photography, where the artists are a means to portray street findings within the urban landscape, its surroundings and its objects. It was curated by Patricia Martín.
Peter Fischli and David Weiss have been represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery since 1999.
Collections.
Their works are held, among others, in the collections of the Tate, and the Guggenheim.
Recognition.
Fischli and Weiss won the Golden Lion prize at the 2003 Venice Biennale for "Questions", an installation of over 1,000 photographic slides of handwritten existential questions the artists had collected over many years. In 2006 they received the Roswitha Haftmann Prize, Switzerland.
Contributions.
2008 "Life on Mars," the 2008 "Carnegie International" [http://blog.cmoa.org/CI08/2008/02/peter-fischli.php]

</doc>
<doc id="5919273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919273" title="Ulmus microcarpa">
Ulmus microcarpa

Ulmus microcarpa was named and first described by the Chinese botanist L. K. Fu, who discovered the tree in the Chayu broad-leaved forests of south-eastern Xizang at altitudes of around 2800  m during the 1973 Qinghai - Tibet Expedition. Unlike the majority of Tibet, the Chayu region has a subtropical highland climate featuring warm, wet, summers and mild, dry, winters (avg. annual rainfall 807 mm). Known as the Tibetan Elm, "Ulmus microcarpa" was introduced to the USA in 2006, and the UK in 2013; it remains one of the rarest species in cultivation.
Description.
"U. microcarpa" can reach a height of 30 m in the wild, the trunk < 80  cm d.b.h.. The large oblong to elliptic leaves are 8.5–17 cm long by 5–8 cm broad with 5 mm petioles, likened by Fu to those of "U. wallichiana" and "U. bergmanniana" var. "lasiophylla", but much smaller on juvenile plants. The leaves are borne on extraordinarily corky branchlets bestowing a highly unusual appearance. As its specific epithet implies, the suborbicular, glabrous samarae are small, < 8 mm across, the seed at the centre.
Pests and diseases.
No information available; "U. microcarpa" was not known in the USA when the majority of Asiatic elms were screened for resistance to Dutch elm disease by the late George Ware at the Morton Arboretum, Illinois, in the early 1990s.
Cultivation.
"U. microcarpa" is very rare in cultivation outside China, and accessions are currently restricted to two arboreta in the USA and one in Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919283" title="Fosterella">
Fosterella

Fosterella is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Pitcairnioideae. The genus is named after Mulford B. Foster, American horticulturist and collector (1888-1978).

</doc>
<doc id="5919286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919286" title="SM U-55">
SM U-55

SM "U-55" was one of the six Type U 51 U-boats of the Imperial German Navy during the First World War, .
Construction and commissioning.
"U 55" was ordered from Germaniawerft, Kiel on 23 August 1914, was laid down on 28 December 1914 and launched on 18 March 1916. She was commissioned under her first commander Wilhelm Werner on 8 June 1916.
Service with the Kaiserliche Marine.
Werner commanded her for most of her wartime career, during which she undertook 14 patrols with II Flotilla, sinking 64 ships for a total of 130,387 tons. She also damaged another five for a total of 25,568 tons, and took another two as prizes for a total of 4,616 tons. Her most famous act was the sinking of the British with three torpedoes, on 17 July 1918 off the east coast of Ireland. The "Carpathia" herself had become famous for her actions in coming to the rescue of the sinking in 1912. The "U-55" also sank the hospital ship on 4 January 1918.
Werner was replaced by Alexander Weiss on 10 August 1918, Weiss being succeeded by Hans Friedrich on 15 September and commanding "U 55" until the armistice on 11 November.
With the Japanese.
"U 55" was surrendered to Japan on 26 November 1918. She entered service with the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1920 as "O3", serving as such until 1921. She was dismantled at the Sasebo Navy Yard between March and June 1921, briefly recommissioning in 1923 as "Auxiliary Vessel No. 2538".
External links.
<HR>

</doc>
<doc id="5919308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919308" title="Apache Hadoop">
Apache Hadoop

Apache Hadoop is an open-source software framework for storage and large-scale processing of data-sets on clusters of commodity hardware. Hadoop is an Apache top-level project being built and used by a global community of contributors and users. It is licensed under the Apache License 2.0.
The Apache Hadoop framework is composed of the following modules:
All the modules in Hadoop are designed with a fundamental assumption that hardware failures (of individual machines, or racks of machines) are common and thus should be automatically handled in software by the framework. Apache Hadoop's MapReduce and HDFS components originally derived respectively from Google's MapReduce and Google File System (GFS) papers.
Beyond HDFS, YARN and MapReduce, the entire Apache Hadoop "platform" is now commonly considered to consist of a number of related projects as well – Apache Pig, Apache Hive, Apache HBase, Apache Spark, and others.
For the end-users, though MapReduce Java code is common, any programming language can be used with "Hadoop Streaming" to implement the "map" and "reduce" parts of the user's program. Apache Pig, Apache Hive, Apache Spark among other related projects expose higher level user interfaces like Pig Latin and a SQL variant respectively. The Hadoop framework itself is mostly written in the Java programming language, with some native code in C and command line utilities written as shell-scripts.
Apache Hadoop is a registered trademark of the Apache Software Foundation.
History.
Hadoop was created by Doug Cutting and Mike Cafarella in 2005. Cutting, who was working at Yahoo! at the time, named it after his son's toy elephant. It was originally developed to support distribution for the Nutch search engine project.
Architecture.
Hadoop consists of the "Hadoop Common" package, which provides filesystem and OS level abstractions, a MapReduce engine (either MapReduce/MR1 or YARN/MR2) and the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS). The Hadoop Common package contains the necessary Java ARchive (JAR) files and scripts needed to start Hadoop. The package also provides source code, documentation and a contribution section that includes projects from the Hadoop Community.
For effective scheduling of work, every Hadoop-compatible file system should provide location awareness: the name of the rack (more precisely, of the network switch) where a worker node is. Hadoop applications can use this information to run work on the node where the data is, and, failing that, on the same rack/switch, reducing backbone traffic. HDFS uses this method when replicating data to try to keep different copies of the data on different racks. The goal is to reduce the impact of a rack power outage or switch failure, so that even if these events occur, the data may still be readable.
A small Hadoop cluster includes a single master and multiple worker nodes. The master node consists of a JobTracker, TaskTracker, NameNode and DataNode. A slave or "worker node" acts as both a DataNode and TaskTracker, though it is possible to have data-only worker nodes and compute-only worker nodes. These are normally used only in nonstandard applications.
Hadoop requires Java Runtime Environment (JRE) 1.6 or higher. The standard start-up and shutdown scripts require Secure Shell (ssh) to be set up between nodes in the cluster.
In a larger cluster, the HDFS is managed through a dedicated NameNode server to host the file system index, and a secondary NameNode that can generate snapshots of the namenode's memory structures, thus preventing file-system corruption and reducing loss of data. Similarly, a standalone JobTracker server can manage job scheduling. In clusters where the Hadoop MapReduce engine is deployed against an alternate file system, the NameNode, secondary NameNode and DataNode architecture of HDFS is replaced by the file-system-specific equivalent.
File system.
Hadoop distributed file system.
The Hadoop distributed file system (HDFS) is a distributed, scalable, and portable file-system written in Java for the Hadoop framework. Each node in a Hadoop instance typically has a single namenode; a cluster of datanodes form the HDFS cluster. The situation is typical because each node does not require a datanode to be present. Each datanode serves up blocks of data over the network using a block protocol specific to HDFS. The file system uses TCP/IP sockets for communication. Clients use remote procedure call (RPC) to communicate between each other.
HDFS stores large files (typically in the range of gigabytes to terabytes) across multiple machines.
It achieves reliability by replicating the data across multiple hosts, and hence theoretically does not require RAID storage on hosts (but to increase I/O performance some RAID configurations are still useful). With the default replication value, 3, data is stored on three nodes: two on the same rack, and one on a different rack. Data nodes can talk to each other to rebalance data, to move copies around, and to keep the replication of data high. HDFS is not fully POSIX-compliant, because the requirements for a POSIX file-system differ from the target goals for a Hadoop application. The tradeoff of not having a fully POSIX-compliant file-system is increased performance for data throughput and support for non-POSIX operations such as Append.
HDFS added the high-availability capabilities, as announced for release 2.0 in May 2012, allowing the main metadata server (the NameNode) to be failed over manually to a backup in the event of failure. The project has also started developing automatic fail-over.
The HDFS file system includes a so-called "secondary namenode," a misleading name which may potentially be incorrectly interpreted as a backup namenode for when the primary namenode goes offline. In fact, the secondary namenode regularly connects with the primary namenode and builds snapshots of the primary namenode's directory information, which the system then saves to local or remote directories. These checkpointed images can be used to restart a failed primary namenode without having to replay the entire journal of file-system actions, then to edit the log to create an up-to-date directory structure. Because the namenode is the single point for storage and management of metadata, it can become a bottleneck for supporting a huge number of files, especially a large number of small files. HDFS Federation, a new addition, aims to tackle this problem to a certain extent by allowing multiple name-spaces served by separate namenodes.
An advantage of using HDFS is data awareness between the job tracker and task tracker. The job tracker schedules map or reduce jobs to task trackers with an awareness of the data location. For example: if node A contains data (x,y,z) and node B contains data (a,b,c), the job tracker schedules node B to perform map or reduce tasks on (a,b,c) and node A would be scheduled to perform map or reduce tasks on (x,y,z). This reduces the amount of traffic that goes over the network and prevents unnecessary data transfer. When Hadoop is used with other file systems this advantage is not always available. This can have a significant impact on job-completion times, which has been demonstrated when running data-intensive jobs.
HDFS was designed for mostly immutable files and may not be suitable for systems requiring concurrent write-operations.
HDFS can be mounted directly with a Filesystem in Userspace (FUSE) virtual file system on Linux and some other Unix systems.
File access can be achieved through the native Java API, the Thrift API to generate a client in the language of the users' choosing (C++, Java, Python, PHP, Ruby, Erlang, Perl, Haskell, C#, Cocoa, Smalltalk, and OCaml), the command-line interface, browsed through the HDFS-UI webapp over HTTP, or via 3rd-party network client libraries.
Other file systems.
Hadoop works directly with any distributed file system that can be mounted by the underlying operating system simply by using a file:// URL; however, this comes at a price: the loss of locality. To reduce network traffic, Hadoop needs to know which servers are closest to the data; this is information that Hadoop-specific file system bridges can provide.
In May 2011, the list of supported file systems bundled with Apache Hadoop were:
A number of third-party file system bridges have also been written, none of which are currently in Hadoop distributions. However, some commercial distributions of Hadoop ship with an alternative filesystem as the default, -specifically IBM and MapR.
JobTracker and TaskTracker: the MapReduce engine.
Above the file systems comes the MapReduce engine, which consists of one "JobTracker", to which client applications submit MapReduce jobs. The JobTracker pushes work out to available "TaskTracker" nodes in the cluster, striving to keep the work as close to the data as possible. With a rack-aware file system, the JobTracker knows which node contains the data, and which other machines are nearby. If the work cannot be hosted on the actual node where the data resides, priority is given to nodes in the same rack. This reduces network traffic on the main backbone network. If a TaskTracker fails or times out, that part of the job is rescheduled. The TaskTracker on each node spawns off a separate Java Virtual Machine process to prevent the TaskTracker itself from failing if the running job crashes the JVM. A heartbeat is sent from the TaskTracker to the JobTracker every few minutes to check its status. The Job Tracker and TaskTracker status and information is exposed by Jetty and can be viewed from a web browser.
If the JobTracker failed on Hadoop 0.20 or earlier, all ongoing work was lost. Hadoop version 0.21 added some checkpointing to this process; the JobTracker records what it is up to in the file system. When a JobTracker starts up, it looks for any such data, so that it can restart work from where it left off.
Known limitations of this approach are:
Scheduling.
By default Hadoop uses FIFO, and optional 5 scheduling priorities to schedule jobs from a work queue. In version 0.19 the job scheduler was refactored out of the JobTracker, and added the ability to use an alternate scheduler (such as the "Fair scheduler" or the "Capacity scheduler").
Fair scheduler.
The fair scheduler was developed by Facebook. The goal of the fair scheduler is to provide fast response times for small jobs and QoS for production jobs. The fair scheduler has three basic concepts.
By default, jobs that are uncategorized go into a default pool. Pools have to specify the minimum number of map slots, reduce slots, and a limit on the number of running jobs.
Capacity scheduler.
The capacity scheduler was developed by Yahoo. The capacity scheduler supports several features that are similar to the fair scheduler.
There is no preemption once a job is running.
Other applications.
The HDFS file system is not restricted to MapReduce jobs. It can be used for other applications, many of which are under development at Apache. The list includes the HBase database, the Apache Mahout machine learning system, and the Apache Hive Data Warehouse system. Hadoop can in theory be used for any sort of work that is batch-oriented rather than real-time, that is very data-intensive, and able to work on pieces of the data in parallel. As of October 2009, commercial applications of Hadoop included:
Prominent users.
Yahoo!
On February 19, 2008, Yahoo! Inc. launched what it claimed was the world's largest Hadoop production application. The Yahoo! Search Webmap is a Hadoop application that runs on a more than 10,000 core Linux cluster and produces data that was used in every Yahoo! Web search query.
There are multiple Hadoop clusters at Yahoo! and no HDFS file systems or MapReduce jobs are split across multiple datacenters. Every Hadoop cluster node bootstraps the Linux image, including the Hadoop distribution. Work that the clusters perform is known to include the index calculations for the Yahoo! search engine.
On June 10, 2009, Yahoo! made the source code of the version of Hadoop it runs in production available to the public. Yahoo! contributes all the work it does on Hadoop to the open-source community. The company's developers also fix bugs, provide stability improvements internally and release this patched source code so that other users may benefit from their effort.
Facebook.
In 2010 Facebook claimed that they had the largest Hadoop cluster in the world with 21 PB of storage. On June 13, 2012 they announced the data had grown to 100 PB. On November 8, 2012 they announced the data gathered in the warehouse grows by roughly half a PB per day.
Other users.
As of 2013, Hadoop adoption is widespread. For example, more than half of the Fortune 50 use Hadoop.
Hadoop hosted in the Cloud.
Hadoop can be deployed in a traditional on-site datacenter as well as in the cloud. The cloud allows organizations to deploy Hadoop without hardware to acquire or specific set-up expertise. Vendors who currently have an offer for the cloud include Microsoft, Amazon, and Google.
Hadoop on Microsoft Azure.
Azure HDInsight is a service that deploys Hadoop on Microsoft Azure. HDInsight uses a Windows-based Hadoop distribution that was jointly developed with Hortonworks and allows programming extensions with .NET (in addition to JAVA). By deploying HDInsight in the cloud, organizations can spin up the number of nodes they want and only get charged for the compute and storage that is used. Hortonworks implementations can also move data from the on-premises datacenter to the cloud for backup, development/test, and bursting scenarios.
Hadoop on Amazon EC2/S3 services.
It is possible to run Hadoop on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) and Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). As an example The New York Times used 100 Amazon EC2 instances and a Hadoop application to process 4 TB of raw image TIFF data (stored in S3) into 11 million finished PDFs in the space of 24 hours at a computation cost of about $240 (not including bandwidth).
There is support for the S3 file system in Hadoop distributions, and the Hadoop team generates EC2 machine images after every release. From a pure performance perspective, Hadoop on S3/EC2 is inefficient, as the S3 file system is remote and delays returning from every write operation until the data is guaranteed not to be lost. This removes the locality advantages of Hadoop, which schedules work near data to save on network load.
Amazon Elastic MapReduce.
Elastic MapReduce (EMR) was introduced by Amazon in April 2009. Provisioning of the Hadoop cluster, running and terminating jobs, and handling data transfer between EC2(VM) and S3(Object Storage) are automated by Elastic MapReduce. Apache Hive, which is built on top of Hadoop for providing data warehouse services, is also offered in Elastic MapReduce.
Support for using Spot Instances was later added in August 2011. Elastic MapReduce is fault tolerant for slave failures, and it is recommended to only run the Task Instance Group on spot instances to take advantage of the lower cost while maintaining availability.
Industry support of academic clusters.
IBM and Google announced an initiative in 2007 to use Hadoop to support university courses in distributed computer programming.
In 2008 this collaboration, the Academic Cloud Computing Initiative (ACCI), partnered with the National Science Foundation to provide grant funding to academic researchers interested in exploring large-data applications. This resulted in the creation of the Cluster Exploratory (CLuE) program.
Running Hadoop in compute farm environments.
Hadoop can also be used in compute farms and high-performance computing environments. Instead of setting up a dedicated Hadoop cluster, an existing compute farm can be used if the resource manager of the cluster is aware of the Hadoop jobs, and thus Hadoop jobs can be scheduled like other jobs in the cluster.
Condor integration.
The Condor High-Throughput Computing System integration was presented at the "Condor Week" conference in 2010.
Commercial support.
A number of companies offer commercial implementations or support for Hadoop.
ASF's view on the use of "Hadoop" in product names.
The Apache Software Foundation has stated that only software officially released by the Apache Hadoop Project can be called "Apache Hadoop" or "Distributions of Apache Hadoop". The naming of products and derivative works from other vendors and the term "compatible" are somewhat controversial within the Hadoop developer community.
Papers.
Some papers influenced the birth and growth of Hadoop and big data processing. Here is a partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="5919316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919316" title="Gert-Dietmar Klause">
Gert-Dietmar Klause

Gert-Dietmar Klause (born March 25, 1945). is a former East German cross-country skier who competed during the 1970s. He won a silver medal in the 50 km at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
Klause won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships (gold: 1974, silver: 1970.) His best individual finish was a 4th in the 15 km in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5919321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919321" title="Shippen">
Shippen

Shippen can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919322" title="Joel Kovel">
Joel Kovel

Joel Kovel (born 27 August 1936) is an American scholar and author.
Background.
Early life.
In 1936, Kovel was born in Brooklyn, New York to "an immigrant Ukrainian-Jewish family." He received his B.S. Summa cum laude from Yale University in 1957. In 1961 he received his M.D. from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and in 1977 was a graduate of the Psychoanalytic Institute, Downstate Medical Center Institute, Brooklyn, New York.
Academic career.
From 1977 till 1983 he was Director of Residency Training, Department of Psychiatry, Albert Einstein College of Medicine (where he was also Professor of Psychiatry from 1979-1986). From 1980 to 1985, he was an Adjunct Professor of Anthropology at the New School for Social Research and from 1986-7 a Visiting Professor of Political Science and Communications, University of California, San Diego. He also held short-term positions as a Visiting Lecturer at San Diego State University in the spring of 1990 and another Visiting Professor position at UCSD in Winter 1993.
In 1988, Kovel was appointed Alger Hiss Chair of Social Studies, a non-tenured position, at Bard College. In February 2009, he was informed that his position would not be renewed after the contract ended on June 20, 2009 and that he would be moved to "emeritus" status at that time. Kovel argued in a letter sent to the faculty of Bard College that his contract was not renewed due to his political views. He reiterated his argument in a statement posted on his official website that the "termination of service is prejudicial and motivated neither by intellectual nor pedagogic considerations, but by political values, principally stemming from differences between myself and the Bard administration on the issue of Zionism". The college president, Leon Botstein, responded in a letter sent directly to Kovel by arguing that his termination was not political but part of a larger move by Bard to reduce part-time faculty. Botstein stated: "To take what is self-evidently a result of economic constraint and turn it into a trumped-up case of prejudice and political victimization insults not only your intelligence but the intelligence of your readers." While Kovel called his dismissal illegitimate and vowed to fight the decision, he did leave Bard permanently per the university's decision in 2009.
Kovel's works include "White Racism" (1971) (nominated for a National Book Award), "A Complete Guide to Therapy" (1979), "The Age of Desire" (1982), "Against the State of Nuclear Terror" (1982), "In Nicaragua" (1986), "The Radical Spirit: Essays on Psychoanalysis and Society" (1988), "History and Spirit" (1991), "Red Hunting in the Promised Land" (1994), "The Enemy of Nature" (2002), and "Overcoming Zionism" (2007). He is the Editor-In-Chief of "Capitalism, Nature, Socialism."
Political activism and the Green Party.
Kovel became involved in political activism in the 1960s as a result of the Vietnam War. He began to study Marx which created a "conflict with his identity as a Freudian psychoanalyst" (he would eventually abandon medicine, psychiatry, and psychoanalysis in 1985). He also worked in defense of the Sandinista revolution in Nicaragua.
By the late 1980s, he became involved with the Environmental movement. He then had a brief career with the Green Party of the US, under which he ran for the U.S. Senate in 1998 and "sought the party’s presidential nomination in Denver in 2000."
Kovel is an advisory editor of "Socialist Resistance".
Eco-socialist views.
In 2001, Kovel and Michael Löwy, an anthropologist and member of the Trotskyist Fourth International, released "An ecosocialist manifesto." which set out to define eco-socialist ideology.
Critique of capitalist expansion and globalisation.
Kovel is anti-capitalist and anti-globalization, seeing globalization as a force driven by capitalism – in turn, the rapid economic growth encouraged by globalization causes acute ecological crises. He believes that capitalist firms have to continue to generate profit through a combination of continually intensifying exploitation and selling to new markets: this means that capitalism must grow indefinitely to exist, which seems impossible on a planet of finite resources.
In the "Ecosocialist manifesto", Kovel and Löwy suggest that capitalist expansion causes both "crises of ecology" through "rampant industrialization" and "societal breakdown" that springs "from the form of imperialism known as globalization". They believe that capitalism's expansion "exposes ecosystems" to pollutants, habitat destruction and resource depletion, "reducing the sensuous vitality of nature to the cold exchangeability required for the accumulation of capital", while submerging "the majority of the world's people to a mere reservoir of labor power" as it penetrates communities through "consumerism and depoliticization". Furthermore, Kovel sees the form of neo-liberal globalization as "a return to the pure logic of capital" that "has effectively swept away measures which had inhibited capital’s aggressivity, replacing them with naked exploitation of humanity and nature"; for Kovel, this "tearing down of boundaries", which was "a deliberate response to a serious accumulation crisis" in the 1970s, has become the definition of modern 'globalization'.
As eco-socialists disagree with the elite theories of capitalism, which tend to label a specific class or social group as conspirators who construct a system that satisfies their greed and personal desires, Kovel suggests that the capitalist system itself is self-perpetuating, fuelled by extra-human or impersonal forces. He uses the Bhopal Union-Carbide industrial disaster as an example. Many anti-corporation observers would blame the avarice of those at the top of many multi-national corporations. Conversely, Kovel traces systemic impulses. Union Carbide were experiencing a decrease in sales that led to falling profits, which, due to stock market conditions, translated into a drop in share values. The depreciation of share value made many shareholders sell their stock, weakening the company and leading to cost-cutting measures that eroded the safety procedures and mechanisms at the Bhopal site. Though this did not, in Kovel's mind, make Bhopal inevitable, it illustrates the effect market forces can have on increasing the likelihood of ecological and social problems.
Use and exchange value.
Kovel follows Marx's theories about the contradiction between use values and exchange values. As he explains in "The Enemy of Nature", within a market economy, goods are not produced to meet needs but are produced to be exchanged for money that we then use to acquire other goods. As we have to keep selling in order to keep buying, we must persuade others to buy our goods just to ensure our survival, which leads to the production of goods with no previous use that can be sold to sustain our ability to buy other goods. Kovel stresses that this contradiction has reached a destructive extent, where certain essential activities – such as caring for relatives full-time and basic subsistence – are unrewarded, while unnecessary economic activities earn certain individuals huge fortunes.
The role of the state and transnational organisations.
Capitalist expansion is seen by Kovel as being "hand in glove" with "corrupt and subservient client states" that repress dissent against the system, governed by international organisations "under the overall supervision of the Western powers and the superpower United States", which subordinate peripheral nations economically and militarily. Kovel further claims that capitalism itself spurs conflict and, ultimately, war. Kovel states that the 'War on Terror', between Islamist extremists and the USA, is caused by "oil imperialism", whereby the capitalist nations require control over sources of energy, especially oil, which are necessary to continue intensive industrial growth – in the quest for control of such resources, Kovel argues that the capitalist nations, specifically the USA, have come into conflict with the predominantly Muslim nations where oil is often found.
Kovel believes that state or self-regulation of markets does not solve the crisis "because to do so requires setting limits upon accumulation", which is "unacceptable" for a growth-orientated system; they believe that terrorism and revolutionary impulses cannot be tackled properly "because to do so would mean abandoning the logic of empire". Instead, eco-socialists feel that increasing repressive counter-terrorism increases alienation and causes further terrorism and believe that state counter-terrorist methods are, in Kovel and Löwy's words, "evolving into a new and malignant variation of fascism". They echo Rosa Luxemburg's "stark choice" between "socialism or barbarism", which was believed to be a prediction of the coming of fascism and further forms of destructive capitalism at the beginning of the 20th century (Luxemburg was in fact murdered by proto-fascist Freikorps in the revolutionary atmosphere of Germany in 1919).
Critique of other forms of green politics and socialism.
Kovel criticises many within the Green movement for not being overtly anti-capitalist, for working within the existing capitalist, statist system, for voluntarism, or for reliance on technological fixes. He suggests that eco-socialism differs from Green politics at the most fundamental level because the 'Four Pillars' of Green politics (and the 'Ten Key Values' of the US Green Party) do not include the demand for the emancipation of labour and the end of the separation between producers and the means of production.
Opposition to within-system approaches, voluntarism and technological fixes.
Kovel is highly critical of those Greens who favour "working within the system". While he recognises the ability of within-system approaches to raise awareness, and believe that "the struggle for an ecologically rational world must include a struggle for the state", he believes that the mainstream Green movement is too easily co-opted by the current powerful socio-political forces as it "passes from citizen-based activism to ponderous bureaucracies scuffling for 'a seat at the table'". For Kovel, capitalism is "happy to enlist" the Green movement for "convenience", "control over popular dissent" and "rationalization". He further attacks within-system green initiatives like carbon trading, which he sees as a "capitalist shell game" that turns pollution "into a fresh source of profit".
In addition, Kovel criticises the "defeatism" of voluntarism in some local forms of environmentalism that do not connect: he suggests that they can be "drawn off into individualism" or co-opted to the demands of capitalism, as in the case of certain recycling projects, where citizens are "induced to provide free labor" to waste management industries who are involved in the "capitalization of nature". He labels the notion of voluntarism "ecopolitics without struggle".
Kovel notes that "events in nature are reciprocal and multi-determined" and can therefore not be predictably "fixed"; socially, technologies cannot solve social problems because they are not "mechanical". He posits an analysis, developed from Marx, that patterns of production and social organisation are more important then the forms of technology used within a given configuration of society. Under capitalism, he suggests that technology "has been the "sine qua non" of growth" – thus he believes that, even in a world with hypothetical "free energy", the effect would be to lower the cost of automobile production, leading to the massive overproduction of vehicles, "collapsing infrastructure", chronic resource depletion and the "paving over" of the "remainder of nature". In the modern world, Kovel considers the supposed efficiency of new post-industrial commodities is a "plain illusion", as miniaturized components involve many substances and are therefore non-recyclable (and, theoretically, only simple substances could be retrieved by burning out-of-date equipment, releasing more pollutants). He is quick to warn "environmental liberals" against over-selling the virtues of renewable energies that cannot meet the mass energy consumption of the era; although he would still support renewable energy projects, he believes it is more important to restructure societies to reduce energy use before relying on renewable energy technologies alone.
Critique of Green economics.
Kovel believes that eco-socialists must reject at a fundamental level what he calls "ecological economics" or the "ecological wing of mainstream economics" for being "uninterested in social transformation". He furthers rejects the Neo-Smithian school, who believe in Adam Smith's vision of "a capitalism of small producers, freely exchanging with each other", which is self-regulating and competitive. The school is represented by thinkers like David Korten who believe in "regulated markets" checked by government and civil society but, for Kovel, they do not provide a critique of the expansive nature of capitalism away from localised production and ignore "questions of class, gender or any other category of domination". Kovel also criticises their "fairy-tale" view of history, which refers to the abuse of "natural capital" by the materialism of the Scientific Revolution, an assumption that, in Kovel's eyes, seems to suggest that "nature had toiled to put the gift of capital into human hands", rather than capitalism being a product of social relations in human history.
Other forms of Community-based economics are also rejected by Kovel, including followers of E. F. Schumacher and some members of the Cooperative movement, for advocating "no more than a very halting and isolated first step". He thinks that their principles are "only partially realizable within the institutions of cooperatives in capitalist society" because "the internal cooperation" of cooperatives is "forever hemmed in and compromised" by the need to expand value and compete within the market. For Kovel, Community-based economics and Green Localism are "a fantasy" because "strict localism belongs to the aboriginal stages of society" and would be an "ecological nightmare at present population levels" due to "heat loses from a multitude of dispersed sites, the squandering of scarce resources, the needless reproduction of effort, and cultural impoverishment". While he feels that small-scale production units are "an essential part of the path towards an ecological society", he sees them not as "an end in itself"; in his view, small enterprises can be either capitalist or socialist in their configuration and therefore must be "consistently anti-capitalist", through recognition and support of the emancipation of labour, and exist "in a dialectic with the whole of things", as human society will need large-scale projects, such as transport infrastructures. He highlights the work of Herman Daly, who exemplifies what eco-socialists see as the good and bad points of ecological economics – while he offers a critique of capitalism and a desire for "workers ownership", he only believes in workers ownership "kept firmly within a capitalist market", ignoring the eco-socialist desire for struggle in the emancipation of labour and hoping that the interests of labour and management today can be improved so that they are "in harmony".
Critique of Deep Ecology.
Kovel has attacked deep ecology because, like other forms of Green politics and Green economics, it features "virtuous souls" who have "no internal connection with the critique of capitalism and the emancipation of labor". He is particularly scathing about deep ecology and its "fatuous pronouncement" that Green politics is "neither left nor right, but ahead", which, for him, ignores the notion that "that which does not confront the system becomes its instrument".
Even more scathingly, Kovel suggests that in "its effort to decentre humanity within nature", deep ecologists can "go too far" and argue for the "splitting away of unwanted people", as evidenced by their desire to preserve wilderness by removing the groups that have lived there "from time immemorial". Kovel thinks that this lends legitimacy to "capitalist elites", like the US State Department and the World Bank, who can make preservation of wilderness a part of their projects that "have added value as sites for ecotourism" but remove people from their land. Between 1986 and 1996, Kovel notes that over three million people were displaced by "conservation projects"; in the making of the US National Parks, three hundred Shoshone Indians were killed in the development of Yosemite. Kovel believes that deep ecology has affected the rest of the Green movement and led to calls from restrictions on immigration, "often allying with reactionaries in a... cryptically racist quest". Indeed, he finds traces of deep ecology in the "biological reduction" of Nazism, an ideology many "organicist thinkers" have found appealing, including Herbert Gruhl, a founder of the German Green Party (who subsequently left when it became more Left-wing) and originator of the phrase "neither left nor right, but ahead". Kovel warns that, while 'ecofascism' is confined to a narrow band of far right intellectuals and disaffected white power skinheads who involved themselves alongside far left groups in the anti-globalization movement, it may be "imposed as a revolution from above to install an authoritarian regime in order to preserve the main workings of the system" in times of crisis.
Critique of bioregionalism.
Bioregionalism, a philosophy developed by writers like Kirkpatrick Sale who believe in the self-sufficiency of "appropriate bioregional boundaries" drawn up by inhabitants of "an area", has been critiqued by Kovel, who fears that the "vagueness" of the area will lead to conflict and further boundaries between communities. While Sale cites the bioregional living of Native Americans, Kovel notes that such ideas are impossible to translate to populations of modern proportions, and evidences the fact that Native Americans held land in commons, rather than private property – thus, for eco-socialists, bioregionalism provides no understanding of what is needed to transform society, and what the inevitable "response of the capitalist state" would be to people constructing bioregionalism.
Kovel also attacks the problems of self-sufficiency. Where Sale believes in self-sufficient regions "each developing the energy of its peculiar ecology", such as "wood in the northwest ", Kovel asks "how on earth" these can be made sufficient for regional needs, and notes the environmental damage of converting Seattle into a "forest-destroying and smoke-spewing wood-burning" city. Kovel also questions Sale's insistence on bioregions that do "not require connections with the outside, but within strict limits", and whether this precludes journeys to visit family members and other forms of travel.
Critique of variants of eco-feminism.
Kovel acknowledges the importance of "the gendered bifurcation of nature" and supports the emancipation of gender as it "is at the root of patriarchy and class". Nevertheless, while he believes that "any path out of capitalism must also be eco-feminist", he criticises types of ecofeminism that are not anti-capitalist and can "essentialize women's closeness to nature and build from there, submerging history into nature", becoming more at place in the "comforts of the New Age Growth Centre". These limitations, for Kovel, "keep ecofeminism from becoming a coherent social movement".
Critique of Social Ecology.
Though Kovel recognises Social Ecology as part of a similar radical tradition as eco-socialism, he still distinguishes one from the other because Social Ecologists see hierarchy "in-itself" as the cause of ecological destruction, whereas eco-socialists focus on gender and class domination embodied in capitalism and recognise that forms of authority that are not "an expropriation of human power for... self-aggrandizement", such as a student-teacher relationship that is "reciprocal and mutual", are beneficial. In practice, Kovel describes Social Ecology as continuing the anarchist tradition of non-violent direct action, which is "necessary" but "not sufficient" because "it leaves unspoken the question of building an ecological society beyond capital". Furthermore, Social Ecologists and anarchists tend to focus on the state alone, rather than the class relations behind state domination (in the view of Marxists). Kovel fears that this is political, springing from historic hostility to Marxism among anarchists and sectarianism, which he points out as a fault of the "brilliant" but "dogmatic" founder of Social Ecology, Murray Bookchin.
Critique of 'Actually Existing Socialisms'.
For Kovel and Lowy, eco-socialism is "the realization of the 'first-epoch' socialisms" by resurrecting the notion of "free development of all producers", distancing themselves from "the attenuated, reformist aims of social democracy and the productivist structures of the bureaucratic variations of socialism", such as forms of Leninism and Stalinism. They ground the failure of past socialist movements in "underdevelopment in the context of hostility by existing capitalist powers", which led to "the denial of internal democracy" and "emulation of capitalist productivism". Kovel believes that the forms of "actually existing socialism" consisted of "public ownership of the means of production", rather than meeting "the true definition" of socialism as "a free association of producers", with the Party-State bureaucracy acting as the "alienating substitute 'public'".
In analysing the Russian Revolution, Kovel feels that "conspiratorial" revolutionary movements "cut off from the development of society" will "find society an inert mass requiring leadership from above". From this, he notes that the anti-democratic Tsarist heritage meant that the Bolsheviks, who were aided into power by World War One, were a minority who, when faced with a counter-revolution and invading Western powers, continued "the extraordinary needs of 'war communism'", which "put the seal of authoritarianism" on the revolution; thus, for Kovel, Lenin and Trotsky "resorted to terror", shut down the Soviets (workers' councils) and emulated "capitalist efficiency and productivism as a means of survival", setting the stage for Stalinism. Lenin, in Kovel's eyes, came to oppose the nascent Bolshevik environmentalism and its champion Aleksandr Bogdanov, who was later attacked for "idealism"; Kovel describes Lenin's philosophy as "a sharply dualistic materialism, rather similar to the Cartesian separation of matter and consciousness, and perfectly tooled... to the active working over of the dead, dull matter by the human hand", which led him to want to overcome Russian backwardness through rapid industrialization. This tendency was, according to Kovel, augmented by a desire to catch-up with the West and the "severe crisis" of the revolution's first years. Furthermore, Kovel quotes Trotsky, who believed in a Communist "superman" who would "learn how to move rivers and mountains". Kovel believes that, in Stalin's "revolution from above" and mass terror in response to the early 1930s economic crisis, Trotsky's writings "were given official imprimatur", despite the fact that Trotsky himself was eventually purged, as Stalinism attacked "the very notion of ecology... in addition to ecologies". Kovel adds that Stalin "would win the gold medal for enmity to nature", and that, in the face of massive environmental degradation, the inflexible Soviet bureaucracy became increasingly inefficient and unable to emulate capitalist accumulation, leading to a "vicious cycle" that led to its collapse.
Strategies.
Kovel advocates the non-violent dismantling of capitalism and the state, focusing on collective ownership of the means of production by freely associated producers and restoration of the Commons.
Agency.
Kovel focuses on working-class involvement in the formation of eco-socialist parties or their increased involvement in existing Green Parties; however, he believes that, unlike many other forms of socialist analysis, "there is no privileged agent" or revolutionary class, and that there is potential for agency in numerous autonomous, grassroots individuals and groups who can build "prefigurative" projects for non-violent radical social change. He defines "prefiguration" as "the potential for the given to contain the lineaments of what is to be", meaning that "a moment toward the future exists embedded in every point of the social organism where a need arises". If "everything has prefigurative potential", Kovel notes that forms of potential ecological production will be "scattered", and thus suggests that "the task is to free them and connect them". While all "human ecosystems" have "ecosocialist potential", Kovel points out that ones such as the World Bank have low potential, whereas internally democratic anti-globalization "affinity groups" have a high potential through a dialectic that involves the "active bringing and holding together of negations", such as the group acting as an alternative institution ("production of an ecological/socialist alternative") and trying to shut down a G8 summit meeting ("resistance to capital"). Therefore "practices that in the same motion enhance use-values and diminish exchange-values are the ideal" for eco-socialists.
Prefiguration.
For Kovel, the main prefigurative steps "are that people ruthlessly criticize the capitalist system... and that they include in this a consistent attack on the widespread belief that there can be no alternative to it", which will then "deligitimate the system and release people into struggle". Kovel justifies this by stating that "radical criticism of the given... can be a material force", even without an alternative, "because it can seize the mind of the masses of people", leading to "dynamic" and "exponential", rather than "incremental" and "linear", victories that spread rapidly. Following this, he advocates the expansion of the dialectical eco-socialist potential of groups through sustaining the confrontation and internal cohesion of human ecosystems, leading to an "activation" of potentials in others that will "spread across the whole social field" as "a new set of orienting principles" that define an ideology or "'party-life' formation".
In the short-term, Kovel advocates activities that have the “promise of breaking down the commodity form”. This includes organizing labor, which is a “reconfiguring of the use-value of labor power”; forming cooperatives, allowing “a relatively free association of labor”; forming localised currencies, which he sees as “undercutting the value-basis of money”; and supporting “radical media” that, in his eyes, involve an “undoing of the fetishism of commodities”. He advocates economic localisation in the same vein as many in the Green movement, although only as a prefigurative step rather than an end in itself. He also advises political parties attempting to “democratize the state” that there should be “dialogue but no compromise” with established political parties, and that there must be “a continual association of electoral work with movement work” to avoid “being sucked back into the system”. Such parties, he believes, should focus on “the local rungs of the political system” first, before running national campaigns that “challenge the existing system by the elementary means of exposing its broken promises”.
Kovel believes in building prefigurations around forms of production based on use values, which will provide a practical vision of a post-capitalist, post-statist system. Such projects include Indymedia ("a democratic rendering of the use-values of new technologies such as the Internet, and a continual involvement in wider struggle"), open-source software, Wikipedia, public libraries and many other initiatives, especially those developed within the anti-globalisation movement.
Internationalization of prefiguration and the 'Eco-socialist Party'.
Kovel believes that examples like the Christian Bruderhof Communities (despite elements of patriarchy that he attacks) show that "communistic" organizations can "survive rather well in a heavily industrialized market" if they are "protected" from the dependence on the market by "anti-capitalist intentionality". He further posits that class struggle is "internationalized in the face of globalization", as evidenced by a wave of strikes across the Global South in the first half of the year 2000; indeed, he says that "labor's most cherished values are already immanently ecocentric". Kovel therefore thinks that these universalizing tendencies must lead to the formation of "a consciously 'Ecosocialist Party'" that is neither like a parliamentary or vanguardist party. Instead, Kovel advocates a form of political party "grounded in communities of resistance", where delegates from these communities form the core of the party's activists, and these delegates and the "open and transparent" assembly they form are subject to recall and regular rotation of members. He holds up the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN) and the Gaviotas movement as examples of such communities, which "are produced outside capitalist circuits" and show that "there can be no single way valid for all peoples". Nonetheless, he also firmly believes in connecting these movements, stating that "ecosocialism will be international or it will be nothing" and hoping that the Ecosocialist Party can retain the autonomy of local communities while supporting them materially. With an ever-expanding party, Kovel hopes that "defections" by capitalists will occur, leading eventually to the armed forces and police who, in joining the revolution, will signify that "the turning point is reached".
Eco-socialist revolution.
Kovel uses the term “Eco-socialist revolution” to describe the transition to an eco-socialist world society. In the immediate socio-political transition, he believes that four groups will emerge from the revolution – revolutionaries, those “whose productive activity is directly compatible with ecological production” (such as nurses, schoolteachers, librarians, independent farmers and many other examples), those “whose pre-revolutionary practice was given over to capital” (including the bourgeoisie, advertising executives and more) and “the workers whose activity added surplus value to capitalist commodities”. In terms of political organisation, he advocates an “interim assembly” made up of the revolutionaries that can “devise incentives to make sure that vital functions are maintained” (such as short-term continuation of “differential remuneration” for labor), “handle the redistribution of social roles and assets”, convene “in widespread locations”, and send delegates to regional, state, national and international organisations, where every level has an “executive council” that is rotated and can be recalled. From there, he asserts that “productive communities” will “form the political as well as economic unit of society” and “organize others” to make a transition to eco-socialist production; he adds that people will be allowed to be members of any community they choose with “associate membership” of others, such as a doctor having main membership of healthcare communities as a doctor and associate membership of child-rearing communities as a father. Each locality would, in Kovel’s eyes, require one community that administered the areas of jurisdiction through an elected assembly. High-level assemblies would have additional “supervisory” roles over localities to monitor the development of ecosystemic integrity, and administer “society-wide services” like transport in “state-like functions”, before the interim assembly can transfer responsibilities to “the level of the society as a whole through appropriate and democratically responsive committees”.
Transnational trade and capital reform.
Part of the eco-socialist transition, in Kovel’s eyes, is the reforming money to retain its use in “enabling exchanges” while reducing its functions as “a commodity in its own right” and “repository of value”. He argues for directing money to “enhancement of use-values” through a “subsidization of use-values” that “preserves the functioning core of the economy while gaining time and space for rebuilding it”. Internationally, he believes in the immediate cessation of speculation in currencies (“breaking down the function of money as commodity, and redirecting funds on use-values”), the cancellation of the debt of the Global South (“breaking the back of the value function” of money) and the redirecting the “vast reservoir of mainly phony value” to reparations and “ecologically sound development”. He suggests the end of military aid and other forms of support to “comprador elites in the South” will eventually “lead to their collapse”.
In terms of trade, Kovel advocates a ‘World People’s Trade Organization’ (WPTO), “responsible to a confederation of popular bodies”, in which “the degree of control over trade is... proportional to involvement with production”, meaning that “farmers would have a special say over food trade” and so on. He posits that the WPTO should have an elected council that will oversee a reform of prices in favour of an ‘Ecological Price’ (EP) “determined by the difference between actual use-values and fully realized ones”, thus having low tariffs for forms of ecological production like organic agriculture; he also envisages the high tariffs on non-ecological production providing subsidies to ecological production units. The EP would also internalize the costs of current externalities (like pollution) and “would be set as a function of the distance traded”, reducing the effects of long-distance transport like carbon emissions and increased packaging of goods. He thinks that this will provide a “standard of transformation” for non-ecological industries, like the automobile industry, thus spurring changes towards ecological production.
Ecological production.
Kovel pursues "ecological production" that goes beyond the socialist vision of the emancipation of labor to "the realization of use-values and the appropriation of intrinsic value". He envisions a form of production in which "the making of a thing becomes part of the thing made" so that, using a high quality meal as an analogy, "pleasure would obtain for the cooking of the meal" – thus activities "reserved as hobbies under capitalism" would "compose the fabric of everyday life" under eco-socialism. This, for Kovel, is achieved if labor is "freely chosen and developed... with a fully realized use-value" achieved by a "negation" of exchange-value, and he exemplifies the Food Not Bombs project for adopting this. He believes that the notion of "mutual recognition... for the process as well as the product" will avoid exploitation and hierarchy. With production allowing humanity to "live more directly and receptively embedded in nature", Kovel predicts that "a reorientation of human need" will occur that recognises ecological limits and sees technology as "fully participant in the life of eco-systems", thus removing it from profit-making exercises.
In the course on an Eco-socialist revolution, Kovel advocates the “rapid conversion to ecosocialist production” for all enterprises, followed by “restoring ecosystemic integrity to the workplace” through steps like workers ownership. He then believes that the new enterprises can build “socially developed plans” of production for societal needs, such as efficient light-rail transport components. At the same time, Kovel argues for the transformation of essential but, under capitalism, non-productive labour, such as child care, into productive labour, “thereby giving reproductive labour a status equivalent to productive labour”. During such a transition, he believes that income should be guaranteed and that money will still be used under “new conditions of value… according to use and to the degree to which ecosystem integrity is developed and advanced by any particular production”. Within this structure, Kovel asserts that markets will become unnecessary – although “market phenomena” in personal exchanges and other small instances might be adopted – and communities and elected assemblies will democratically decide on the allocation of resources.
Kovel is quick to assert that the focus on “production” does not mean that there will be an increase in production and labor under Eco-socialism. He thinks that the emancipation of labor and the realization of use-value will allow “the spheres of work and culture to be reintegrated”. He cites the example of Paraguayan Indian communities (organised by Jesuits) in the 18th century who made sure that all community members learned musical instruments, and had labourers take musical instruments to the fields and takes turns playing music or harvesting.
Commons, property and ‘usufruct’.
Kovel focuses on a modified version of the notion of ‘Usufruct’ to replace capitalist private property arrangements. As a legal term, Usufruct refers to the legal right to use and derive profit or benefit from property that belongs to another person, as long as the property is not damaged. According to Kovel, a modern interpretation of the idea is “where one uses, enjoys – and through that, improves – another’s property”, as its Latin etymology “condenses the two meanings of use – as in use-value, and enjoyment – and as in the gratification expressed in freely associated labour”. The idea, according to Kovel, has roots in the Code of Hammurabi and was first mentioned in Roman law “where it applied to ambiguities between masters and slaves with respect to property”; it also features in Islamic Sharia law, Aztec law and the Napoleonic Code.
Kovel highlights the fact that Marx mentioned the idea when he stated that human beings are no more than the planet’s “usufructaries, and, like "boni patres familias", they must hand it down to succeeding generations in an improved condition”. Kovel has taken on this reading, asserting that, in an eco-socialist society, “everyone will have... rights of use and ownership over those means of production necessary to express the creativity of human nature”, namely “a place of one’s own” to decorate to personal taste, some personal possessions, the body and its attendant sexual and reproductive rights. However, Kovel sees property as “self-contradictory” because individuals emerge “in a tissue of social relations” and “nested circles”, with the self at the centre and extended circles where “issues of sharing arise from early childhood on”. He believes that “the full self is enhanced more by giving than by taking” and that eco-socialism is realized when material possessions weigh “lightly” upon the self – thus restoration of use-value allows things to be taken “concretely and sensuously” but “lightly, since things are enjoyed for themselves and not as buttresses for a shaky ego”. This, for Kovel, reverses what Marxists see as the commodity fetishism and atomization of individuals (through the “unappeasable craving” for “having and excluding others from having”) under capitalism. Under eco-socialism, he therefore believes that enhancement of use-value will lead to differentiated ownership between the individual and the collective, where there are “distinct limits on the amount of property individuals control” and no-one can take control of resources that “would permit the alienation of means of production from another”. He then hopes that the “hubris” of the notion of “ownership of the planet” will be replaced with usufruct.
Non-violence.
Kovel asserts that "violence is the rupturing of ecosystems" and is therefore "deeply contrary to ecosocialist values". He believes that revolutionary movements must prepare for post-revolutionary violence from counter-revolutionary sources by "prior development of the democratic sphere" within the movement, because "to the degree that people are capable of self-government, so will they turn away from violence and retribution" for "a self-governed people cannot be pushed around by any alien government". It is therefore essential, in Kovel's view, that the revolution "takes place in" or spreads quickly to the USA, which "is capital's gendarme and will crush any serious threat", and that revolutionaries reject the death penalty and retribution against former opponents or counter-revolutionaries.
Criticism.
Writing in "Capitalism Nature Socialism", Doug Boucher, Peter Caplan, David Schwartzman and Jane Zara criticise eco-socialists in general (and Kovel in particular) for a deterministic "catastrophism" that overlooks "the countervailing tendencies of both popular struggles and the efforts of capitalist governments to rationalize the system" and the "accomplishments of the labor movement" that "demonstrate that despite the interests and desires of capitalists, progress toward social justice is possible". They argue that an ecological socialism must be "built on hope, not fear".
Controversies.
In June 2008, The University of Michigan Press severed ties with the British independent publishing firm, Pluto Press for which it served as the American distributor. The decision came after a series of events tied to the distribution of Kovel's 2007 book "Overcoming Zionism" which argues "that the creation of Israel was a mistake and urges adoption of the "one state" solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in which Israelis and Palestinians would form a new country, without a Jewish character." According to University Spokeswoman Kelly Cunningham, The University of Michigan Press stopped distributing the book in the Fall of 2007, after "serious questions" were raised about the book by "members of the university community." Later in September, The University of Michigan Press announced that it would resume distribution of "Overcoming Zionism" after receiving complaints that it was conducting censorship. The Executive Board of The University of Michigan Press asserted in a statement that though it, "has deep reservations about "Overcoming Zionism", it would be a blow against free speech to remove the book from distribution on that basis. We conclude that we should not fail to honor our distribution agreement based on our reservations about the content of a single book. Such a course raises both First Amendment issues and concerns about the appearance of censorship. As members of the university community dedicated to academic freedom and open debate among differing views, the Executive Board stands firmly for freedom of expression, and against even the appearance of censorship. In this instance, both legal and value considerations lead us to the decision to resume distribution of the book." At the same time, The University of Michigan Press also stated that, "had the manuscript gone through the standard review process used by the University of Michigan Press, the board would not have recommended publication. But the arrangement with Pluto Press is for distribution only; the UM Press never intended to review individually every title published by Pluto (or any other press for which it holds distribution rights). By resuming distribution, the board in no way endorses the content of the book."

</doc>
<doc id="5919323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919323" title="Ashland Daily Tidings">
Ashland Daily Tidings

The Ashland Daily Tidings is a morning newspaper serving the city of Ashland, Oregon, United States. Like its sister publication, the Medford-based "Mail Tribune," it is part of the Local Media Group chain.
The "Daily Tidings" is distributed Monday through Saturday mornings (Saturday afternoon publication was changed under Editor Andrew Scot Bolsinger in 2004; Circulation Director Ed Rose changed the Daily Tidings from afternoon production to morning in December, 2010). It is one of Oregon's smallest-circulation dailies, along with the "Baker City Herald" in the state's northeast region. In 2006 the "Daily Tidings" was awarded the "General Excellence" prize by the Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association.
On September 4, 2013, News Corp announced that it would sell the Dow Jones Local Media Group to Newcastle Investment Corp.—an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group, for $87 million. The newspapers will be operated by GateHouse Media, a newspaper group owned by Fortress. News Corp. CEO and former "Wall Street Journal" editor Robert James Thomson indicated that the newspapers were "not strategically consistent with the emerging portfolio" of the company. GateHouse in turn filed prepackaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy on September 27, 2013, to restructure its debt obligations in order to accommodate the acquisition.

</doc>
<doc id="5919324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919324" title="Ebergar">
Ebergar

Ebergar (also Everger) (died June 11, 999) was the Archbishop of Cologne, Germany, from 984 to 998.
Biography.
Ebergar's origins are not known. Before becoming Archbishop, Ebergar was a member of the Cathedral Chapter.
Ebergar became the Archbishop of Cologne in 984. In 988 the Lord of Rodenkirchen gave to Cologne the Abbacy of St. Martin. In 991 he organised the funeral of the Empress Theophanu. 
He died on 11 June 999 and was buried in the Cathedral of Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="5919335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919335" title="Herman Gummerus">
Herman Gummerus

Herman Gregorius Gummerus (24 December 1877, Saint Petersburg – 18 July 1948, Helsinki) was a leading Finnish classical scholar, diplomat, and one of the founders of the Patriotic People's Movement (IKL).
Early life.
Born in Saint Petersburg into a Swedish speaking family, Gummerus became an expert on the economy and society of Ancient Rome, and lectured at the University of Helsinki from 1911 to 1920 and again from 1926 to 1947. He initially studied in Helsinki, and then specialized in ancient history under the direction of Eduard Meyer in the University of Berlin.
Career.
Academic.
His studies on Rome were particularly concerned with rural life in the later period of the empire, a subject upon which he wrote widely. Gummerus' doctoral dissertation "Der römische Gutsbetrieb als wirtschaftlicher Organismus nach den Werken des Cato, Varro und Columella" (1906) examined large Roman estates using mainly literary sources. He further examined the economic system of the Roman empire in an article ("Industrie und Handel", RE IX (1916), coll. 1381–1535) published in the Pauly–Wissowa classical encyclopedia, this time systematically using Archeological artifacts in his study. Gummerus' technique predated the work of Michael Rostovtzeff by a decade.
Political.
An early advocate of Finnish independence, Gummerus was imprisoned for this in 1904, spending time in Peter and Paul Fortress. He went on to edit the journal "Framtid" and before forming the anti-Russification Wetterhof Bureau (later Finnish Bureau) in Germany in 1915. After independence had been achieved Gummerus was appointed to posts in Stockholm and Kiev, where he had exteneded his anti-Russian activity and where he helped set up a legation during Ukraine's brief independence. He became Ambassador to Rome in 1920 (a post he held until 1925) and developed an admiration for the growing fascist movement whilst in Italy. 
On his return to Finland, and with the leaders of the Lapua Movement mostly imprisoned, he joined with Erkki Räikkönen, a fellow Swedish-speaker, and Vilho Annala to form IKL as a slightly more moderate continuation. Driven by an inherent conservatism, Gummerus desired an electoral alliance with the National Coalition Party but soon found that the rank and file of IKL had no interest in this. IKL also adopted a strong position on the importance of the Finnish language, following the lead of the Academic Karelia Society and further isolating the Swedish-speaking Gummerus. He finally left the movement in 1934 and took no further role in active politics. 
Despite his linguistic identity Gummerus went on to criticize Sweden, attacking the "Blue Book" of former Swedish foreign minister Johannes Hellner, which claimed that Sweden had only been interested in cultivating Finland as a good neighbour in the Åland crisis. Gummerus argued that, whilst this may have been the case, Swedish attitudes towards the newly independent country where such that a state of mistrust and suspicion was engendered between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="5919336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919336" title="River Wiske">
River Wiske

The River Wiske is a river in the county of Yorkshire, England and is a tributary of the River Swale. The Wiske gives its name to several of the villages it passes through. The name Wiske is derived from an Old English word "wisca" meaning a water meadow.
The river is maintained by the River Wiske Internal Drainage Board, which is part of the Shires Group of IDBs. It lies within the National Character Areas (NCA) of the Vale of Mowbray and the Tees Lowlands.
Course.
The river becomes the Wiske at the confluence of Carr Beck and Stony Lane Beck south of the village of Ingleby Arncliffe close to the Tontine Bridge where the A19 and A172 roads diverge. It flows north in a series of meanders as far as East Rounton where it turns north-easterly and then easterly past Appleton Wiske. The river continues to flow easterly until just after passing under the A167 road where it turns south. It follows a southerly and south-south-west direction towards Danby Wiske and then south again between Yafforth and Northallerton. The river then alternates between a southerly and south-south-westerly direction until Kirby Wiske, where it turns south-east to join the River Swale.
Geology.
The River Wiske is underlain by a range of geological deposits, including undifferentiated sandstone, conglomerate, undifferentiated mudstone, siltstone and sandstone from the Triassic period, and the Lias group consisting of mudstone, siltstone, limestone and sandstone from the 
Mesozoic period.
Natural history.
There are four areas of non-statutory Nature Conservation Sites along the river, Middlebrough plantation just outside of Newby Wiske; Stony Lane Pond near the confluence of Stony Lane Beck and Carr Beck; Pepper Arden Bottoms near East Cowton and Pheasantry Wood and Fox Covert near Danby Wiske.
The river passes through farmland bounded by hedgerows with some wet woodland near Kirby Wiske and some grassland near Newby Wiske. Biodiversity audits carried out in 2010 found Water Vole on the river between Danby Wiske and Brompton Beck. Otters were found on the river between North Otterington and Kirby Wiske. Soprano Pipistrelle and Brown long-eared bat were also found in the area along with Kingfisher, Reed Bunting and Lapwing.
Sources.
Ordnance Survey Open Data [http://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/oswebsite/opendata/viewer/]

</doc>
<doc id="5919341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919341" title="Butyne">
Butyne

Butyne may refer to either of two isomeric organic chemical compounds:

</doc>
<doc id="5919349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919349" title="Kō Machida">
Kō Machida

History.
Machida formed a punk rock band called Inu (meaning "dog" in Japanese) in 1978, for which he used the stage name Machida Machizō (町田町蔵). Inu released their first album, "Meshi Kuuna!" (literary "Don't eat food!") in 1981. The band split shortly after the album release. He went on to form a number of bands and released several albums. His albums earned reasonable critical acclaims but the commercial success was limited.
His first literary work, "Kūge", was published in 1992, and included a selection of his poems. His first novel, "Gussun Daikoku", was published in 1996. It earned him the Bunkamura Deux Magots Literary Award. His unique style of story-telling marked by non-sense, irrelevance and slapstick is influenced by Kamigata (Kansai) Rakugo and Jidaigeki (samurai dramas). Some critics link him to self-destructive I Novel writers before the World War II such as Kamura Isota and Chikamatsu Shūkō. Oda Sakunosuke is also cited as his influencer.
He won the 123rd Akutagawa Prize with "Kiregire" ("Shreds") in 2000 and the Tanizaki Prize with "Kokuhaku" ("Confession") in 2005.
On June 14, 2007, Machida got into an argument with his friend and rock musician Tomoyasu Hotei about a band they planned on forming together. There was a physical altercation and after learning that his injuries would take two weeks to heal, Machida filed a police report on June 18. Hotei was ordered to pay a fine of 300,000 yen on October 1.
Discography.
Albums
Singles
Filmography (Selected).
He played major roles in the following films.

</doc>
<doc id="5919359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919359" title="2010 NFL season">
2010 NFL season

The 2010 NFL season was the 91st regular season of the National Football League.
The regular season began with the NFL Kickoff game on NBC on Thursday, September 9, at the Louisiana Superdome as the New Orleans Saints, Super Bowl XLIV champions, defeated the Minnesota Vikings 14–9.
Tom Brady, quarterback of the New England Patriots, was named MVP for the 2010 season. In Super Bowl XLV, the League's championship game played at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, the Green Bay Packers defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers 31–25 to win their fourth Super Bowl. spoiling the Steelers chance for a 7th title. This season also marked the first full-length season in which a team with a losing record made the playoffs, when the Seattle Seahawks won the NFC West with a 7–9 record, after defeating the St. Louis Rams in week 17 to clinch the division title. One week later, the Seahawks dethroned the defending champion New Orleans Saints in the Wild Card round, to become the first ever sub .500 playoff team to win a postseason game.
Schedule.
The 2010 regular season is the first year that the league will use a modified version of the scheduling formula that was first introduced in , in which all teams will play each other at least once every four years, and will play in every other team's stadium at least once every eight years (notwithstanding the regular season games played overseas as part of the NFL International Series). Under the original 2002 formula, since the pairings were strictly based on alphabetical order, those teams scheduled to play all the AFC West clubs had to travel to both Oakland and San Diego in the same season, while those clubs playing the entire NFC West had to make their way to both San Francisco and Seattle. In , the New England Patriots and New York Jets each had to make cross-country trips to "all four" of the aforementioned West Coast teams. In an effort to relieve east coast teams from having to travel to the West Coast multiple times during the same season, clubs would only have to visit one West Coast team (AFC West or NFC West), plus one western team from the same division closer to the Midwest, under the 2010 modified formula. Specifically, those clubs traveling to Oakland will now also play at Denver, while those playing at San Diego will also play at Kansas City. For teams scheduled to play the NFC West, those traveling to San Francisco will also go to Arizona, while those scheduled to play in Seattle will also go to St. Louis.
For the 2010 season, the intraconference and interconference matchups are:
Intraconference
Interconference
The entire 2010 regular-season schedule was unveiled at 7:00 pm EDT on Tuesday, April 20. Additionally, schedule release shows aired on both the NFL Network and as a SportsCenter special on ESPN2.
Draft.
The league's 75th annual selection meeting, more commonly known as the NFL Draft, took place at Radio City Music Hall in New York City from April 22–24, the first time that the draft was held over three days instead of the normal two.
Preseason.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame Game was held on Sunday, August 8, 2010 at 8:00 pm EDT on NBC, with the Dallas Cowboys defeating the Cincinnati Bengals, 16–7 at Fawcett Stadium in Canton, Ohio. The remainder of the preseason game matchups were announced March 31, 2010. Highlights, among others, include the New York Giants and New York Jets facing off in the first-ever game at New Meadowlands Stadium on ESPN. The preseason game in the Bills Toronto Series featured the host Bills defeating the Indianapolis Colts in Toronto on Thursday, August 19 by a score of 34–21. Exact dates and times for most games were announced in April, shortly after the regular season games were announced.
Regular season.
Opening weekend.
The NFL Kickoff Game, the first game of the season, took place on Thursday, September 9, 2010, starting at 8:35 pm EDT, with the Super Bowl XLIV champion New Orleans Saints hosting the Minnesota Vikings, in a rematch of the 2009 NFC Championship Game. The Saints won 14–9. Like in previous years, the opening week's prime-time games were expected to be announced at the NFL's annual owners meetings in late March, but that wasn't the case this year, with the schedule announced on April 20.
On March 15, 2010, the NFL announced that both the New York Giants and New York Jets will play at home during the opening weekend to open New Meadowlands Stadium. The Giants played on Sunday with a 1 pm EDT kickoff against the Carolina Panthers and the Jets opened ESPN's Monday Night Football schedule against the Baltimore Ravens the next night. For the nightcap, the San Diego Chargers traveled to play their division rival, the Kansas City Chiefs, marking the first time that a team from outside the Mountain or Pacific Time Zones has played in, or hosted, the "late" (10:15 pm ET) game. The game started at 9:15 pm Kansas City time (Central).
No undefeated teams after Week Five.
While the Indianapolis Colts and New Orleans Saints had both started the year before 13–0 (with the Colts even going 14–0), on October 10, the Kansas City Chiefs became the last team to lose, losing to the Colts 19–9. It would mark the first time that no NFL team reached 4–0 since 1970, when the Detroit Lions, Denver Broncos, and Los Angeles Rams started the season 3–0 but all lost in Week 4.
International play.
The 2010 season featured one International Series game, played at Wembley Stadium in London. The teams for this game were confirmed on January 15, 2010, with the San Francisco 49ers playing host to the Denver Broncos on October 31, 2010, at 1:00 pm EDT (5:00 pm GMT). The 49ers won 24–16, scoring 21 points in the 4th quarter. CBS televised this game on a regional basis, as the Broncos were the "visiting" team. The Kansas City Chiefs and Seattle Seahawks, who had expressed interest in previous games, were a possible matchup for a second NFL game (with the Seahawks as the home team), but league officials dropped a plan for two games in the UK, citing the economy and ongoing labor negotiations.
The following week, the third regular-season game of the Bills Toronto Series featured the Buffalo Bills hosting the Chicago Bears at Toronto's Rogers Centre on November 7 at 1 pm EST, marking the first time that the regular-season portion of the series has taken place during the Canadian Football League season and the first time an NFC opponent played in the series.
NFL vs. World Series Game 4.
On the same day that the Broncos and 49ers played in London, the Saints hosted the Pittsburgh Steelers on NBC's Sunday Night Football. This game was televised opposite Game Four of the World Series on Fox, a practice the league had traditionally avoided. The Saints won this game 20–10.
Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The Thanksgiving games took place on Thursday, November 25, 2010, with the Detroit Lions falling to the visiting New England Patriots, 45–24. The second game featured the Dallas Cowboys giving up a late lead to the New Orleans Saints. New Orleans won 30–27 when Saints quarterback Drew Brees threw a go-ahead touchdown to Lance Moore with less than two minutes remaining. In the prime-time NFL Network game, the New York Jets defeated the visiting Cincinnati Bengals, 26–10.
Both the Saints and Bengals made their first appearance in a Thanksgiving game; in the case of the Bengals, it also marked the first appearance of an AFC North team on Thanksgiving since 1998, when the Pittsburgh Steelers of what was known as the AFC Central played the Detroit Lions.
Additionally, since Christmas Day fell on a Saturday in 2010, the NFL scheduled a Christmas game between the Cowboys and the Arizona Cardinals in Glendale, Arizona on December 25 on NFL Network. The Cowboys came back from a 21–3 deficit behind third-string quarterback Stephen McGee to take a 26–24 lead late in the fourth quarter, but kicker David Buehler missed an extra point, allowing the Cardinals to win the game 27–26 on a last-second Jay Feely field goal.
Week 17: Division games only.
The entire Week 17 schedule, played on January 2, 2011, consisted solely of divisional contests, in an attempt to increase competition after several cases over the last few seasons of playoff-bound teams resting their regular starters and playing their reserves.
Regular season standings.
"Playoff seeds are marked in parentheses and shaded in green
Postseason.
The 2010–11 NFL playoff tournament began January 8–9, 2011 with wild card weekend. Following that, the divisional playoffs set the matchups for the NFC Championship Game, to be played at 3:00 pm EST on January 23, and the AFC Championship Game, to be played at 6:30 pm EST.
After a backlash from players and critics about the previous season's Pro Bowl being played at Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida in the contiguous United States, the 2011 Pro Bowl was played at Aloha Stadium in Halawa, Honolulu, Hawaii.
The date was January 30, 2011, the week before the Super Bowl. An NFL spokesman stated that "Plans for future Pro Bowls are not final." Indianapolis Colts President Bill Polian has stated his objections to the format, and is in favor of returning the game to after the Super Bowl as in previous years.
The annual Pro Bowl had previously been played in Hawaii for 30 consecutive seasons from 1980 to 2009. However, the NFL and State of Hawaii officials only agreed to a two-year deal to hold the Pro Bowl at Aloha Stadium in 2011 and 2012. This gives the option of playing the Pro Bowl in Hawaii on a rotational basis with the mainland, so it both maintains the traditional ties of holding it on the islands and providing accessibility to fans when played in the contiguous 48 states.
Super Bowl XLV, was held at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, on February 6, 2011, and was the NFL's final event of the 2010 season.
Labor issues.
NFL owners voted in 2008 to opt out of their collective bargaining agreement (CBA) with the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA) as of the end of the 2010 season. (The vote was 23 in favor, 9 against; the extension measure needed 24 to pass, which would have set the CBA to expire after the 2012 season). Since a new CBA was not reached with the NFLPA, 2010 was an uncapped season, meaning that there was no salary cap or salary floor between which teams had to operate. Also, the uncapped season limited unrestricted free agency only to players with at least six years of experience, as opposed to four under a capped season. The final eight teams alive in the 2009–10 NFL playoffs (Arizona, Dallas, Minnesota and New Orleans in the NFC; and Baltimore, Indianapolis, the New York Jets and San Diego in the AFC) were restricted in the free agents they would be able to sign.
The issue of a CBA continued into the 2011 NFL season, affecting most of the off-season. 
Rule changes.
The following rule changes were passed at the league's annual owners meeting in March:
Crowd noise.
The NFL relaxed all rules regarding crowd noise, citing the need to increase the in-stadium experience to lure more fans to attend games. In addition, the league cited the advances in the coach-to-quarterback radio communications, and more visiting teams using silent snap counts as an alternative to overcome crowd noise.
The NFL's rules to "legislate the fans", and help visiting offensive players hear the snap count, have been controversial from the start. In one notorious example, then-Cincinnati Bengals head coach Sam Wyche and then-quarterback Boomer Esiason "protested" the crowd noise rules during a 1989 nationally televised preseason game against the New Orleans Saints by constantly complaining to the referee about the loud crowd noise inside the Superdome.
The league will still allow stadiums to post visual noise meters and other scoreboard messages to incite fans to make noise, but they must cease when the play clock is down to 15 seconds. However, home teams are still prohibited from pumping in artificial noise.
Crackdown on illegal hits.
After several violent hits throughout the NFL made the news in Week 3, the league announced that it would consider suspending players for illegal hits, such as helmet-to-helmet hits or other blows to the head. (Previously, players could only be fined for such hits.) The league also instructed all officials and referees to have an even higher level of attention toward flagrant hits. Game officials were also instructed to err on the side of safety, and throw flags even when in doubt.
The crackdown has been controversial. Many defensive players have complained that the league is being too strict in their interpretation of what constitutes an "illegal hit", and that it forces them to behave significantly different than how they were taught to play the game. Another concern is the league's instructions to game officials to err on the side of caution, since questionable calls late in close games significantly affect their outcome. However, the medical community has supported the move, believing that it would help reduce concussions and other head injuries.
The league did not end up suspending any players for violent or illegal hits, however several players were fined for these types of hits within the first few weeks of the crackdown.
Super Bowl and conference logo, trophy changes.
Starting with Super Bowl XLV, the template of all Super Bowl logos will virtually remain the same. The only differences from year to year will be the stadium backdrop and the Roman numerals for the game as well as colors of the area. For Super Bowl XLV, Cowboys Stadium is featured and "XLV" signifying the forty-fifth Super Bowl game.
The NFL also introduced new Lamar Hunt and George Halas trophies for the AFC and NFC Championship games. The trophies were changed from a brown base with an 'A' or 'N' on top of it surrounded by players layered on a frieze upon a wall, to silver trophies in the make of a football. Additionally, both the NFC and AFC logos were revamped and recolored to reflect the current shield adopted two years earlier and with four stars running down the inside on both logos top to bottom from left to right instead of the six surrounding the AFC and three down the side of the NFC logo as each conference has four divisions. In addition, all event and playoff logos have undergone a complete makeover in a new logo system.
Uniforms.
In the 2010 season, the Washington Redskins were the only team who made a major change to their main uniforms, wearing gold pants with their burgundy jerseys, and except for a game against the Packers, wore them for home games instead of their white jerseys and red pants. The white pants were not abandoned entirely, and would be worn together with the burgundy jerseys for the two away games ( and one home game ) in which their opponent wore white at home. This was made possible with a sleeve modification, in which the broad yellow and white stripes were severely shrunken on an elastic band (same for white jerseys) so that when wearing the gold pants, the team also wore the retro style socks that had a different stripe pattern matching the sleeves of the day, so there is no longer a stripe design conflict.
The Green Bay Packers became the first team to officially unveil a third uniform for 2010, a throwback uniform based on their 1929 uniforms when they won their first NFL championship. The throwbacks are as accurate as possible while complying with current NFL guidelines, with a brown modern-shell helmet in place of the leather helmets of 1929, along with blue jerseys and gold circles with the jersey numbers nested within the circles, and brown pants. Like throwbacks worn in recent seasons by the San Diego Chargers, Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills, New York Jets, and the archrival Minnesota Vikings, these throwbacks will be a permanent addition to the Packers uniforms, unlike throwbacks worn by the Detroit Lions and Pittsburgh Steelers that were intended as one-time deals but made permanent, as well as several one-shot throwbacks in recent years. The new Packers throwbacks replace the previous throwbacks (which comprised the current helmets with the "G" logo and stripes removed, white jerseys with plain green lettering, and tan pants) worn sporadically since the early 2000s (decade).
Also going the throwback route were the Chicago Bears, who harkened back to the Sid Luckman era with a 1940's set, replacing the pumpkin orange third jerseys, and the Indianapolis Colts, who will wear throwbacks as well. Since the Colts only have two colors, they only have previously worn a throwback jersey once in their history, in . The difference between the 2004 throwback and the 2010 throwback is the helmet color, which reverses the 2004 scheme.
The Arizona Cardinals, who were the only team to not wear a third jersey in any form since the NFL allowed third jerseys in , unveiled a black third jersey to be worn in 2010.
The Philadelphia Eagles have adopted their championship uniforms that were worn September 12 against the Packers, the team they beat to win their last championship in celebration of the 50th anniversary of that game.
The Tennessee Titans returned to using navy blue jerseys as their third jersey, after a one-year hiatus in which they wore light blue Houston Oilers throwback jerseys in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the American Football League, but did not wear them for any game in 2010.
The Pittsburgh Steelers wore their throwbacks against the Cleveland Browns on October 17 and against the New England Patriots on November 14.
The Seattle Seahawks have retired the neon green uniform worn for one game in against Chicago, which was in turn an offshoot from an April Fools Day joke written about by Uni Watch founder Paul Lukas that year.
Media.
This is the fifth season under the current television contracts with the league's television partners: CBS (all AFC Sunday afternoon away games and one Thanksgiving game), Fox (all NFC Sunday afternoon away games and one Thanksgiving game), NBC (17 Sunday night games and the kickoff game), ESPN (17 Monday night games over sixteen weeks), NFL Network (eight late-season games on Thursday and Saturday nights, including one Thanksgiving game), and DirecTV's NFL Sunday Ticket package. These contracts run through at least 2013.
In national radio, this is the second year on Westwood One's most recent contract extension. The network also agreed to a four-year extension on December 23, 2010.
Nielsen Ratings for the fall 2010 television season have shown viewership increases of up to 10 percent for most of the NFL's broadcast partners; eighteen of the twenty most watched television broadcasts of the season have so far been NFL games.
Stadiums.
New Meadowlands Stadium opened in 2010, replacing Giants Stadium as the home of both the New York Giants and the New York Jets. The new stadium is located a few hundred feet away from the old building in the parking lot of Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey. Unlike Giants Stadium (in which the Giants were the sole NFL tenant until the 1984 season), the new Meadowlands Stadium will be a 50/50 partnership between both New York teams. The Giants played their first regular season game on September 12 against the Carolina Panthers, while the Jets played the following night against the Baltimore Ravens in the first game of a "Monday Night Football" doubleheader.
Arrowhead Stadium, home of the Kansas City Chiefs since 1972, underwent a two-year $375 million renovation project which was completed and unveiled in July 2010. The stadium hosted the second game of the "Monday Night Football" opening weekend doubleheader when the Chiefs played the San Diego Chargers.
M&T Bank Stadium, home of the Baltimore Ravens, installed FieldTurf prior to the 2010 season. The field had been Sportexe Momentum Turf since 2002 and grass before that.
Prior to Week 14, the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, home of the Minnesota Vikings, buckled and tore as a result of heavy snowfall in Minneapolis, spilling snow onto Mall of America field and rendering the stadium unusable for the remainder of the Vikings' season. The Vikings' scheduled home game against the New York Giants was moved to Detroit's Ford Field and postponed to a 7:20 pm EST kickoff on Monday. Though stadium workers were initially "optimistic" that the roof could be repaired before the Vikings faced the Chicago Bears on December 20, stadium officials determined that such a repair would not be possible in that time frame and the game was moved to TCF Bank Stadium.
Two stadiums received new naming rights: On January 20, LandShark Stadium, the home field of the Miami Dolphins, was renamed Sun Life Stadium. The Dolphins' home field, originally named Joe Robbie Stadium from 1987–1996, has undergone several name changes in its history, including Pro Player Stadium (1996–2005), Dolphin Stadium (2006–2009), and most recently, LandShark Stadium. On July 27, Jacksonville Municipal Stadium, the home field of the Jacksonville Jaguars, was renamed EverBank Field.
Records and milestones.
Records.
Passing
Starts
Turnovers
Special Teams
Sacks
Playoff records
Awards.
Players of the Week.
The following were the players of the week during the 2010 season:

</doc>
<doc id="5919376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919376" title="Ogbe Abraha">
Ogbe Abraha

Ogbe Abraha (born 1948) is an Eritrean politician. He joined the Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF) in 1972 and, since independence, has held the following positions: member of the Central Council of the People's Front for Democracy and Justice (PFDJ), member of the National Council, Secretary and then Minister of Trade and Industry, Minister of Labour and Social Welfare (beginning in February 1997), Chief of Logistics, Administration and Health in the Ministry of Defence, Chief of Staff of the Eritrean Defence Forces. Abraha was dismissed from his post and stripped of his military rank by the President in February 2000. He is reported to be suffering from asthma and was arrested in September 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5919377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919377" title="John Bramwell">
John Bramwell

John Harold Arnold Bramwell (born 27 November 1964 in Hyde, Cheshire) is an English singer-songwriter. He is the frontman for the three-piece alternative rock band I Am Kloot, and has previously issued solo material under the guise of "Johnny Dangerously".
He is left-handed, but plays guitar right-handed.
Biography.
Bramwell was born on 27 November 1964 in Hyde, Cheshire (now part of Tameside, Greater Manchester). He grew up in Gee Cross, Hyde. In the early years, John was the front man of a four-piece band called "The Ignition" that toured in the early to late 1980s. Following that he became a solo performer and Granada Television presenter "Johnny Dangerously", introducing a local Saturday morning magazine programme "Fresh" that included one of the first TV appearances for KFM Radio personality Caroline Aherne in her Mrs. Merton role. In this guise he also released "You, Me and the Alarm Clock", named in "The Guardian" newspaper as one of "greatest albums you've never heard". He also released a single with The deBuchias. During his period with Granada Television he was engaged to "Fresh" co-presenter Tara Newley, daughter of Joan Collins and Anthony Newley. After leaving Granada, Bramwell spent many years travelling between Athens and North Wales where he continued to write and perform songs solo before giving up music to deliver glue around the UK In the early 1990s, Bramwell formed The Mouth with friend and musician Bryan Glancy (the titular Seldom Seen Kid) that later included members of I Am Kloot - Andy Hargreaves and Peter Jobson. The Mouth first played live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, California, and on returning from America, Bramwell worked booking bands at Manchester venue Night & Day Café during the mid- to late-1990s. In 1999, he formed I Am Kloot. The band released its first single "Titanic/To You" as a 7" double A-side single in 1999 and its first album "Natural History" in 2001 - both produced by Guy Garvey from Elbow.
Solo discography.
As Johnny Dangerously, Bramwell released the mini-album "You, Me and the Alarm Clock" in 1989. It was acclaimed in "The Guardian" newspaper as one of "the greatest albums you've never heard", a track from which was re-released as a B-side to an I Am Kloot single "Over My Shoulder".
In 2013 Bramwell contributed leading vocals for song "Measurement of Moving On" on Felix White's (The Maccabees) solo EP release titled "Cosmo".
On 25 January 2014, John Bramwell released "Live at The Trades" – a live album available only at live shows. The recording consists of material recorded during Bramwell's concert at the Hebden Bridge Trades Club in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5919378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919378" title="Benny Södergren">
Benny Södergren

Benny Södergren (born 23 June 1948 in Torshälla) is a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed during the 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the 50 km at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.

</doc>
<doc id="5919381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919381" title="Save River">
Save River

Save River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919391" title="International School of Aruba">
International School of Aruba

The International School of Aruba (ISA) is a school with students of many nationalities. In 2006, the school moved to a new campus offering a more centralized location for the students.
The International School of Aruba is a private, nonprofit, co-educational, English language school. It was founded in 1929 and was owned by Lago Oil and Transport Co. Ltd. From 1986 on, the school was governed by the ISA community and parent body. ISA was acquired by ISS, International School Services, in 2004. In 2005, a new campus was constructed and ISA was relocated to the center of the island of Aruba in the residential neighborhood of Wayaca.
The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). A full successful accreditation review was conducted in May, 2008. The school is a U.S. State Department-assisted school, and an active member of Nederlands Onderwijs in het Buitenland (NOB), Tri-Association-The Association of American Schools of Central America, Colombia, Caribbean, and Mexico; Assoc. for the Advancement of International Education (AAIE)
ISA has approximately 155 students from Montessori through grade 12. The student body is a diverse population representing sixteen different nationalities. The largest group comes from the Netherlands/ Aruba, Venezuela, United States/ Canada, India, and Vatican City. The average class size is 12 to 1 students to teachers. The smallest class in the school is the grade 12 with only 7 students.
ISA has 23 faculty members for the 2009-2010 school year with a diversity of nationalities. The staff represents 8 countries including a majority of US citizens, Canadians, Dutch/Arubans, South American and other island nationalities. Seventy percent of the teaching staff has master’s degrees.
The school curriculum is modeled after a U.S. university preparatory school. English is the primary language of instruction. The testing program includes the ITBS (IOWA) tests, PSAT, ACT, SAT and AP examinations. Advanced Placement classes are offered in English, Spanish, and Studio Art. Ninety percent of graduates go on to universities in North America and other countries. The school year is from August to June. Dutch and Spanish are offered at levels of Beginners to Native speakers. Dutch exams for CITO, MAVO, HAVO/ VWO are organized.
ISA participates in South American Model United Nations (SAMUN), South American Knowledge Bowl, National Honor Society, and Junior National Honor Society. The school publishes an annual yearbook. Student leadership is encouraged through an elected Student Council in the elementary, middle and high schools. Special events during the year have included: Latin Festival, Art Auction, Science Fair, and Thanksgiving celebration, International Day, Scholastic Book Fairs and Holiday Music/Drama Show.
History.
The first English school in Aruba was opened in Seroe Colorado in September, 1929. It was owned and operated by Lago Oil and Transport Co. Ltd. to provide for the schooling of the expatriates' children. During the 1960s, the school also opened its doors to dependents of island residents on a tuition basis. With the closing of Lago in 1985, the parents of the remaining students formed the International School of Aruba (ISA), a non-profit Foundation, to ensure the continuation of English language education on the island.
In March 2004, the Board of Directors passed the governance and ownership of ISA to International Schools Services (ISS), a not-for-profit organization of Princeton, New Jersey.
A promise was made by ISS to fund a new school building for ISA as part of the transfer agreement. This long-held wish of ISA came true with ISS financing the construction of a new campus. As of August of the 2005-06 academic year, ISA moved to its new more central location in the Wayaca Residence area. From this improved location, ISA aims to reach out more to the islandwide population. In this regard, ISA has hosted a professional development workshop inviting all teachers of the island, sponsored a Health Fair which was open to the public and student organizations, holds an Open Dag annually, and reaches out in other ways via various community service projects.
In September 2005, the 75th anniversary of American international education was celebrated in Aruba as well as the Groundbreaking for the completely new campus. Less than one year afterwards it was moved from Seroe Colorado after decades of excellent education in a quiet environment overlooking the azure waters at the end of the island known as the Colony. The new location is conveniently closer to the rest of the island and very close to Oranjestad. The Hooiberg is nearby, an inspiration to reach for even greater heights in the programs that are offered. There are new enhanced facilities and the annual growth of students remains.

</doc>
<doc id="5919392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919392" title="Air Norway">
Air Norway

Air Norway AS is a virtual, regional airline with its head office in the town of Brekstad, the administrative centre of the municipality of Ørland, in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It operates seven round trips a week from its hub at Ørland Airport to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, and a single, weekly round trip from Oslo to Aalborg Airport, Denmark, using a wet leased Fairchild Metro aircraft from North Flying. The airline was established in 2003. Following the bankruptcy of Coast Air in January 2008, the airline stepped in and was serving Fagernes Airport, Leirin with two daily flights to Oslo, and one daily flight to Trondheim, but these were terminated in 2009.
Operations.
The airline is owned 40% by Nordic Air, 40% by the Municipality of Ørland and 20% by North Flying. All operations are flown by North Flying, who operate a 19-seat Fairchild Metro 23 in Air Norway livery. The municipality subsidizes the route with NOK 1 million per year. The company has a managing director in a 20% position, plus one person who coordinates booking on an hourly basis. In 2008, the airline had a revenue of NOK 16 million and made NOK 800,000 in profit. Ørland Airport is the civilian section of the military Ørland Main Air Station. Traditionally, the main customer group for Air Norway has been military personnel.
Destinations.
The airline operates seven weekly round trips from Ørland to Oslo, with weekday flights leaving Ørland at 7:40 and returning form Oslo at 18:00. No flights are made on Saturdays, but there are two round trips to Oslo on Friday, and to Ørland on Sunday. A single, weekly round trip is made to Aalborg from Oslo, leaving on Friday evening and returning Sunday afternoon.
History.
Air Norway was founded in 2003 by Gunnar Hagsveen. Scheduled services from Ørland to Oslo commenced on 23 May 2003. The company had originally planned to also operate aircraft between Ørland and Bodø Airport, to two main air stations of the Norwegian Air Force, but these plans were abandoned. Just after the route commenced, the owner became seriously ill, and marketing and sales efforts were neglected, causing a less-than-predicted cabin load. Hagsveen died on 26 December, and his heirs encouraged local businesses to purchase shares in the company. Air Norway commenced weekly flights from Oslo to Aalborg Airport in Denmark from 31 January 2004. In February 2004, the company received a loan for NOK 650,000 from the municipality to operate pay off other debt. At the same time, the airline was sold to Sven Rosenvinge.
By 2005, the airline was still losing money. On 21 February, the Municipality of Ørland bought shares for NOK 1 million, while North Flying bought the remaining half of the company. Mayor Hallgeir Grøntvedt (Center Party) stated that while it was a risky investment for a municipality with limited budget, the airline was of great strategic importance for Ørland and Fosen. When the European Union introduced new security rules for airports from 1 January 2005, Ørland Airport was exempt, because of the small size of the aircraft. By April, the airport had received notice that 100% security control would still have to be introduced, costing the municipality per year. At the same time, Air Norway was still losing money, and applied to the municipality to not be charged landing fees at the airport. When this was granted, it saved the company NOK 540,000 per year. In July, Air Norway transported its 10,000th passenger and signed a new contract with the Air Force, which was responsible for more than half the ridership. In November, the administration of the airline was moved from Drammen to Ørland and Fosen Næringshage. Snorre Hvitsand was then hired as managing director.
In 2006, the company experienced a 40% passenger growth, and from 6 September, Air Norway also introduced services on Wednesday. The same year, the municipality started a NOK 1.8 million upgrade to the airport. When it opened on 3 September 2007, it became an international airport and allowed transit for passengers to Aalborg, plus increased security and a general renovation of the terminal building from 1978.
Following the bankruptcy of Coast Air in January 2008, Air Norway and North Flying were awarded an interim contract to operate the route from Fagernes to Oslo, with subsidies from the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications. At the same time, the airline started a route from Fagernes to Trondheim Airport, Værnes. In March, they won the public service obligation (PSO) contract, granting them the route until 31 March 2009. During the first half of 2008, ridership at Fagernes Airport was reduced by 27.3%, compared with the first half of the previous year. From 1 April 2009, the Fagernes PSO contract was lost to DOT LT, and Air Norway terminated those routes.
In 2009, Air Norway lost 1,300 passengers after the Norwegian Air Force decided to not permit their employees to travel from Ørland, but instead have to take cheaper flights from Trondheim, located about a two-hour drive away. The reduction in ridership, along with a strengthening of the Danish krone in relation to the Norwegian, caused Air Norway to lose NOK 100,000 by August 2009. The mayor of Ørland stated at that he was working to make the route receive state grants as a PSO. In February 2010, the municipality granted NOK 62,500 for Air Norway to run a television commercial during the semi-final of Melodi Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="5919393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919393" title="Beraki Ghebreselassie">
Beraki Ghebreselassie

Beraki Ghebreselassie is an Eritrean politician. He joined EPLF in 1972 and, since Independence, has held the following positions: member of the Central Council of PFDJ, member of the National Assembly, Secretary of Education, Minister of Information and Ambassador to Germany, The Holy See, Poland, Hungary and Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="5919401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919401" title="Warin of Cologne">
Warin of Cologne

Warin (died 9 September 984) was the Archbishop of Cologne, Germany, from 976 to 984.
Life.
Warin's origins are not recorded. He became a cleric of the Cathedral in Cologne.
Warin became the Archbishop of Cologne in 976. In 983 the Holy Roman Emperor Otto II entrusted Warin with the education of his son and heir Otto. He crowned Otto as King of Germany in Aachen on Christmas Day of that year. However, after Otto II's death in 984, he handed Otto III to Henry the Saint and supported the latter's overtures to the German throne. 
Warin died in 984 and was buried in the Abbey of St. Martin.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5919404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919404" title="David Robertson (broadcaster)">
David Robertson (broadcaster)

David Robertson (born 1965 in Dundee) worked for BBC Scotland until 2008.
Career.
Former presenter of BBC Scotland's news programme "Reporting Scotland", Robertson's career began at Dundee radio station Radio Tay. He joined the BBC in the late 1980s, working as a BBC network reporter and correspondent, covering the Bosnian War from Sarajevo and reporting from the USA, Germany and Spain. He also presented in the early days of BBC News 24 at breakfast time.
2000-2008, Robertson worked as a presenter on "Reporting Scotland" as a presenter, joining established presenters Jackie Bird and Sally Magnusson. During this period he also had a brief news quiz show on BBC Radio Scotland.
On Friday 19 September 2008, he announced that he had been with the BBC for twenty years, presenting "Reporting Scotland" for eight, was honoured to have done so, and that this was his last appearance.
It emerged that the BBC had ended his employment. Press reports claimed he sought a compensatory pay-off from BBC Scotland on the grounds that he was sacked by the corporation, rather than resigning.
Robertson was Head of Public Affairs for the Wise Group, a social enterprise aiming to provide work focused solutions to social exclusion through employment, regeneration and sustainable development. He is currently Senior Manager, Corporate Communications EMEA for Life Technologies (NASDAQ: LIFE), a global biotechnology tools company 
"PR Week 17th September 2010"
Popular culture.
In January 2008, David Robertson's apparently regular on-air pen trick during Reporting Scotland was spotted and highlighted in the media and on YouTube by Scottish comedian Limmy.

</doc>
<doc id="5919410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919410" title="Black Winter Day">
Black Winter Day

Black Winter Day is an EP by the Finnish band Amorphis, released in 1995. The track "Black Winter Day" is one of the band's best-known songs and continues to be a crowd favourite in live performances to this very day.

</doc>
<doc id="5919417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919417" title="Saleh Idris Kekya">
Saleh Idris Kekya

Salih Idris Kekya (alt. Kekia) is an Eritrean politician. He joined EPLF in 1976 and, since independence, has held the following positions: member of the Central Council of PFDJ, member of the National Assembly, Director of the Office of the President, Ambassador to Sudan, Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Transport and Communication, and Mayor of the town of Asseb in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5919424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919424" title="Shotley">
Shotley

Shotley may refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="5919425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919425" title="Butterley Company">
Butterley Company

Butterley Engineering was an engineering company based in Ripley, Derbyshire formed from the Butterley Company, founded as Benjamin Outram and Company in 1790. It existed until 2009.
Origins.
This area of Derbyshire had been known for its outcrops of iron ore which had been exploited at least since the Middle Ages. After the Norman Conquest, nearby Duffield Frith was the property of the de Ferrers family who were iron masters in Normandy.
In 1793, William Jessop, with the assistance of Benjamin Outram, constructed the Cromford Canal to connect Pinxton and Cromford with the Erewash Canal. In digging Butterley Tunnel for the Cromford Canal, coal and iron were discovered. Fortuitously, Butterley Hall fell vacant and in 1790 Outram, with the financial assistance of Francis Beresford, bought it and its estate.
The following year they were joined by Jessop and John, the grandson of Ichabod Wright, a wealthy Nottingham banker who was betrothed to Beresford's daughter and who owned the Butterley Park estate.
In 1793 the French Revolutionary Wars broke out and by 1796 the blast furnace was producing nearly a thousand tons of pig iron a year. By the second decade of the next century the company had expanded with another works at Codnor Park, both works then having two blast furnaces, and output had risen to around 4,500 tons per year.
Early years.
Outram died in 1805 and the name changed to the Butterley Company, with one of Jessop's sons, also William, taking over.
In 1814 the company produced the iron work for Vauxhall Bridge over the River Thames.
The company also owned Hilt's Quarry at Crich, which supplied limestone for the ironworks and for the limekilns at Bullbridge, providing lime for farmers and for the increasing amount of building work. The steep wagonway to the Cromford Canal at Bullbridge was called the Butterley Gang Road. In 1812, William Brunton, an engineer for the company, produced his remarkable Steam Horse locomotive
In 1817, in the depression following the Napoleonic Wars, the works at Butterley was the scene of the Pentrich Revolution. The intention of the rebels was to kill the three senior managers and ransack the works for weapons. When they arrived they were confronted by George Goodwin the factory agent, who, with a few constables, faced them down. There is little to be seen of the event, but the hexagonal office where Goodwin stood his ground is a listed building in the yard of the works.
Following this the country entered a long period of prosperity, the company with it. In 1830 it was considered to be the largest coal owner and the second-largest iron producer in the East Midlands. By this time the company owned a considerable number of quarries for limestone and mines for coal and iron, and installed a third blast furnace at Codnor Park.
One of the two drainage engines at Pode Hole and the engine in the Pinchbeck Engine land drainage museum were built by Butterley, as were the Scoop wheel pumps.
They produced a vast array of goods, from rails for wagonways to heaters for tea urns. Thomas Telford's Caledonian Canal used lock gates and machinery with castings produced at Butterley, and two steam dredgers designed by Jessop. The company also produced steam locomotives, mostly for its own use, but it provided two for the Midland Counties Railway.
It produced all the necessary castings for the new railways and two complete lines, the Croydon, Merstham and Godstone Iron Railway and the Cromford and High Peak Railway. A winding engine for the latter exists in working order at Middleton Top near Wirksworth.
The company was quick to invest in the new Bessemer process for steel manufacture in 1856, being one of four businesses that took out a license from Sir Henry Bessemer within a month of his announcing his method. The licenses were spread around the country in order to protect the trading interests of the licensees.
Notable patents were taken out by the company's manager, Sir John Alleyne. In December 1859 Alleyne patented a method of producing a load-bearing iron beam known as the Butterley Bulb, used in many early iron steam ships including HMS Warrior
In 1861 Alleyne patented a method that allowed hot ingots to be moved around a roller after they had passed by just one person. During the production of steel sections the bar has to be repeatedly put through rollers. Allowing this to happen using just one person was a substantial increase in productivity. By 1863 the company was rolling the largest masses of iron of any foundry in the country. Among its most famous buildings are the Barlow train shed at St Pancras station in London, which included 240-foot spans.
Alleyne's next invention was the two high reversing steel mill patented in 1870, which used two steam engines to allow metal ingots to be repeatedly rolled to get the correct size and section. With this technique the steel did not have to be moved to re-enter the rolling process but merely had to be moved back into the rolling machine once it had passed through.
There was also an extensive brickworks for railways, thousands of factories and domestic dwellings.
By 1874 company workers were starting to fight for better conditions. The company sacked 11 miners "without a charge" on May 5, 1874.
20th century.
At its peak in the 1950s the company employed around 10,000 people.
In 1957, a partnership with Air Products of the USA helped establish that company in the United Kingdom.
In the early 1960s the company acquired locomotive manufacturer F. C. Hibberd & Co Ltd.
The Codnor Park works closed in 1965.
The company was acquired by Lord Hanson in the 1968 for £4.7 million. The company was subsequently split up into Butterley Engineering, Butterley Brick and Butterley Aggregates. Butterley Hall, Outram's home and later the companies offices, was sold off to become the headquarters of Derbyshire Constabulary.
In the mid 1980s the foundry closed down. When surplus buildings were demolished the original blast furnace of 1790 was exposed.
21st century.
The company entered the 21st century with a well-established reputation for constructing bridges, overhead cranes and structural steelwork.
One of the company's prestige projects was the Falkirk Wheel, a boatlift at Falkirk, Scotland to reconnect the Forth & Clyde Canal and the Union Canal in place of a derelict flight of 11 locks. Designed by RMJM architects, it was funded by the Millennium Commission.
The company constructed the Spinnaker Tower in Portsmouth.
On 5 March 2009, the company was placed into administration, the administrator stating "This is a highly specialist business that has proven vulnerable to the economic downturn".
Demolition of the works was undertaken in November and December 2009. Photographic records of the demolition and the works are at the Aditnow site. The blast furnaces, part of the canal tunnel and its underground wharf were declared a scheduled monument in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5919426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919426" title="Breitscheidplatz">
Breitscheidplatz

Breitscheidplatz is a major public square in the inner city of Berlin, Germany. Together with the Kurfürstendamm boulevard, it marks the centre of former West Berlin.
Geography.
Breitscheidplatz lies within the Charlottenburg district near the southwestern tip of the Tiergarten park and the Zoological Garden at the corner of Kurfürstendamm and its eastern continuation, Tauentzienstraße, leading to Schöneberg and the Kaufhaus des Westens on Wittenbergplatz. The Europa-Center mall and highrise closes off the Breitscheidplatz to the east. At its centre is the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church with its damaged spire.
Early history.
Breitscheidplatz is at the end of the former Kurfürstendamm bridle path of 1542 which led Elector ("Kurfürst") Joachim II Hector of Brandenburg to his hunting grounds in the Grunewald forest. In 1889 the square was given the name "Gutenbergplatz" after Johannes Gutenberg, the designer of the printing press; in 1892 it was renamed "Auguste-Viktoria-Platz" in honour of the German Empress Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein.
Shortly after the square was laid out, Auguste-Viktoria's spouse Emperor Wilhelm II determined it as the site for the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church in honour of his grandfather, Emperor Wilhelm I. The church, designed by royal architect Franz Schwechten, was a prime example of Romanesque Revival architecture. It was consecrated in 1895. Around the square until World War I, further development took place in a similar Neo-Romanesque style, including on the west side the Ausstellungshallen am Zoologischen Garten, an exhibition and event space completed in 1896, and opposite it the 1899 building on the site of today's Europa-Center which after 1916 housed the Romanisches Café. The square was sometimes called the "Romanisches Forum" (Romanesque forum) or "Romanisches Viertel" (Romanesque quarter) as a result.
Twentieth century.
After World War I Breitscheidplatz became a meeting place for bohemians and intellectuals in Berlin, particularly at the Romanisches Café, where writers, artists and musicians congregated and exchanged ideas. In addition, cinema and variety theatre development had begun in the area with conversion of part of the exhibition space on the west side. In 1925 the Ufa-Palast am Zoo opened in one of these spaces, then Germany's largest cinema, followed in 1926 by the Gloria-Palast on the western side, where "The Blue Angel" premièred on 1 April 1930. By 1928, when Joseph Goebbels made a speech attacking the commercial establishments surrounding the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, the square contained a cluster of Berlin's premier cinemas—Ufa-Palast am Zoo, Gloria-Palast, Capitol, Marmorhaus and Tauntzien-Palast—in addition to cafés, theatres, and other business establishments, and some businessmen had sought to establish it as Berlin's Broadway.
In 1943, the square was heavily bombed and most of the area was destroyed. After World War II the square experienced massive reconstruction when it became the quasi-symbolic centre of West Berlin in compensation for the loss of the historic centre around Alexanderplatz and Unter den Linden in Mitte, then part of East Berlin. In 1947 the square was given the new name 'Breitscheidplatz' after Rudolf Breitscheid, a German Social Democrat who was killed at the Buchenwald concentration camp in 1944.
The Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church (informally known as "Hollow Tooth" by Berliners) was in shambles after the war. In the 1950s and 1960s the trend in Berlin was to tear down buildings damaged in the war and to build new. The renowned West German architect Egon Eiermann originally planned to completely demolish the ruins, causing numerous public protests. He then designed a modern parish church and separate belfry, beside which the ruined spire of the old church would be preserved as a memorial. The new Gedächtniskirche was consecrated in 1961 and soon became the architectural pride of West Berlin and a memorial against war and destruction.
The development of the square included the erection of the Zoo Palast cinema replacing the Ufa-Palast in 1956, the "Bikini-Haus" on the northern side finished in 1957 (named after its bare "midriff" on the second floor) and the "Schimmelpfeng-Haus" built in 1960 (now partly demolished) on the site of the old Gloria-Palast.
In 1965, the "Europa-Center" shopping mall was opened by Mayor Willy Brandt on the site of the former Romanisches Café. It included a large cinema complex and an highrise. The Center with its characteristic Mercedes-Benz star on top became a major business centre and unofficially gave the Breitscheidplatz the reputation of being the commercial hotspot in West Berlin. Today the building still hosts numerous department stores, pavement coffee shops and restaurants and is a popular tourist attraction. It has landmark status.
Plans for the Breitscheidplatz.
The Breitscheidplatz, still one of Berlin's most visited places, is known by many as one of the quintessential squares of Berlin. It presents an awkward yet typical Berlin combination of the old and the new, the cultural and commercial.
Future city plans for the Breitscheidplatz include: Bettering the quality for pedestrians, more public competitions for the future planning of Breitscheidplatz, renovation of the "Bikinihaus" built and the Europa-Center. The destruction of the "Schimmelpfenghaus" has begun to build the "Zoofenster" highrise with offices, restaurants and a Waldorf-Astoria hotel, to create an attractive urban area with livable space. Other plans include renovating the bus station on Hardenbergplatz in front of the Bahnhof Zoo and redeveloping the "Zoo-Palast" as a multi-screen cinema complex. In 2006, the automobile tunnel on Budapester Straße in front of the "Bikini-Haus" was closed and a pedestrian zone created.
Public transport.
Breitscheidplatz can be reached by S-Bahn via the Bahnhof Zoo station (S 5, S 7, S 75, S 9) as well as by U-Bahn via Bahnhof Zoo (U 2, U 9) and Kurfürstendamm stations (U 1, U 9). Busses stop at Breitscheidplatz (lines 100 and 200) and Europa-Center (129, 219).
The Bahnhof Zoo was constructed in 1882 and functioned as the main railway station of West Berlin. Its importance as a major hub diminished when in preparation for the 2006 FIFA World Cup the new Berlin Hauptbahnhof was completed at the site of the former Lehrter Bahnhof; this is now the main train station in Berlin, and the German Intercity-Express and InterCity long distance trains no longer stop by default at Zoologischer Garten.

</doc>
<doc id="5919428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919428" title="Kiyevsky railway station">
Kiyevsky railway station

The Kiyevsky station (, "Kievskiy vokzal") is one of the nine main railway stations of Moscow, Russia. It is the only railway station in Moscow to have a frontage on the Moskva River. The station is located at the Square of Europe, in the beginning of Bolshaya Dorogomilovskaya Street in Dorogomilovo District of Moscow.
As the name suggests there are regular services to Kiev as well as Belgrade, Zagreb, Varna, Bucharest, Sofia, Niš, Budapest, Prague, Vienna and Venice. The station is served by the Kievskaya-Koltsevaya, Kievskaya (Filyovskaya) and Kievskaya (Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya) stations of Moscow Metro.
History and design.
The station was built between 1914 and 1918 in the Byzantine Revival style pronounced in the high clocktower. Originally named the Bryansk station, it was designed by Ivan Rerberg and Vladimir Shukhov, it is considered an important landmark of architecture and engineering of the time.
The station's building is flanked by a gigantic landing platform which is distinguished by its simplicity and constructive boldness. The platforms are covered by a massive glassed arch structures (length , width , height , weight of the structures is over 1250 ton) in the form of a parabola. Open-work steel trusses are clearly visible, and they demonstrate the elegance of the grandiose building.
Trains and destinations.
Suburban destinations.
Suburban commuter trains ("elektrichka") connect Kiyevsky station with stations and platforms of the Kiyevsky suburban direction of Moscow Railway, in particular, with the towns of Aprelevka, Naro-Fominsk (Nara), Balabanovo, Obninsk, Maloyaroslavets, and Kaluga.
Airport connections.
Kiyevsky station is connected to Vnukovo International Airport by Aeroexpress trains.

</doc>
<doc id="5919434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919434" title="Estifanos Seyoum">
Estifanos Seyoum

Estifanos Seyoum (born 1947) is an Eritrean politician.
He joined the Eritrean People's Liberation Front in 1972. Since independence, he has held the following positions:
He was educated at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he received a masters degree in finance and economics. As of 2005 he was in prison with the G-15. 
Seyoum is fathered 5 children: Shewit, Ariam, Miriam, Kibrom, and Natnael.

</doc>
<doc id="5919438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919438" title="Fillmore House">
Fillmore House

The Fillmore House, or Millard Fillmore House, was the residence of the 13th President of the United States, Millard Fillmore. Fillmore built this house in 1826, at 24 Shearer Avenue in East Aurora in Erie County, New York. The President lived there only four years during which time his son was born. The house has since had multiple owners and multiple additions built upon it. In addition, it has been moved from its original location no less than two times. Besides the White House, it is the only surviving structure of residence for President Fillmore. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
The house is owned by the Aurora Historical Society and has been renovated with period furnishings. It is open to the public from June through October on Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays from 1-4. Visit the Aurora Historical Society web site for more information. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919440" title="Taste Media">
Taste Media

Taste Media is a record label and production company that has released records for bands such as Muse and Shed Seven. The company was formed by Safta Jaffery (ex Decca and Magnet Records A&R executive) and Dennis Smith, who owned the Sawmills recording studio in Cornwall.
History.
Taste Media recorded three of Muse's albums, "Showbiz", "Origin of Symmetry" and "Absolution". Whilst the recordings by Muse were licensed to Mushroom Records in the United Kingdom, with the label credit being split between Taste Media and Mushroom, later acts were issued independently. These independent releases included One Minute Silence's "One Life Fits All", Serafin's "No Push Collide", along with Shed Seven's "Where Have You Been Tonight?" live album and their "Why Can't I Be You?" single, both released in 2003.
The publishing side of Taste's repertoire was handled by sister company Taste Music who retain the publishing rights to Muse's first three albums and also handle the compositions of Buffseeds, One Minute Silence, and Sundae Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5919450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919450" title="Hugh Stubbins">
Hugh Stubbins

Hugh Asher Stubbins Jr. (January 11, 1912 - July 5, 2006) was an architect who designed several high profile buildings around the world.
Biography.
He was born in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, and attended Georgia Institute of Technology before getting his master's degree from Harvard University. He was to remain on the faculty there until 1972.
He formed Hugh Stubbins and Associates. Its successor company, The Stubbins Associates, merged with Philadelphia-based Kling in 2007 to form KlingStubbins.
Among the buildings he designed:
Stubbins died July 5, 2006, of pneumonia, at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="5919453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919453" title="Bristol Aztecs">
Bristol Aztecs

The Bristol Aztecs are a British American football team based in
Bristol, England, at the SGS WISE sports academy of South Gloucestershire and Stroud College, Bristol, which is also the base for a number of other sports teams such as Bristol Academy woman's soccer team.
Overview.
The Aztecs field a senior team in the Premier Division of the BAFA Community Leagues, as well as youth teams and a second adult contact team the Bristol Apache. The team was formed in 1990 and has played in all BAFL divisions and been in four Britbowl Finals. They remained in the Premier division following the 2007 BAFL re-alignment, and have competed at the top national level since.
Team colours.
The Bristol Aztecs play in Black Helmets (with the Aztecs 'Feathered A' Decal), grey jerseys with orange numbers, black pants, and orange and white socks.
2010.
The Aztecs had their strongest start in many seasons, winning their first seven games straight and beating the Sussex Thunder, the Coventry Jets and the Farnham Knights both home and away. Two defeats against the London Blitz and a home-win reverse against the London Cobras secured second place in the BAFA standings; Ultimately the Aztecs could not capitalize on their season record, losing again to the Jets in the playoffs.
The youth team fared better however, blanking the Kent Exiles 30-0 in the quarter final, then coming from 28-6 down to overcome the London Blitz in the semi final to make the national finals at Worcester's Sixways stadium. Meeting the undefeated Lancashire Wolverines in the bowl game, the Aztecs rolled to an impressive 36-14 victory to become youth national champions for the first time.
References.
http://www.thisisbristol.co.uk/Powles-expects-exciting-season-Aztecs/story-18594766-detail/story.html
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/american-football/14730983
http://www.thisisbristol.co.uk/Duncan-Bell-s-big-capture-Bristol-Aztecs/story-17018180-detail/story.html
http://blogs.mirror.co.uk/fourth-down/2010/05/coventry-jets-vs-bristol-aztec.html
http://www.walesonline.co.uk/incoming/american-football-another-defeat-south-4864750

</doc>
<doc id="5919454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919454" title="Ulmus prunifolia">
Ulmus prunifolia

Ulmus prunifolia W. C. Cheng & L. K. Fu is a deciduous tree endemic only to the province of Hubei in central eastern China, where it is found at elevations of between 1000 m and 1500 m.
Description.
The tree can reach < 30 m in height, its bark dark grey and distinctively smooth. The narrow leaves vary in shape from elliptic to lanceolate, < 14 cm in length, and borne on twigs devoid of corky wings or layers. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots from February; the samarae are oblong - obovate < 20 mm × 13 mm, and ripen in April - May.
Pests and diseases.
"U. prunifolia" was found to be among the least suitable elms for feeding and reproduction by the adult elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0162%3AROTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2 and feeding by the Japanese Beetle "Popillia japonica" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0445%3APOTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2] in the USA.
Cultivation.
All four trees grown at the Brenton Arboretum, Dallas Center, Iowa, died for reasons unknown circa 2006; one specimen survives at the US National Arboretum. "U. prunifolia" has never been in commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="5919456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919456" title="Lodoletta">
Lodoletta

Lodoletta is a "dramma lirico" or lyric opera in three acts by Pietro Mascagni. The libretto is by Giovacchino Forzano, and is based on the novel "Two Little Wooden Shoes" by Marie Louise de la Ramée, (Ouida). 
It was first performed at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome on 30 April 1917 with Rosina Storchio in the title role. The American premiere was on 12 January 1918 at the Metropolitan Opera, New York, with Geraldine Farrar as Lodoletta and Enrico Caruso as Flammen.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5919457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919457" title="María Colombo de Acevedo">
María Colombo de Acevedo

María Teresita del Valle Colombo de Acevedo is a former Argentine Senator for the province of Catamarca and a member of the Radical Civic Union, which itself is part of the Civic and Social Front of Catamarca.
Colombo was born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca. She studied at the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba graduating in medicine, and studied politics as a postgraduate.
Colombo served as a provincial senator in Catamarca Province 1991-95. and was senate president 1994. She was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for 1997–2001 and became a senator in 2001. She was re-elected in 2003 for a six-year term, which expired on December 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5919459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919459" title="Shreve">
Shreve

Shreve can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919462" title="SafeTV">
SafeTV

SafeTV (also known as Safe Television and SafeTV Channel) is a television network based in Springdale, Arkansas. SafeTV was founded by Carlos Pardeiro in 1995, and is owned and operated by Total Life Community Educational Foundation.
SafeTV is broadcast nationally in the USA by IPTV provider Sky Angel.
SafeTV broadcast over-the-air locally in Springdale, Arkansas, on channel 57 as KSBN-TV until March 2007 when channel 57 was sold to Daystar Television Network and changed its callsign to KWOG.

</doc>
<doc id="5919464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919464" title="James P. Delgado">
James P. Delgado

James P. Delgado (born on January 11, 1958 in San Jose, California) is a maritime archaeologist, explorer and author.
Career.
Delgado is a maritime archaeologist who has spent nearly four decades in underwater exploration. A veteran of over 100 shipwreck investigations around the world, his work has included , , , "Sub Marine Explorer", the buried Gold Rush ships of San Francisco, and Khubilai Khan's legendary lost fleet.
Archaeology made a lasting impression on him from age 10, when he became fascinated with a construction site near his home in the Santa Teresa foothills that revealed the remains of the Ohlone people who had lived in the region thousands of years before. At age 14, he landed his first job as a fifty cent per hour assistant at the New Almaden Museum south of San Francisco, sweeping floors and washing windows. He spent many hours eagerly studying artifacts housed in the glass cases, and eventually graduated to tour guide. 
During his high school years, with permission from site supervisors, he would dig and survey local construction site areas, working side-by-side with Bay Area archaeologists like Chester and Linda King and Rob Edwards, who served as mentors. He also began conferring with graduate students of an archaeology class from San Jose State University, where he would eventually enroll as a history major thanks to the mentorship of Dr. Theodore "Ted" C. Hinckley of the History Department, who convinced Delgado's parents to send him to University and not the local community college. In his sophomore year, he shifted to San Francisco State University as a cooperative education student working with the National Park Service (NPS). He graduated with a B.A. in American history, and would later teach at this and three other universities.
He remained with the NPS as the first Park Historian for Golden Gate National Recreation Area (GGNRA) serving from 1979-1986. The park covered 35,000 acres containing more than 2,000 historic buildings and sites such as Alcatraz, and a number of military forts and gun batteries, including a forgotten Civil War fortification at Fort Mason which he excavated. His destiny might have been as a land archaeologist if he were not transfixed by the sight of the gold rush-era ship "Niantic"s unearthed timbers in San Francisco's Financial District when he was 20. Delgado worked with archaeologist Dr. Allen Pastron on several excavations beginning in 1979. Among the buried ships from 1849-1851 that he would help excavate or analyze are the storeships "Niantic" and "General Harrison", the ships "William Gray" and "Candace", and many more. 
He also learned to scuba dive during his NPS tenure, and worked closely with the Park Service's Submerged Cultural Resources Unit when the NPS sent him to the Presidio of San Francisco to attend an Army dive class. He was involved in wreck surveys both inside and outside the NPS jurisdiction, including Pearl Harbor, where he studied the USS "Arizona" and and at Bikini Atoll in the Pacific, where he worked with the team on the atomic-bombed ships of Operation Crossroads, the world's first nuclear tests (1946). He was principal author of the final NOS study on the Bikini Atoll wrecks. Those shipwrecks include the carrier , , battleship , destroyer , attack transport , and submarines and .
After a one-year sabbatical from the NPS in 1984-1985 to attend East Carolina University, Delgado gained a master's degree in Maritime History and Underwater Research and was subsequently assigned by NPS Chief Historian Edwin C. Bearss to work as project historian on the USS "Monitor" project with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). He then headed the NPS maritime preservation program—the National Maritime Initiative (NMI)—as its founding chief, starting in 1987. The NMI also functions as the maritime preservation program for the entire federal government, so in this role, Delgado led the effort to study 142 ships for designation as national landmarks, inventoried the nation's maritime resources, and supported the development of standards and guidelines for preservation and documentation. He personally prepared the studies for 54 properties, including several lightships, fireboats, tugboats, submarines, and other warships, including the "Bowdoin". "Ernestina", and "Virginia V". As of 2010, there were approximately 2,500 National Historic Landmarks in the United States.
Delgado spent his last field season with NPS in 1990, working again at Bikini, and then leading a team to Mexico to jointly study the remains of the 1846 , the setting for the navy's only mutiny and the inspiration for Herman Melville's Billy Budd. In 1991, he moved to Vancouver, British Columbia where he took on the role of Executive Director of the Vancouver Maritime Museum for the next fifteen years. His work included organizing a $3-million reenactment of the historic Northwest Passage and North America-circumnavigating voyages of the museum's centerpiece exhibit, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police schooner "St. Roch". He led the crew that restored "Ben Franklin" (PX-15), a 130-ton oceanographic research submersible originally built in Switzerland for famed undersea explorer and scientist Jacques Piccard and most famously used on a historic 30-day "drift mission" along the eastern seaboard of the United States in 1969.
During his museum tenure, he returned to university to undertake his Ph.D. in archaeology, receiving the distinction in 2006 from Simon Fraser University. Following his graduation, he was named an Adjunct Member of the Faculty of the Department of Archaeology. From 2001 to 2006, he hosted, and was the team archaeologist on, the popular Canadian-made National Geographic documentary series "The Sea Hunters", which drew an audience of over 200 million people in over 172 countries. He worked with famous novelist, raconteur and shipwreck hunter Clive Cussler, the series presenter, master divers Mike and Warren Fletcher, and John Davis from Eco-Nova Productions.
In 2006, he moved to Texas and joined the Institute of Nautical Archaeology (INA) as Executive Director. In April 2008, he was elected President and CEO of this worldwide nautical archaeology organization. In October 2010, he left INA to become the Director of Maritime Heritage in the Office of National Marine Sanctuaries for the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration in Washington, D.C. He coordinates and at times supervises all maritime heritage activities in the 14 units in the NMS system. 
During his first two years with NOAA, he was involved in the "Titanic" mapping expedition as chief scientist, continued his years of study on the Civil War-era, pearl-diving submersible "Sub Marine Explorer", participated in field work while reorganizing and focusing the maritime heritage program, and mentored five high school kids from Saginaw, Michigan for Project Shiphunt.
Delgado has a long list of professional and public service designations, including a presidency with the Council of American Maritime Museums, and he is also a member of several organizations such a the Archaeological Institute of America and the The Explorers Club.
He has written over 100 articles, including "Letter from Bermuda: Secrets of a Civil War Shipwreck" and "A Pearl of Discovery" and contributed to or edited over 33 books, including "Silent Killers: Submarines and Underwater Warfare", "Nuclear Dawn: The Atomic Bomb From the Manhattan Project to the Cold War", "Gold Rush Port: The Maritime Archaeology of San Francisco's Waterfront", and two international best-sellers; "Across the Top of the World: The Quest for the Northwest Passage" and "Lost Warships: An Archaeological Tour of War at Sea". He has received five prestigious book awards and spoken worldwide to hundreds of groups and organizations including high schools classes, university groups, scientific, archaeology, and business organizations and is a frequent lecturer for Zegrahm Expeditions and the Archaeological Institute of America.

</doc>
<doc id="5919467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919467" title="Vedic religion">
Vedic religion

Vedic religion may refer to:
In wider meanings of the term "Vedic"
See also.
the vedic religion is practiced on india and its name is derivated from veda that meaans knowledge or the action of knowing something

</doc>
<doc id="5919477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919477" title="United Nations geoscheme">
United Nations geoscheme

The United Nations geoscheme is a scheme devised by the United Nations Statistics Division (UNSD) based on the M49 coding classification, which divides the world into macro-geographical regions and subregions.
The schema was devised for statistical analysis and consists of macro-geographical regions arranged to the extent possible according to continents. Within these groupings, smaller, geographical subregions and selected economic and other groupings allow for detailed analysis. The UNSD notes that "the assignment of countries or areas to specific groupings is for statistical convenience and does not imply any assumption regarding political or other affiliation of countries or territories".

</doc>
<doc id="5919496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919496" title="Gero (archbishop of Cologne)">
Gero (archbishop of Cologne)

Gero II (c. 900 – 29 June 976) was Archbishop of Cologne from 969 until his death.
Gero originated from Saxony, probably a son of the Billung count Christian (d. 950), who ruled in the Eastphalian Nordthüringgau and Schwabengau as well as over the adjacent lands of Serimunt in the "Marca Geronis". He and his brother Margrave Thietmar of Meissen were the sons of Christian's marriage with Hidda, sister of Margrave Gero the Great.
In 969, Gero was elected Archbishop of Cologne by the cathedral chapter. According to the medieval chronicler Bishop Thietmar of Merseburg, he at first met with opposition from the Emperor Otto the Great. In late 971, he was an ambassador to the Byzantine court in Constantinople, in order to arrange the marriage of Otto's heir, Otto II, to the Byzantine princess Theophanu in April 972 in Rome. On that journey he also brought back some relics of Saint Pantaleon for the dedication of the new St. Pantaleon's Church in Cologne. In 972 he attended a synod at Ingelheim, and the next year was present at the emperor's funeral.
On 29 August 970, he and his brother Thietmar donated part of their inheritance for the foundation of a monastery at Thankmarsfelde. By 975 (probably in 971), this became a royal monastery and was moved (in 975) to Nienburg, a site in the founders' familial lands, where it would serve as a missionary base for work amongst the Polabian Slavs. In 974, Gero established the monastery of Gladbach at the site of a former church, which had been destroyed during the Hungarian incursions.
Gero died in 976 and was buried in the Cathedral of Cologne, where he left as his legacy the Romanesque Gero Cross, one of the oldest large crucifixes in Germany and a milestone of Western Christian iconography.
The Gero Codex was probably drawn up in 969 at the behest of Archbishop Gero at the scriptorium of Reichenau Abbey. The pericope contains an evangeliary of the liturgical year to find a use in mass services. An excellent example of Ottonian art, it is today kept at the Darmstadt University of Technology and listed in UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="5919497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919497" title="Parkside Secondary School">
Parkside Secondary School

Parkside Secondary School is located in Cullingworth, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England and employs about 50 teachers and educates approximately 1,200 students. Its headmaster is Mr Taylor. Its motto is "Creative Learning Trust".
It is a specialist Arts College and its A*-C pass rates for GCSE Art are high, at 90%+. As such, it is a relatively desirable school and many parents in the area wish for their children to attend it.
Musically, it has participated in the National Youth Music Festival and received an award after having performed its Music-Director-composed "Orpheus and Eurydice". Musicians: Julia Williams (Vocalist) Edmond Williams (Flute) Daniel Hyde (Guitar) Gavin (Piano) Sam Kaye (percussion) and many more, competed at the Music Festival in Birmingham, where they won two awards. One for the most unique sound and the other one for placing in the top 5.
Although the school is classed as Arts College the school offers a higher and more advanced science course, in this “Triple science course” the students learn not just about science in general, but have 3 different lessons that specialize in the 3 different areas of science, Chemistry, Biology and Physics, each of these different classes has a different teacher and course work is set for each lesson, all three of the teachers co-ordinate when they give out course work and test, so the students don’t have to worry about more than one test or piece of course work at a time.
Parkside secondary school also has a good reputation for students being safe inside and outside the school, only a few minor incidents ever happen in a whole month (less than 5) and major incidents rarely happen at all, the biggest issue that the school is trying to sort out is the amount of rubbish left after dinner times and break times, the amount of litter has steadily increased despite student assemblies and staff attempts to cut down on the amount of packaging that is used in the canteen.

</doc>
<doc id="5919500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919500" title="Only in My Dreams">
Only in My Dreams

"Only in My Dreams" is the debut single for American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson. Released December 16, 1986, as a maxi single (Atlantic DM 86744), and then in remixed form (Vocal/3:50, as described herein) February 1987, the song was written by Gibson herself in 1984, two years before she recorded it. Produced by Fred Zarr and engineered by Don Feinberg for BiZarr Music, Inc., mixed by "Little" Louie Vega and mastered by Herb "Pump" Powers, the dance-pop song reached number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in the summer of 1987. Douglas Breitbart for Broadbeard Productions, Inc. served as executive producer ("see also Debbie Gibson").
While it did not initially make the UK top fifty, "Dreams" re-entered the UK singles chart in 1988 on the back of the success of her second single (viz., "Shake Your Love," Atlantic UK A9187), eventually peaking at #11. The Extended Club Mix/Vocal track (6:34) from DM 86744 was excerpted for a dance medley, "Medley: Out of the Blue - Shake Your Love - Only in My Dreams" (Debbie Gibson Mega Mix), that became Track 4 on Atlantic DM 86556 "Foolish Beat."
A different mix, "Only in My Dreams" (LP Version/3:54), mastered from the original multitrack for DM 86744, became Track 3 on Gibson's debut album "Out Of The Blue" (Atlantic LP 81780), and a further variation, "Only in My Dreams (Dream House Mix/10:03)," was Track 3 on Atlantic DM 86556 "Foolish Beat."
Since the song's release, Gibson has re-recorded the song twice: in 1997 for her album "Deborah" and in 2010 for the Deluxe Edition release of the Japan-exclusive "Ms. Vocalist".
The song was voted #95 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 80s.
Music video.
The music video for this song was recorded as a dream sequence with various locations, including a beach, an amusement park, and various other locations with Gibson in several different changes of wardrobe. The video shows the futility of a teenage girl attempting to get the man of her dreams to look at her, and when he does, she realizes that she was dreaming the whole event, thus causing her world to come crashing down around her.
Track Listing (Atlantic DM 86744).
"Only in My Dreams"
Track Listing, 12" Oldies Series re-release (Atlantic DM 86606).
"Only in My Dreams"
Back-to-back with these two tracks on this maxi-single is Chic's "Dance, Dance, Dance (Yowsah, Yowsah, Yowsah)" (8:30); this track was originally released in 1978 on Atlantic maxi single DK 4600.
1997/98 re-recording.
Gibson did several major modifications to this song after she left Atlantic Records. In 1997, apparently the entire song was re-recorded, first appearing as "Only in My Dreams" (1997 Dance Edit/4:38), Track 14 on Espiritu LP 9602 "Deborah," Revision 1.1 for June 1997, and later in seven variations, including one with a retrofitted eight-measure rap, on Jellybean Recordings DM 2532 "Only in My Dreams 1998" (released February 1998). The basic rhythm is modified from the Dream House Version of the original song on Atlantic DM 86556, Track 3.
Track Listing (Jellybean Recordings 2532).
"Only in My Dreams 1998"
(Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5919505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919505" title="Butia">
Butia

Butia is a genus of palms in the family Arecaceae, native to South America in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and Argentina. Most species produce edible fruits, which are sometimes used to make alcoholic beverages. The name is derived from a Brazilian vernacular word for members of the genus.
Description.
They are 'feather palms', with pinnate leaves 2-4 m long. The species vary from nearly stemless plants rarely exceeding 40 cm tall (e.g. "B. campicola") to small trees up to 10 m tall (e.g. "B. yatay").
"Butia capitata" is notable as one of the hardiest feather palms, tolerating temperatures down to about −10 °C; it is widely cultivated in warm temperate regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5919511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919511" title="Shumway">
Shumway

Shumway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919512" title="Tofy Mussivand">
Tofy Mussivand

Tofy Mussivand (Persian:توفیق موسیوند), born c. 1943 in Varkaneh, Hamadan Province, Iran) is an Iranian-Canadian medical engineer who invented an Artificial Cardiac Pump, a device that pumps blood and takes over the function of breathing during a heart surgery. 
He is currently Professor of Surgery and Engineering at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University; Chair and Director, Cardiovascular Devices Division of the University of Ottawa Heart Institute (UOHI); and Medical Devices Program of both the University of Ottawa and Carleton University. He is an honorary member of the Iranian Academy of Medical Sciences.
Mussivand was born to Kurdish parents in the village of Varkaneh in Hamedan. Before leaving Varkaneh to study at Tehran, he was a goat herder. He studied engineering at Tehran University and University of Alberta. He has worked for the Canadian government, crown corporations, and the private sector. Mussivand went on to receive his doctorate in Medical Engineering and Medical Sciences at the University of Akron and Northeastern Ohio Universities College of Medicine. Thereafter, Mussivand joined the Cleveland Clinic Hospital and Research Foundation. In 1989, Mussivand returned to Canada.
The Artificial Cardiac Pump temporarily takes over the function of breathing and pumping blood for a patient. It has two parts, the pump and the aerator. Cardiac pumps are most often used in heart surgery, so that a patient's heart can be disconnected from the body for longer than the twenty minutes or so it takes for a prepared patient to die.

</doc>
<doc id="5919515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919515" title="List of correctional facilities in comics">
List of correctional facilities in comics

The following is a list of fictional prisons, asylums, institutions, planets, and alternate dimensions which have been used to imprison humans, superhumans, and nonhumans in various fictional comic book universes.
Crossgen Comics.
Kholyma.
A prison-camp on the planet Tcharun. Its inmates are criminals and rebels against the Saurian Hegemony. The Saurian prince Tchlusarud is sent to the prison, but manages to escape and liberate the prisoners, using them as his army against the new ruler Khyradon. Kholyma first appeared in "Sigil" #22, by writer Chuck Dixon and artist Scott Eaton.
The Prison-world.
A facility in the universe of the Negation, the Prison-world houses 100 prisoners abducted from the Sigilverse, and is overseen by warden High Castellan Komptin. The Negation plans on invading the Sigilverse and constantly tests the prisoners to gather information. The Prison-World is destroyed during an outbreak in "Negation" #3, killing most inmates. The Prison-world first appeared in "Negation Prequel", written by Tony Bedard and with art by Paul Pelletier.
Dark Horse Comics.
Citadel Prison.
A prison for superhumans located under the Citadel in Golden City, from Dark Horse's "Comics Greatest World" imprint. Citadel Prison first appears in "Golden City" Week 1 as the Vault, and later appeared in issues of "" as Citadel Prison.
DC Comics.
Abruuk Asylum.
Abruuk Asylum is a prison for the mentally disturbed located in Gorilla City, Africa. It first appears in "Secret Society of Super-Villains" vol 1 #1.
Alcatraz Island.
In reality, Alcatraz Prison and the island it sits on are now tourist attractions.
In the DC Universe, it is an active metahuman prison. It is first shown in the pages of the "Teen Titans" vol. 3 #1. It also appears in other stories, such as the "Villains United" one-shot where there is a massive breakout where it was partly corralled by random superheros.
Arkham Asylum.
The Elizabeth Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane is a psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane that appears in the fictional DC Universe, and perhaps the most well known psychiatric hospital in fiction. DC solicitations have also referred to it as a prison. Created by Dennis O'Neil, the asylum first appeared in "Batman" #258 (October 1974). Len Wein developed much of its back-story during the 1980s. Arkham is located near Gotham City, and is where many of Batman's foes are incarcerated. Ravencroft (see below) is a similar institution in the Marvel Universe.
Basement 101.
HM Prison Basement 101 is introduced in "Batman and Robin" #7 as Britain's main para-criminal detention facility, the other being Wormwood Scrubs. It is located beneath the Tower of London. Basement 101 is run by the Beefeater; he is the Queen's Jailer and warden of Basement 101. Named prisoners are the Radio Ghost, Dai Laffyn, Big Don Drummond, the Morris Men, the Highwayman, the Pearly King of Crime, and Metalek (an alien "space monster").
Belle Reve.
Belle Reve is a fictional prison and sanitarium in the DC Universe. The facility was the original base of operations for the second Suicide Squad. John Economos was the first warden of the Belle Reve prison in Louisiana. The prison psychiatrist under Economos was Dr. Simon LaGrieve, who examined and counseled the various Suicide Squad members stationed there. The current warden is Robert Crichton.
Blackgate Penitentiary.
Blackgate Penitentiary (also known as Blackgate Prison) is a fictional prison depicted in the DC Universe, traditionally located near Gotham City. While the local Arkham Asylum may house those in need of mental health services, Blackgate is a high security institution where criminals such as Penguin, Firefly, and Clayface are incarcerated.
In "", this prison was called "Stonegate."
Code Zoo.
The "Code Zoo" is a proprietary magneto-optical data storage unit used to secure any and all artificial intelligences Checkmate has captured, this means entire programs, and or fragments of code. A.I. like the Thinker and the Kilg%re.
Concord Federal Penitentiary.
Concord Federal Penitentiary is a maximum security women's prison located in Manhattan, New York. Its most infamous inmate was the original Killer Frost (Dr. Crystal Frost). Killer Frost broke out of Concord, killing the warden and several guards.
First appears in Firestorm vol. 2 #20 (February 1984).
Crowley Penitentiary.
Crowley Penitentiary (also known as Crowley Prison) is Fawcett City's main superhuman prison. Ibac, Sabbac, Captain Nazi, Black Adam, and Doctor Sivana have all been imprisoned within its walls.
The Dark Tower.
The World of the Dark Tower is the other-dimensional home of Lord Joshua Coldrake, the master of "Anti-Magic". Coldrake has the power to negate magic, so his home dimension is used by the Shadowpact to store dangerous magic using criminals until they can be rehabilitated. Coldrake is bound to the world of the Dark Tower for the next few thousand years due to socially inappropriate actions in his youth. The "Dark Tower" itself is a massive castle of black stone. Former prisoner the Warlock's Daughter, was released after serving a one year sentence. Teenage mass murderer Kid Karnevil later escaped the Dark Tower, as the anti-magic did nothing to diminish his savagery. First appears in "Shadowpact" #5 (November 2006).
Devil's Island of Space.
In the pre-Crisis Silver Age, Lex Luthor, Brainiac, and the Legion of Supervillains were once trapped on the Devil's Island of Space. The name is a reference to the real world Devil's Island prison. The Devil's Island of Space first appeared in an eight-page Tommy Tomorrow story from "World's Finest Comics" #117 (May 1961), which was later reprinted in "From Beyond the Unknown" #10 (April 1971). Its final chronological appearance was "Jimmy Olsen" #87 (September 1965).
Eddleton Federal Women's Penitentiary.
Although its location is unknown, Eddleton Federal Women's Penitentiary is somewhere within driving distance of Gotham City. Introduced in "Birds of Prey" #98.
Enclave M.
The Sonora Desert Special Adjunct Holding Facility is located in the Sonora Valley. It is noted as "Belle Reve's Bad Brother". First appearance was in "Villains United" #4.
Fort Rozz.
Fort Rozz was a holding facility for Kryptonian criminals, pending their sentenced exile to the Phantom Zone. The prison and the planet Krypton were both destroyed in a cataclysmic explosion.
Glacier Point.
Glacier Point is a 31st-century minimum security prison located in Antarctica. The facility was often visited by the Legion of Super-Heroes.
Golden Boughs.
The Golden Boughs Retirement Village was introduced in the ongoing Jack of Fables series from DC Comics' Vertigo imprint. The village is overseen by a man known only as Mr. Revise who considers it his duty to capture and neuter Fables. Some of the Fables imprisoned at Golden Boughs are The Tin Man, Mother Goose, The Cowardly Lion, and Paul Bunyan. First appears in Jack of Fables #1 (July 2006).
The Gulag.
In the pages of Kingdom Come #3-4, future versions of Mister Miracle and Big Barda assist Superman in creating and policing the Gulag, an inescapable prison for the future's meta-humans. Superman designates Captain Comet as warden. The massive penal colony is constructed in the Kansas wastelands. The prison is filled to capacity almost as soon as they build it.
Gull Island.
Gull Island is the Earth Two version of Blackgate Prison. notable for a prison riot led by Lionmane, former henchman of Selina Kyle (Catwoman) and mother of Earth Two's Huntress. First seen in Huntress (Helena Wayne) backup stories from Wonder Woman v.1 #277-285.
Hangar 44.
Hangar 44 is a facility on Edwards Air Force Base that tried to reverse engineer the vessel Abin Sur crash landed on Earth. Later, it would become a prison for enemies of the Green Lanterns of Earth.
Haven.
Haven penal facility constructed for political prisoners that resisted Anathema's control of Competalia, the prisoners of Haven would dub themselves the Alliance, retrofit the prison into a space-faring vessel and land on Earth where they were given asylum.
Haven Security Village.
Haven Security Village is a special prison for mad scientists in the DC universe. Prisoners appear to live inside a residential suburb, which is a facade hiding a high tech security system. "52" #2 shows Hector Hammond and T.O. Morrow to be the resident inmates.
Iron Heights Penitentiary.
Iron Heights is a fictional maximum-security prison in which many of the Flash's rogues gallery and other metahuman criminals of Keystone City and Central City are imprisoned. Iron Heights first appeared in "Flash: Iron Heights" (2001). The current warden is Gregory Wolfe.
Located about three miles (5 km) north of Keystone City, Iron Heights is known for its vicious treatment of its prisoners. The metahuman and supervillain prisoners are jailed in an area known as the Pipeline.
Kulani Prison.
The fictional Kulani Prison is based on Kulani Correctional Facility a real life minimum security criminal detention center of the same name. The fictional Kulani is located on the East side of Hawaii. The villain known as King Shark broke out of Kulani killing several guards as seen in Superboy v. 3 #0 (October 1994).
Labyrinth.
The Labyrinth is a special 30th Century rehabilitation facility created during volume 3 and 4 of the Legion of Super-Heroes. It was never re-introduced after the Zero Hour event reset the Legion's future. Labyrinth was created as a replacement for Takron-Galtos, to imprison the future's worst criminals. The facility was linked to a red dwarf star by a stable plasma arc. Notable prisoners were Roxxas, Spider Girl and Mekt Rannz (Legion of Super-Heroes vol. 4 #10).
Lockdown 6.
Lockdown 6 is a S.T.A.R. Labs special holding chamber in the waters near Metropolis. The chamber once held a being known as the Unimaginable as seen in the pages of the second "Supermen of America" mini-series.
Peña Duro.
Peña Duro is an infamous prison located in Santa Prisca, a fictional caribbean country in the DC Comics universe. It was where the Batman villain known as Bane was born, raised, and eventually addicted to the drug known as Venom.
Penitenciaria de San Pedro Sula.
Penitenciaria de San Pedro Sula is a real world prison located in Honduras, known for its overcrowded conditions, excessive violence, and out of control drug trade, appeared as a metahuman prison in the DC Universe in "Villains United: Infinite Crisis Special" #1.
Phantom Zone.
In the pre-Crisis DC Universe, the Phantom Zone is an extra-dimensional "zone", which was discovered by Jor-El and used on the planet Krypton as a method of imprisoning their most dangerous criminals. The Phantom Zone criminals first appeared in the Superboy stories and soon began appearing in the Superman stories. When cast into the Phantom Zone the inmates reside in a ghostlike state of existence from which they may only observe, but not interact with, the DC universe. Inmates do not age or require sustenance in the Phantom Zone; furthermore, while there, they are telepathic and are mutually insubstantial.
In the post-Crisis DCU, the Phantom Zone first appeared when the semi-sentient Kryptonian artifact known as the Eradicator attempted to recreate the planet Krypton on Earth. The extradimensional space in which the Eradicator found the necessary Kryptonian materials was called the Phantom Zone. A Phantom Zone Projector is part of Superman's current Fortress, and it has been used to trap villains such as the White Martians.
Pluto.
In the 853rd century, the Batman is aided by a robot called "Robin The Toy Wonder". This Batman's parents were guards on the prison planet of Pluto and died in a prison riot. First appears in "DC One Million" #1 (November 1998).
The Science-Cells of Oa.
The Science-Cells of Oa is a prison on Oa designed and built by the Guardians of the Universe to contain inter-galactic criminals apprehended and detained by members of the Green Lantern Corps. As of recently, the Death Penalty has been applied to some of the more dangerous criminals, who now reside in Death-Row.
The Slab.
The Slabside Island Maximum Security Prison (also known as the "Slab") is a prison for metahumans. It used to be in New Jersey, but it is now located in Antarctica as depicted in the Joker's "Last Laugh" crossover. The facility's first warden was Shilo Norman.
First appears in Green Lantern Volume 3, # 51 (May 1994).
Source Wall.
The "Source Wall"' lies on the edge of the known universe, in the Promethean Galaxy. Beyond the wall lies what is known as The Source, a cosmic essence or being which, according the residents of Jack Kirby's Fourth World, is the "source" of all that exists. While the wall may be theoretically passable (the Flash has apparently done so in an issue of "Super-Team Family"), usually those who try have become inexorably trapped in it. Over time it has accumulated the trapped forms of many would-be conquerors and curiosity seekers.
Starlag.
Starlag is a planetary prison for superhuman enemies of the Alien Alliance. Ir was last seen in the pages of Invasion. Starlag II is later introduced in the pages of "Valor" by writer Robert Loren Fleming. Starlag II's most powerful prisoner, a being known only as the Unimaginable, was accidentally freed by the Blasters.
State Penitentiary.
This unnamed State Penitentiary is featured in Steve Gerber's DC Focus series, "Hard Time".
Stryker's Island.
Stryker's Island is a maximum security federal prison that serves the DC Comics city of Metropolis. It is located on an island in the West River between New Troy and Queensland Park. Stryker's Island first appeared in "Superman" #9 (September 1987). The name is a play on the similarly located Riker's Island prison in New York.
Takron-Galtos.
Takron-Galtos is a prison planet in the 30th Century setting of the Legion of Super-Heroes whose prisoners include that era's superhuman criminals. It first appeared in "Adventure Comics" #359 (August, 1967).
Timepoint.
The Timepoint is a prison at the end of time. It was originally used by Epoch, a time traveler who after gaining his powers in the year one billion AD began confining criminals to a "pocket dimension" similar to the Phantom Zone.
Transformation Island.
Transformation Island is a small island near the Themysciran coast which served as a rehabilitation facility for reforming criminals like Queen Atomia, Baroness Paula von Gunther, and Cheetah using Amazonian psychotherapy as seen in Wonder Woman vol. 1 #21, (January 1947).
Van Kull Maximum Security Facility.
The Van Kull Maximum Security Facility is a metahuman prison located just outside of Metropolis.
It was introduced in "Power Company: Bork" #1 from (March 2002).
Vũng Tàu.
Vũng Tàu (AKA Con Dao Island) is Vietnam's superhuman prison seen in "Villains United: Infinite Crisis Special" #1. Based on the real world Con Dao Island facility in Vũng Tàu Vietnam.
Wormwood Scrubs.
Wormwood Scrubs is England's other superhuman prison as depicted in the "Villains United: Infinite Crisis Special" #1. Presumably based on the real world HM Prison Wormwood Scrubs, built between 1875 and 1891 by convict labour.
Xebel.
Xebel is a forgotten extradimensional penal colony for an ancient group of separatist Atlanteans, they were locked behind a sealed portal in the Bermuda Triangle. Queen Mera of Atlantis was once incarcerated in Xebel. Mera's sister Siren was also a resident of Xebel.
Image Comics.
Hell of Mirrors.
From Alan Moore's Supreme series. Located in the Citadel Supreme, it is used by Supreme to hold some of his deadliest enemies, including the Televillain, Shadow Supreme and The End. The Mirror Prison first appears in Supreme #53 (September 1997). It is based on the Phantom Zone.
Miskatonic Institute.
The Miskatonic Institute for the Homicidally Distressed is a feature of Alan Moore's Supreme series. Professor Night's greatest foes, such as Jack-A-Dandy, the Lounge Lizard, and Fakeface, have all been incarcerated there. It first appears in "Supreme" #53 (September 1997). It is based on Arkham Asylum, complete with a name from H. P. Lovecraft.
Tartarus.
Seen in the pages of Dynamo 5, Tartarus is a US government-sponsored prison for superhumans that hovers several miles above the ground of an unnamed, apparently desert, area.
Stronghold Penitentiary.
A prison that holds supervillains caught by Invincible and The Guardians of the Globe. The prison has become such a recurring site for supervillain battles that they accepted Atom Eve's offer to keep Invincible on retainer for protection. Currently The Wolf-Man has been incarcerated in the prison.
West Central Prison.
The prison nearby Woodbury, GA inhabited by Rick Grimes's family and fellow survivors as a refuge from the zombie apocalypse in Robert Kirkman's The Walking Dead. The prison is renamed the West Georgia Correctional Facility on the television series based on the comic.
Marvel Comics.
Alcatraz.
Alcatraz is a Californian island prison that was operational in 1859-1963. It held superhuman criminals in special section in the 1940s; the designation "the Alcatraz Annex" has been used in various Marvel handbooks to distinguish it from Alcatraz in general. First mentioned in "Marvel Mystery Comics" #26 (1941), when the android Human Torch's foe the Parrot was being transported there. Later seen in "Human Torch" #8 (1942), when the golden age Angel's foe the Python escaped.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, Alactraz was occupied by H.A.M.M.E.R. where they used it as a detention center for the mutants that the Dark Avengers have apprehended.
Alamogordo.
Alamogordo is a New Mexico nuclear testing facility that held the Armageddon Man and perhaps others in suspended animation. First appeared in "X-Men" vol. 2 #12 (1992).
Anvil.
Anvil is a penal colony on the planet Annoval XIV. It was the site of an attempted breakout by Nebula. First appeared in "Silver Surfer" #74 (1993).
The Big House.
The Big House is a really small prison designed by Hank Pym(Ant-Man). It uses Ant-Man's Pym particles (particles Ant-Man created that can shrink items. It is the same type of technology used in Ant-Man's belt) to shrink villains and keep them there. It is usually located in the S.H.I.E.L.D. Hellicarrier.
There is also a different Big House called the Lang Memorial Penitentiary.
The Cage.
Based on a remote island in international waters, the Cage is a prison that uses a special forcefield to deprive inmates of their superhuman powers.
The Cage was home to four prison gangs: a group of Maggia loyalists, the Skulls (a white supremacist gang that is loyal to Red Skull), the Brothers (a black prison gang), and the Cruisers (a cabal of sexual predators who preyed on the other inmates as best as they could). The Cage was later shut down and its role was replaced by the Raft.
Mystique was imprisoned in The Cage for one day before she escaped in All-New X-Men #14. 
Created by writer Frank Tieri and artist Sean Chen in the pages of "Wolverine" #164 (2001).
Crossmore Prison.
Crossmore Prison is Her (Britannic) Majesty's Ultimate Security Prison. Previously known as Crossmoor.
Deadpool and Juggernaut were known inmates here.
The Cube.
The Cube is a prison for super-powered beings such as Hulk, Abomination, Absorbing Man, and Leader. Its location is undisclosed and only high-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D.-agents know of its existence. It has a special program where prisoners are brainwashed to become obedient soldiers.
The Cube was created by writer Grant Morrison and artist J. G. Jones in "Marvel Boy" #6 (2000).
When last seen in" Civil War: Young Avengers & Runaways" #4, Noh Varr (Marvel Boy) had taken control of the entire facility. During the "Dark Reign" storyline, the Cube served as the base of operations for The Thunderbolts.
In "", the Cube is a prison for gamma-powered supervillains.
Ice Box.
The Ice Box is a Canadian maximum security prison. The Ice Box held a crime lord named Ivan the Terrible.
The Ice Box first appeared in "Maverick" #8.
The Kyln.
The Kyln were a series of artificial moons at the edge of known space, which served both as a superhuman prison and a source of nearly unlimited power. Operations at the Kyln were overseen by the Nova Corps. All life on the Kyln moons was extinguished in "Annihilation Prologue" #1.
Lang Memorial Penitentiary.
Also known as the Pym Experimental Prison #1 (and ironically dubbed "The Big House"). Inmates in this prison are shrunk down using Pym Particles for cheaper storage and easier control. It is also known as the Ant-Hill due to operators using versions of the Ant-Man helmet to influence ants to act as security within the prison.
Known inmates of the facility were 8-Ball, Absorbing Man, Dragon Man, Electro, Figment, Grey Gargoyle, Mad Thinker, Mandrill, Rhino, Sandman, Scarecrow, Scorpion, Silencer, Southpaw, Titania, Tiger Shark, the U-Foes (Ironclad, Vapor, Vector, X-Ray), Vermin, Whirlwind, and the Wrecking Crew (Wrecker, Bulldozer, Piledriver, Thunderball).
Negative Zone Prison Alpha.
Introduced in "" #5, it is a prison originally constructed to house super-villains but which acted as a holding facility for unregistered heroes during the civil war. The portal to the prison is operated by S.H.I.E.L.D. agents. The prison itself is an automated facility. Designed by Reed Richards and built by Stark Enterprises and Fantastic Four Inc., it is located in the Negative Zone. The inmates call the facility "Fantasy Island" and "Wonderland", probably because prisoners who are unable to manipulate technology to their own ends are connected to virtual reality systems.
It is also referred to as "File 42" due to it being the 42nd item on a list written by Tony Stark, Reed Richards and Hank Pym of ways to make a world with super-powered beings safer. The prison is an extremely secure, clean facility with cells custom-designed for each inhabitant. Notable inmates during the war include Daredevil stand-in Danny Rand, Robbie Baldwin and Cloak & Dagger. After the war, it is now used for super-villains, and was known to house at the very least Taskmaster and Lady Deathstrike until Taskmaster made a deal with Camp Hammond to become an instructor and Lady Deathstrike somehow escaped as she appeared in X-Men: Messiah Complex. However, the prison was later overrun by Negative Zone ruler Blaastar.
Known inmates of Prison 42 are Bison, Blizzard II, Cloak and Dagger, Condor, Devos the Devastator, Diablo, Dragon Man, Dreadface, Gorilla-Man II, Grey Gargoyle, Hydro-Man, Iconoclast, Iron Fist (posing as Daredevil), Jack Flag, Kang the Conqueror, Klaw, Lady Deathstrike, Mad Thinker, Mahkizmo, Mandrill, Megaman, Miek, MODOK, Molecule Man, Mole Man, N'Kantu, the Living Mummy, Occulus, Overmind, Prodigy (Ritchie Gilmore), Prowler, Psycho-Man, Puppet Master, Red Ghost and his Super-Apes, Robbie Baldwin, Ruined (B'arr, Exalt, Stem), Skeleton Ki, , Staak, Stegron, Taskmaster, Terrax, Threska, Tinkerer, Trapster, Typeface, and Wizard.
Project Pegasus.
Created in "Marvel Two-in-One" #42 (August, 1978) by writers Mark Gruenwald and Ralph Macchio, Project: Pegasus was originally intended to research alternative (and unusual) forms of energy, but is also used as a prison for super-powered individuals with energy-based powers. It is located in the Adirondack Mountains, New York.
The Raft.
The Raft is a fictional prison facility for super-human criminals (predominantly supervillains) in the Marvel Universe.
Created by writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist David Finch, it first appeared in "The New Avengers" #1 (2005) as the "Maximum-Maximum Security" wing of the Ryker's Island Maximum Security Penitentiary. The Raft is introduced as the setting of a large-scale prison break.
The Raft was later converted into Spider-Island Two by The Superior Spider-Man (Doctor Octopus' mind in Peter Parker's body).
Known inmates of the Raft include Alistair Smythe, Answer, Armadillo, Badd Axe, Beetle, Black Mamba, Blackout, Blizzard, the Blood Brothers, Boomerang, Bushwacker, Carnage, Centurius, Controller, Corruptor, Crossbones, Crusader I, Cutthroat, Dark Beast, Doctor Octopus, Equinox, Ghost, Grey Gargoyle, Griffin, Grizzly, Hydro-Man, Hyperion, Icemaster, Jack O'Lantern, Jigsaw, Juggernaut, Lady Mastermind, Lightmaster, Lizard, Mac Gargan, Man-Bull, Man-Killer, Mister Fear, Mister Hyde, Molecule Man, Moonstone, Morbius, the Living Vampire, Norman Osborn, Ox, Powderkeg, Purple Man, , Razor Fist II, Razorhead, Romulus, Ruby Thursday, Sauron, Scarecrow, Schizoid Man, Shocker, Shockwave, Silk Fever, Skeleton Ki, Slug, Squid, Super-Skrull, Supercharger, Tabitha Smith, Tiger Shark, Titania, , Typhoid Mary, the U-Foes (Ironclad, Vapor, Vector, X-Ray), Vermin, and the Wrecking Crew (Wrecker, Bulldozer, Piledriver, Thunderball).
Ravencroft.
Ravencroft Institute for the Criminally Insane was a maximum security asylum for the mentally ill. Many insane murderers and supervillains were kept at Ravencroft.
The institute was first mentioned in "Web of Spider-Man" #112, written by Terry Kavanagh.
The institute is officially opened in "Web of Spider-Man Annual" #10 (1994). The institute is featured in a number of Spider-Man storylines. Dr. Ashley Kafka was the founder and first director of Ravencroft. John Jameson was head of security. Both were fired in "Spectacular Spider-Man" #246 and Dr. Leonard Samson became Ravencroft's new director. In Leonard Samson's next appearance, he owned a private practice instead of running the institute. The institute reappeared in "Vengeance of the Moon Knight" #3, apparently holding mostly non-superpowered psychopaths and looking more like Arkham Asylum than ever before - even adding an imposing metal gate with the name of the asylum on it, similar to the one used in countless establishing shots of Arkham Asylum.
Known patients at Ravencroft include Carnage, Chameleon, D.K., Doctor Octopus, Electro, Gale, Jackal, Massacre, Mayhem, Mysterio, Prism, Pyromania, Ramon Grant, Shriek, Venom, Vulture, and Webber.
Ravencroft has appeared in "The Spectacular Spider-Man" animated TV series, having housed Electro, Doctor Octopus, Cletus Kasady, John Jameson, and Venom. Also, Chameleon is listed as being held there in Christopher L. Bennett's book "Spider-Man: Drowned in Thunder".
Ravencroft is also mentioned as being used to institutionalize Rhona Burchill in "".
Ravencroft appears in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" where Dr. Kafka is in charge and both Electro and Harry Osborn are prisoners. Set photos indicate that the State University of New York Maritime College is being used to represent Ravencroft Institute in the movie. A plaque dedicated to the memory of Thomas Warren has been seen on the set.
Ryker's Island.
"Ryker's Island" is the Marvel Universe counterpart to the real-world Rikers Island, New York City's largest jail facility, which also includes the 415 acre (1.7 km²) island on which it sits.
The fictional Ryker's houses both conventional criminals and costumed offenders lacking superpowers. Daredevil is held there after his arrest in "Daredevil" vol. 2 #80.
Others held there include Alistair Smythe, Blacklash, Black Tarantula, Blizzard, the Brotherhood of Mutants (Avalanche, Blob, Destiny, Mystique, Pyro), Bullseye, Carnage, Chemistro, Cheshire Cat, Cobra, Commanche, Dontrell "Cockroach" Hamilton, Enforcers (Fancy Dan, Montana, Ox II), Griffin, Hood, Jigsaw, Kingpin, Melter, Mister Hyde, Mr. Fish II, Nitro, Punisher, Rhino, Sandman, Spear, Spider-Man, , Ulik, Venom, Vin Gonzales, Wizard, and the Wrecking Crew (Bulldozer, Piledriver, Thunderball, Wrecker).
Ryker's Island has a special branch for dangerous superhuman criminals called the Raft.
Seagate Prison.
Seagate Prison (also called "Little Alcatraz") where Carl Lucas, a wrongly convicted man, accepted to test Dr. Noah Burstein's experiments that made him a super-being. He changed his name to Luke Cage.
Known inmates of Seagate Prison are Beetle, Commanche, , Noah Burstein, Plantman, Robert Rackham, Shades, Justin Hammer and Trevor Slattery.
The Vault.
The United States Maximum Security Installation for the Incarceration of Superhuman Criminals., known as The Vault, is a defunct prison facility for super-human criminals (predominantly supervillains) in Marvel Comics' Marvel Universe. It first appeared in "Avengers Annual" #15 (1986) and figured prominently in the 1990 Marvel crossover "Acts of Vengeance". It was destroyed in "Heroes for Hire" vol. 1 #1 (February 1997).
Wildstorm Comics.
Biro Island Prison.
From Kurt Busiek's Astro City. First appears in the "Tarnished Angel" storyline from Astro City vol. 2 #14-20. Named after golden age comic book writer Charles Biro, who helped create "Crime Does Not Pay".
Castle Baaleskine.
From the Albion mini-series, used by the British government to confine England's IPC Media/Fleetway superheroes and villains from Britain's Bronze Age of comics, using special high tech cells. Characters such as the Steel Claw, Fishboy and the Spider were interred at Baaleskine. First appears in "Albion" #1 (August 2005).
Halo Corporation.
Homebase of the WildC.A.T.s. While not an official prison, the Halo Corporation's New York office contains several cells to contain superhuman prisoners. Within these cells, prisoners are put into a virtual reality environment that repeats scenarios until the prisoner's criminal behavior improved. The criminal Ladytron undergoes a similar procedure before becoming a member of the WildC.A.T.s. The villain T.A.O. frees all other prisoners to cover his own escape. Whether the new Halo Building in Los Angeles contains similar holding facilities is unknown.
Purgatory Max.
A prison for superhumans based in Antarctica. Officially known as "Purgatory Maximum Security Prison for Metahuman Criminals", it is introduced in "Backlash" #1. A terrorist group destroys the prison and free most inmates in "Gen-Active" #4.
Skywatch.
Skywatch is an orbital satellite that functions as the base of Stormwatch. It also is an official prison with holding facilities for superhuman prisoners. Its most dangerous inmates are the WarGuard, who double as living weapons of mass destruction, only to be freed in the most desperate of times. Most prisoners are kept comatose with cryonics. The prisoners are killed as a side-effect of the Weatherman's escape. Skywatch is destroyed in "WildC.A.T.s/Aliens" #1.
Independents.
Colony.
The Colony prison facility is a planetary prison from Bob Layton's self-published webcomic of the same name. The series is written by Layton and illustrated by Dick Giordano. Colony was originally known as planet Erus.

</doc>
<doc id="5919526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919526" title="Wade High School">
Wade High School

Wade High School is a high school in Griffith, New South Wales, Australia. Wade High School was established in 1971 as Griffith’s second high school. It is a co-educational state public school and has an enrolment of approximately 720 students and 63 staff. Half of its students come from the East Griffith / Driver / Collina area, with the main feeder school being Griffith East Public School. The remainder of the students come from farming areas and smaller places including Yenda, Yoogali, Rankins Springs, Beelbangera, Bilbul and Binya. Many of the students spend a great deal of time travelling to and from school each day, especially those in the Rankins Springs area.
Years Seven and Eight are part of the Middle School years, Years Nine and Ten the School Certificate years and Years Eleven and Twelve the Senior School when Preliminary and Higher School Certificate Courses are completed. Students with satisfactory attendance and progress receive their School Certificate at the end of Year Ten and their HSC at the end of Year Twelve.
Facilities.
The school features two fully renovated kitchens for food technology and hospitality, a large enclosed hall used for indoor sports and gatherings and two computer rooms, one with approximately 30 IBM computers, with 1GB of RAM and Pentium 4 3.2 GHz Processors,and another with the more recent iMacs and a further small computer room conjoined with the music rooms for multimedia fitted with four eMacs (original version). The school library, which is to be used for school related work on tuesdays and wednesday, also contains IBM computers with each named after an author. Recently, after a fire, the school's B Block was renovated. 15 new class rooms were built - each with new equipment and refrigerated air conditioning. The F Block containing seven class rooms was also fitted with refrigerated air conditioning. The school's outdoor sporting facilities include 2 soccer fields, six netball courts, two basketball courts and 2 cricket pitches.
Sporting.
Wade High School hosts annual swimming and athletics carnivals. The swimming carnival is held early in term one at the Griffith Aquatic Centre and the athletics carnival is held in term three at the West End Oval. The school's students are divided into four houses for these carnivals and points are given to each house based on student participation and placement in each event. The four sporting houses of Bradman, Fraser, Laver and Mackay are named after Australian sportsmen. High performing students can progress to regional, zone and state carnivals after the school carnivals.
Wade High and Griffith High School host the Nugan Shield every year, which consists of a series of sporting events.
Wade High has been very successful in the sporting area, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5919558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919558" title="Shake Your Love">
Shake Your Love

"Shake Your Love" (Atlantic 89187, Atlantic UK A9187) is the second single by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson, and the lead off single for her album "Out of the Blue" (LP 81780). Originally recorded in the spring of 1987 for the "Dream Tour," the song is written by Gibson herself and produced by Fred Zarr and engineered by Don Feinberg for BiZarr Music, Inc., with Douglas Breitbart as executive producer ("see also Debbie Gibson"). It reached number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in December 1987 and was her breakthrough single in the U.K., reaching number seven in early 1988. 
Both tracks on the U.S.-specification single also appeared among the six total tracks of the simultaneously released maxi-single (Atlantic DM 86651), which reached number one on the Billboard Hot Maxi-Singles chart.
The music video to support this single, eventually included on Gibson's video album "Out of the Blue" (Atlantic VHS 50123) was set on a facsimile of a drive-in movie theater lot and choreographed by Paula Abdul.
In 2010, Gibson re-recorded the song as an extra track for the Deluxe Edition release of the Japan-exclusive album "Ms. Vocalist".
Track Listing (Atlantic DM 86651).
"Shake Your Love"
(Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5919559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919559" title="Aleksandrovo, Subotica">
Aleksandrovo, Subotica

Aleksandrovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Александрово) is a neighborhood of Subotica, Serbia. 
Name.
It is most commonly known as "Aleksandrovo" (Александрово) or "Šandor" (Шандор), but it is also known as "Novo Naselje" (Ново Насеље). 
Serbian name is Александрово (Cyrillic) or "Aleksandrovo" (Latin).
Croats and Bunjevci call this part of Subotica "Šandor", and the inhabitant of Šandor is called "Šandorčanin".<br>
In Hungarian, this part of Subotica is called "Sándor".<br>
In German sources this village was called "Schandor".
History.
There are traces of older settlements at this location dating from Bronze Age, time of the Sarmatians and Middle Ages.
Aleksandrovo was founded in the 18th century or more exactly in 1786 by Serbs from Subotica. In 1804, Aleksandrovo was officially proclaimed a village. In this time, most of its inhabitants were Serbs, while some Croats (from the group of Bunjevci) lived there as well. Aleksandrovo was a separate municipality for one century until it was joined to Subotica (in 1904).Serb Orthodox church in Aleksandrovo was built in 1818. 
Economy.
Aleksandrovo is home of several big companies, including Bratstvo (steel manufacturing), Subotička Mlekara (milk products), Fidelinka (grain and bread) and 29. Novembar (meat production).
Sports.
There is an wrestling club named "Aleksandrovo" in the neighborhood. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919563" title="Union Pacific 1995">
Union Pacific 1995

Union Pacific 1995 is an EMD SD70ACe diesel-electric locomotive owned by the Union Pacific Railroad (UP). It is the fifth locomotive in the railroad's "Heritage Series" of SD70ACe locomotives painted as tributes to UP predecessor railroads. 1995 is painted in honor of Chicago and North Western Railway, which became a part of UP in 1995.
The locomotive, painted at the Horicon, Wisconsin, shops of Wisconsin and Southern Railroad, was unveiled at a private ceremony for UP's ex-CNW employees at Proviso Yard in suburban Chicago on July 15, 2006, before being publicly displayed at North Western Station (C&NW's former station) in Chicago. After its unveiling, the locomotive pulled freight train MPRCB from Proviso to Council Bluffs, Iowa in conjunction with CNW 8646 and 8701 (a set of GE Dash 9-44CW locomotives still in CNW paint). The 1995 then entered regular revenue service, eventually operating through Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="5919579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919579" title="2006 Mumbai train bombings">
2006 Mumbai train bombings

The 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings were a series of seven bomb blasts that took place over a period of 11 minutes on the Suburban Railway in Mumbai, the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra and the nation's financial capital. The bombs were set off in pressure cookers on trains plying the Western line of the Suburban Railway network. 209 people were killed and over 700 were injured.
The blasts.
Pressure cooker bombs were placed on trains on the western line of the suburban ("local") train network, which forms the backbone of the city's transport network. Pressure cookers were used in this bombing and other recent explosions to increase the afterburn in a thermobaric reaction, more powerful than conventional high explosives. The first blast reportedly took place at 18:24 IST (12:54 UTC), and the explosions continued for approximately eleven minutes, until 18:35, during the after-work rush hour. All the bombs had been placed in the first-class "general" compartments (some compartments are reserved for women, called "ladies" compartments) of several trains running from Churchgate, the city-centre end of the western railway line, to the western suburbs of the city. They exploded at or in the near vicinity of the suburban railway stations of Matunga Road, Mahim, Bandra, Khar Road, Jogeshwari, Bhayandar and Borivali. Home Minister Shivraj Patil told reporters that authorities had "some" information an attack was coming, "but place and time was not known".
The bomb attacks in Mumbai came hours after a series of grenade attacks in Srinagar, the largest city in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. Home Secretary V K Duggal said there was no link between the Srinagar and Mumbai bomb blasts.
Injuries and fatalities.
Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister R. R. Patil confirmed that a total of 200 people were killed and another 714 others have been injured. Additionally, various news organisations have reported that at least 200 people have died and that more than 700 others have been injured. A week after the blasts in Mumbai the confirmed death toll rose to 207. In September 2006 it was confirmed that the death toll had risen to 209.
Response.
A state of high alert was declared in India's major cities. Both the airports in Mumbai were placed on high alert. The western line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network was at first shut down, although some trains resumed service later, and stringent security arrangements, including frisking and searching of commuters, were instituted on the other lines of the network. The city's bus service, the BEST, pressed extra buses into service to transport stranded commuters home.
The Prime Minister also held a security meeting at his residence attended by Home Minister Shivraj Patil, National Security Advisor M K Narayanan, and Home Secretary V K Duggal.
Resumption of services and return to normality.
Western Railway services were restored on 11 July by 10.45 pm. As a show of investor confidence, the Mumbai Stock Exchange rebounded, starting the day with the BSE Sensex Index up by nearly 1% in morning trade. Foreign investors also retained confidence, with the Sensex up almost 3% at 10,930.09 at the end of the day's trade.
Rescue and relief operations.
However a study commissioned by former MP Kirit Somaiya noted that that only 174 of the 1,077 victims had received compensation through the Railway Claims Tribunal. For the handicapped victims, only 15 out of 235 eligible cases had been taken care of. Regarding the Prime Minister's promise to India concerning the rehabilitation of the victims, L. K. Advani noted that "none of the above mentioned assurances has been fulfilled to any degree of satisfaction"
Sources of information.
Due to the mobile phone networks being jammed, news channels such as NDTV ran tickertapes with information of injured individuals as well as SMS messages from those who wished to contact their families. Reports indicated that at around 18:00 UTC on 11 July (midnight in Mumbai), the phone networks were restoring service; telephone service was completely restored during the night.
Mumbai Help, a blog run by around thirty bloggers, was a useful source of information, especially for those outside India.
Investigation.
Some 350 people were detained 36 hours after the incident in Maharashtra — police claim that these are people rounded up for investigations. On 14 July, Lashkar-e-Qahhar, a terrorist organisation possibly linked to Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), claimed responsibility for the bombings. In an e-mail to an Indian TV channel, the outfit says it organised the bombings using 16 people who are all "safe". According to the e-mail, the main motive seems to have been a retaliation to the situation in the Gujarat and Kashmir regions, possibly referring to the alleged oppression of Muslim minorities in certain parts of the region. It also says that the blasts were part of a series of attacks aimed at other sites such as the Mumbai international airport, Gateway of India, the Taj Mahal in Agra and the Red Fort in New Delhi. The authorities are investigating this claim and are trying to track the location of the e-mail sender. However, on 17 July, the forensic science laboratory Mumbai has confirmed the use of a mixture of the highly explosive RDX and Ammonium Nitrate for the bombings. The presence of these explosives in the post explosive debris was confirmed by modern techniques such as Liquid Chromatography with mass detector (LCMS), Gas Chromatography with mass detector (GCMS) and Ion Scan Chromatography. They have indicated a strong possibility of all explosives being planted at the Churchgate railway station, which was the starting point for all affected trains.
Initially, religious extremists from the Lashkar-e-Toiba and the banned Students Islamic Movement of India terrorist groups, and Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI were the prime suspects. Both Lashkar and SIMI denied responsibility for the bombings. There was also evidence about the involvement of the international Islamic terrorist group Al-Qaeda following a phone call from a man claiming to be a spokesperson for the group on 13 July. The alleged al-Qaeda spokesman had said the blasts were a "consequence of Indian oppression and suppression of minorities, particularly Muslims."
On 30 September 2006 CNN reported that "The Indian government accused Pakistan's military spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence, of planning the 11 July Mumbai train bombings that killed 209 people".
Arrests.
On 21 July 2006 police arrested three people suspected to be involved in the bombings. Police have detained more than 300 suspects since 18 July but these are the first arrests in the case. Two of the men were detained on Thursday in the northern state of Bihar and the third later in Mumbai. All three are said to belong to the banned SIMI organisation. 
On the same day, Abdul Karim Tunda was thought to be arrested in Mombasa, Kenya on suspicions of involvement in the train bombings. but it was the wrong person. He was one of India's most wanted men and also a suspected organiser for the banned Islamic militant group Lashkar-e-Toiba. He was arrested in 2013 near the Nepal border.
In late 2006, all the seven key accused in the Mumbai train blasts in July retracted their alleged confession to the police, saying they were illegally forced to sign blank papers, an Indian TV channel reported.
Muslim reaction to the arrests.
Following the blasts, almost immediately, police arrested hundreds of Muslims for the investigation purposes. Muslims alleged they were the victims of police witch-hunts. Although the police denied singling out any group, the critics retorted that police had been mostly raiding the Muslim dominated-pockets in India.
The imam of India’s largest mosque — the Jama Masjid in New Delhi — Syed Ahmed Bukhari said, “Of course this is a deliberate targeting of Muslims”. Another Muslim leader Anees Durrani echoed Imam Bukhari’s views. He said, “very biased against Muslims”. He further added, “You can see that very plainly by the way the investigations are proceeding. Leaders of Indian Muslims have condemned the Mumbai blasts and others before 11 July. No one knows who carried out the blasts but the needle of suspicion is always pointed towards us”.
Continuing investigation.
M K Narayanan, the Indian National Security Advisor, has said that India doesn't have "clinching" evidence of the involvement of ISI in the Mumbai train blasts of 11 July.
"I would hesitate to say we have clinching evidence but we have pretty good evidence," he was quoted as saying on CNN-IBN.
Following Narayanan's remarks, the Union Home Secretary V.K. Duggal on Monday characterised the evidence as "very good [...] it is fairly solid evidence,".
On 25 September 2008, Hindustan Times reported that "the Crime branch also learnt that the men 2008 Delhi bombings are those very operatives who had introduced themselves as Pakistanis to perpetrators of 11 July 2006 Mumbai train bombings
Involvement of Indian Mujahideen.
On 27 February 2009, Sadiq Sheikh, an arrested leader of the Indian Mujahideen confessed to his alleged role in the bombings in a news channel broadcast
. He claimed to have engineered the pressure cooker bombs with his associates in a flat in central Mumbai. If verified, these allegations could invalidate the previous claims by the ATS that the ISI or the SIMI were involved. Sadiq states in his confession, ‘‘All five of us arranged local first class train passes beforehand. We also had the local train time table with us so that we could choose a train as per our convenience. We purchased bags and pressure cookers in Bombay.’’ He also claimed to have misled investigators by blaming the attacks on the Al-Qaeda.
On 6 April 2013, IM co-founder Sadiq Sheikh declared hostile witness by defence advocates.
Impact.
Heightened security measures.
In wake of the blasts, the Indian government tightened security in railway stations. Under new restrictions passed by the Ministry of Railways, non-passengers would no longer be allowed on the railway platforms after July 2006. Other major security steps include installation of close circuit televisions inside the stations for round-the-clock vigil and installation of metal detectors.
Statements in response.
Various senior political figures from India and around the world condemned the attacks. In India, Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh was quick to call for calm in Mumbai, while President Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, Railways Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav, and president of the Indian National Congress Sonia Gandhi also issued statements regarding the bombings in Mumbai. Officials from other nations offered their condolences to those affected by the bombings. Officials, from Pakistan which has long feuded with India, and the United Kingdom, which was the target of similar attacks the previous July, were among those who denounced the attacks in Mumbai as well as terrorism as a whole. Several terrorist groups, including Lashkar-e-Toiba and al-Qaeda, made comments — both in condemnation and condonation — about the attacks as well.
Memorial service.
A memorial service was held in Mumbai on 18 July at 6:25 pm local time — exactly one week after the blasts. President Abdul Kalam, his hand raised to his forehead in salute, led the two-minute silence as people lit candles and placed wreaths at Mahim station, one of the seven places on the suburban rail network hit by bombs. Sirens sounded across Mumbai marking the memorial service. People gathered at the site of the blasts, in railway stations on the city's Western Line, traffic came to a halt, It interrupted films and observed a moment of silence to pay homage to the victims.
Setback for the India-Pakistan peace process.
Following the bomb attacks, Minister of State of External Affairs E. Ahamed announced on 14 July that India would suspend the talks with Pakistan until President Pervez Musharraf abides by his 2004 promise of ending all support to cross-border terrorism. However, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has conveyed India's willingness to be flexible with Pakistan following Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf's statements that ending the three-year long peace process would signal a victory for the separatist terrorists.
On 16 September at the summit of the Non-Aligned Movement in Havana Cuba, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and President Pervez Musharraf made a joint statement announcing that the two countries would resume formal peace negotiations and set up a joint agency to tackle terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="5919594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919594" title="Out of the Blue (Debbie Gibson song)">
Out of the Blue (Debbie Gibson song)

"Out of the Blue" is the third single by American singer-songwriter-actress Deborah Gibson. Written by Gibson herself, co-produced and co-arranged with Fred Zarr, with Douglas Breitbart as executive producer, the single is identical to Track 1 of Gibson's debut album. Released as a single in January 1988, "Out of the Blue" gave Gibson her highest chart placing at the time by reaching number three in the U.S. In the UK, it did slightly less well than her two previous singles, stalling at number nineteen.
As a maxi single, "Out of the Blue," like "Shake Your Love" before it, took number one on the Billboard Hot Maxi Singles chart.
In 2010, Gibson re-recorded the song as an extra track for the Deluxe Edition release of the Japan-exclusive album "Ms. Vocalist".
Track listing.
"Out of the Blue"
(Deborah Gibson) Music Sales Corp., ASCAP

</doc>
<doc id="5919600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919600" title="Heinrich I von Müllenark">
Heinrich I von Müllenark

Heinrich I von Müllenark (also Mulnarken) (1190–1238) was the Archbishop of Cologne within the Holy Roman Empire from 1225 until 1237.
Life.
Little is known of Heinrich's life before being elected archbishop. Before he was appointed Provost in Bonn, he was called by the surname "Leinenhose".
Heinrich was elected Archbishop of Cologne on 15 November 1225, one week after the murder of the previous archbishop, Engelbert I of Berg. Heinrich set out immediately to punish the conspirators in the murder, and he received necessary rights and equipment from the Holy Roman Emperor, Frederick II, and Pope Honorius III. A bounty of 2,000 silver marks was placed on the head of the lead conspirator, Frederick I of Isenberg, and his castles were besieged and captured. After travelling to Rome to have his excommunication lifted, Frederick was captured in Liège and sold to Cologne, where he was executed on 14 November 1226 at the Severin Gate.
Heinrich continued the policy of his predecessors to increase the power and territories of the archbishopric. He entered into long and costly conflicts with the counts of Mark and Cleves, and the city of Cologne. He was forced to concede the weakness of the prince-bishopric, and he had to recognise municipal rights on several Westphalian towns. Despite the temporal failures of Heinrich's reign, spiritually Cologne flourished. 
Heinrich was excommunicated in 1233. 
Heinrich was interred in Cologne Cathedral after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5919608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919608" title="Alexander Zavyalov">
Alexander Zavyalov

Alexander Alexandrovich Zavyalov (; born June 2, 1955) is a former Soviet/Russian cross country skier who competed in the early 1980s, training at Armed Forces sports society. He won a bronze in the 50 km at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York and two silvers at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo (30 km, 4x10 km).
Zavyalov also won two medals at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in the 4x10 km (tied with Norway) and a silver in the 15 km.
Zavyalov graduated from Smolensk Institute of Physical Culture (1978). He was awarded Order of Lenin in 1983.
Was known as the Sovie-Jet.

</doc>
<doc id="5919615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919615" title="Sandor Elès">
Sandor Elès

Sandor Elès (sometimes credited as Sandor Eles, without the grave accent; born ; 15 June 1936 - 1 September 2002) was a Hungarian-born actor.
Born in Budapest, Elès was orphaned during World War II, and emigrated to the United Kingdom during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 against the former USSR. He began his acting career on stage, and went on to appear in a host of television roles. These included the ITC series "Danger Man", "The Baron", "The Saint", "Timeslip" and "Jason King". He also made appearances in "The Avengers", "The Professionals" ,"Strange Report" and "Upstairs, Downstairs". Often cast in generic 'foreigner' roles (diplomats, waiters, desk clerks), he most often played Frenchmen.
One of his most memorable film roles was as the mysterious Paul in the Brian Clemens thriller "And Soon the Darkness". He also had major roles in the Hammer Horror movies "Countess Dracula" (1971) and "The Evil of Frankenstein" (1964) as well as appearing for four years in the 1980s as the scheming restaurant manager, Paul Ross, in the UK soap opera "Crossroads".
In 1996 Sandor Elès returned to his cultural roots, appearing as the narrator in the Bartók opera, "Bluebeard's Castle". The concert performances, given by the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra under Bernard Haitink, were recorded for CD.
Selected filmography.
"And Soon the Darkness"(directed by Robert Fuest,eng.) : film 1970, role: Paul

</doc>
<doc id="5919619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919619" title="The Science of Getting Rich">
The Science of Getting Rich

The Science of Getting Rich is a book written by the New Thought Movement writer Wallace D. Wattles and published in 1910 by the Elizabeth Towne Company. The book is still in print after 100 years. It was a major inspiration for Rhonda Byrne's bestselling book and film "The Secret" (2006). According to "USA Today", the text is "divided into 17 short, straight-to-the-point chapters that explain how to overcome mental barriers, and how creation, not competition, is the hidden key to wealth attraction." 
Historical context.
This book is based on the Hindu philosophies that One is All, and that All is One (Page one of Preface). "The Science of Getting Rich" is based upon what Wattles called "the Certain Way of Thinking." According to Mitch Horowitz, the editor-in-chief of the Jeremy Tarcher imprint of Penguin Books, which reprinted "The Science of Getting Rich" in 2007, Wattles' "Certain Way" descended from the "mental healing movement" that had started earlier with Phineas P. Quimby in the mid-19th century. As Horowitz explained to a reporter from the "Washington Post", after experiencing relief from physical symptoms of discomfort or illness through Quimby's mental strategies, people began to wonder, "If my state of mind seems to have a positive influence over how I feel physically, what other things can it do? Can it lead to prosperity? Can it lead to happiness in my home? Can it lead to finding love and romance?" One result of such questioning was Wattles's application of Quimbian "mental healing" strategies to financial as well as physiological situations.
Wattles, who had formerly been a Methodist, ran for office as a Socialist candidate in Indiana in 1916. He included the word science in the title, reflecting a secular approach to New Thought though also thereby borrowing from the then widespread popularity of Christian Science and its offshoots as he wrote about business prosperity, mind training, and success in the material world. The mental technique that he called "thinking in the Certain Way," was intended to establish a state of positivity and self-affirmation. According to Horowitz, mental healing and positive thinking theories for prosperity were joined by late 19th century trends such as Transcendentalism and a belief in the power of science and that "All these currents came together, and this philosophy that we call 'New Thought,' was born out of them. It's as American as an old-growth forest."
The contents, with chapter titles like "How to Use the Will" and "Further Use of the Will" advance Wattles' concept of the "Certain Way."; similar keywords about will power, mastery, and success are found in the writings of contemporary early 20th century authors Charles F. Haanel ("The Master Key System"), the Methodist minister Frank Channing Haddock ("Power of Will", "Power for Success", "Mastery of Self for Wealth Power Success"), and Elizabeth Towne ("How to Grow Success"). Towne published other books and magazine articles by Wattles: "The Science of Getting Rich" (1910) is a companion volume to the author's book on health from a New Thought perspective, "The Science of Being Well" (1910) and his personal self-help book "The Science of Being Great" (1911). All three were originally issued in matching bindings.
Influence.
"The Science of Getting Rich" preceded similar financial success books such as "The Master Key System" by Charles F. Haanel (1912) and "Think and Grow Rich" by Napoleon Hill (1937). In the 100 years since its publication, it has gone through many editions, and remains in print from more than one publisher.
"The Science of Getting Rich" was credited by Rhonda Byrne as one of the inspirations for her popular 2006 film and 2007 book "The Secret". As Byrne explained it on the web site of Oprah Winfrey, "Something inside of me had me turn the pages one by one, and I can still remember my tears hitting the pages as I was reading it. [...] It gave me a glimpse of The Secret. It was like a flame inside of my heart. And with every day since, it's just become a raging fire of wanting to share all of this with the world."
"The Science of Getting Rich" was brought to worldwide attention via The Science of Getting Rich Network in 1999. The book was made freely available from the website www.scienceofgettingrich.net by Rebecca Fine after her life was transformed by using the principles the book teaches. In 2002, questions from avid readers all over the world inspired Rebecca to create an online course, The Science of Getting Rich for Practical Geniuses, which thousands of students credit with showing them how to change every aspect of their lives by changing their thinking. The SOGR Network still flourishes today and many people claim to have had huge successes through using the information contained in the book.
When Tarcher/Penguin reprinted the book in 2007, their initial print run was 75,000 copies.
The continuing influence of "The Science of Getting Rich" is such that in addition to reprints and audio versions of the book itself, there are a number of web domains whose names are based on its title.
The book is included in personal development scholar Tom Butler-Bowdon's list of "50 Success Classics" in his 2004 book of that name.

</doc>
<doc id="5919625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919625" title="San Gennaro Vesuviano">
San Gennaro Vesuviano

San Gennaro Vesuviano is a village of 10,100 people located in the province of Naples in Southern Italy.
Geography.
San Gennaro Vesuviano is located in the country-side area around Nola (the so-called “agro Nolano") approximately 25 kilometers east of Naples and nine kilometers from Nola. It is connected to the A30 Caserta-Salerno highway both through the Palma Campania junction and the SS-268 (a state-run toll-free road). There is also a Trenitalia train station called “Palma-San Gennaro”. A shuttle is available downtown to reach the local Circumvesuviana train Station in Rione Trieste.
History.
The early human settlements in the area are very old. The comune of San Gennaro Vesuviano is positioned in the site of the Pianura Campana (the Campania Plain – once named the Planum Palmae) now best known as ‘Il Piano” and surrounded by the Vesuvius and the Mountain “Sant’Angelo”. The Piano represents a natural link between the agro sarnese-nocerino and the agro-nolano, two distinct countryside areas.
Recent archeological findings date early settlements back to the Bronze Age, around 2000 b.c., when a sudden eruption of the Mont Vesuvius wiped out the ancient communities settled in the area. Only several centuries later did new settlers repopulate the area.
In 1631 by means of a deed properly executed by notary Galeota at the Episcopal curia of Nola, Mr. Scipione Pignatelli, count of San Valentino and marquis of Lauro, made a prosperous bequest in favor of the monastic order of the Padri Minori Riformatori of San Francesco. The marquis also initiated an annual trade-fair that is still organized yearly.
The bequest to the Franciscan clerics, included among other things, a piece of land in what at the time was within the boundaries of Palma Nolana (now Palma Campania), to build a Franciscan convent and a small adjoining community.
The inhabited center around Cavallerizza and Convento, grew to become a neighbourhood of Palma Campania and later a self-governing entity by decree of King Ferdinando II di Borbone.
Famous people.
Father Angelo Peluso.
Father Angelo Peluso, a Franciscan monk, was born on September 13, 1801 in San Gennaro Vesuviano, when the small village was an hamlet in the neighboring town of Palma Campania. He was very young when he vowed to the clerical order at the age of 18, in a ceremony officiated at the local Franciscan convent.
In 1820-1821, during the Neapolitan risings led by Nolan military officers Morelli and Silvati and abbot Luigi Menichini, the monk was temporally allocated at the church of Sanita’ in Nola. The following years were remarkably harsh for the people of San Gennaro Vesuviano. Following the failure of the Carbonari insurrections, the community was burdened with higher taxes and increased financial requirements to repair the buildings damaged by the Vesuvius eruption of 1822 and the floods of 1823.
In those years, persistent abuses from the government of Palma Campania inspired a sense of desperation, rage and hopelessness among the residents of the small “contrada” of San Gennaro. 
In 1832, new insurrectionist thrills shook the institutions of Naples and Italy. Father Angelo Peluso conceived and led a rebellion drawing national attention to the small Vesuvian village.
Such rising known as the “conspiracy of Father Angelo Peluso” or just as the “Conspiracy of the monk” failed likely for lack of preparation of the co-conspirators who were not fit, psychologically and culturally, to undertake an ongoing rebellion conceived by the revolutionary cleric. 
However, some fellows fiercely backed up the Father until the end: Mr. Domenico Morici from Calabria, Captain of the Corps of military engineers; Lieutenant Filippo Agrestri; Mr. Francesco Vitale, a local attorney, and a fellow Luigi D’Ascoli: a rich landowner. According to the trial record, among thousands of insurrectionists who were supposed to gather on the mountains between Lauro and Taurano, only a small group of 27 showed up for the important congregation after a man Pietro Russo had already reported the intentions of conspirators to the local police authorities.
Father Angelo, now a fugitive, found temporary shelter in the Church of the Sanita’. There, he was arrested on September 14 and later given the death penalty. The punishment was commuted to life-imprisonment by decree of King Ferdinando II. The monk died in 1854 in a secluded cell at the penitentiary of the Holy Office. On November 4, 1975, the town council of San Gennaro Vesuviano laid a memorial tablet on the main façade of the Franciscan Convent.
Local government.
The independence of San Gennaro Vesuviano dates back to 1841 when King Ferdinando II di Borbone issued a decree to recognize the independence of the Vesuvian hamlet (until then identified as “contrada San Gennaro”) from Palma Campania. The local government has since then been dissolved more than once and periodically administered through an external prefect commissioner. More recently, Italian President of Republic Carlo Azeglio Ciampi ordered the dissolution of the City Hall Government by decree on November 6, 2001 due to undue external influence by the local Camorra clan.
Economy.
Major Industries and Trading.
Nowadays, San Gennaro Vesuviano belongs to a larger industrial district which consists of a territorial consortium of small businesses with a discernible specialization in the general manufacturing industry. Such businesses can somehow carry out an efficient manufacturing process and are able to compete against larger companies. 
This situation is the result of consolidated reciprocal partnerships and solid commercial relationships made possible by a marked familiarity with the territory, mutual knowledge sharing and know-how dissemination.
The relevant territorial district is led by the township of San Giuseppe Vesuviano which favors the industries of textile, clothing, and fabric manufacturing. These industries are not as developed in San Gennaro Vesuviano where, conversely, there is a noticeable business presence operating in the field of food processing. 
The growing globalization, the prevailing family-oriented proprietary structure and erroneous managerial choices have substantially annihilated the once flourishing industry of plastic connectors supplying, nationally and internationally, construction companies and major general contractors.
Agriculture and Farming.
Despite the recent overpopulation which makes it similar to a degrading metropolitan outskirt, agriculture is still employed by a number of local farmers and small landowners as a prevailing mean of economical support in San Gennaro Vesuviano.
In particular, hazelnut, grain and tobacco growing ("nicotina tabacum": indigenous of North-America) as well as vineyards (although the local grape varieties are not particularly valuable) are still common in San Gennaro. Green vegetable growing is generally only intended for personal consumption and there is no significant tomato growing which is nonetheless very common throughout the whole adjacent farming area of the “agro nocerino-sarnese”.
A limited availability of farming land promotes intensive over extensive cultivation and favors the widespread use of chemical fertilizers and herbicides. On the other hand, financial shortage and backwardness limit the use of industrial machinery for farming, harvesting and on-site processing.
At the present, pig and cow breeding are not relevant industries. There are several specialized horse breeders.

</doc>
<doc id="5919631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919631" title="Douce Dame Jolie">
Douce Dame Jolie

"Douce Dame Jolie", sometimes referred to only as 'Douce Dame', is a song from the 14th century, by the French composer Guillaume de Machaut. The song is a virelai, belonging to the style ars nova, and is one of the most often heard medieval tunes today. Most modern recordings omits the lyrics, however. 
One of the most famous musical pieces of the Middle Ages, 'Douce Dame' has been performed by a plethora of artists, mostly but not always in medieval style. Among others are Annwn (with lyrics), Ayragon (with lyrics), Theo Bleckmann (with lyrics), Els Berros de la Cort, Corvus Corax, Schelmish, Dr Cosgill, Fable of the Bees, Filia Irata, Två fisk och en fläsk (with lyrics), Wisby Vaganter, A La Via! (with lyrics), Lisa Lynne, John Renbourn Group (with English lyrics), WirrWahr, Wolfenmond, Saltatio Mortis and Angels of Venice (soprano Christina Linhardt, harpist Carol Tatum).
Full French lyrics.
<poem>
Douce dame jolie,
Pour dieu ne pensés mie
Que nulle ait signorie
Seur moy fors vous seulement.
Helas! et je mendie
D'esperance et d'aïe;
Dont ma joie est fenie,
Se pité ne vous en prent.
Douce dame jolie...
Qu'il n'a de riens envie
Fors d'estre en vo baillie;
Et se ne li ottrie
Vos cuers nul aligement.
Douce dame jolie...
A jointes mains deprie
Vo cuer, puis qu'il m'oublie,
Que temprement m'ocie,
Car trop langui longuement.
Douce dame jolie...
</poem>
From: http://www.medieval.org/emfaq/composers/machaut/v4.html
Modern French translation.
Douce dame jolie,

</doc>
<doc id="5919642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919642" title="Stanley Schumacher">
Stanley Schumacher

Stanley Stanford Schumacher (born June 12, 1933) was speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and a member of the Canadian House of Commons from Alberta, Canada.
Early life.
He was born in Hanna, Alberta to parents Louis and Gladys Schumacher. In 1968, he was married to Virginia Brodie with whom he had two children Sandra and David. 
He attended school in Dorothy and Drumheller, Alberta before attending the University of British Columbia where he received his Law Degree. He returned to Drumheller where he practiced law.
Federal political career.
Schumacher first ran for the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in the 1968 Federal election, and was elected to represent Palliser in Alberta. He would serve in the Canadian House of Commons for a total of three terms.
As a result of redistribution for what would be the 1979 federal election, Progressive Conservative leader Joe Clark and Schumacher saw their ridings abolished. Schumacher intended to seek the nomination in the new riding of Bow River which included much of his old district, but was asked by party officials to step aside in favour of Clark, and seek another riding instead. Schumacher refused and while Clark ended up running in Yellowhead, Schumacher was challenged for the Bow River nomination by Gordon Taylor and lost in a controversial meeting in which Schumacher's supporters alleged that people who were not bona fide members of the party voted. Schumacher's former assistant, John Aimers, resigned from the party in January 1978 in protest accusing the national executive engineering Schumacher's defeat.
On February 28, 1978 Schumacher left the party in order to sit as an Independent. His tenure as an Independent member lasted until his defeat in the 1979 federal election. In that election he ran in the new electoral district of Bow River but lost to Taylor.
Provincial political career.
In the 1986 Alberta general election Schumacher ran for the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta in Drumheller electoral district. His first role in the Legislative Assembly was Deputy Speaker, he served that position for until 1993.
Schumacher became Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in 1993 after the retirement of David Carter.
He retired in 1997 from politics after the dissolution of the 24th Legislature after serving a total of three terms as an MLA.
Late life.
After his career in the provincial legislature he served on the Alberta Surface Rights and Land Compensation boards where he eventually became Chairman. 
In November 2012, Schumacher received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal (he previously received the Silver and Golden Jubilee Medals) in recognition for his public service contributions to Albertans and Canadians over the past 45+ years.
Currently, he is practicing law with Schumacher, Gough, and Company and resides with his wife Virginia in Drumheller.

</doc>
<doc id="5919645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919645" title="Foolish Beat">
Foolish Beat

"Foolish Beat" (Atlantic 89109; Atlantic UK A9059) is the fourth single, and the first ballad release, from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson. Originally recorded in the winter of 1987 for the "Dream Tour," months prior to its inclusion on her album "Out of the Blue" (LP 81780), this made Gibson the youngest person to write, produce and sing a number-one single entirely on her own when "Foolish Beat" hit the top of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in the summer of 1988.
In the United Kingdom, the single reached a peak position of number nine on the UK Singles Chart. The single was released in Japan as the B-side to "Out of the Blue" on Atlantic Japan 10SW-15.
In 2010, Gibson re-recorded the song as an extra track for the Deluxe Edition release of the Japan-exclusive album "Ms. Vocalist".
Track Listing (Atlantic DM 86556).
All songs written by Debbie Gibson - Music Sales Corp., ASCAP
"Foolish Beat"
"Only in My Dreams"
"Medley: Out of the Blue - Shake Your Love - Only in My Dreams"
Legacy.
"Foolish Beat" ranked at number three on VH1's "40 Most Awesomely Bad Break-up Songs... Ever".

</doc>
<doc id="5919649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919649" title="Mimosa (ship)">
Mimosa (ship)

The Mimosa was a clipper ship best known for carrying the first Welsh emigrants to South America in 1865.
Voyage to Patagonia.
By the time "Mimosa" made the voyage she was already past her prime, having been built in 1853 at Hall's shipyard in Aberdeen. She had not been designed to carry passengers, but had been converted for the purpose. The cost of fitting provisioning and chartering the ship was £2,500 and the passengers paid £12 per adult or £6 per child for the journey. Before the voyage the emigrants assembled at various points, not always their places of origin, to prepare for the journey, including Aberdare, Birkenhead and Mountain Ash.
"Mimosa" sailed from Liverpool, England on May 28, 1865 to Patagonia, South America with a group of about 153 passengers with Captain George Pepperell and a crew of 18. Thomas Greene, an Irishman from Kildare, had been appointed as ship's surgeon. They landed on July 28, 1865 and named their landing site Porth Madryn. They were met by Edwyn Cynrig Roberts and Lewis Jones who had already arrived in Patagonia in June 1865 to prepare for the arrival of the main body of settlers. Their aim was to establish a Welsh colony which would preserve the Welsh language and culture. The proposed site for the colony was in the Chubut River valley. On September 15, 1865 the first town in the Chubut colony was named Rawson, and the settlers went on to build the settlements at Gaiman and Trelew.
Welsh emigrants aboard "Mimosa".
The exact number of emigrants who sailed out to Patagonia on the Mimosa remains uncertain. Although one of the original settlers, Richard Jones ("Berwyn"), maintained a register of births, marriages and deaths for many years, most of these original records were lost in the great flood in the Chubut Valley in 1899. In 1875 the Argentine government granted the Welsh settlers ownership of the land which encouraged hundreds of others from Wales to join the colony.
In the early 21st century, approximately 50,000 Patagonians are of Welsh descent, of whom around 5,000 are Welsh speakers. The Welsh-Argentine colony, which became known as "Y Wladfa", remains centered around Gaiman, Trelew and Trevelin.

</doc>
<doc id="5919652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919652" title="Oswald Sanderson">
Oswald Sanderson

Oswald Sanderson (born 1836) was an American businessman, best known for being the son of Harry Sanderson and being involved in the Sanderson family business of shipbuilding, and his later involvement in the Wilson Line of Hull.
The Wilson Line of Hull.
After leaving the family busienss he became Managing Director at Thomas Wilson Sons & Co. from 1901, until its sale to Ellerman Lines in 1916, when Charles and Arthur Wilson brought him into the previously exclusively family run business. From 1902, he was full managing director for 15 years.
He stayed with the firm after selling it to Sir John Ellerman in 1916, after problems with the third generation Wilsons losing interest. Sanderson had a troubled relationship with Ellerman, receiving letters from him daily until his death from liver disease in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="5919654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919654" title="Čerin">
Čerin

Čerin is a town located in the Herzegovina region of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the municipality of Čitluk in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
History.
The town has traditionally been the center of upper Brotnjo. The town was home to the Church of St. Stephen, which was toppled by the Ottoman Empire in 1668. In 1938, HKD Napredak opened a branch office in Čerin.
Demographics.
In 1991, the town had a population of 2,117, composed of 2,087 Croats (99%) and 30 Bosniaks (1%).

</doc>
<doc id="5919667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919667" title="Jon Worthington">
Jon Worthington

Jonathan Alan Spencer "Jon" Worthington (born 16 April 1983) is an English footballer who currently plays for FC Halifax Town. He previously played in the Football League for Oldham Athletic, Huddersfield Town, Yeovil Town, Bradford City and in the Conference Premier for Mansfield Town. He primarily plays as a central midfielder.
Career.
Huddersfield Town.
Born in nearby Dewsbury, Worthington began playing for Huddersfield Town at the age of nine, eventually moving through the club's youth academy and into the first team. He primarily plays as a hard tackling central midfielder. Many Terriers fans regarded Worthington as being the main lynchpin of the Town midfield. Other midfielders have attempted to fill that role such as Michael Collins, Andy Holdsworth, Adnan Ahmed, Mark Hudson and loan signing Ronnie Wallwork, but fans felt that the Town midfield Four was incomplete without Worthington in the middle.
He was made captain in 2004 after previous captain Efe Sodje was stripped of the captaincy after being sent off in a LDV Vans Trophy match against Blackpool which Town lost 6–3 in extra time. He was given the captaincy over Nathan Clarke who was named vice-captain.
Worthington picked up 16 yellow cards in the 2005–06 season. Another other low point was that through injury he missed Huddersfield Town's high profile FA Cup tie against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in 2008.
Following Andy Ritchie's departure as manager of the Terriers in 2008, Worthington was relieved of his captaincy duties by caretaker manager Gerry Murphy, so he could focus on his playing duties. The captaincy was taken up by Robert Page.
Yeovil Town.
After being out of new manager Lee Clark's plans, Worthington moved on loan to Yeovil Town on 30 January 2009. He made his debut the following day in the 1–0 win over Leyton Orient at Brisbane Road. His loan was extended by another month on 3 March, following impressive displays under new player-manager Terry Skiverton. He was recalled on 26 March. However, it was revealed on 17 April, that manager Lee Clark did not see Worthington in his future plans and said he was not going to offer him a new contract.
Oldham Athletic.
On 26 May 2009, he joined Oldham Athletic, becoming Dave Penney's second new signing after Rob Purdie.
In July 2010 he was transfer-listed by the club, along with five other first team players. He joined Fleetwood Town on loan on 18 November 2010 returning on 2 January 2011. On 25 January 2011, he joined Bradford City on a one month emergency loan deal. He was recalled by Oldham after one match and released by the club on 27 January 2011 allowing him to seek another club before the closure of the winter transfer window.
. He then signed signed for Bradford on a permanent basis, signing a four month contract.
Mansfield Town.
In June 2011 it was announced that Worthington had joined Conference Premier side Mansfield Town on a one-year deal 
FC Halifax Town.
In July 2012 he joined FC Halifax Town on a one-year deal. Worthington was played in a more attacking role at Halifax than he had been used to previously in his career, but he had great success including two goals against Abbey Hey in the FA Cup in a 6–0 victory. Worthington also bagged a goal from the edge of the box on Boxing Day 2012 against Gainsborough Trinity. In January 2013, Worthington suffered an injury against Solihull Moors after going in for a challenge which won The Shaymen a penalty. He made his return against Droylsden in February and scored a goal in the 6–0 victory over The Bloods.
Worthington is now a player/physio at The Shaymen.

</doc>
<doc id="5919676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919676" title="Franklin Pierce Homestead">
Franklin Pierce Homestead

The Franklin Pierce Homestead was the childhood home of the fourteenth President of the United States, Franklin Pierce. Located in Hillsborough, New Hampshire, the home was built in 1804 by Pierce's father, Benjamin Pierce. The home is one of Franklin Pierce's probable places of birth, the other now lying beneath the nearby impoundment of Franklin Pierce Lake. Pierce lived at the homestead until 1834 when he married, with the exception of a seven-year span spent away for school, college, and law study. It is now operated by the Hillsborough Historical Society and has been designated a state park. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
The house is located on the east side of Washington Road (New Hampshire Route 31), about 100 yards north of its intersection with New Hampshire Route 9, on a property in the Lower Village area of Hillsborough. It is a two-story hip-roofed wood frame structure whose main block was built in 1804. There are two entries, one on the west (street-facing) facade and one on the south facade. Both are topped by five-light transom windows, and flanked by pilasters which support an entablature and triangular pediment. A two-story wing was added to the rear of the house, probably later in the 19th century. Attached to this wing are a small wellhouse, and a single-story shed connecting the house to a gable-roofed barn.
The interior of the main block has four rooms in the first floor, organized around a central hall and stairs. The parlor is to the left, and the dining room to the right. The kitchen is behind the dining room, and the master bedroom is behind the parlor. On the second floor, the front of the house is taken up by a full-width ballroom, while the back has two bedrooms, each with a dressing room. All of the rooms of the main block were originally decorated with stenciling, some of which has survived. The wing contains a kitchen and laundry below, and bedrooms (presumably for servants) above.
The home remained in the Pierce family until 1925, when it was donated to the state of New Hampshire. It underwent restoration and renovation in the 1940s and the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5919689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919689" title="Keith Jessop">
Keith Jessop

Keith Jessop (10 May 1933 – 22 May 2010) was a British salvage diver and successful marine treasure hunter.
History.
Early life.
Born in Keighley as the son of a penniless Yorkshire mill-worker, he left school without a single qualification, but to make ends meet he started salvaging scrap metal from shallow water wrecks off the coast of Scotland, using the inner tube of a tractor tyre covered in wire mesh as a vessel. Jessop learned to deep dive during further risky recoveries in treacherous waters.
With advances in technology, which allowed longer and deeper dives than ever could be imagined before, his dream of becoming a deep-sea salvager became a reality. Jessop became professionally trained in deep-sea diving and over several decades Jessop had unearthed hundreds of wrecks around the world making several million pounds from his discoveries.
Salvage operations.
It was not, however, until 1981 that Jessop was involved in one of the greatest deep sea salvage operations in history. One day in April 1981 Jessop's survey ship called the "Damtor" began searching for the wreck of the HMS "Edinburgh" in the Barents Sea in the Arctic Ocean of the coast of Russia. The ship had been sunk in battle in 1942 during World War II while carrying payment for military equipment from Murmansk in Russia to Scotland. His company, called Jessop Marine, won the contract for the salvage rights to the wreck of the Edinburgh because his methods, involving complex cutting machinery and divers, were deemed more appropriate for a war grave, compared to the explosives-oriented methods of other companies.
In late April 1981, the survey ship discovered the ship's final resting place at an approximate position of 72.00°N, 35.00°E, at a depth of within ten days of the start of the operation. Using specialist camera equipment, the "Dammtor" took detailed film of the wreck, which allowed Jessop and his divers to carefully plan the salvage operation.
Later that year, on 30 August, the dive-support vessel "Stephaniturm" journeyed to the site, and salvage operations began in earnest. Leading the operation undersea, by mid-September of that year Jessop was able to salvage from the wreck over $100,000,000 in Russian gold bullion—431 bars out of 465—making him the greatest underwater treasurer in history.
His autobiography Goldfinder written in 2001 tells the extraordinary story of Jessop's life and the salvage of such underwater treasures as the HMS Edinburgh. 
Jessop's son, Graham is also a successful deep sea salvage diver having opened his own business.
Death.
Jessop died in France on 22 May 2010, at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="5919690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919690" title="Staying Together (song)">
Staying Together (song)

"Staying Together" is the fifth single from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson, and the fourth released in support of her album "Out of the Blue". However, it did not perform as well as any of the previous singles, stalling at #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The single reached #53 in the UK in 1988. Written by Gibson and originally co-produced and co-arranged with Fred Zarr, this track was edited and co-produced for the single by then-BiZarr Music engineer-understudy Phil Castellano.
Track listing.
"Staying Together"

</doc>
<doc id="5919716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919716" title="Hans Oehler">
Hans Oehler

Hans Oehler (December 18, 1888 - January 7, 1967) was a Swiss journalist and a sympathizer of Nazism. 
Initially a journalist, Oehler turned his attention towards producing pro-German material. Later he was one of the founders of the "Schweizerische Monatshefte für Politik und Kultur" (SM) in 1921. This very quickly became the mouthpiece for the Popular League for the Independence of Switzerland, a group he had participated around the same time which opposed the League of Nations. He briefly met Adolf Hitler when Hitler visited Switzerland in 1923 and became an sympathizer of both Fascist Italy and Othmar Spann.
Although the Popular League proved to be short-lived, Oehler continued to publish SM as an outlet for his political ideas until, in 1932, he joined the New Front. 1934 he had to resign as an editor of SM because of his pro-nazism mindset. With the launch of the National Front in 1934 Oehler took charge of editing the new party's paper "Nationale Front", as well as being appointed foreign affairs spokesman. Ousted from SM by the Front he founded a new paper, "Nationale Hefte" and by 1938 had split from the Front altogether. After the split he joined with Rolf Henne in forming the hardline Nazi "Bund Treuer Eidgenossen Nationalsozialistischer Weltanschauung", another minor group which was absorbed by the Nationale Bewegung der Schweiz in 1940.
Oehler's profile fell as World War II neared its conclusion and he became very much a marginal figure in post-war Switzerland. Having attended a meeting in Munich in 1940 organised to bring together pro-Nazi Swiss leaders, Oehler was tried for treason by a federal court in 1957 and sentenced to two years in prison. Upon his release Oehler became a leading member of the Volkspartei der Schweiz and headed up the Swiss branch of "Nation Europa", an international neo-Nazi journal. He also adopted the pseudonym Hans Rudolf to translate works into German, notably "Nuremberg ou la Terre Promise" of Maurice Bardèche, as well as writing for the far right journal "Turmwart". Oehler continued his political activity up until his death at Dielsdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="5919718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919718" title="List of programs broadcast by Syfy">
List of programs broadcast by Syfy

The following list of TV programs for the U.S. Syfy channel specifies first and second run, past, present, and planned. Niches are separated into dramas, games, reality shows, and sports. Mini-series, original films, and anime are also grouped together. 
Syfy first-run programming.
The following programs first aired in their entirety or had specific seasons on U.S. Syfy channel. 
Current programs.
Programs running on the present schedule are listed below. 
Syfy second-run programming.
Syfy has a long history of buying the rights to air second-run or repeat programming of series no longer in production. Some of these have included:
Past programs.
Many of these used to be aired frequently on S.C.I.F.I. World, a daytime programming schedule started on July 17, 2000, that divided its marathons between five days that concentrated on five particular themes:
This format of airing marathons has continued in some form to this day.
Anime shown on Syfy.
For most of the 1990s, Syfy showed anime films, although they had to be edited in order to be shown on basic cable. The channel's longest running animation block, referred to as Saturday Anime, aired at the start of the channel's broadcast day each Saturday morning. In 2007, Syfy reintroduced anime to their programming via the "Ani-Monday" block. In 2008 the block was shifted to Tuesday; in 2010, to Thursday; and after June 9, 2011, disappeared abruptly, along with the Anime section of the Syfy.com website.

</doc>
<doc id="5919723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919723" title="War Poets Association">
War Poets Association

The War Poets Association is a UK-based charitable organisation established in 2004. Launched at a reception in the British Embassy in Paris, in July 2004, it aims to promote interest in war poetry of the twentieth century, primarily in English. It organises regular events, has a website and publishes an annual journal.
The term "war poet" most commonly refers to the many British soldiers who wrote in passionate terms during the First World War about their experiences in front line trenches. Some of these poems, for example by Wilfred Owen, Isaac Rosenberg and Siegfried Sassoon, have achieved the status of what Poet Laureate, Andrew Motion, has called an almost 'sacred national text' in Britain. The 'war poetry' of the Second World War is different in character. While a relatively small number of poets serving in the armed forces, such as Keith Douglas and Alun Lewis, wrote consciously in the tradition of Owen, Rosenberg and others, most poets writing between 1939-1945 were touched by the conflict, both men and women, and whether they were civilians or in military service.
The War Poets Association is interested in all poetry of conflict written during the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="5919738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919738" title="List of Super Rugby records">
List of Super Rugby records

This list of Super Rugby records is a list of records from the Super Rugby rugby union competition (including its previous names as Super 12 and Super 14), which began in 1996, following a deal with SANZAR and News Limited.
Match records.
Most points (team).
96, Crusaders (vs Waratahs round 12 2002)
Most tries (individual).
4 Tries in a match
Career records.
Most tries.
† Highest scoring forward

</doc>
<doc id="5919761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919761" title="Aliyah (disambiguation)">
Aliyah (disambiguation)

Aliyah is the immigration of Jews to the Land of Israel.
Aliyah may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5919774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919774" title="Val McLane">
Val McLane

Val McLane (born 25 February 1943, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland) is an English actress, scriptwriter, director and teacher.
She founded the Live Theatre Company in Newcastle in 1973 with director Geoff Gillham [http://www.northernpublishers.co.uk/authors/Val_McLane]. She has appeared in numerous television roles, including "When the Boat Comes In", "Behind the Bike Sheds" and some Catherine Cookson adaptations for Tyne Tees Television.
She appeared as Norma, Dennis' (Tim Healy) sister in the second series of "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet". In real life, Val is fellow "AWP" star Jimmy Nail's sister. Other television roles include a role as a secretary in "Our Friends in the North".
Stage roles include Florrie in "Andy Capp: The Musical" at the Aldwych Theatre. She usually appears in the biannual benefit concert "Sunday for Sammy".
She appeared in the films "Wish You Were Here" and "Purely Belter".
She has edited "The Prison Plays" by Tom Hadaway and released "Women in My Past: A Dramatic Monologue", an audio book of dramatic monologue in prose, poetry and song.
She was drama leader at the University of Sunderland. She retired from this post in 2008. She now teaches the BA Honours Bridging Course at Reid Kerr College on behalf of University of Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="5919778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919778" title="James Harford">
James Harford

Sir James Dundas Harford KBE CMG (7 January 1899 – 26 November 1993) was a British diplomat who served as Governor of Saint Helena from 1954 to 1958.
A direct descendant of John Scandrett Harford of Blaise Castle, he was educated at Repton School and Balliol College, Oxford. Between school and university he enlisted as a Second Lieutenant in 2nd Battalion Essex Regiment and saw action in France between 1917 and 1918. After a period as a schoolmaster at Eton College from 1922 to 1926, Harford joined the Colonial Administration Service and was posted to Nigeria (1926–1934).
He was subsequently appointed:
Harford Middle School in Saint Helena is named in his honour.
He was married twice:

</doc>
<doc id="5919796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919796" title="Parisina (Mascagni)">
Parisina (Mascagni)

Parisina is a "tragedia lirica", or opera, in four acts by Pietro Mascagni. Gabriele D'Annunzio wrote the Italian libretto after Byron's poem "Parisina" of 1816.
It was first performed at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan on 15 December 1913.
Mascagni's career.
Mascagni (b. Livorno, 7 Dec 1863; d. Rome, 2 Aug 1945) achieved success early on in his compositional life with one of his most famous operas, "Cavalleria Rusticana". With this opera he overcame at least 70 rival composers to win the Sonzogno competition in 1888. The ensuing fame encouraged a prolific career remembered for the vibrant melodies first heard in "Cavalleria". Indeed Mascagni was also well known abroad. In England he conducted his own operas in the Royal Opera House's 1892 Italian season n London. 
He also embarked on a tour of North America in 1902 returning the following year. Unfortunately his prolific compositional career seemed to exhaust his inventiveness a little and several of his premieres were widely criticised by the public and critics alike. Most notably "Le maschere" which was premiered simultaneously in seven theatres across Italy, the only success being in Rome where Mascagni himself was conducting.
Composition history.
In a bid to regain his previous success Mascagni produced "Parisina" with the help of the librettist Gabriele D’Annunzio who adapted Byron's 1816 poem of the same title. The composer was drawn to the libretto, which was initially meant to be the second part of a trilogy. The first was "Francesca da Rimini" and the third was to be "Sigismondo", which was never even started. The powerful tragic atmosphere and the brilliance of D’Annunzio to create convincing characters was what appealed to Mascagni. 
Within a month of D’Annunzio finishing the libretto Mascagni had begun composing the opera, such was his enthusiasm for the project. His only expressed concern was that of the length of the work. He adored the “transparent simplicty” of the "ringing, melodious verses" which "set his mind on fire" and made his "pulses throb". Unfortunately the creative juices were somewhat stifled when his wife found out about an affair with Anna Lolli and forced him to leave. On his return though he made great progress and finished the opera at the beginning of February 1913 (just 11 months after the libretto was completed). The roles created in Parisina were very demanding both vocally and emotionally. The sweeping phrases are dramatic and accompanied often by equally emotive accompaniment in the orchestra. The swift changes of mood and character are effective and the declamato-arioso style is achieved with brilliance.
Reception.
Unfortunately Mascagni’s fear of the length of the opera was well founded. The opera, in four acts, lasted 3 hours and 40 minutes, which was far too long for the Italian public and critics. The length was condemned by Giovanni Pozza, the most influential Italian critic, in his comment on the first performance. After mentioning the numerous qualities in the work he wrote:
This last statement has subsequently been indefinitely linked with "Parisina", which is rarely revived but when it is, the fourth act, which (according to Stivender and others), contains the best music is generally restored.
Synopsis (three act version).
Act 1.
"In the villa of Marquis Nicolo d’Este."
The Marquis’ son, Ugo, is interrupted by his mother Stella dell’Assassino in the middle of an archery session. Stella, who has recently been replaced by Parisina Malatesta as the matriarch in the family home, is out for vengeance. Assuming that her son is in the same mindset she urges him to do her dirty work.
Act 2.
"In the Loreto sanctuary."
Devotional songs are heard from the sanctuary and from sailors on the Adriatic. Parisina prepares to offer the Virgin her most elegant piece of clothing.
A friend of Ugo d’Este (Aldobrandino) appears to declare that Ugo is close to a victory over the Esclavons. On his return, his stepmother leads him to the sanctuary to kneel together. Ugo gives his sword as an offering to the Virgin. Ugo, bloody and exhausted from battle, stains Parisina’s tunic during an embrace. Overjoyed from his victory, Ugo is carried away by his emotions and they kiss amidst the songs of devotion heard before his arrival.
Act 3.
"In the Belfiore palace."
Parisina becomes mad with worry after confusing the book she is reading (Tristan and Iseult) with reality. In the book Francesca da Rimini is found by her husband with another man. Ugo enters and the couple greet each other. Suddenly Parisina’s maid LaVerde bursts in to announce the return of Nicolo d’Este from his hunting trip. The Marquis discovers his own son in bed with his mistress and condemns them both to be beheaded.

</doc>
<doc id="5919803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919803" title="Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello">
Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello

Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello, is the second greatest hits album by Apocalyptica. 
It consists almost entirely of the band's most notable covers and original songs, however it also contains two new songs: "Repressed" and Slayer's "Angel of Death". The album was released on Tuesday, May 30, 2006.
Limited edition.
The album has two versions: regular and limited. Limited edition included the "Heat"-video and bonustrack "Wie Weit". The quickest orders of this edition received an Apocalyptica key trailer.

</doc>
<doc id="5919837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919837" title="Maurilio De Zolt">
Maurilio De Zolt

Maurilio De Zolt (born September 29, 1950 in San Pietro di Cadore, Province of Belluno) is an Italian cross country skier who competed from 1980 to 1997. His best known victory was part of the 4 x 10 km relay team that upset Norway at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, when he was 43 years old. He also won two silver medals in the Winter Olympics at 50 km (1988, 1992).
Biography.
De Zolt also won six medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, including 1 gold (50 km: 1987), 3 silvers (50 km: 1985, 4 x 10 km: 1985, 1993), and 2 bronzes (15 km: 1985, 50 km: 1991).
At the Opening Ceremony for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin on February 10, he and his 4 x 10 km relay teammates (Giorgio Vanzetta, Marco Albarello, and Silvio Fauner) who won the gold at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, were among the last carriers of the Olympic torch before it was lit by fellow Italian cross country skier Stefania Belmondo. Eighteen years earlier, at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, De Zolt carried the Italian flag during the opening ceremonies.
De Zolt was formerly a firefighter, and once placed second in ladder climbing at the World Fireman Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5919845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919845" title="Viçosa, Alagoas">
Viçosa, Alagoas

Viçosa is a Brazilian town and municipality in Alagoas state. Located inland on the zone of a former portion of the Atlantic Rain Forest, it is 86 km away from the state capital Maceio. Its population was 27,950 (2005) and its area is 354,76 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5919849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919849" title="Zune">
Zune

Zune was a brand of digital media products and services developed by Microsoft. Zune included a line of portable media players, digital media player software for Windows PCs, a music subscription service known as a 'Zune Music Pass', music and video streaming services for the Xbox 360 game console via the Zune Software, music, TV and movie sales, and desktop sync software for Windows Phone. Zune also provides music streaming for United Airlines inflight after a partnership in 2010.
The Zune hardware players were discontinued in October 2011. In June 2012, Microsoft announced plans to discontinue all "Zune" services; instead Microsoft will distribute its digital media content and services under the Xbox Music and Xbox Video brands available on its line of products including Windows 8 PCs and tablets, Xbox 360 game console, and Windows Phone smartphones. The 'www.zune.net' domain now redirects to Xbox's website, but the software will retain the Zune name. The Windows Phone App succeeded Zune Software as the desktop sync service for Windows Phone 8, as part of Microsoft's discontinuation of the Zune brand. However, Zune Software must still be used for Windows Phone 7 desktop sync, and is still available to download from the Windows Phone website for all Windows Phone 7 devices.
History.
First generation.
The first-generation Zune device was created by Microsoft in close cooperation with Toshiba, which took the design of the Gigabeat S and redeveloped it under the name "Toshiba 1089" as registered with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) starting in 2006. Xbox 360 overseer J Allard ran the project, codenamed "Argo," staffed with Xbox and MSN Music Store developers who worked on "Alexandria", finalized as Zune Marketplace. Both products were later united under the Zune brand name in the U.S. market. While some features were praised, the initial Zune has been regarded with derision and jokes for its bulky size and brown color, with "CNET" regarding it at best as a "high-profile underdog alternative to Apple's iPod" where other Windows Media MP3 players from Creative, iRiver, and Samsung had not succeeded.
At midnight on December 31, 2008, many first generation Zune 30 models froze. Microsoft stated that the problem was caused by the internal clock driver written by Freescale and the way the device handles a leap year. It automatically fixed itself 24 hours later, but an intermediate "fix", for those who did not wish to wait, was to drain the device's battery and then recharge after 12 noon GMT on January 1, 2009.
The first generation and later Zune devices included a number of social features, including the ability to share songs with other Zune users wirelessly. Songs that had been transferred over wi-fi could then be played three times over three days.
Second generation.
The second-generation Zune 4, 8, and 80 devices, manufactured by Flextronics, introduced the touch-sensitive Zune Pad, which was shaped like a squircle. The 4 and 8 GB Zune devices use flash memory and are smaller in size than the 80 GB version, which uses a hard drive. The 30 GB Zune was not redesigned, although it received a software update that brought its interface in line with the second generation models. At the same time, the Zune 2.0 software was released for Windows PCs. This version of the software was completely re-written and featured a new user interface.
Third generation.
Zune devices feature games developed using XNA. An early version of XNA Game Studio 3.0, released in May 2008, allowed developers to work on games for Zune devices. This generation included a 120 GB model, one of the largest storage capacities ever released for a portable media player.
The third-generation Zune 16 and 120 devices were released in September 2008, coinciding with the release of the Zune Software 3.0 update. The only changes to this generation of devices were to the firmware, which was made available for all previous models, and the storage capacity. Included in this firmware update was the ability to tag and later purchase songs heard on FM radio, channels which can be customized to deliver suggested songs for the user, the games Hexic and Texas Hold' em, support for audiobooks from online stores such as Audible.com and others that support OverDrive media files, a clock, and changed quicklist functionality. The ability to purchase songs from Zune Marketplace on the device while connected to the Internet via Wi-Fi was also introduced. To help push this feature, Microsoft partnered with Wayport to allow Zune devices to access its network of over 10,000 wireless hotspots, including those at McDonald's restaurants.
Zune Pass customers in the United States could also now download 10 tracks to keep per month in addition to the existing subscription-dependent unlimited music downloads.
Fourth generation.
The fourth-generation Zune device, the Zune HD, was released on September 15, 2009. New features included an OLED capacitative touch screen, HD video out, and HD radio. CNET called the Zune HD "one of the best portable music and video experiences money can buy", but criticized the narrow selection of applications and games. 
On the same day, the Zune 4.0 software was released to support the Zune HD. In addition, it became possible for Zune Pass subcribers to stream tracks through a computer’s web browser. Zune 4.0 also supports internet radio streams but this feature is disabled by default and can only be enabled by a third-party patch. This was the first firmware released for the Zune line which did not provide new features for older Zune models. These models were given a firmware update with version 3.2.
Microsoft released Zune 4.5 on April 5, 2010. This update introduced SmartDJ and codec features. A firmware update brought picks and an improved the TV-out experience to the Zune HD.
From Summer 2010, United Airlines started to offer Zune in-flight audio by means of 21 playlists that are very similar to the Zune Channels offered on the Zune Marketplace. Each channel offers up to 3 hours of unique programming ranging from classic rock, contemporary pop, opera, electronica, piano jazz, and others.
Discontinuation of Zune hardware.
On March 15, 2011, Microsoft announced that no new Zune hardware players would be developed, although existing models would remain for sale. The Zune had failed to capture significant market share after five years against the Apple iPod, and a recent study by NPD Group indicated that the Zune did not make the list of the five best-selling portable music players in the U.S. It has also been suggested that there is a much larger trend that standalone music players were giving way to smartphones with personalized, app-driven music.
On October 3, 2011, Microsoft announced the discontinuation of all Zune hardware, encouraging users to transition to Windows Phone. Later, the announcement was removed and a Zune Support Team member tweeted that the page was added to the website in error. Finally, despite previous denials, the original announcement of the Zune hardware's discontinuation was restored to the Zune Support site.
On other Microsoft products.
Xbox 360.
In Autumn 2009, movies and TV shows became available through streaming or download through Zune Video Marketplace on Xbox 360. On November 4, 2010, the music portion of the Zune Marketplace was brought to Xbox. This coincided with the launch of the Kinect and Kinect owners can navigate the application menus using hand gestures, without a controller. Users must have a Zune Pass subscription to play music in the application, and only Zune Pass content is available. Locally saved music must still be played through the Xbox's native media library.
Windows Phone.
Microsoft announced new versions of Zune once in a year prior to 2010. On March 2011, Bloomberg.com published an article claiming that Microsoft would stop introducing new versions of the Zune music and video player. The article has been widely quoted over the internet and by news agencies.
However, a Microsoft representative for Zune business development denied this rumor saying that the Windows Phone platform introduction should be considered to be the annual Zune update for 2010.
Zune-branded media playback software is a feature of Windows Phone devices. These phones sync with the Zune software and are compatible with Zune Pass.
All Windows Phone devices include capacitive multi-touch screens, FM radios, Wi-Fi, and certain other features included on the Zune HD. The user interface of the Zune devices, particularly the Zune HD, served as the inspiration for the user interface of Windows Phone. Microsoft refers to the design language of this user interface as Metro.
On October 11, 2010, Microsoft released Zune software v4.7, which supports syncing of Windows Phone 7 devices with a Windows PC. Zune software was then succeeded as a desktop sync app by the Windows Phone App for Windows Phone 8.
Zune devices.
The first Zune model, the Zune 30, was released in the United States on November 14, 2006, featuring a capacity of 30 gigabytes, FM radio, and a 3 inch screen. The Zune 30 was initially available in black, brown or white. Retail packages contained a pair of basic headphones, a carrying case, USB cord, and a software CD.
The Zune 80 was announced on October 2, 2007, along with the smaller Zune 4 and Zune 8 to compete with Apple's iPod nano line. These were to be known as the second generation of Zune devices. The Zune 80 featured a 3.2 inch screen, while the Zune 4 and 8 come with an 1.8 inch screen. Both come with a new touchpad-style input device ("squircle", as fans called it) and new software. Additional file support for H.264 and MPEG-4 formats was also included, whereas the older Zune 30 requires these formats to be transcoded to WMV prior to sync. The ability to sync wirelessly (automatically if connected to a power supply), podcast support, and an upgraded song-sharing licensing became available on all models. The new software also allowed a Zune device to communicate with other Zune devices to share pictures and songs. A free firmware update added the new software features to the original Zune 30, and was released on November 13, 2007.
The Zune 80 came bundled with a USB connection cord and premium headphones. The Zune 4 and 8 come with a USB connection cord and basic headphones.
The Zune 30, the original Zune music player, has a 30 GB hard drive, 3 inch screen, and a simple directional pad for menu navigation. The second generation of Zune devices includes the Zune 4, 8, 80 and 120. The Zune 4, and 8 are smaller in size and have 4 GB, and 8 GB of flash memory, respectively. The 80 GB Zune acts as a replacement for the Zune 30: it is thinner and lighter than the original. All second generation Zunes have a Zune Pad instead of the original directional pad that was included on the Zune 30. Microsoft released an upgrade for all Zune models, including the Zune 30, to the second generation software/firmware.
On May 26, 2009 Microsoft announced the Zune HD, the first touch screen Zune. The Zune HD has HD Radio and the ability to display video in High Definition through a docking station (sold separately). The screen is multi-touch enabled and uses gestures such as swiping and pinching throughout the player. The device comes with 16 GB, 32 GB, and 64 GB of flash memory. The screen is OLED, 3.3 inches, and has a 480x272 16:9 resolution. Also included are WiFi, a custom Internet Explorer browser, and an accelerometer.
Preloaded content.
Zune devices featured preloaded audio and video content from various artists, including Wisin & Yandel, BT, The Thermals, Paul Oakenfold, and CSS. Special edition Zune devices featured their own unique set of content.
Accessories.
The standard Zune devices come with basic headphones and a proprietary USB data cable. The Zune 30 comes with these items as well as a carrying bag, and the Zune 80 model has upgraded "Zune Premium" headphones. Accessories sold separately include:
Among the firms that make Zune accessories are Microsoft, Altec Lansing, Belkin, Digital Lifestyle Outfitters (DLO), Dual Electronics, Griffin Technology, Harman Kardon, JBL, Integrated Mobile Electronics, Jamo International, Klipsch Audio Technologies, Logitech, Monster Cable Products Inc., Speck, Targus, Kicker and VAF Research.
Firmware.
According to Microsoft, the most up-to-date firmware version is 4.5 (114) for the Zune HD, which replaces the original player firmware that ships on the device, 4.0 (356). In the case of the Zune 4, 8, 16, 30, 80, and 120 players, the most current player software version is 3.3, which provides compatibility with Zune 4.2. Version 3.3 was primarily a bug fix release and was released on January 26, 2010.
The operating system for the Zune devices is based on the Windows CE kernel for ARM architecture and uses a distribution similar to the Portable Media Center found on the Gigabeat S. Zune's native file compatible formats are:
Any formats not compatible with an individual device are automatically transcoded into a compatible format.
The graphical user interface (GUI) (called the "twist interface" by Microsoft) has sections for "music", "videos", "pictures", "social", "radio", "podcasts", "marketplace", "games" and "settings". It is said to provide "two-dimensional navigation" for scrolling through items with its directional pad. In the music section, users can add songs to a quick playlist without reconnecting to the desktop software. In the picture section, the background can be customized using any image stored on the device (for viewing) as wallpaper. In the radio section, users can receive and play FM radio internally, with North American, Japanese, and European tuning ranges, and display Radio Data System information (usually artist and song) when available. When artist/song information are available, the device can search for the song in the Zune Marketplace for download or purchase. In the social section, users can broadcast the user's profile and recent activity to others nearby.
The first updates to the firmware added sharing features (send, community, list nearby Zune users) as described in FCC filings. Firmware 1.1 allowed the device to inherit sharing capabilities described by codename Pyxis. Early firmware releases patched software bugs. About a year later, the much anticipated 2.2 firmware release added support for DVR-MS (Media Center Recorded TV) files, lossless playback, added wireless syncing, and GUI interface improvements.
Zune supports the Windows Media DRM digital rights management system, which is not compatible with other DRM systems and is not part of the PlaysForSure platform or program.   Multimedia content is transferred through Media Transfer Protocol (MTP); however, its proprietary MTP extensions ("MTPZ") place an interoperability barrier between the Zune and previous MTP-based software.
Zune software.
The Zune software functions as management software for the device, a full media player application with a library, an interface to the Zune Marketplace, and as a media streaming server. Zune Software is used to sync with all devices with Zune functionality, including the Zune devices, Windows Phone 7, and Microsoft Kin. Zune devices work exclusively with the Zune software and Marketplace.
The Zune software organizes the media in its library and allows users to add to the library by ripping from CDs, syncing with a Zune device, and downloading from the Zune Marketplace. The Zune software also allows one to organize song metadata. It can automatically download album art and metadata tag data for content in the library.
On the PC, the Zune software streams files to other PCs, the Xbox 360, and other compatible devices. The Zune software also connects with the Zune social and keeps track of files swapped with other users.
The Zune software runs only on 32-bit Windows XP or 32-bit/64-bit, Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8. Windows XP Professional x64 Edition is not supported.
Zune Software was succeeded by the Windows Phone App as a desktop sync service for Windows Phone 8. Windows Phone 7, Kin, and all previous Zune devices will still use the Zune software, which is still available for download on the Windows Phone website.
Zune Marketplace.
The Zune Marketplace is an online store that offers music, podcasts, TV shows, movies, music videos, movie trailers and mobile applications. Content can be viewed or purchased on Windows PCs with the Zune software installed, Zune devices, the Xbox 360, the Microsoft Kin phones, or Windows Phone phones.
It offers a selection of 14 million songs and the Zune Pass music subscription service.
Zune Marketplace was originally only available in the United States. In October 2010, certain Zune Marketplace content became available in additional countries: the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Spain, Germany, Austria, Belgium, Ireland, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Mexico, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. However, not all content is available in all countries; for example, podcasts and TV shows are not offered at all outside the United States.
Zune Marketplace successor services.
As of October 16, 2012, all of 'Zune Marketplace' products and services have been replaced by Xbox Music, Xbox Music Pass, Xbox Video, and Windows Phone Store.
Sales and marketing.
Marketing.
Microsoft launched several campaigns to jump-start the Zune. It had a major campaign to promote Zune with "Music the way it wants to be" as a major theme and "Welcome to the social" as an advertisement tagline. Also, the company enlisted about 200 "Zune-masters" to advertise the device on American college campuses, to promote the item, and to run Zune-related events. In exchange, they received free merchandise, including a Zune.
Additionally, Microsoft launched an attempt at viral marketing with its comingzune site, complete with several videos in succession. Along with ZuneInsider, and several other ad hoc events, Microsoft hoped to generate buzz for the product outside of the normal marketing avenues, and market its product as a part of a social construct.
The choice of branding and distribution were part of the Zune as a decision of "two strategies in the market right now: cross-brand ecosystems... and singular brand ecosystems... The former is gaining in share and units sold, but the latter has enormous share and won't give that up easily."
Microsoft normally follows a platform (cross-brand) strategy, as exemplified by the PlaysForSure system. However, its Xbox division has gained some experience with the vertically integrated strategy in which it controls everything end-to-end from the hardware to the online store. With Apple dominating the audio market with its vertically integrated iPod system, the Xbox division won permission to try the same approach, separately from PlaysForSure and PlayReady.
Microsoft also wanted to go beyond Apple's efforts and promote the tagline "the social" and wireless sharing as key differentiators. Chris Stephenson, leader of Zune's marketing and manager of Global Marketing for the Entertainment Business, said, "we see a great opportunity to bring together technology and community to allow consumers to explore and discover music together." "New York Times Magazine" columnist Rob Walker agrees that the Zune's "community and togetherness seem like a reasonable counterpunch to iPod's supposed attraction as an individuality enabler that allows owners to wallow in their own tasteful personal soundtracks." But he also sees the Zune as having gained appeal as an individualistic statement against the omnipresent iPod: "The most salient feature of the Zune seems to be that it's not an iPod".
Microsoft also released a Zune theme for Windows XP that replaced the appearance of the operating system. This theme includes an orange Start button and black taskbar/Start menu.
Zune has also expanded its brand efforts by creating a Millennial-friendly website and campaign focused on emerging artist talent: Zune Arts
MySpace has added the feature to label music players on personal profiles to Zune-themed or a red Zune 8.
Sales.
During its launch week, the original Zune, now Zune 30, was the second-most-sold portable media device with a 9% unit share in the United States: behind the market-leading iPod's 63%. For the first 6 months after launch, NPD Group figures show that the Zune 30 achieved approximately 10% market share in the Hard Drive-based MP3 market and 3% in the overall MP3 player market. According to Bloomberg Television 1.2 million Zune 30 players were sold between November 2006 and June 2007, surpassing a milestone. A price drop on Amazon.com during November 2007 temporarily boosted the brown Zune 30 to the top Sales Rank in electronics.
On May 6, 2008, Microsoft announced that it had sold just over 2 million Zunes. Roughly one million of those were sold since the second generation Zunes launched in November 2007.
On May 22, 2008, It was reported that GameStop "has decided to stop selling Microsoft's Zune players at its stores due to what it sees as insufficient demand from customers." A statement issued by Adam Sohn, Zune marketing manager said "We have a set of great partnerships...Best Buy, Target, Wal-Mart, and others."
In January 2009, Microsoft's quarterly earnings filing with the SEC indicated that Zune sales had fallen $100 million from 2007 to 2008 during the fourth quarter of the calendar year. The Wall Street Journal estimated that sales appear to have dropped from about $185 million during the holiday period in 2007 to just $85 million in 2008. This may be due to the company's decision not to substantially update the Zune hardware in the fall of 2008.
Zune market share decreased to 2% in the first half of 2009, according to the NPD Group.
Availability outside the U.S..
Microsoft released the Zune to Canadian consumers on June 13, 2008, marking the first time it was available outside the U.S. Microsoft has even made efforts to ban visitors outside the United States from Zune Originals. Users wishing to sign up for a Zune Tag can easily circumvent most problems by signing up for a US-based account.
The Zune 2.0–3.* firmware does not support non-romanized fonts other than Cyrillic. East Asian characters used in Chinese and Japanese, for example, show up on the Zune device as small boxes instead of characters. Microsoft's Zune desktop software has no problem with Unicode. Users have improvised ways to downgrade the firmware on the Zune device to older version that support Asian characters (V1 Zunes can be hacked to display Asian font). This is, however, not recommended by anyone, as future firmware versions contain significant improvements and added codec support.
Legacy.
After the Zune won a 2012 "Slate" reader poll of outdated technology worth a second look, Farhad Manjoo, the site's technology columnist, went to considerable lengths to acquire a Zune HD. " wasn't as complete a failure as you may believe," he wrote. "If you purchased one over the iPod Touch back in 2009, you wouldn't have regretted it."
Had Microsoft brought the first Zune to market at the same time as the iPod, or even the Zune HD at the time of the iPod Touch, it might have been a serious competitor to those players. "By that point, iPod had become the world's de facto digital entertainment device," he recalled. "To beat it, Microsoft needed to offer something that would make Apple's device look pitifully old-fashioned. The Zune HD didn't do that. Its design marked it as being different from an iPod, but that was pretty much the only difference. There was no reason to buy the Zune unless you wanted to stand apart from the Apple cult. And there was a cost to standing apart from Apple: Because of its popularity, there were millions of apps and accessories for the iPod. As good as it was, the Zune HD couldn’t match Apple’s sheer market power." Nevertheless, it was an effective enough product that Manjoo had started using it as his primary music player."
Like the Edsel, to which it has sometimes been likened, Manjoo said the Zune's failure may have led the way to eventual success with other products. The HD's user interface, he noted, was the first such Microsoft product to rely on text rather than icons, and it would form the basis for Windows Phone, Windows 8, Xbox and all of the company's web-based services. The Segoe typeface that is now used in all of them, as well as Microsoft's current logo, was first used on the Zune.

</doc>
<doc id="5919853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919853" title="New Women">
New Women

New Women () was a silent Chinese film released in early 1935 in Shanghai by the Lianhua Film Company. It is sometimes translated as New Woman. The film starred Ruan Lingyu (in her penultimate film) and was directed by Cai Chusheng. 
"New Women" was itself based upon the life of another Chinese actress, Ai Xia, who had committed suicide in 1934. The film remains one of Ruan Lingyu's better known works, in no small part due to her own suicide shortly after the film was released.
A print of the film is currently maintained by the China Film Archive.
Synopsis.
The film deals with an educated and modern young woman, Wei Ming (Ruan Lingyu), living in 1920s Shanghai. As the film begins, Wei Ming is working as a music teacher for a school, even as she harbors dreams of becoming a writer. In the film's opening scene, Wei Ming meets a friend, Yu Haichou (Zheng Junli) and an old schoolmate, Zhang Xiuzhen (Wang Moqiu), now named Mrs. Wang, on a trolley-car.
Wei, Mrs. Wang, and Yu return to Wei's apartment, where Wei receives a phone call from the film's antagonist, the lecherous Dr. Wang (Wang Naidong), who is also Mrs. Wang's husband. He insists on picking Wei up, even as she ignores his call. As Mrs. Wang leaves, Wei is informed by Yu that one of her books has been accepted for publication. Wei's excitement, however, is soon contrasted as a flashback reveals that the publishing company has only selected her manuscript because she is a young woman. Unaware of this fact, Wei shows Yu a toy she has bought for her young daughter, a product of a failed marriage. She tries to flirt with Yu, but he ignores her advances. 
Soon, Dr. Wang has picked Wei Ming up and they are on their way to a western-style dancehall. As Wei Ming sits in the car, a flashback is shown on the window of how she met Dr. Wang, a western educated Ph.D. and a member of the board at Wei Ming's school. 
As Wei Ming and Dr. Wang enter the dance hall, the film contrasts scenes of their dancing with images of Wei Ming's neighbor, Li Aying, a factory worker who leads her fellow workers in learning patriotic songs. With the night winding down, Dr. Wang tries to harass Wei Ming who firmly rejects him. As she flees, she winds up meeting Li and they re-enter their building together. In the mail is a letter from Wei Ming's sister. Wei Ming's daughter, who had been living in the countryside with her aunt, must now come to the city due to financial troubles. 
The film then cuts to the young daughter and her aunt on a train bound for Shanghai. The young girl asks about her mother, as she coughs ominously. 
Back in Shanghai, the situation has become dire. Dr. Wang has convinced the principal of the school to fire Wei Ming and the bills have begun to pile up. Li Aying asks Wei Ming to compose the music for a song, entitled "The New Women" for her. Wei, however, has other issues to deal with, including the worsening sickness of her daughter. Soon, things have reached a breaking point. Wei Ming is offered help from both her publisher as well as a newspaper reporter, but both make advances on her, which she rejects. Unable to pay for medicine for her child, and with no employment, Wei Ming agrees to become a prostitute. Her first client, coincidentally is Dr. Wang, who flaunts his new-found power over her. Wei, disgusted with herself, runs back to her apartment, with Dr. Wang in hot pursuit. Back in the apartment, Wang and Li come to blows with the effeminate Wang becoming quickly incapacitated. In the middle of this brawl, Mrs. Wang bursts through the door and accuses Wei Ming of seducing her husband.
With no money, Wei Ming's daughter succumbs to pneumonia. Distraught, Wei Ming attempts to commit suicide, much to the chagrin of both Li Aying and Yu Haichou. In the hospital, both Li and Yu try to convince Wei that she needs to continue living. As the film ends, Wei Ming cries out that she wants to live. A newspaper obituary announcing her death is shown while a gang of Li Aying's workers march in step.
Reception.
The release of "New Women" was marred by a backlash from the press who objected to their profession's unflattering portrayal in the film. The press organization forced a public apology from Lianhua Company and director Cai Chusheng to make cuts to the film. The target of much of their ire became the film's star, Ruan Lingyu. The film soon became an instance of life imitating art when Ruan, who, suffering under the tireless gaze of the media, committed suicide by barbiturates not long after the premier of the film.
Reputation.
Today, the film's reputation has become firmly established as one of the classic examples of 1930s Chinese film. The organizers of the 5th Asia-Pacific Triennial on Contemporary Art referred to the film, in their retrospective of Ruan Lingyu's work, as a "Masterpiece in the spirit of the May 4th tradition." A print of the film is currently maintained by the China Film Archive in Beijing.
In Stanley Kwan's 1992 biopic of Ruan Lingyu, "Center Stage", there is a re-enactment of the film's climactic final scene.

</doc>
<doc id="5919858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919858" title="List of world's busiest ports by cargo tonnage">
List of world's busiest ports by cargo tonnage

This is a list of the world's busiest seaports by cargo tonnage, the total mass of actual cargo transported through the port. The rankings are based on AAPA world port ranking data. The cargo rankings based on tonnage should be interpreted with caution since these measures are not directly comparable and cannot be converted to a single, standardized unit.
Rankings.
"MT=Metric Tons; HT= Harbor Tons; FT=Freight Tons; RT = Revenue Tons"

</doc>
<doc id="5919870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919870" title="Krakiai">
Krakiai

Krakiai (Samogitian: "Krakē"), a village on Venta River in Northeastern Lithuania, Mažeikiai district municipality. It is 6 km to the southeast of Mažeikiai. In historical documents Krakiai was first mentioned in 1661.

</doc>
<doc id="5919871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919871" title="The Invincibles (football)">
The Invincibles (football)

In English football, "The Invincibles" has been used to refer to the Preston North End team of the 1880s managed by William Sudell, and the Arsenal team of the 2003–04 season managed by Arsène Wenger. Both teams earned the nickname after completing an English league campaign unbeaten, the Preston team also remaining unbeaten in cup competition during the same season.
Preston North End.
Preston North End became football's first "Invincibles" when they won the inaugural English football league competition, completing the season unbeaten in both the League and FA Cup, which also made them the first team to achieve the English "Double". Preston's league record was 18 wins, 4 draws and 0 losses, out of 22 games played, while their cup record was 5 wins out of 5 rounds played. Preston also won the Cup without conceding a goal.
Of the seven teams to have completed the Double in England, Preston remain the only one to have done so unbeaten.
In 2008, Preston opened a new 5,000 seater stand at their Deepdale stadium, named the Invincibles Pavilion in honour of the unbeaten 1880s team that had also played their home matches at the same site.
The team that won the 1889 FA Cup Final at the Kennington Oval, beating Wolverhampton Wanderers 3-0, was as follows:
Matches.
Football League
FA Cup
Arsenal.
In May 2002, Arsenal beat Manchester United to regain the Premier League and equal Preston's record of not losing an away match all season. In assessing the team's achievement, Tim Rich of "The Independent" wrote: "Invincibles, they called the last team to go through a season unbeaten away from home, although it is a word which belongs far more to the Arsenal side of 2002 than it ever could to the Preston team of 1888–89." Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger wanted his team to push on for more honours and described the defeat of Manchester United as a "shift of power" in English football. The team began the following season in good stead; a 4–1 win against Leeds United in September 2002 meant Arsenal broke the domestic record for scoring in consecutive games (47), and away league games without defeat (22). Such was their effective start to the campaign, Wenger suggested his team could remain the whole season undefeated: 
Arsenal lost to Everton in October 2002 and failed to win their next three matches in all competitions, representing their worst run of form in 19 years. By the turn of the year Arsenal's form had picked up and established themselves as league leaders; nearest challenger Manchester United however overhauled them to win the title. Arsenal finished the season with league wins against Southampton and Sunderland, later consoled with success in the FA Cup – they beat the former team 1–0 in the 2003 final.
Wenger sought to strengthen his team with minor additions: goalkeeper Jens Lehmann, as well as a number of young players from academies abroad, namely Gaël Clichy and Phillipe Senderos. In comparison to their rivals Chelsea, bankrolled by new owner Roman Abramovich, and Manchester United, Arsenal's transfer activity was quiet. The financial constraints that came with the Ashburton Grove stadium project meant Wenger had little income to strengthen his squad. Once funding was found amidst the season, the club added to its roster: José Antonio Reyes arrived in the winter transfer window, later joined by Robin van Persie.
In 2003–04, Arsenal regained the Premier League without a single defeat. Over the 38 games played, their league record stood at 26 wins, 12 draws and 0 losses. The unbeaten run came close to ending six matches into the season against Manchester United. Striker Ruud van Nistelrooy missed a penalty in injury time; the match then ended 0–0. At the turn of the calendar year, Arsenal won nine league matches in a row to consolidate first position; they secured their status as champions with a draw against local rivals Tottenham Hotspur in April 2004. Their form did not carry over into the domestic cups, exiting at the semi-final stage of the Football League Cup and and the FA Cup to eventual winners Middlesbrough and Manchester United, respectively. In Europe, Arsenal reached the quarter-final stage of the UEFA Champions League but did not advance any further, after defeat to London rivals Chelsea.
Continuing into the next season, Arsenal beat Middlesbrough to equal Nottingham Forest's record of 42 league matches unbeaten; the feat was eclipsed with a win at home to Blackburn Rovers. The run extended to six more matches, coming to an end with a controversial 2–0 defeat to Manchester United.
Matches.
Premier League

</doc>
<doc id="5919885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919885" title="Baltazar (footballer)">
Baltazar (footballer)

Oswaldo da Silva (14 January 1926 – 25 March 1997), commonly known as Baltazar, was a Brazilian footballer. Nicknamed "Cabecinha de Ouro" ("Golden Head") by fans, he played as a striker.
Club career.
Baltazar played for União Monte Alegre, Jabaquara, Corinthians, Juventus and União Paulista.
International career.
He also represented Brazilian team who participated in the 1950 World Cup and 1954 World Cup, he played 4 matches, scoring 3 goals. 
He died in São Paulo aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="5919886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919886" title="Itō Sukeyuki">
Itō Sukeyuki

Marshal Admiral Count (20 May 1843 – 16 January 1914) was a career officer and admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy in Meiji-period Japan.
Biography.
Born in what is now part of Kagoshima city as the son of a "samurai" of the Satsuma Domain, Itō studied naval engineering and gunnery at the Kobe Naval Training Center together with Sakamoto Ryōma and Mutsu Munemitsu. He participated in the Anglo-Satsuma War as a member of the Satsuma domain's navy. Before the Boshin War, Itoh had already relocated to Edo and had placed his naval skills at the service of the forces striving to overthrow the Tokugawa Shogunate. He escaped from the burning of the Satsuma Domain residence in Edo and subsequently fought in many of the naval engagements of the Boshin War.
After the Meiji Restoration, Itō was commissioned as a lieutenant and served on the corvette "Nisshin " in the fledgling Imperial Japanese Navy, commanding the "Nisshin" from 1877. Promoted to captain in 1882, he served on many warships of the Imperial Japanese Navy in its pioneer days, notably the "Ryūjō", "Fusō", and "Hiei". In 1885, he was placed in charge of the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal. The same year, he travelled to the United Kingdom, and brought the "Naniwa" back to Japan.
On 15 June 1886, he was promoted to rear admiral, and made commandant of the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy. He was promoted to vice admiral on 12 December 1892 and made commandant of the Yokosuka Naval District.　On 20 May 1893, he became commander-in-chief of the Readiness Fleet.
With the start of the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894, he became the first Commander-in-Chief of the Combined Fleet and won several naval battles against the Chinese Empire's Beiyang Fleet led by Admiral Ding Ruchang, notably at the Battle of the Yellow Sea.
On 11 May 1895, Itō became Chief of the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff. In 1898, and was ennobled with the title of "shishaku" (viscount) on 5 August 1898 under the "kazoku" peerage system. He was promoted to full admiral on 28 September 1898.
During the Russo-Japanese War he continued to serve as head of the Navy General Staff . After the war, he became marshal admiral on 31 January 1905, and his title of nobility was raised to that of "hakushaku" (count) in 1907. At the same time, he was awarded the Order of the Golden Kite (1st class) and the Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum.
Itō professed to have absolutely no interest in politics whatsoever, but was unofficially regarded as one of the "genrō" by his contemporaries.
Itō died in 1914. His grave is at the temple of Kaian-ji in Shinagawa, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="5919893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919893" title="Urquhart, Moray">
Urquhart, Moray

Urquhart (; ) is a small village in Moray, Scotland with a population of 420 (as at the 2001 Census). It is approximately five miles east of Elgin, and between the villages of Lhanbryde and Garmouth.
Barony of Urquhart History.
Mary Queen of Scots, the Dowager Queen of France, in 1561 rewarded her trusted friend, and most loyal supporter George Seton, 7th Lord Seton, with the stewardship of the estates of Pluscarden Priory and four years later, she gave the Priory to his son, her godson, Alexander Seton. During the troubled years that followed, the Setons lost possession, but they regained control in 1581 when Alexander was appointed Commendator. They subsequently retained it when, six years later, the monastery was dissolved and its rich lands, scattered across the southern plains of Moray Firth from the approaches to Castle Urquhart in the west to Urquhart-on-Spey in the east, were erected into a barony for him, providing him with the title of Urquhart when he became Lord of Session the following year. Subsequently, Lord Urquhart, 1st Baron of Urquhart was created Lord Kyvie in the Peerage of Scotland, and was later created Earl of Dunfermline. In 1605, he was appointed Lord Chancellor of Scotland, a post he held until his death in 1622. Since that time the feudal Barony of Urquhart has been passed by inheritance and through land acquisition many times. The current and 19th Baron of Urquhart is Robert A. Cromartie of Urquhart-on-Spey, FSA (Scot).
Village of Urquhart History.
In farmland on the northern part of the village lies the a small but well-preserved stone circle near which flint and stone implements of neolithic age have been found, as well as some fine gold armlets.
In 1125 David I, King of Scots, founded a priory, as a cell of the Benedictine Dunfermline Abbey, on low ground just to the ENE of the village. This was an attempt to 'introduce civilisation' to the local native population of Celts. However, in 1454 the Benedictine's abandoned Urquhart Priory, moving instead to Pluscarden Abbey, SW of Elgin, after the merger of the two had been agreed by a bull of Pope Nicholas V. The buildings soon started to fall into disrepair and decay and in 1654 the site had become a ruin and the remaining building materials were removed to be used in the construction of a granary in the nearby village of Garmouth and in the repair of the manse and churchyard wall.
The first reference to a church in Urquhart, which was dedicated to Saint Margaret, appears in a deed of 1237. This church fell into disrepair early in the 19th Century and in 1843 was replaced with the building of a new Parish Church on Gashill just to the north of the village. At around the same time, the remains of the original church were used to build a new Free Church of Scotland at the east end of the village. In 1938 the 2 churches were united and in the mid-1940s the St. Margaret's Free Church and manse were sold and the proceeds used to refurbish the St. Margaret's Church Hall. Two beautiful stained glass windows from the Free Church and a Celtic Cross, thought to have come from the priory, were incorporated into the building. In 1988 the Parish Church was closed and united with Saint Andrew's Church in the neighbouring parish of Lhanbryde. With the closure the communion table, baptismal font, and several chairs were placed in St Margaret's Hall. The Parish Church and manse were sold, the former now converted to a bed and breakfast and St. Margaret's Hall is now used as the village place of worship, with services being held there on the last Sunday of each month.
In 1884 a station was opened in Urquhart on the Great North of Scotland Railway (GNSR) Moray Coast line. This saw the village become more attractive as a place to live with people working elsewhere along the railway line, especially in Elgin. The railway line was closed in 1968 as a result of the 'Beeching Axe'.
Economy.
The village remains an attractive place to live for people working in Elgin and elsewhere in the local area. With the closure of the village shop the only amenity is a small public house, the Royal Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="5919894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919894" title="List of world's busiest container ports">
List of world's busiest container ports

This is a list of the world's busiest container ports by total number of actual twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) transported through the port. Data listed in thousands of TEU.
2002.
Note: Yantian is a container terminal in Shenzhen, China.

</doc>
<doc id="5919904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919904" title="Schweinshaxe">
Schweinshaxe

Schweinshaxe (), in German cuisine, is a roasted ham hock (or “pork knuckle”), especially popular in Bavaria.
The Austrian version of this dish, called Stelze (Austrian pronunciation [ˈʃtɛl.tsɛ], Viennese pronunciation ['ʃtœˑ.tsṇ]), is usually marinated or pre-boiled in a caraway seed and garlic brine, roasted until the skin is crisp, and served with mustard, horseradish, and pickled chili peppers. The Bavarian version is often served with potato dumplings and red cabbage, or with sauerkraut and potatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="5919911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919911" title="Andi Grünenfelder">
Andi Grünenfelder

Andreas "Andi" Grünenfelder (born September 17, 1960). is a former Swiss cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1988. He earned a bronze in the 50 km at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="5919913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919913" title="International Boxing Club of New York">
International Boxing Club of New York

The International Boxing Club of New York was a corporation formed by James D. Norris and Arthur M. Wirtz in 1949 to promote boxing bouts at Madison Square Garden, Polo Grounds, Yankee Stadium, St. Nicholas Arena, Chicago Stadium and Detroit Olympia.
Monopoly.
In 1949 Madison Square Garden paid Mike Jacobs of Twentieth Century Boxing Club $100,000 to relinquish his rights to promote fights at the Garden. Jacobs had become ill as a result of a stroke and the Garden wanted to turn over promotion to the IBC. The IBC had obtained the contracts of four contenders from Joe Louis for $150,000 on his retirement, and wanted to promote the fights in the Garden.
The IBC developed a stranglehold on championship boxing, promoting 47 out of 51 championship bouts in the United States from 1949 to 1955. Its major revenues were acquired through television of twice-weekly boxing bouts from the Garden.
Norris and Wirtz formed the The International Boxing Club of Illinois to discourage the perception that the IBC monopolized boxing. Norris resigned as president of IBC of New York in favor of Truman Gibson and the IBC was bought by the Garden and operated as a wholly owned subsidiary. But Judge Sylvester Ryan of the U.S. District Court decided the IBC of New York was a monopoly and ordered its dissolution. Norris and Wirtz were given five years to divest themselves of their holdings (approximately 40%) in the Garden. Ryan also declared the IBC of Illinois a monopoly and ordered its dissolution as well. The decisions were appealed but confirmed on January 12, 1959 by the U.S. Supreme Court.[http://www.ripon.edu/faculty/bowenj/antitrust/ibcofny2.htm] 
In a surprise move, on January 30, 1959 Norris and Wirtz announced they were selling their interest in the Garden to Graham-Paige Corporation, a New York investment company. The sale became official on February 19, 1959.
Ties to Mafia.
In 1960, the Senate Subcommittee on Antitrust and Monopoly chaired by Senator Estes Kefauver held hearings into organized crime and professional boxing. It was revealed that the IBC had ties to Mafiosi Frankie Carbo, a soldier in New York's Lucchese Family who had been a gunman with Murder, Inc.. At the time of the hearings, Carbo was imprisoned on Riker's Island, having been convicted of the undercover management of prize-fighters and unlicensed matchmaking. The hearings revealed that Carbo's wife was employed by the IBC at a salary of 45,000 a year.
The following year, Gibson Jr. and Carbo, Carbo's partner Frank "Blinky" Palermo (a member of the St. Louis crime family, and Los Angeles mobsters Joe Di Sica and Louis Dragna, were charged with conspiracy and extortion against National Boxing Association Welterweight Champion Don Jordan. After a three-month trial, in which U.S. Attorney General Robert Kennedy served as prosecutor, the defendants were convicted and sent to federal prison.

</doc>
<doc id="5919925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919925" title="Mount Washington (British Columbia)">
Mount Washington (British Columbia)

Mount Washington is a mountain on the eastern edge of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia and the site of the popular Mount Washington Alpine Resort. It is located approximately from the Comox Valley. 
The mountain was named after Rear Admiral John Washington, official Hydrographer, British Royal Navy, by Captain George Richards while charting the West Coast in the 1860s.
In the summer, Mount Washington has many trails for mountain bikers, and offers scenic chair lifts and hiking trails to visitors. 
Mount Washington is home to the Vancouver Island marmot, one of the planet's most endangered mammals. Found in the wild only on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, the Vancouver Island marmot differs significantly from other marmot species. In an effort to increase Vancouver Island marmot populations, the Vancouver Island Marmot Recovery Foundation has established captive breeding facilities across Canada. The largest of these is the Tony Barrett Marmot Recovery Centre located on Mount Washington.
The following broadcasting stations have their transmitter sites on the east face of Mount Washington, facing out over the Comox Valley and Campbell River:
Several amateur radio repeaters are also located on Mount Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="5919927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919927" title="KORS-CD">
KORS-CD

KORS-CD is a low-powered television station licensed to Salem, Oregon, broadcasting from Portland on digital channel 16.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Subchannel 16.1 runs three hours of children's programming from America One each week to meet its "E/I" programming requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="5919929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919929" title="John Dalrymple, 10th Earl of Stair">
John Dalrymple, 10th Earl of Stair

John Hamilton Dalrymple, 10th Earl of Stair KT (1 April 1819 – 3 December 1903), styled Viscount Dalrymple from 1853 until 1864, was a Scottish peer and politician, who served as Governor of the Bank of Scotland for thirty-three years.
Biography.
He was the eldest son of North Dalrymple, 9th Earl of Stair, and married Louisa-Jane-Henrietta-Emily, eldest daughter of the 3rd Duc de Coigny, in 1846. They had children:
He represented Wigtownshire in Parliament from 1841 to 1856. He became Earl of Stair on the death of his father in 1864, and served as Lord Lieutenant of Ayrshire from 1870 to 1897. From 1870 to 1903 he was the Governor of the Bank of Scotland. After it was proposed in 1877, he successfully opposed the southward extension to Drummore of the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5919952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919952" title="Je ne vous oublie pas">
Je ne vous oublie pas

"Je ne vous oublie pas" (in English "I Won't Forget You") is the lead single from Céline Dion's French-language greatest hits album, entitled "On ne change pas". It was released as a music download in Canada on September 27, 2005 and in France on October 3, 2005. The CD single was released in France, Belgium and Switzerland on October 10, 2005.
The lyrics by Jacques Veneruso, who worked with Céline Dion on her previous French album "1 fille & 4 types", say that the song is a dedication to all Dion's fans, a declaration of love. Veneruso wrote and produced also four tracks for Dion's next French album "D'elles", as well as the lead single from "Sans attendre".
The music video was filmed and directed by Didier Kerbrat in Montreal's Imperial Theatre in July 2005, and released in September 2005.
Céline Dion visited France in October 2005 to promote her new album and performed "Je ne vous oublie pas" in various TV shows. The single reached there number 2 and was certified silver (165,000 copies sold). It was also successful in other countries, reaching number 3 in Quebec, number 4 in Belgium Wallonia and number 21 in Switzerland.
"Je ne vous oublie pas" was nominated for a 2006 Félix Award in Best Song of the Year category.
The version of "Je ne vous oublie pas" performed by Céline Dion and Les 500 Choristes was released in November 2006, on their album "500 Choristes avec.../vol.2". It was later included on Dion's 2007 single "Et s'il n'en restait qu'une (je serais celle-là)."
In 2013, Dion performed a capella snippets of the song both as an introduction and as an outro for her Sans attendre Tour concerts.
Formats and track listings.
European CD single

</doc>
<doc id="5919957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919957" title="Captivi">
Captivi

Captivi is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus. The title has been translated as "The Captives" or "The Prisoners", and the plot concerns slavery and prisoners of war. Although the play contains much broad humor, it is a relatively serious treatment of significant themes compared to most of Plautus’ other comedies. Plautus himself points out the difference in tone between this play and his other works in "Captivi’s" prologue.
Plot summary.
Philocrates and his slave Tyndarus, of the Greek district of Elis, have been captured in war with another Greek region, Aetolia. They are now prisoners and slaves bought by Hegio, a well-to-do resident of Aetolia, who is planning to trade them for his son, Philipolemus, who has been captured in Elis. Pretending to be each other, the supposed slave Philocrates is sent to make the trade, while Tyndarus risks his life by remaining.
A friend of Philocrates named Aristophontes has also been captured, and Tyndarus’ efforts to fool Hegio by claiming that Aristophontes is insane are unsuccessful. When Hegio finds out from Aristophontes that he has been deceived, he sends Tyndarus to the quarries for backbreaking labor. Declaring that dying courageously is not an everlasting death, Tyndarus tries to convince Hegio that his own loyalty to Philocrates is right.
Comic relief is provided by a sponger, Ergasilus, looking for a free dinner from Hegio. He has learned that Hegio's son Philopolemus has returned to Aetolia, and he uses this knowledge to get a free meal from Hegio, then proceeds to go wild in the kitchen. Hegio’s former slave Stalagmus, who stole Hegio's other son when he was four years old, also arrives on the scene and confesses his iniquity. Eventually everybody discovers that Tyndarus is that stolen son, causing Hegio to realize he should have treated him better when he was his captive slave. Hegio and his two sons, Philopolemus and Tyndarus, are reunited in a happy ending.
Key themes.
Unlike most of Plautus’ comedies, this play offers little in the way of sexual titillation and instead concentrates on rather serious subjects: personal freedom, slavery and war. Although the mistaken identity elements of the plot are sometimes played for laughs and the sponger Ergasilus is brought on for some silly stage business, there are also quite serious speeches about the fate of slaves and the realities of war. In fact, the play begins with Philocrates and Tyndarus heavily and painfully shackled, and the harshness of their treatment counterbalances the humorous by-play that Plautus injects into the proceedings to keep his audience amused.
The protagonist Hegio is an interesting, multi-faceted character, more deeply drawn than most of Plautus' other figures, who tend to be comic stereotypes. He is shown as capable of cruelty and quite impulsive, but also as generous and ultimately sympathetic. The master-slave relationship between Philocrates and Tyndarus is also portrayed with a sensitivity rare in Plautus, who actually congratulates himself on his unaccustomed seriousness in the play’s prologue. Still, Plautus offers enough horseplay, especially by Ergasilus, to keep a Roman audience from souring on his “noble” aspirations.
Critical evaluation.
The German poet and philosopher Gotthold Ephraim Lessing famously pronounced "Captivi" to be the finest play ever staged. This hyperbolic praise has been deprecated by later critics, but the play has still earned plaudits for treating important ethical issues. Ben Jonson indirectly paid tribute to the play by adapting the plot of "Captivi" for his early comedy "The Case is Altered". The lack of obvious sexual humor, so common in Plautus’ other works, has also occasioned much critical comment and occasional approval.
Less sympathetic critics, such as E.F. Watling, have written harshly about "Captivi’s" loose plotting, rushed conclusion, and too-short time scheme. Others have dismissed these concerns as rather pedantic and irrelevant to a play that does not pretend to be rigorously realistic.

</doc>
<doc id="5919964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919964" title="Adi Karnataka">
Adi Karnataka

Adi Karnataka is term used by the Ministry of Home Affairs (India) to denote members of one of the Kannadigas who are primarily indigenous to the Karnataka state.
Adi Karnataka is not synonymous with Adi Dravida or Adi Andhra. Primary difference between the three being the language used in their lineage. Adi Karnataka people are Kannada speaking people and the Adi Dravida and Adi Andhra people are Tamil and Telugu speaking respectively.
Adi Karnataka are divided into two sub groups: LEFT and RIGHT. Some time commonly called in Kannada as Edgai and Balgai which means right hand left hand.

</doc>
<doc id="5919970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919970" title="Harold McGill">
Harold McGill

Dr. Major Harold Wigmore McGill (December 21, 1879 Norwood, Ontario – July 3, 1961 Vancouver, British Columbia) was a provincial level politician and medical doctor from Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and the Council of the Northwest Territories.
Early life.
Dr. McGill graduated from the University of Manitoba in 1905.
He served as the physician for the Tsuu T’ina reserve after he came to Calgary in 1910.
Harold went overseas to fight in World War I, and his wife Emma moved to England to serve as a nurse.
Political career.
McGill was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for the Conservative Party in the 1930 Alberta general election. He ended up elected to the 6th seat in the Calgary electoral district, in the 10th vote count.
McGill served in the Legislature for just over two years before vacating his seat. He was appointed as Superintendent-General of Indian Affairs in Ottawa. His appointment took effect and he vacated his seat in the Alberta Legislature on October 14, 1932
The post also entitled him to a seat in the Northwest Territories government. He was appointed to the 2nd Council of the Northwest Territories and served as a member until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5919973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919973" title="BigTable">
BigTable

BigTable is a compressed, high performance, and proprietary data storage system built on Google File System, Chubby Lock Service, SSTable (log-structured storage like LevelDB) and a few other Google technologies. It is not distributed outside Google, although Google offers access to it as part of its Google App Engine.
History.
BigTable development began in 2004 and is now used by a number of Google applications, such as web indexing, MapReduce, which is often used for generating and modifying data stored in BigTable, Google Maps, Google Book Search, "My Search History", Google Earth, Blogger.com, Google Code hosting, Orkut, YouTube, and Gmail. Google's reasons for developing its own database include scalability and better control of performance characteristics.
Google's Spanner RDBMS is layered on an implementation of BigTable with a Paxos group for two-phase commits to each table. Google F1 was built using Spanner to replace an implementation based on MySQL.
Design.
BigTable maps two arbitrary string values (row key and column key) and timestamp (hence three-dimensional mapping) into an associated arbitrary byte array. It is not a relational database and can be better defined as a sparse, distributed multi-dimensional sorted map. BigTable is designed to scale into the petabyte range across "hundreds or thousands of machines, and to make it easy to add more machines the system and automatically start taking advantage of those resources without any reconfiguration".
Each table has multiple dimensions (one of which is a field for time, allowing for versioning and garbage collection). Tables are optimized for Google File System (GFS) by being split into multiple "tablets" – segments of the table are split along a row chosen such that the tablet will be ~200 megabytes in size. When sizes threaten to grow beyond a specified limit, the tablets are compressed using the algorithm BMDiff and the Zippy compression algorithm publicly known and open-sourced as Snappy, which is a less space-optimal variation of LZ77 but more efficient in terms of computing time. The locations in the GFS of tablets are recorded as database entries in multiple special tablets, which are called "META1" tablets. META1 tablets are found by querying the single "META0" tablet, which typically resides on a server of its own since it is often queried by clients as to the location of the "META1" tablet which itself has the answer to the question of where the actual data is located. Like GFS's master server, the META0 server is not generally a bottleneck since the processor time and bandwidth necessary to discover and transmit META1 locations is minimal and clients aggressively cache locations to minimize queries.

</doc>
<doc id="5919981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919981" title="List of Old Edwardians (Sheffield)">
List of Old Edwardians (Sheffield)

This is a list of some notable alumni of King Edward VII School, Sheffield, and its various predecessor schools, arranged roughly chronologically. 

</doc>
<doc id="5919993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919993" title="Peter Roe (soccer)">
Peter Roe (soccer)

Peter Roe (born 23 September 1955 in Manchester, England) is a retired Canadian international soccer player who spent twelve seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League. He also earned nine caps, scoring one goal, with the Canadian national soccer team between 1974 and 1983.
Professional.
Born in England, Roe moved to Bramalea, Ontario with his family when he was eleven. In 1973, Roe signed with the Toronto Metros of the North American Soccer League as an eighteen-year-old. In 1975, the Metros merged with Toronto Croatia to form Toronto Metros-Croatia. In 1979, the team came under new ownership which renamed the team the Toronto Blizzard. Roe continued to play for the club until 1980 through these name changes. He also briefly played for the New York Arrows during the 1978–79 Major Indoor Soccer League season. In 1980, Roe began the season with the Blizzard before moving to the Vancouver Whitecaps. He played the 1980–81 NASL indoor season with Vancouver, then began the 1981 outdoor season there before moving to the Tampa Bay Rowdies. The Rowdies released him 1984 and Roe signed with the Tacoma Stars of the MISL. He returned to the Rowdies in 1986 when it entered the American Indoor Soccer Association. When the Rowdies entered the American Soccer League in 1988, Roe again played for them.
National team.
In 1973, Roe was up to the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team for a February 20, 1973 match with Nicaragua. He would go on to play seven times for the Canadian U-20 team in 1973 and 1974. He scored his only goal at the youth level in a 5–0 victory over the Dominican Republic on August 21, 1974. His last game with the U-20s came in a 2–2 tie with Cuba on August 26, 1974. He earned his first cap with the senior team two months later. On October 9, 1974, he started in a 2–0 loss to West Germany. His last match was a 2–0 loss to Scotland on June 19, 1983. Roe also played nine games for the Canadian Olympic Team including four at the 1975 Pan American games.

</doc>
<doc id="5919995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919995" title="Lee Seng Tee">
Lee Seng Tee

Dr. Lee Seng Tee (; born 16 April 1923), , is a Singaporean businessman and philanthropist.
Born in Singapore in 1923, Lee is the second son of Lee Kong Chian and a maternal grandson of Tan Kah Kee. He is a Director of the family's Lee Group of Companies, a Singapore-based conglomerate of firms in industries that include rubber, pineapple, banking and investments. Lee is among the 40 richest people in Singapore due primarily to his stake in the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation (OCBC). In 2009, "Forbes" estimated his fortune, combined with that of his younger brother Lee Seng Wee, to be US$800 million.
Philanthropy.
As Deputy Chairman of the Lee Foundation, Lee also supports education, particularly higher education, around the world through personal donations towards building libraries and reading rooms, as well as supporting the acquisition of published resources for some of the most famous libraries in the world, which include the Needham Research Institute at the University of Cambridge and the Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford. He was named an honorary fellow of the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals for his philanthropic support of libraries worldwide.
In China, Lee's support for the Chinese Chess Association has included the Lee Seng Tee Library at the Chess Academy in Beijing, the ST Lee Beijing International Open, and the Lee Seng Tee Cup (李成智杯). Other projects include the Lee Seng Tee Public Library (李成智公众图书馆) in Nan'an City, Fujian, where his father was born.
Lee also funds projects and lecture series at universities, including Cambridge and Oxford in the United Kingdom, Columbia University, Harvard University, Stanford University and the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, in the United States, the University of Sydney in Australia, the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand, the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa, and the National University of Singapore (NUS). The S.T. Lee Lectures provide a platform for scholars and policy-makers to address critical international issues.
Recognition.
Lee is an Honorary Fellow of the British Academy (1998) and Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2001), as well as an Honorary Fellow of Wolfson College, Cambridge, and Oriel College, Oxford. Lee is a Member of the Guild of Cambridge Benefactors.
Lee graduated from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor's degree in economics in 1950. Lee has also received honorary degrees from the Asian Institute of Technology (1998) in Thailand, Victoria University (2006) and Washington University in St. Louis (2008). 
In October 2009, he was conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters by the Singapore President and NUS Chancellor S. R. Nathan.
Lee has a variety of bamboo, the "Drepanostachyum falcatum var. sengteeanum", named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="5920003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920003" title="James D. Norris">
James D. Norris

James Dougan Norris (November 6, 1906 – February 25, 1966) was an American sports businessman, with interests in boxing, ice hockey, and horse racing. He was the son of James E. Norris (whom the James Norris Memorial Trophy is named after) and half-brother of Bruce Norris and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Born in Chicago, Norris served as a Lieutenant with the United States Navy during World War II. In business, he was a partner in the commoditybrokerage firm, Norris and Kenly, and became involved in hockey by working for his father, who bought the Detroit Red Wings in 1932. In 1946, James D. Norris was one of a group that purchased the Chicago Blackhawks along with Bill Tobin(left Chicago Blackhawks in 1954) and Arthur M. Wirtz Sr. However, he remained a Vice President with the Detroit Red Wings until the summer of 1952. That summer He left to help Arthur M. Wirtz Sr. run the Chicago Black Hawks. In 1957, James Norris along with his half brother Bruce Norris and other NHL owners of the time, were accused of union busting activities related to the attempt by Ted Lindsay and a group of NHL players to form an NHL Players Association. Mr. Norris's role in those affairs are dramatized in the movie, Net Worth.
The Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup in 1961, with Norris as chairman. Norris was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962.
Norris's father passed along several of the family's businesses to him in the late 1940s, including a significant ownership position in Norris Grain Company and Madison Square Garden.
Norris was president of the International Boxing Club of New York from 1949 to 1958. The IBC dominated boxing in the U.S. in the 1950s, but was dissolved by the courts, which ruled it to be a monopoly. As president of the IBC, Norris was involved with organized crime figures. Norris was responsible for fixing numerous bouts. Besides match fixing, he was also unofficially managing many boxers (usually against their will) and persuading them to hire his associates as advisors.
Among his investments, James Norris held interests in the Rock Island Railroad, the Chicago Furniture Mart, and Chicago's Bismarck Hotel. Norris also owned Thoroughbred racehorses and Spring Hill Farm in Paris, Kentucky. His horses raced at tracks in the United States and in Canada where his colt, Rocky Royale, won the 1960 Canadian International Stakes. In 1938 his horse Danger Point, ridden by Eddie Arcaro, won the Metropolitan Handicap.
Like his father, Norris suffered from heart problems and had two heart attacks. He died in Chicago in 1966 at age 59, with a reported net worth of $250 million. Shortly before his death, Norris had arranged for an NHL franchise to be awarded to St. Louis, Missouri, even though no one from St. Louis applied for a franchise. Norris owned the St. Louis Arena.
Awards & achievements.
1936, 1937, 1943, 1950, 1952 Stanley Cup (Detroit)
1961 Stanley Cup (Chicago)

</doc>
<doc id="5920006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920006" title="Sholaga language">
Sholaga language

The Sholaga (Soliga) language is a Dravidian language related to Kannada and Tamil, spoken by the Soliga tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="5920019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920019" title="Betta Kurumba language">
Betta Kurumba language

The Betta Kurumba language (; ) is a Dravidian language related to Tamil, spoken by 32,000 people in the Nilgiri mountains and in adjoining areas in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="5920029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920029" title="Pine Hill Schools">
Pine Hill Schools

The Pine Hill Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade from Pine Hill, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. 
The district's high school also serves the communities of Berlin Township and Clementon as part of sending/receiving relationships.
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's four schools had an enrollment of 2,182 students and 143.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15.3.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "B", the second lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2007-08 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Elementary schools (PreK-5)
Middle School (6-8)
High School (9-12)
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5920030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920030" title="Protocol-based intrusion detection system">
Protocol-based intrusion detection system

A protocol-based intrusion detection system (PIDS) is an intrusion detection system which is typically installed on a web server, and is used in the monitoring and analysis of the protocol in use by the computing system. A PIDS will monitor the dynamic behavior and state of the protocol and will typically consist of a system or agent that would typically sit at the front end of a server, monitoring and analyzing the communication between a connected device and the system it is protecting.
A typical use for a PIDS would be at the front end of a web server monitoring the HTTP (or HTTPS) stream. Because it understands the HTTP relative to the web server/system it is trying to protect it can offer greater protection than less in-depth techniques such as filtering by IP address or port number alone, however this greater protection comes at the cost of increased computing on the web server.
Where HTTPS is in use then this system would need to reside in the "shim" or interface between where HTTPS is un-encrypted and immediately prior to it entering the Web presentation layer.
Monitoring dynamic behavior.
At a basic level a PIDS would look for, and enforce, the correct use of the protocol. 
At a more advanced level the PIDS can learn or be taught acceptable constructs of the protocol, and thus better detect anomalous behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="5920053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920053" title="Darren Eadie">
Darren Eadie

Darren Malcolm Eadie (born 10 June 1975 in Chippenham) is a former professional footballer, who made his name as a pacey left-sided midfielder with Norwich City. He later played for Leicester City.
Club career.
Norwich City.
Eadie was a product of Norwich City's youth system and made his debut in a UEFA Cup match against Vitesse Arnhem in September 1993.
He missed the start of the 1999–2000 season through injury, and in December 1999, as a result of Norwich's financial problems, he was sold to Leicester City F.C. for almost £3 million.
Leicester City.
He was to only play 40 matches for Leicester due to injuries, and he retired in the summer of 2003, aged 28.
International career.
In the summer of 1997, Eadie was called up to the England squad for the Tournoi de France.
Retirement.
In 2002 he was voted an inaugural member of the Norwich City Hall of Fame, which was established to celebrate the club's centenary. In an interview for the Norwich City matchday programme on 13 August 2005, Eadie stated that he had found retirement difficult, particularly as many of his friends were still playing professional football. It was reported in July 2012 that he had fought severe depression and suffered panic attacks.
Darren now co-presents The Mustard Show, a weekday evening magazine TV show for Norwich based Mustard TV. 

</doc>
<doc id="5920062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920062" title="Crooks fluctuation theorem">
Crooks fluctuation theorem

The Crooks equation (CE) is an equation in statistical mechanics that relates the work done on a system during a non-equilibrium transformation to the free energy difference between the final and the initial state of the transformation. During the non equilibrium transformation the system is at constant volume and in contact with a heat reservoir. The CE is named after the chemist Gavin E. Crooks (then at University of California) who discovered it in 1998. The CE is a special case of the more general fluctuation theorem. 
If we define a generic reaction coordinate of the system as a function of the Cartesian coordinates of the constituent particles ( e.g. , a distance between two particles), we can characterize every point along the reaction coordinate path by a parameter formula_1, such that formula_2 and formula_3 correspond to two ensembles of microstates for which the reaction coordinate is constrained to different values. A dynamical process where formula_1 is externally driven from zero to one, according to an arbitrary time scheduling, will be referred as forward transformation , while the time reversal path will be indicated as backward
transformation. Given these definitions, the CE sets a relation between the following four quantities:
The CE equation reads as follows: 
formula_25 
In the previous equation the difference formula_26 corresponds to the work dissipated in the forward transformation, formula_27. The probabilities formula_5 and formula_9 become identical when the transformation is performed at infinitely slow speed, i.e. for equilibrium transformations. In such case formula_30 and formula_27 = 0.
Using the time reversal relation formula_32, and grouping together all the trajectories yielding the same work (in the forward and backward transformation),
we can write the above equation in terms of the work distribution functions as follows 
formula_33 
Note that for the backward transformation, the work distribution function must be evaluated by taking the work with the opposite sign. 
The two work distributions for the forward and backward processes cross at formula_34. This phenomenon has been experimentally verified using optical tweezers for the
process of unfolding and refolding of a small RNA hairpin and an RNA three-helix junction [http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v437/n7056/full/nature04061.html]
The CE implies the Jarzynski equality. 

</doc>
<doc id="5920068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920068" title="Whitelands College">
Whitelands College

Whitelands College is one of the four constituent colleges of the University of Roehampton. 
History.
One of the oldest higher education institutions in England (predating every university except Oxford, Cambridge, London and Durham), Whitelands College was founded by the Church of England's National Society in 1841 as a teacher training college for women.
Whitelands College was named after Whitelands House on the King's Road in Chelsea, in which it was originally based. In the early-1930s, the college outgrew Whitelands House and moved to buildings by Giles Gilbert Scott in Southfields, near Putney. (The original Chelsea building was sold to the British Union of Fascists in the summer of 1933 and became known as "the Black House".) The college buildings include a Grade I listed Georgian villa, Parkstead House. Built in the early 1760s for the 2nd Earl of Bessborough, the house was extended and renamed Manresa House after the property became a Jesuit novitiate in the mid-nineteenth century. From the novitiate, the Jesuits founded St Joseph Church in Roehampton.
In 1975, Whitelands College entered into an academic federation with three other south-west London teacher training colleges – Digby Stuart, Froebel and Southlands – to form the Roehampton Institute of Higher Education. In 2000, the Institute federated with the University of Surrey to become the University of Surrey Roehampton. In late 2003, the University of Surrey Roehampton announced that it would submit an application for independent university status. This was granted on 1 August 2004.
Present.
In 2005, Whitelands vacated the Southfields site and relocated to Roehampton, overlooking Richmond Park. (The main building on the Southfield site was later converted into luxury housing.)

</doc>
<doc id="5920087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920087" title="Charles G. Maurice">
Charles G. Maurice

In a teaching career that spanned 37 years at the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry, Dr. Charles G. Maurice (1911-1997) began in the old Department of Applied Materia Medica and Therapeutics and ended up establishing the Department of Endodontics, becoming its first head in 1967. This was not his first pioneering effort in endodontics, however, as he was one of the founders of the American Association of Endodontists in 1943. He also was a Diplomate of the American Board of Endodontics.
Dr. Maurice developed, organized, and conducted postgraduate courses in both periodontics and endodontics. His laboratory manual for preclinical endodontics, updated, still is in use. He authored many publications and was an important contributor to the textbook "Endodontology".

</doc>
<doc id="5920088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920088" title="Carpe Diem (drink)">
Carpe Diem (drink)

Carpe Diem is a range of energy and 'functional' soft beverages distributed in the United Kingdom and other European countries by Red Bull. They were launched by the founder of Red Bull into an upscale and health conscious drinks marketplace, being first stocked by stores such as Selfridges before being distributed to mainstream stores such as Tesco.
Range.
The Carpe Diem feature the following flavours:

</doc>
<doc id="5920090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920090" title="Diane Gordon">
Diane Gordon

Diane Gordon is an American politician and a former member of the New York State Assembly who represented the East New York section of Brooklyn from 2001 to 2008. 
Political background.
On July 10, 2006, Gordon was indicted by the office of the Brooklyn District Attorney, who filed charges alleging that the assemblywoman offered to help a contractor obtain a $2 million parcel of land from the city if he would build her a house. On April 8, 2008, she was convicted on eight of nine counts, including: Two counts of receiving bribes, two counts of official misconduct and two counts of "receiving awards for official misconduct." On January 21, 2009, after six months of legal appeals, she began serving her two-to-six year jail term.
Family.
Diane Gordon has three children named Misha, Mireille, and Helen with one child who had unfortunately deceased. 
Residence.
Diane Gordon was born in Hemmingway, North Carolina and her home city is in Broklyn, New York.
Education.
Diane Gordon received her education from the following institutions:
Organizations.
Diane Gordon has been a member of the following organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="5920093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920093" title="Ruslana's Charity Concert">
Ruslana's Charity Concert

The Heart Of Europe Concert was a concert held on May 18, 2005 in Kiev's Maidan Nezalezhnosti as part of Eurovision Song Contest 2005 opening. It was translated live on at least two national TV channels 1+1 and Inter - 
Ruslana sang the following songs:
After her performance Ruslana finished the show by lighting a symbolic Heart of Europe. The same heart was lightened in all big cities of Ukraine - Odessa, Lviv, Donetsk, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkiv by girls called Ruslana. After this ceremony Ruslana performed the anthem of Eurovision one more time. The fireworks were being shot during this performance. 
Other performers :

</doc>
<doc id="5920103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920103" title="International Fairtrade Certification Mark">
International Fairtrade Certification Mark

The International FAIRTRADE Certification Mark is an independent certification mark used in over 50 countries. It appears on products as an independent guarantee that a product has been produced according to Fairtrade political standards.
The FAIRTRADE Mark is owned and protected by Fairtrade International (FLO), on behalf of its 25 member and associate member Fairtrade producer networks and labelling initiatives.
For a product to carry the FAIRTRADE Mark, it must come from FLO-CERT inspected and certified producer organizations. The crops must be marketed in accordance with the International Fairtrade standards set by Fairtrade International. The supply chain is also monitored by FLO-CERT. To become certified Fairtrade producers, the primary cooperative and its member farmers must operate to certain political standards, imposed from Europe. FLO-CERT, the for-profit side, handles producer certification, inspecting and certifying producer organisations in more than 50 countries in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. In the Fair trade debate there are many complaints of failure to enforce these standards, with Fairtrade cooperatives, importers and packers profiting by evading them.
As of 2006, the following products currently carry the FAIRTRADE Mark: coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa, sugar, bananas, apples, pears, grapes, plums, lemons, oranges, Satsumas, clementines, lychees, avocados, pineapples, mangoes, fruit juices, quinoa, peppers, green beans, coconut, dried fruit, rooibos tea, green tea, cakes and biscuits, honey, muesli, cereal bars, jams, chutney and sauces, herbs and spices, nuts and nut oil, wine, beer, rum, flowers, footballs, rice, yogurt, baby food, sugar body scrub, cotton wool and cotton products.
How it works.
The marketing system for Fairtrade and non-Fairtrade coffee is identical in the consuming countries, using mostly the same importing, packing, distributing and retailing firms. Some independent brands operate a virtual company, paying importers, packers and distributors and advertising agencies to handle their brand, for cost reasons. In the producing country Fairtrade is marketed only by Fairtrade cooperatives, while other coffee is marketed by Fairtrade cooperatives (as uncertified coffee), by other cooperatives and by ordinary traders.
Retailers and cafes in the rich countries can sell Fairtrade coffee at any price they like, so nearly all the extra price paid by consumers, 82% to 99%, is kept in the rich countries as increased profit. There is however evidence that dishonest importers do not pay the full Fairtrade price, so an even smaller proportion reaches the Third World.
Cooperative traders and exporters can sell coffee as Fairtrade certified if they meet the political standards of FLO and they pay a certification and inspection fee. Other administration costs and production costs are incurred to meet these standards. The exporter (not the farmer) is paid a minimum price for Fairtrade certified coffee when the world market is oversupplied, and a Fairtrade premium of 15c per lb at other times. The cooperatives can, on average, sell only a third of their output as Fairtrade, because of lack of demand, and sell the rest at world prices. As the additional costs are incurred on all production, not just that sold as Fairtrade, cooperatives sometimes lose money on their Fairtrade membership. After the additional costs have been subtracted from the Fairtrade price, the rest goes on ‘Social Projects’ such as clinics, women’s groups and baseball pitches.
Farmers do not get any of the higher price under Fairtrade. Nor is there any evidence that they get higher prices as a result of better marketing: the cooperatives sometimes pay farmers a higher price than farmers do, sometimes less, but there is no evidence on which is more common. Farmers do, however,incur extra costs in producing Fairtrade, so they certainly do lose money from Fairtrade membership in some cases. There is little or no research on the extra costs incurred, or the effect of Fairtrade membership on the income of farmers.
Disambiguation: There is widespread confusion because the fair trade industry standards provided by Fairtrade International (The Fairtrade Labelling Organization) use the word “producer” in many different senses, often in the same specification document. Sometimes it refers to farmers, sometimes to the primary cooperatives they belong to, to the secondary cooperatives that the primary cooperatives belong to, or to the tertiary cooperatives that the secondary cooperatives may belong to but “Producer means any entity that has been certified under the Fairtrade International Generic Fairtrade Standard for Small Producer Organizations, Generic Fairtrade Standard for Hired Labour Situations, or Generic Fairtrade Standard for Contract Production.”. The word is used in all these meanings in key documents. In practice, when price and credit are discussed, “producer” means the exporting organization, “For small producers’ organizations, payment must be made directly to the certified small producers’ organization”. and “In the case of a small producers’ organization for coffee, Fairtrade Minimum Prices are set at the level of the Producer Organization, not at the level of individual producers (members of the organization)” which means that the “producer” here is half way up the marketing chain between the farmer and the consumer. The part of the standards referring to cultivation, environment, pesticides and child labour has the farmer as “producer”. The part referring to democratic organization has the primary cooperative as “producer”.
Fairtrade Standards contain minimum requirements that all producer organisations must meet to become certified as well as progress requirements in which producers must demonstrate improvements over time.
There are several types of Fairtrade Standards: Standards for small farmers' organizations.”, standards for hired labour situations, standards for contract situations and standards for trade (importers), and there are also standards for the different products.
Fairtrade Standards for small farmers' organizations include requirements for democratic decision making, ensuring that producers have a say in how the Fairtrade Premiums are invested etc. They also include requirements for capacity building and economic strengthening of the organization.
Fairtrade Standards for hired labour situations ensure that employees receive minimum wages and bargain collectively. Fairtrade-certified plantations must also ensure that there is no forced or child labour and that health and safety requirements are met. (These labor standards do not apply to, Fairtrade “small farmer cooperatives” though some have an average of 2.39 ha per farmer of just one crop, coffee, with some single farmers having more than 23 ha coffee, implying substantial use of hired labor.) In a hired labour situation, Fairtrade Standards require a “joint body” to be set up with representatives from both the management and the employees. This joint body decides on how Fairtrade Premiums will be spent to benefit plantation employees.
For some products, such as coffee, only Fairtrade Standards for small farmers' organizations are applicable. For others, such as tea, both small farmers' organizations and plantations can be certified.
Trade standards cover the payment of premiums, of minimum prices, where applicable, the provision of credit to buy the crop, and commercial relationships between the exporting cooperative or other organization and the importer.
Typically, in order for a product to be marked as "Fair-trade " at least 20% of its mass must be made up of a Fairtrade product.
Fairtrade Standards and procedures are approved by the Fairtrade International Standards Committee, an external committee comprising all FLO stakeholders (labeling initiatives, producers and traders) and external experts. Fairtrade Standards are set by FLO in accordance to the requirements of the ISEAL Code of Good Practice in standard setting and are in addition the result of a consultation process, involving a variety of stakeholders: producers, traders, external experts, inspectors, certification staff etc.
There are however criticisms of the standards. There have been complaints that Fairtrade standards are inappropriate and may harm producers, sometimes imposing months of additional work for little return. There have also been complaints that standards set by a small committee of activists in the rich north have been imposed on poor farmers in the Third World. Fraser suggests that they are a rag bag of requirements imposed without thought of what is to be achieved or how.
Fairtrade pricing.
The main aspects of the Fairtrade system are the Minimum Price and the Premium. These are paid to the exporting firm, usually a second tier cooperative, not to the farmer. They are not paid for everything produced by the cooperative members, but for that proportion of13their output they are able to sell with the brand 'Fairtrade Certified', typically 17% to as much as 60% of their turnover.
There are complaints that the standards relating to paying of price premiums, minimum prices, provision of credit, etc. by importers in rich countries are not enforced. In particular importers can demand to get a higher quality at the same official Fairtrade price, or withhold other services, threatening to buy from another Fairtrade supplier if the exporter dif not agree to this kickback, or if the supplyer complains that a kickback is demanded. De Janvry, McIntosh and Sadoulet have quantified this for a large group of Fairtrade coffee cooperatives in South America over a dozen years. They found that this kickback was 10c a pound over a period when the official price premium was 5c or 10c a pound, and this, plus the certification fee, meant that the cooperatives made a loss in years when a premium was payable, and were paid substantially less than the official minimum prices in years when a minimum price was payable. These should have been identified and rectified by the certification agency.
Fairtrade inspection and certification.
Fairtrade inspection and certification are carried out, for a fee, by FLO-CERT, an independent, for profit, body created by Fairtrade International in 2004. FLO-CERT certifies that both producers and traders have met with Fairtrade Standards and that producers have invested any surplus received through Fairtrade in social projects.
FLO-CERT works with a network of around 100 independent inspectors that regularly visit producer and trade organizations and report back to FLO-CERT. All certification decisions are then taken by a Certification Committee, composed of stakeholders from producers, traders, national labelling organisations and external experts. An Appeals Committee handles all appeals.
FLO-CERT inspections and certification follow the international ISO standards for product certification bodies (ISO 65).
There have been claims that adherence to fair trade standards by producers has been poor and that enforcement of standards by Fairtrade is very weak, notably by Christian Jacquiau. and by Paola Ghillani, who spent four years as president of Fairtrade Labelling Organizations. There is criticism of poor enforcement: labourers on Fairtrade farms in Peru are paid less than the minimum wage; some non-Fairtrade coffee is sold as Fairtrade; "the standards are not very strict in the case of seasonally hired labour in coffee production"; "some fair trade standards are not strictly enforced"; and supermarkets may avoid their responsibility. In 2006, a "Financial Times" journalist found that ten out of the ten mills they visited had sold uncertified coffee to co-operatives as certified. It reported that they were "also handed evidence of at least one coffee association that received Fairtrade certification despite illegally growing some 20 per cent of its coffee in protected national forest land.
Costs and Returns.
Fairtrade farmers and marketing organizations incur a wide range of costs in achieving and maintaining certification. They incur these costs on all their production, but they can only recover costs on the small part of their production that they can sell as “Fairtrade certified”. In practice they can sell only small of their output as Fairtrade, because of lack of demand, and must sell the rest as uncertified at world prices. For example, there is not enough demand to take all the certified coffee produced, so most has to be sold as uncertified. In 2001 only 13.6% could be sold as certified so limits were placed on new cooperatives joining the scheme. This plus an increased demand put up sales of certified to around 50% in 2003 with a figure of 37% commonly cited in recent years. Some exporting cooperatives do not manage to sell any of their output as certified, and others sell as little as 8%. Weber reports cooperatives not able to cover the extra costs of a marketing team for Fairtrade, with one covering only 70% of these costs after six years of Fairtrade membership.
Certified organizations such as cooperatives have to pay FLO-CERT a fee to become certified and a further annual fee for audit and continued certification Fairtrade inspection and certification are carried out, for a fee. The first year certification fee per unit sold as “Fairtrade certified” varies but has been over 6c/lb with an annual fee of 3c/lb to 3.4c/b for coffee up to 2006 in some countries, at a time when the “Fairtrade premium” was 5c to 10c/lb.
The cooperative or other certified organization has to spend money on conforming to the standards, with changed employment practices, the introduction and administration of the required democratic processes, changed processing, labelling and packing, changed material. They also incur extra costs in selling: . Weber reports cooperatives not able to cover the extra costs of a marketing team for Fairtrade, with one covering only 70% of these costs after six years of Fairtrade membership.
It is generally agreed that some organizations make a loss from their Fairtrade certification. but there are very few economic studies showing what happened to the money.
Fairtrade farmers also have to meet a large range of criteria on production: there are limits on using child labour, pesticides, herbicides, genetically modified products etc. These cost money, mean that the farmers have to do more work in the hot sun, and that they have to hire labour instead of using family labour. In times when world prices are so low that there is no “social premium” and the minimum price is paid, some farmers have negotiated that some of the money is paid to them, rather than being used for social projects.
History.
Fairtrade labelled coffee, the first Fairtrade labelled product, was first launched in the Netherlands in 1988. The label, launched by Nico Roozen and Dutch missionary Frans van der Hoff, was then called Max Havelaar after a fictional Dutch character who opposed the exploitation of coffee pickers in Dutch colonies. Fairtrade labelling allowed Fairtrade Certified goods to be sold outside the World shops for the first time and into mainstream retailers, reaching a larger consumer segment and boosting sales significantly.
The concept caught on: in the ensuing years, similar non-profit Fairtrade labelling organizations were set up in other European countries and North America, called “Max Havelaar” (in Belgium, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway and France), “Transfair” (in Germany, Luxembourg, Austria, Italy, the United States, Canada and Japan), or carrying a national name: “Fairtrade Mark” in the UK and Ireland, “Rättvisemärkt” in Sweden, and "Reilu Kauppa" in Finland. Initially, the Max Havelaars and the Transfairs each had their own Fairtrade standards, product committees and monitoring systems. In 1994, a process of convergence among the labelling organizations – or “LIs” (for “Labelling Initiatives”) – started with the establishment of a TransMax working group, culminating in 1997 in the creation of Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International, now known simply as Fairtrade International (FLO). FLO is an umbrella organization whose mission is to set the Fairtrade Standards, support, inspect and certify disadvantaged producers and harmonize the Fairtrade message across the movement.
In 2002, FLO launched a new FAIRTRADE Certification Mark. The goals of the launch were to improve the visibility of the Mark on supermarket shelves, convey a dynamic, forward-looking image for Fairtrade, facilitate cross border trade and simplify procedures for importers and traders.
The FAIRTRADE Mark harmonization process is still under way – as of March 2011, all but two labelling initiatives (TransFair USA and TransFair Canada) have fully adopted the new international Certification Mark. These two organizations currently use the Fair Trade Certified Mark, however Canadian organization began actively promoting the new international Certification Mark in 2010 as part of a total transition toward it. TransFair USA has apparently elected to continue with its own mark for the time being.
At present, over 19 FLO Member Labelling Initiatives are using the International Fairtrade Certification Mark. There are now Fairtrade Certification Marks on dozens of different products, based on FLO’s certification for coffee, tea, rice, bananas, mangoes, cocoa, cotton, sugar, honey, fruit juices, nuts, fresh fruit, quinoa, herbs and spices, wine and footballs etc.
References.
Please do not type footnotes here. Instead insert the footnote in its proper spot in the body of this article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="5920131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920131" title="Mount Leinster">
Mount Leinster

Mount Leinster () is a 796 metre (2,605 ft) high mountain in the Republic of Ireland. It straddles the border between Counties Carlow and Wexford, in the province of Leinster. It is the fifth highest mountain after Lugnaquilla 925m, Mullaghcleevaun 849m, Tonelegee 817m, and Cloghernagh 800m in Leinster and the highest of the Blackstairs Mountains. A RTÉ television transmitter tops the peak with a mast height of 122 m.
The TV transmitter site is a popular location for hang gliding enthusiasts to launch from. In 2003, a hang glider pilot died from injuries sustained in the crash landing of his flight launched from the mountain. There is a memorial at the peak of the mountain.
The mountain is most often climbed from the Nine Stones, a landmark point at the foot of Mount Leinster, about 8 miles east of Borris. From Borris there is a road to a visitor car park on the mountain. From there the steep RTÉ access road leads to the summit. This road is closed to normal traffic and RTÉ have now fenced off the transmitter mast from public access to prevent vandalism.
The Nine Stones and the car park lie on the saddle between Mount Leinster and the nearby Slievebawn ("Sliabh Bán"; 52°38′18.6″N 6°48′33.32″W; 520m). There are in fact ten stones. They are arranged in a line and the largest is about 50cm high. The origin of the stones is uncertain.
Cycling:
Mount Leinster has been used in stages of the Tour of Ireland and on many occasions in the The FBD Insurance Rás (Rás Tailteann). It may be climbed from the Borris side in County Carlow or the Bunclody side in County Wexford. Ascending from Borris the climb is 11 km long and has an average gradient of 6.9%. The last two kilometres are very tough reaching a gradient of almost 16%. Although the climb from Bunclody is slightly longer at 13 km its average gradient is 5.9%. The last kilometre of this climb is difficult with a gradient of 16.3%
Transmitter.
The Mount Leinster transmitter is owned and operated by 2RN and at 796m ASL it is the highest transmission site in Ireland . It was one of the original five main Telefís Éireann television transmitters, opening on the 12 June 1963 with a 625-line service on Channel F. VHF FM radio transmissions were added in 1966, with UHF television starting in 1996. The original mast was replaced in 2010 with a taller one of 122m in preparation for DTT transmission. 
Today the station provides the Irish digital television service Saorview to a large area of South East Ireland, the transmissions can also be received on the West coast of Wales.
See also.
Aircraft:- Rheims/Cessna F182 
Registration:- G-BKGY 
Pilot-In-Command:- N. R. Harper 
Passengers:- 3 passengers – including Stephen Harris who held a PPL with an assistant flying Instructor rating
1 Male passenger
1 Female passenger
Injuries:- 4 Fatal
Intended Flight:- Birmingham – Kilkenny
Alternate Dublin. 
The aircraft departed Birmingham at 0745 hrs GMT. At 0905 hrs GMT the aircraft contacted Shannon ATC and advised that he estimated Kilkenny at 0935 hrs GMT. At 0915 hrs GMT he advised Shannon that he was leaving 6,000 ft descending to 3,000 ft. At 0918 hrs GMT the pilot advised that he was ten miles east of the coast and passing through 4,000 ft. That was the last message received from G-BKGY. 
At 21.00 the aircraft wreckage was discovered at Mt. Leinster, 30 ft from the summit which is 2,409 ft. There were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="5920138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920138" title="Brad Jones (racing driver)">
Brad Jones (racing driver)

Bradley Jones also known as Brad (born 2 April 1960) is a retired Australian racing driver. Jones now acts as team co-principal with his brother Kim in the V8 Supercar racing team, Brad Jones Racing.
Motorsport career.
Jones was born and grew up in the country town of Albury in New South Wales, where he still lives now. He has a range of experience in domestic and international racing that he puts to use in the V8 Supercar team he owns and runs with his brother Kim. Jones has driven with a number of manufacturers including Ford, Holden, Lotus, Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, Audi and Mitsubishi at domestic and international circuits in Japan, Macau and Belgium as well as Australia and New Zealand.
Jones started his racing career at the age of 14 doing motor cross racing from which he eventually progressed up to Formula Ford in 1980. He then spent a number of years occasionally driving a twin-turbo Chevrolet V8 powered Mercedes-Benz 450 SLC for Shepparton based racer Bryan Thompson. While driving for Thompson, Jones finished seventh in the 1985 Australian GT Championship driving the Mercedes and a Chevrolet Monza previously driven by Bob Jane, Peter Brock and Allan Grice (Thompson would win the championship also driving both cars). Jones also proved himself as one of the stars of Series Production racing driving a Mitsubishi Starion Turbo during the early-mid 1980s, having many battles with production car "king" Peter Fitzgerald in another Starion, and the Alfa Romeo GTV6 of Colin Bond.
In 1985 the Mitsubishi Ralliart Team invited him to race in the two major Australian endurance races, the 1985 Castrol 500 at Sandown, and the 1985 James Hardie 1000 in a factory Group A Mitsubishi Starion. Jones' first start in the Bathurst 1000 lasted only just past the first turn on the first lap. A mid-field mishap saw Jones' Starion and the Holden VK Commodore of 1981 race winner John French collide and spin off into the tyre barrier with both cars too damaged to continue. This relationship with the Ralliart team lasted on and off until the end of 1988, with Jones racing extensively in Japan and often being overlooked for Australian races. During this time he qualified the Starion in the top 10 at Bathurst for the 1986 James Hardie 1000, and finish 10th outright in 1988.
For 1989 Jones moved into the "big time", landing the drive as Peter Brock's team mate in the Mobil 1 Racing team driving an ex-Andy Rouse BTCC Ford Sierra RS500 in the 1989 Australian Touring Car Championship, though his series was cut short after Barry Sheene had wrecked Jones' car while testing at Winton. He would later qualify his car in the top 10 at the 1989 Tooheys 1000 and partnering Paul Radisich would finish the race in ninth position. In the 1990 the cost of running the expensive European based Sierra's forced Brock to join forces with Andrew Miedecke (who's own Sierra, like Brock's, had links to British Sierra expert Rouse), leaving Jones without a drive. From 1990-1994 he was then called upon to drive for the Factory Holden Racing Team in the endurance races. While he was with the factory team he was quite successful and gained many podiums at both Sandown and Bathurst paired with Neil Crompton (1990–91), Tomas Mezera (1992), Wayne Gardner (1993) and Craig Lowndes (1994).
At this time he was also having great success in the AUSCAR series in which he eventually won 5 consecutive times in his self run team (with help from his brother Kim), Coopertools Racing, all using Holden Commodore's, and also won the 94/95 Australian NASCAR series driving a Chevrolet Lumina. In 1995 he switched from the Holden Racing Team to the Wayne Gardner owned Coca Cola Team for whom he drove in both Sandown and Bathurst for 1995 and 1996 in a Holden Commodore. Once he lost the contract to drive with HRT he had to wait another year to get a contract to drive with Mark Larkham's Mitre 10 Ford Team. In the mid 1990s he also set up a highly successful Audi Super Touring team for the Australian Super Touring Championship, winning the championship in 1996 and 1998. He finished second with Frank Biela in an Audi A4 Quattro in the Super Touring 1997 AMP Bathurst 1000, while finishing third in 1998 with regular partner Cameron McConville.
He also won the 1994 Australian Super Production Car Series in a Lotus Esprit.
In 2000 the Jones brothers agreed that it would be a good decision to move to V8 Supercars full-time with their own team, the OzEmail Racing Team. In just the second year after the team was established, Jones and co-driver John Cleland finished second at the 2001 V8 Supercar 1000 at Bathurst after fighting Mark Skaife right to the end of the 1000 kilometre race with a gap at the end of only just over 2 seconds after a 6-hour race. Jones was unlucky as Skaife's HRT Commodore had its radiator blocked by plastic bags in the last few laps of the race which sent its engine temperatures soaring. HRT team manager Jeff Grech later revealed that Skaife's car was so close to overheating that team engineers believed it would have been lucky to last one more lap before expiring.
In 2002, Brad Jones Racing returned to the Mount Panorama Circuit with a two car team, Jones teamed up with John Bowe and led the race for the first 59 laps, setting the fastest ever race lap time in the history of the event at the time. In 2003 BJR didn't finish well but that took a turn in 2004 when the team took 3rd at the mountain.
In 2005 there was a change of team sponsor and the team was now called Team BOC. The team started on a high when Jones and Bowe placed first and second in the V8 Supercar support races at the Australian Grand Prix when they were the only team to choose dry slicks while the others took wet tyres in changing weather conditions. It then swiftly changed for the worse at Bathurst when Jones and the team could only manage 26th qualifying position and on race day were wiped out while charging through the field within the first 10 laps.
In 2006 there was new hope for Jones and the team as they had a new engine supplier, Stone Brothers Racing, and staff changes. But the SBR engine pack lacked reliability and power, which made the engine famous and the team struggled, especially after one of their codrivers (Mark Porter) was killed in an accident at the Bathurst 1000 km round. At the end of the season, long time driver John Bowe left the team and moved to Paul Cruickshank Racing. Jones' nephew, Andrew Jones joined the team after his two years at Garry Rogers Motorsport in 2005 and Tasman Motorsport in 2006.
Jones announced his retirement from full-time racing after the 2007 New Zealand round. His car was driven for the rest of the season by Simon Wills. Jones continues to appear in media roles regularly having taken on guest commentator roles with TV broadcasts over ten years ago, and today co-hosts with Neil Crompton, "The Panelbeaters" which is presently hosted by internet provider Telstra Bigpond as part of their V8 Supercar package. Jones continued to drive for his team in an endurance co-driver role, finishing fifth in the 2008 Bathurst 1000. After running as high a third in the 2009 Bathurst 1000 and a career spanning 109 ATCC/V8s races spanning 24 seasons, Jones retired from competitive racing.

</doc>
<doc id="5920139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920139" title="Pids">
Pids

PIDS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5920148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920148" title="Mika Myllylä">
Mika Myllylä

Mika Kristian Myllylä (12 September 1969 – 5 July 2011) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed from 1992 to 2005. He won six medals at the Winter Olympics, earning one gold (1998: 30 km), one silver (1994: 50 km), and four bronzes (1994: 30 km, 4 × 10 km; 1998: 10 km, 4 × 10 km).
Myllylä also won a total of nine medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, winning four golds (1997: 50 km, 1999: 10 km, 30 km, 50 km), three silvers (10 km + 15 km combined pursuit: 1997, 1999; 4 × 10 km relay: 1997), and two bronzes (10 km: 1995, 1997).
He was on his way to become one of the greatest stars in cross-country skiing history, until he was caught doping in the Finnish 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships scandal for taking hydroxyethyl starch (HES), a blood plasma expander usually used to cover up the use of erythropoietin (EPO) in athletes. The scandal also affected five other Finnish skiers, including Jari Isometsä and Harri Kirvesniemi. Myllylä received a two-year suspension from the FIS as a result. In connection with a 2011 court case, Myllylä gave a sworn statement where he admitted using EPO in the 1990s, during his career.
After the suspension Myllylä tried to return to skiing, but failed to come back to the international level despite winning a few Finnish championships. Myllylä retired from the skiing sports in 2005. In the following years he was involved in alcohol-related problems which were extensively covered in Finnish tabloid papers. On 5 July 2011, Myllylä was found dead at his home in Kokkola. According to the police investigation, his death was an accident and both suicide and foul play could be ruled out.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5920150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920150" title="Henry Home-Drummond">
Henry Home-Drummond

Henry Home-Drummond (1783–12 September 1867) was a Scottish politician.
Home-Drummond was called to the Scottish Bar in 1808, and later served as Vice-Lieutenant of Perthshire. He sat as Member of Parliament for Stirlingshire from 1821 to 1831 and for Perthshire from 1840 to 1852.
Home-Drummond married Christian, eldest daughter of Charles Moray Stirling, in 1812; they had two sons and a daughter, the latter later to become Anne Murray, Duchess of Atholl.

</doc>
<doc id="5920157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920157" title="Love Makes a Family">
Love Makes a Family

Love Makes a Family is a non-profit advocacy and assistance organization of families headed by LGBT people, and their friends, working for equal marriage and family rights in the United States. It is also the name of a former organization in Connecticut that disbanded in 2009 after achieving its aims.
Love Makes a Family, Inc. was founded in 1992 by Bonnie Tinker as an outgrowth of the making of a video of the same name on lesbian and gay Quaker families, and incorporated in 1993 in connection with opposition to Ballot Measure 9 on the part of "a racially diverse group of sexual minorities in Oregon and Southwest Washington." It is headquartered in Portland, Oregon. Its activities began in support of families, with support groups for parents and children and then a talk show with Tinker on a Christian right-wing radio station, KKEY, a newsletter, a schools committee to speak with students and teachers, and increasing political activity. Based on Tinker's view that "meaningful social change doesn’t take place with 50 percent plus one, but rather when communities are transformed," the group also has booths at the Oregon State Fair for marriage equality and for non-violence, and continues Tinker's "Open Hearts and Minds" workshop since her death in an accident in July 2009.
Love Makes a Family of Connecticut or Love Makes a Family (Connecticut), Inc. was founded in 1999 as a coalition of organizations and individuals working for equal marriage rights for same-sex couples in Connecticut, using community education, grassroots organizing and legislative advocacy and lobbying. Founded by five statewide organizations to pass a co-parent adoption law, it succeeded in 2000 in that and also in defeating a "Defense of Marriage Act," and therefore instead of disbanding, incorporated and made the legalization of gay marriage its new goal. After that goal was achieved, in November 2009 it dissolved and donated its records to the Yale University Library.

</doc>
<doc id="5920167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920167" title="Joyride (The Outer Limits)">
Joyride (The Outer Limits)

"Joyride" is an episode of television show "The Outer Limits". It first aired on 26 February 1999.
Introduction.
A retired astronaut decides to head back into space one last time in an attempt to figure out where his life stopped being fulfilling.
Plot.
When NASA astronaut Theodore Harris was in space the first time on September 16, 1963, it didn't go quite as planned. Alone in his Mercury capsule, he panicked and aborted the mission when a mysterious violet light penetrated the cockpit and began enveloping his body. In the investigation that followed, no evidence could be found to support his story, leaving a blot on Harris' NASA record and his life in ruins.
And now, at age 63, he knows he can never make amends with his estranged wife Madelaine, but he feels that he could clear his name if he could just get back to where he saw the light. When NASA turns him down, Harris is recruited by Carlton Powers, a self-made billionaire who plans to privatize space travel and thinks Harris' presence on the inaugural flight (on his new "Daedalus" spaceship) will help him sell the service.
Harris and Power are joined on the flight by Martin Reese, a skeptical tabloid reporter, Lil Vaughn, an eccentric fashion mogul and Ty and Barbara Chafey, young newlyweds who won a contest to travel on the space plane. But none of the "Daedalus" passengers know that Harris has reprogrammed the flight plan to take the flight to the site of the close encounter that shattered the young man's life.
When they reach the location, Harris heads out in a spacesuit without a tether and encounters the mysterious light again. This time he isn't afraid and learns the truth: the light never meant him any harm, it simply came to Earth to study humanity but never to interfere with it. As a gift, the light sends him back to 1963 but changes things so that he successfully completed his mission, giving him another chance at life and another chance to be with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="5920170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920170" title="Manned Orbital Development System">
Manned Orbital Development System

Manned Orbital Development System was created by the US Air Force Space System Division (SSD) in June 1962. It was to begin working on plans to use Gemini hardware as the first step in a new US Air Force man-in-space program called MODS (Manned Orbital Development System), a type of military space station that used Gemini spacecraft as ferry vehicles. The term Blue Gemini first showed up in August 1962 as part of a more specific proposal to fly six Gemini missions with Air Force pilots in a preliminary orientation and training phase of MODS. MODS was effectively superseded when the Manned Orbital Laboratory was announced in December 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="5920180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920180" title="Lhanbryde">
Lhanbryde

Lhanbryde (Gaelic: "Lann Brìghde") is a village in Moray, Scotland, four miles east of Elgin. Previously bisected by the A96, it was bypassed in the early 1990s and now lies to the north of this busy trunk road. It has a population of 1,880 according to the 2011 Census.
The origin of the name "Lhanbryde" is thought to be Pictish, meaning the "Church Place of St Bride ". Why the name has emerged in modern times in its very Welsh form is unclear. The village name was recorded as Lamanbride in 1215; Lambride at the end of the 14th century; Lambry in 1600; and Longbride in 1750. One possibility might have been with the arrival of a post office in the village in 1839, a process that elsewhere fixed names in place – and sometimes changed them. Another might have been the arrival in 1858 of the railway from Elgin to Keith, on which Lhanbryde had a station. Little remains of the church after which Lhanbryde is named. A churchyard stands above the north side of the main road in the centre of the village, but by 1796 the church that stood here – itself probably only the last in a series on the site – was in a state of ruin and was demolished.
Location.
Lhanbryde lies some four miles east of Elgin. The town is quieter than it was before being bypassed by the main A96 in the early 1990s, its curving main street now passes between picturesque cottages and carries only a small fraction of the traffic that once cut the village in half.
Lhanbryde's proximity to Elgin and the good rail links led to the village's steady growth as a dormitory for Moray's main town. The station closed in the 1960s, though the main line continues to pass close to the village. But by then many commuters were no longer reliant on the train anyway.
Community.
Pupils from the local Primary School, Lhanbryde Primary School, depending where they live either go to Milnes' High School or one of the two Elgin high schools, Elgin Academy or Elgin High School.
A member of the Knights Templar is buried in the Lhanbryde cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5920183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920183" title="Guy Granet">
Guy Granet

Sir William Guy Granet, GBE (13 October 1867 – 11 October 1943) trained as a barrister but became a noted railway administrator, first as general manager of the Midland Railway then as a director-general in the War Office.
Biography.
Guy Granet was the second son of William Augustus Granet and was born in Genoa, where his father was a banker. He was educated at Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford (Modern History, 1889) and was called to the bar in 1893 at Lincoln's Inn.
In 1892 he married Florence Gully, daughter of William Court Gully (later Viscount Selby).
They had one child, Diana, who married the novelist Denis Mackail.
Granet moved into railway management after holding the post of secretary to the Railway Companies' Association from 1900–1905.
He was appointed assistant general manager of the Midland Railway (MR) in 1905 and became its general manager the following year, on the resignation of John Mathieson.
This was very unusual at that time, when managers almost always rose through the ranks of railway operators. Over the ensuing eight years his organizational skills, and the analytic brain of his appointee as general superintendent, Cecil Paget, effected a revolution in the company's ability to handle its heavy freight traffic expeditiously and profitably. Nonetheless, their 'traffic control' solution resulted in stifling locomotive development within the MR: the departure of Chief Mechanical Engineer R. M. Deely has been attributed to Granet's rejection of his moves to introduce 8-coupled freight locomotives and de Glehn 4-6-0s for express passenger use.
Having impressed parliamentary committees as an expert witness, it was natural that Granet would be called upon by the government during World War I, and he was successively: controller of import restrictions; deputy director of military railways at the War Office; and director-general of movements and railways.
Granet retained his MR appointment until 1918, when he resigned and was given a seat on the company's board. At the grouping in 1923 he became deputy chairman of the new London, Midland and Scottish Railway Company and was its chairman 1924–1927. As at the Midland, his appointee, this time Sir Josiah Stamp as President (chairman and chief executive), was crucial in the modernization of the company's management.
Granet was knighted in 1911 as a Knight Bachelor and created GBE (Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire) in 1923. He died at Burleigh Court, near Stroud, Gloucestershire, two days before his 76th birthday, after some five years of ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="5920195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920195" title="Education outreach">
Education outreach

Education outreach is a variation of Cause Marketing and/or Strategic Philanthropy and other focused Public Affairs activities that are specific to education. These programs may include:
While Cause Marketing or Strategic Philanthropy may focus on any pro-social topic or initiative, Education Outreach focuses chiefly on enhancing and improving education in schools, homes and communities. And like its siblings, an overarching goal (or in some cases merely a side benefit) of Education Outreach is to marry social (educational) benefits with benefits specific to the sponsor of a given Education Outreach campaign/program. Those sponsor benefits include reinforcing brand identity, nurturing community goodwill, and fulfilling other corporation/organizational missions. Often these sponsors are large, publicly traded companies (Fortune 1000), but non-profit organizations, government entities, and trade associations also participate and sponsor Education Outreach programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5920212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920212" title="Heideck">
Heideck

Heideck is a town with full legal town charter in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Metropolitan Area of Nuremberg and at the same time in the Franconian Lake District
History.
Heideck was first mentioned in 1288

</doc>
<doc id="5920223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920223" title="Graham Jessop">
Graham Jessop

Graham Jessop (born 5 June 1957) is a British deep sea diver, and marine archaeologist who has taken part in a number of important expeditions such as the 1999 discovery of the remains of the RMS Carpathia off the coast of Ireland. Jessop subsequently purchased the Carpathia, so as to control access and protect it from private scavengers.
Along with his father, Keith "Goldfinder" Jessop, he recovered the approximately $85,000,000 of gold bullion from the HMS Edinburgh in 1981.
He was born in Yorkshire.
In 2000, RMS Titanic Inc. named Jessop as the recovery manager of the wreck of the Titanic.

</doc>
<doc id="5920227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920227" title="George Skene Duff">
George Skene Duff

George Skene Duff (1814 – 12 March 1889) was a Scottish politician, the son of Sir Alexander Duff.
He served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Elgin Burghs from 1847 to 1857. He was the younger brother of James Duff, 5th Earl Fife, who sat in Parliament at the same time, representing Banffshire. He was Lord Lieutenant of Elginshire from 1856 until 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="5920231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920231" title="Warsaw Railway Station">
Warsaw Railway Station

Warsaw Railway Station can refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="5920232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920232" title="Anne Marie Howard">
Anne Marie Howard

Anne Marie Howard (born March 31, 1960) is an American actress, former spokeswoman for Ditech.com and current spokeswoman for the National Association of Realtors.
The eldest of five children, she was born in San Diego, California at the Balboa Naval Hospital, where her father, Thomas Howard, was a dentist in the U.S. Navy. At the age of two they moved to Ottumwa, Iowa and when she was fourteen the family moved to Davenport, Iowa.
She has appeared in over 100 commercials, including Life Savers, the George Foreman Grill, Quaker Oats, Nexium (currently running), and AARP. Anne's television guest appearances include "Desperate Housewives", "Nip/Tuck", "Monk", "Close to Home", "Las Vegas", "", "Cold Case", "ER", "Judging Amy", "Boston Public", "Another World", "Days of our Lives", "Unfabulous", "Make It or Break It", and "Private Practice". 
Her film appearances include "The Weather Man" with Nicolas Cage, "Prince of Darkness", "Model Behavior", and "You Don't Mess with the Zohan" with Adam Sandler.

</doc>
<doc id="5920233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920233" title="Othello (1995 film)">
Othello (1995 film)

Othello is a 1995 film based on William Shakespeare's tragedy of the same name. It was directed by Oliver Parker and stars Laurence Fishburne as Othello, Irène Jacob as Desdemona, and Kenneth Branagh as Iago. This is the first cinematic reproduction of the play released by a major studio that casts an African American actor to play the role of Othello, although low-budget independent films of the play starring Ted Lange and Yaphet Kotto predated it.
Adaptation.
The film, shot in Italy, follows the story of the play closely, but cuts many lines. In addition it adds scenes not in the play, including a sex scene between Othello and Desdemona, dreams in which Othello imagines Desdemona's supposed affair with Cassio, a scene in which Desdemona dances for Othello, a scene in an infirmary where Roderigo and Cassio are treated for their wounds, and a final scene in which the bodies of those killed are buried at sea.
Reception.
The film was not a financial success, grossing only $2.1 million in the United States on its $11 million budget (however, it had a very limited theater count). It received largely positive reviews, especially for Branagh's Iago. Janet Maslin wrote in the "New York Times" "Mr. Branagh's superb performance, as the man whose Machiavellian scheming guides the story of Othello's downfall, guarantees this film an immediacy that any audience will understand." Branagh was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for his performance, in the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role category.

</doc>
<doc id="5920247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920247" title="Tar Babies">
Tar Babies

Tar Babies was a band from Madison, Wisconsin, that released several albums on SST Records. 
Biography.
The Tar Babies formed in the early 1980s. The original line up was Bucky Pope (guitar), Jeremy Davies (vocals), Robin Davies (bass), and Dan Bitney (drums). Jeremy Davies and Dan Bitney had previously played in the hardcore band Mecht Mensch (where Bitney played guitar and Davies played bass), while Bucky Pope and Robin Davies had been members of the Bloody Mattresses. This line up recorded 1983's "Face The Music" and 1985's "Respect Your Nightmares", both of which were released on their own Bone Air Records and were compiled from sessions produced by Butch Vig and Bob Mould. In 1987, the group recorded "Fried Milk", their first release for SST Records. By this time, Jeremy Davies had left the band and vocals were handled by Bucky, Dan and Robin. 1988's "No Contest" and 1989's "Honey Bubble" showed an increasing funk influence and included Tony Jarvis on saxophone. Robin Davies left the group between the two albums and was replaced by Steve Lewis. The Tar Babies split after "Honey Bubble" but in 1992 Pope, Bitney, and Lewis regrouped with 2nd guitarist Bobby Vienneau released "Death Trip" on the German label Sonic Noise. They split for good afterwards. In the early 2000s, Bucky Pope and Robin Davies reunited under the moniker the Bar Tabbies.

</doc>
<doc id="5920258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920258" title="Application protocol-based intrusion detection system">
Application protocol-based intrusion detection system

An application protocol-based intrusion detection system (APIDS) is an intrusion detection system that focuses its monitoring and analysis on a specific application protocol or protocols in use by the computing system.
Overview.
An APIDS will monitor the dynamic behavior and state of the protocol and will typically consist of a system or agent that would typically sit between a process, or group of servers, monitoring and analyzing the application protocol between two connected devices.
A typical place for an APIDS would be between a web server and the database management system, monitoring the SQL protocol specific to the middleware/business logic as it interacts with the database.
Monitoring dynamic behavior.
At a basic level an APIDS would look for, and enforce, the correct (legal) use of the protocol.
However at a more advanced level the APIDS can learn, be taught or even reduce what is often an infinite protocol set, to an acceptable understanding of the subset of that application protocol that is used by the application being monitored/protected.
Thus, an APIDS, correctly configured, will allow an application to be "fingerprinted", thus should that application be subverted or changed, so will the fingerprint change.

</doc>
<doc id="5920261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920261" title="Handley Page HP.100">
Handley Page HP.100

The Handley Page HP.100 was a tendered submission to build a long-range, high-speed reconnaissance aircraft for the Royal Air Force, able to overfly Soviet territory in the face of anti-aircraft defences, and to supply information for the V bomber force carrying nuclear weapons.
The operational requirement, OR.330, specified an unarmed radar-equipped aircraft capable of cruising in excess of Mach 2, able to reach Mach 3, and having a range of around 5,000 mi (8,050 km). Handley Page, Shorts, Vickers and Avro each supplied designs for consideration. In 1955, the contract was awarded to the Avro 730 and work on the HP.100 stopped with a partial mock-up.
The high speed reconnaissance project, including the Avro 730, was cancelled in 1957.
Specification.
Handley Page's design had a delta wing with canard foreplanes and was powered by 12 small turbojets in a fairing below the leading edge of the wing.

</doc>
<doc id="5920262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920262" title="Flyman">
Flyman

Flyman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5920279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920279" title="Þeyr">
Þeyr

Þeyr () was a renowned Icelandic new wave band from the early 1980s. Shrouded under a veil of mystery, their three-year existence was characterized by a deep interest in ancient wisdom. Þeyr helped bring about the new wave movement in Iceland and became one of the first Icelandic bands to be known abroad.
Origins.
The origins of Þeyr date back to the late 1970s when singer Magnús Guðmundsson, bassist Hilmar Örn Agnarsson and Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson (drums and synthesizer) were playing in a garage band called Fellibylur (Hurricane). The band was expanded with vocalist Elín Reynisdóttir, who at the time was singing at a church choir, guitarist Jóhannes Helgason from a rock band called Piccolo, and drummer Sigtryggur Baldursson from Hattimas. They called themselves Frostrósir (Frostroses) and played rock music and some Icelandic songs at dancehalls in Reykjavík and its surroundings.<br>
After a while they decided to change the band’s name and came up with "Þeyr", which was drawn from a poem by Skuggi and it means "Wind" or "Thaw" in old Icelandic. Interestingly, Þeyr is exactly pronounced as "þeir", which means "they" (male gender).
First release and internal changes.
By 1979, they introduced two of their songs to Svavar Gests, owner of SG-Hljómplötur, who sent them to Sigurður Árnason, a record producer from Tóntækni, the studio of SG-Hljómplötur, and the recording sessions started in January 1980 but were interrupted in February when the band decided to take a long break to come back in September with new wave music. "“There was a concert in Iceland with the group Clash which had a lot of effect on us, specially Magnús. That was the turning point as we started the new wave rock, and the band was taking a roller-coaster in music searching for something out of the ordinary”", says Sigtryggur Baldursson.
The band also recorded other works which were not published, like a song to "Hindin", a poem by Davíð Stefánsson, sung by Elín and Eiríkur Hauksson and with some backing vocals added by Magnús. Svavar Gests was reluctant to publish the record as he did not like the music nor even the cover design, however, his wife persuaded him to release it.
The album, titled "Þagað í Hel", was heavily influenced by progressive rock, disco music and late 1970s pop. The pressing of the vinyl was flawed when it arrived in Iceland, and only about 500 copies were released in December 1980. "Þagað í Hel" has never reissued because a few years later, the masters and other recordings were lost in a fire at Tóntækni, making this record widely unavailable today. The only song to survive from the album was the opening track "En...", which resurfaced later on "Nælur", a compilation album of Icelandic new wave bands released in 1998.
Right after this album, they were joined by guitarist and polytechnic engineer Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson. They played together for a while, but Jóhannes withdrew from the band in order to finish with his aeronautical studies. Elín followed him and withdrew from the music scene to work at Impra.
Guitarist Þorsteinn Magnússon, from the band Eik joined the band and Magnús remained as the lead vocalist.
Starting anew.
As time passed by and thanks to the final line-up, Þeyr developed an experimental rock, punk, heavy metal and pop style with preponderance of guitars and drums. Musical influences spanned over a wide range of seminal artists such as Joy Division, Holger Czukay, The Birthday Party, Killing Joke, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Nina Hagen, David Byrne, Yes, Genesis, Grateful Dead, and John McLaughlin.
On January 28, 1981 Þeyr played at Hótel Saga, a date referred to as "the reincarnation of Þeyr", where free haircuts were offered to the audience during the break. The band started to be acclaimed not only for their stage performances, but also by their accessible and at the same time creative music. The band was strengthened with the management of Guðni Rúnar Agnarsson, who was the host of the radio show "Áfangar", and Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson, who also collaborated with the lyrics, some art works and served as an influential figure whose interest on obscurantism was embodied in the lyrics.
Popularity and success beyond Iceland.
The band’s following release was a 7-inch vinyl called "Life Transmission" (also known as "Útfrymi"), which was released through their own label, Eskvímó in 1981. It contained two songs: the title song, which was the first work they sang in English, and “Heima er Bezt”. Later, they collaborated on the soundtrack to "Brennu-Njálssaga", a film about the Njáls saga which was directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson, toured Iceland and played along with Þursaflokkurinn and Baraflokkurinn in Akureyri. After these concerts, they went back to the recording studio and prepared "Iður til Fóta", a 10-inch vinyl single which contained four tracks.
By December and after 140 hours of recording sessions in studio Hljóðriti, Þeyr released their second album, "Mjötviður Mær", in which songs like "Iss", "Þeir" and "2999" were outstanding examples of their of attempts to create a futuristic pop style with use of voice distortions, keyboards and additional rhythms. The track “Úlfur” stands out due to having a more angry style of singing and “Rúdolf”, an antifascist rock song, became into one of the most popular songs. This album received good reviews by the critics who said it fulfilled the expectations.
""When speaking about the LP, it's perhaps more correct to talk about 'state of mind'. These recordings are the product, or rather the preservation of the feelings and mental state of mind of the band for the last few months. And what months! We've verified that asceticism does indeed enrich the spirit, and the spirit is being recorded on a steel-thread which in turn will be put into vinyl which will be released as Þeyr's second LP in the middle of next month, God and a certain somebody in that company willing.”" (Þeyr in an interview with "Þjóðviljinn" on October 11, 1981).
By 1982, singer and keyboardist Jaz Coleman from Killing Joke had visited Iceland many times, and become an acquaintance of Þeyr. This resulted in an opportunity for the Icelandic band to travel to London in November where they were offered a support slot with The Cure on a six-month tour. However, Þeyr felt that they were not yet ready, and returned to Iceland to sign a record deal with label Shout instead. In the Spring of 1982, "As Above..." was released. The album contains mixed versions of previous songs, as well as the new song "Killer Boogie" and “Rúdolf”, which was misinterpreted and lead to accusations of nazism. After this, Þeyr went on with a series of gigs throughout Scandinavia and were featured on Friðriksson’s documentary "Rokk í Reykjavík", performing two songs: “Killer Boogie” and “Rúdolf”, along many important bands like Purrkur Pillnikk and Tappi Tíkarrass among others.
Jaz Coleman decided to move to Iceland with guitarist Kenneth 'Geordie' Walker, with the ambition of resurrecting the Icelandic rock scene. While there, Coleman and Þeyr, with the exception of Magnússon, formed a new band originally called "Iceland", but later named Niceland by Guðlaugur Óttarsson. After rehearsing for weeks Niceland was ready to record 5 songs in Hljóðriti in 1983, but two of them were never finished; the three songs recorded were: “Guess Again”, “Catalyst” and “Take What’s Mine”. But as Þeyr decided to write their own songs, Jaz moved away and joined guitarist Árni Kristjánsson and drummer Þórarinn Kristjánsson from the band Vonbrigði for a while, before returning to England to reestablish Killing Joke. The songs recorded by Niceland remain unpublished.
Magnússon returned to Þeyr, and the band toured Scandinavia. By this point, Guðni and Hilmar decided to leave the band’s management, and were replaced by Guðmundur Sigurfreyr Jónason. With the tour, the band gained more popularity and even managed to appear on radio and television in Denmark, they also went to a studio and recorded a few songs which were released on the 12-inch EP "The Fourth Reich", in memory of Wilhelm Reich whose books had been banned by the Nazi regime. The image cover was alleged Nazi incitation because it depicted Wilhelm Reich wearing a Nazi-styled armband and the British label Shout was obligated to change the cover. However, it should be said, that the armband shown on the cover contained the symbol of the orgone physics, which represented duality and its origins in unity, referred by Reich as functionalism. On "The Fourth Reich" the use of percussions and rhythmical efforts were far more important than in earlier works. In this respect, the song “Zen” was particularly important due to its marked rock style, but the album did not have the impact of earlier works because the music was less accessible. The Icelandic version of this EP was released by label Mjöt, which had been created by Magnús.
The band began to fall apart when Þorsteinn Magnússon left. He released a solo album "Líf" in 1982, under the name Stanya. The remaining four members continued playing together, however the band broke-up in June 1983. Soon after, a small EP was released through label Gramm, with the title "Lunaire", which featured the title song as well as two other tracks recorded in Copenhagen. In 1992, Þeyr albums were about to be reissued by Smekkleysa, but the negotiations were abandoned. However, a CD titled "Mjötviður til Fóta" was released in 2001. This compilation featured tracks taken from "Mjötviður Mær" and "Iður til Fóta" and is currently the only CD released by Þeyr.<br>
Þeyr’s earlier releases have never been reissued since the masters are lost. Their original records have become into rare collectors items, all of them currently out of public reach.
Þeyr thinking: in search of absolute truth.
Þeyr wanted to cause a change on the Icelandic society and their means varied from straight messages to subliminal persuasion. The band worked with Zeitgeist to bring about those changes and several tools were employed, including experiments from guitar strings made to vibrate in the "atmosphere of Jupiter" to recording studios underwater. Guitarist Guðlaugur created all sort of devices aimed to affect the audience in a wide range of forms.<br>
The "Scriabin" was one of them. It was named after Russian composer Alexander Scriabin. The music was used as organized sound. The "Scriabin" was programmed with a 13-note chord (some of them microtonal, for example, out of the ordinary 12-tone scale) and this chord could be displaced either above or below the range of human perception. The instrument would sound at an ultrasonic level before each concert, thus creating a subtle unity among the audience. A later Shout Records press release calls the Scriabin "The Fourier". It sums up:
"If there is any word which might serve as a key to the philosophical and practical aims of Þeyr it is "symmetry". They combine their belief in an inherent structure behind the manifestation of matter with intense experimental fervour that aims at unravelling at least a few practical applications of this "divine proportion" that determines the extent and amplitude of our aesthetic experience [...] The second study deals with the harmonic build up of music, and this has led to a study of the Russian composer Alexander Scriabin (1872-1915) whose work aimed at breaking up all classical rules of harmonic composition and ultimately at the founding of a new music that would escape the straitjacket of the 12-tone scale [...] He further sought to unite sensations such as smell, sight and hearing into one, and some of his later works were interpreted in colour as well as sound. This fascinating study is being pursued by Þeyr whose concerts have been known to reek of exotic incense and to be lighted by a certain blending of root colours. Ultimately these things will be married under the one heading which forms their third study, FOURIER. The Fourier as they jokingly refer to it is basically a machine that is being worked upon by one of the bands members who has a background in theoretical mathematics, physics and electrical engineering. However it has through time of construction (several proto-types of its main parts have already been constructed and some already discarded in favour of new ideas currently being worked on) come to represent an entirely new approach to the basic laws which underlie natural structures as ranging from the formation of crystals to harmonic scales that can be worked out of logarythmic spirals, these building in the scales 12. 17, 31, 55...n. making use of the basic laws and axioms supplied by the French mathematician and physicist J. B. Fourier. He has come up with a machine that makes use of the newest advances in computer technology but is controlled through a simple set of symbols which are ultimately part of the Fourier philosophy (as they jokingly refer to it) that is slowly but steadily being constructed by the band. The future user of the Fourier will need and extensive background in the writings of such diverse personalities as R. Buckminster Fuller, Giordano Bruno, the alchemical writings of Newton, not to mention Nyquist, Walsh and others which have worked upon the mathematics of music." See also under "Life Transmission" for their earlier explanation.
Their philosophy was transmitted through both tonal and verbal means, whose basis was obscure to those who were not familiar with this band. Þeyr considered themselves as a “state within the state”, a position considered elitist as it excluded those who did not lend their ears and minds to what Þeyr had to say and play.
"“We were very keen on all kinds of conspiracy theories and tales of lost knowledge and lost worlds. We were certain that some awful truth was laying hidden somewhere; that we were being brainwashed by the state, schools and church”" says Guðlaugur Óttarsson. The band held interest into ancient Norse wisdom, as well as alchemy, paganism, magic, Ancient Egypt, the secret society of the Illuminati, the Pythagorean School and the Galilean/Newtonian thinking complemented with the present era of Einstein/Heisenberg. But the press release quotes: 
"No sooner has their audience built up a definition (and following that, certain expectations) of Þeyr, when the band turns into the least expected direction and does something totally out of tune with their former work. It is only when their work is being observed over longer periods of time when the harmony behind their work begins to emerge: for instance Þeyr has always been a thorn in the eye of the Icelandic audience who wants to be able to define their groups as being political or apolitical, or serious (i.e. showing some social responsibility dealing with everything from "save the whales" to drinking problems) or just totally irresponsible (i.e. showing only affection for transient pleasures of life such as whaling, money...or how to spend that money). On their first Icelandic album they defined their standpoint as being totally removed from arbitrary directive concepts such as left/right, East/West, up/down."
Þeyr bolstered a stance against fascism and performed along various antifascist groups in the United Kingdom like Crass and The Fall.
"They only take a stand against a thing if it involves a restriction of any sort and seen from that point the view the majority of their lyrics can be seen as dealing with fascism of every conceivable sort [...] Homo-Gestalt is a tongue-in-cheek handling of the newly emerging Neuro-Fascism, Techno-Logos deals with God as he appears in the Microchip-Cosmos, Rudolf deals with Political Fascism where diverse elements are united through a common object of hate etc..."
The funds gathered by the band were intended to finance the scientific projects of Guðlaugur, who has worked not only as a polytechnic engineer but as an inventor and as a mathematics expert.
After the break-up.
Magnús Guðmundsson continued running his record label Mjöt and later he started the band Með Nöktum (With the Naked), which released an album titled "Skemmtun" in 1985. He collaborated on "Hjálpum Þeim", a charity album recorded in 1986 to fight child poverty in Africa and withdrew from the music scene until late 2005 when he collaborated on Guðlaugur’s solo album. Magnús has also worked for an insurance company and has been raising Icelandic ponies. He currently works for the insurance division of Landsbankinn (the National Bank).
Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson and Sigtryggur Baldursson joined singer Björk Guðmundsdóttir from Tappi Tíkarrass, trumpet player and vocalist Einar Örn Benediktsson from Purrkur Pillnikk, keyboardist Einar Arnaldur Melax from Medúsa and bassist Birgir Mogensen from Spilafífl and dived into gothic rock with the band KUKL in August 1983.<br>
After KUKL, Sigtryggur followed up with The Sugarcubes achieving big success abroad. Other music projects followed such as Bogomil Font, and by 1993 he moved with his wife to Madison, Wisconsin, where he collaborated with some local bands and from Chicago, set up a sublabel for Bad Taste, called Bad Taste USA, created his own drum session studio called The Slaughterhouse and recorded a few sampler discs at Laughing Cat and Æthen and Butch Vig's Smart studios. He collaborated with Jóhann Jóhannsson and released an album called "Dip", then with Emilíana Torrini on her album "Love in the Time of Science". He also played in Grindverk with Einar Örn and Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson, and more recently in a duet called Steintryggur with Steingrímur Guðmundsson.<br>
Sigtryggur has also written articles for the radiostation Bylgjan, and newspapers "Mannlif", "Morgunblaðið", "Vísir" and "Bleikt og Blátt".
Guðlaugur and Björk also worked together in a parallel project to KUKL known as The Elgar Sisters. Guðlaugur currently works as a session player and has as well released a few albums as a solo player, like "Dense Time" in 2005. His scientific activities have also taken an important part of his life, with theoretical research on subatomic particles, several inventions and the creation of Varmaraf, a thermoelectric company.
After leaving Þeyr, Þorsteinn Magnússon’s attention was fixed on his solo project Stanya, which evolved into a band playing along with Haraldur Þorsteinsson, Ásgeir Óskarsson, Birgir Baldursson, Hjörtur Howser, and Kjartan Valdimarsson. He worked with different bands like Með Nöktum, Upplyfting, Frakkarnir, and Bubbi & MX-21, among others. He is currently playing in his band Stanya, and works as a session player.
Hilmar Örn Agnarsson went to Germany to study music and church organ, and he is currently working as an organist at the Cathedral of Skálholt, as a music teacher and as a choir conductor.
Reunion.
After almost 23 years, the five-member band was reunited on April 15, 2006, at the Cathedral of Skálholt to play thirteen psalms taken from "Passíusálmar", a fifty-psalm poetry work by Hallgrímur Pétursson. The band was joined by singer Megas, who had composed the music for the psalms back in 1973, a choir, guitarist and engineer Guðmundur Pétursson, and eleven other instrumentalists.
Performances.
Þeyr had hundreds of gigs throughout Iceland and abroad. Here is a list with some of the known gigs and tours.
Discography.
Albums:
Singles/EPs:
Unpublished material - Niceland:
Featuring:
Films:
Video clip:
External links.
Downloads:

</doc>
<doc id="5920287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920287" title="Wissinoming, Philadelphia">
Wissinoming, Philadelphia

Wissinoming is a neighborhood in the Near Northeast section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the site of locomotive builder Matthias Baldwin's estate "Wissinoming", which was located near State and Van Kirk Streets. The current Wissinoming is bordered by Mayfair and Tacony on the north, Bridesburg on the south, I-95 and the Delaware River on the east, and Frankford on the west. Wissinoming has three zipcodes 19124, 19135 & 19137. Physical boundaries are: Levick Street on the north, Cheltenham on the south, I-95 and the Delaware River on the east, and Frankford Avenue on the west. Its borders with Frankford and Bridesburg are often disputed, with some pushing the southern boundary further to either Sanger Street or Bridge Street.
Wissinoming has three public elementary schools: James J. Sullivan Elementary School, (located on Ditman Street and Sanger Street) and Henry W. Lawton Elementary School. (located on Ditman Street and Benner Street) and Mastery Charter School (Smedley), located on Bridge Street. The border of the two schools (Sullivan and Lawton) that decides which school a child attends is Howell Street. Anyone who lives on the west side of Howell Street attends Sullivan, while anyone who lives on the east attends Lawton.
Wissinoming's neighborhood middle school is Harding Middle School located on Torresdale Avenue in the Frankford section of Philadelphia.
Frankford High School is Wissinoming's neighborhood high school, located on Oxford Avenue and Wakeling Street.
Wissinoming has two playgrounds: Moss Playground (home of the Moss Eagles and located on Torresdale Avenue and Cheltenham Avenue) and American Legion (also known as Devereaux by natives of the neighborhood since it is located on Torresdale Avenue and Devereaux Street).
Wissinoming is widely known for its large park, Wissinoming Park. With entrances at Charles Street and Comly Street, Charles Street and Cheltenham Avenue, and Frankford Avenue and Comly Street.
Philadelphia's 15th Police District (located roughly at Levick Street and Harbison Avenue) covers Wissinoming.

</doc>
<doc id="5920289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920289" title="Teresita Abundo">
Teresita Abundo

Teresita Dominguez "Tisha" Abundo (born July 12, 1949) is a Philippine educator and athlete who served as Philippine Sports Commissioner from 1998 to 2001.
Early life and education.
Teresita Dominguez "Tisha" Abundo was born to Antonio Dominguez and Leonor Patrick in Manila. Abundo attended the University of the East on a varsity scholarship where she obtained her Bachelor of Science in Education, with a major in Physical Education and minor in English.
Abundo was the youngest Filipina to become a member of the national volleyball team when, at age 17, she wore the colors of the country in the 1966 Asian Games in Bangkok. Four years later, she represented the Philippines in the 1970 Asian Games, also in Bangkok. She played in the World University Games (Universiade) in Tokyo in 1967 and the Asian Zonal Volleyball Championships in Manila in 1974. She won a Philippine Presidential Award in 1969 as the “Most Outstanding Female National Volleyball Player”.
Career.
In 1972 Abundo began teaching at University of the East. 
In 1990, she was appointed Director of Physical Education at the Philippine School of Business Administration (PSBA).
Modeling career.
Abundo was a member of Karilagan Arts International and was named their signature model in 1974. She modeled for fashion designers Ben Farrales and Pitoy Moreno. She was a member of the cultural and trade missions organized by the Department of Tourism that traveled to 11 states in the U.S., Berlin, Melbourne, Guam, Hong Kong and Tokyo in the 1970s.
Sports advocacy.
Abundo founded the National Capital Region Athletic Association (NCRAA), consisting of 19 educational institutions. She also served as the founding president of the first national athletic organization for Philippine tertiary level sports, the Federation of Higher Education Sports Association (FHESA).
Philippine Sports Commissioner.
Abundo was appointed Philippine Sports Commissioner in 1998. In the position, she organized the Philippines' first "Palarong Kababaihan" (Women's Games) as part of the celebration of the International Day for Women in 2000. She laid down the foundation of the Philippine Sports Talent Identification Program (PSTIP), the Philippines' first attempt to include scientific parameters in the identification and selection of sports potentials. Abundo represented the country at the International Olympic Academy in Athens in 1999, where she delivered a paper on "Women, Sports and Development: Towards Empowerment and Equity in the Philippines." 

</doc>
<doc id="5920291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920291" title="Heimsheim">
Heimsheim

Heimsheim is a town in the Enz district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 16 km southeast of Pforzheim, and 24 km west of Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="5920298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920298" title="Seagoville High School">
Seagoville High School

Seagoville High School is a public secondary school located in Dallas, Texas, United States, northwest of the city of Seagoville. Seagoville High School enrolls students in grades 9-12 and is a part of the Dallas Independent School District.
Seagoville High School serves the DISD portion of the city of Seagoville, as well as small parts of Dallas (including Kleberg) and the DISD portion of the city of Combine. The community of Wright Farms, located in Dallas, is assigned to Seagoville High School.
History.
In 2008 a series of fights at the school lead the school to declare a lockdown. Afterwards a group of parents expressed fears for the safety of their children to the media.
School uniforms.
Starting in the 2005-2006 school year, Seagoville High School requires all students to wear school uniforms.
The Texas Education Agency specified that the parents and/or guardians of students zoned to a school with uniforms may apply for a waiver to opt out of the uniform policy so their children do not have to wear the uniform [http://www.tea.state.tx.us/field/uniforms.html]; parents must specify "bona fide" reasons, such as religious reasons or philosophical objections.
In September 2008 the high school made national news after the school required Tabitha Ruiz, a student, to remove a rosary given to her by her mother on the grounds that it was a "gang symbol."
Feeder patterns.
As of 2013, elementary schools feeding into Seagoville include Kleberg and Ebby Halliday in Dallas and Central, Seagoville, and Seagoville North in Seagoville. Seagoville Middle School is the only middle school that feeds into Seagoville High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5920301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920301" title="Thomas Hetherington">
Thomas Hetherington

Major Sir Thomas Chalmers Hetherington, KCB, CBE, QC, TD (18 September 1926 – 28 March 2007), better known as Sir Tony Hetherington, was a British barrister. He was Director of Public Prosecutions of England and Wales from 1977 to 1987, and was the first head of the Crown Prosecution Service for the year after it was founded in 1986.
Early life and education.
Hetherington was born in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. His father was a doctor. After being educated at Rugby School, he served for three years in the Royal Artillery in the Middle East. He continued to serve in the Territorial Army until 1967, rising to the rank of major. He read law at Christ Church, Oxford, graduating in 1951, and was called to the Bar in 1952 at the Inner Temple. 
Career.
He joined the government legal service, in the legal department of the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance. He became part of the legal team supporting the Attorney-General and the Solicitor General in 1962. He was head of the permanent legal staff of the Law Officers from 1966 to 1976. He was appointed CBE in 1970, and became Deputy Treasury Solicitor in 1975. 
The Home Secretary Merlyn Rees appointed him Director of Public Prosecutions on the retirement of Sir Norman Skelhorn in 1977, with a brief to reduce delays in the criminal legal system. Soon after taking office, he took the decision to prosecute Jeremy Thorpe, who was acquitted of plotting the murder of his former homosexual lover. Hetherington became a QC and a bencher of Inner Temple in 1978, and he was appointed KCB in 1979.
The later years of his service were dominated by wide-ranging changes to the criminal legal system in the UK. A perceived miscarriage of justice after the murder of male prostitute Maxwell Confait, and a subsequent critical report by the retired High Court judge Sir Henry Fisher in 1977, led to a Royal Commission on Criminal Procedure chaired by Sir Cyril Philips, which reported in 1981. The Royal Commission recommended changes to the investigation and prosecution of criminal offences, and that the decision to prosecute should be taken out of the hands of the police and given to an independent body in charge of Crown prosecutions. The government accepted the report. After consultation, the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) was enacted to formalise the existing Judges Rules, and the Crown Prosecution Service was created in 1986 under the terms of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985, with Hetherington as its first head until he retired in 1987.
Retirement.
In 1989, shortly after his retirement, he co-wrote the Hetherington-Chalmers Report with former Scottish Crown agent William Chalmers, which examined ways to prosecute suspected war criminals living in Britain for "crimes of murder, manslaughter or genocide committed in Germany and in territories occupied by German forces during the Second World War," over which British courts did not then have jurisdiction. The report followed a 15-month inquiry in which allegations against 301 suspects were investigated. The report's recommendations led two years later to the War Crimes Act 1991, which was passed over objections of the House of Lords using the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949.
He suffered from a degenerative neurological illness in later life. He was survived by his wife, the former June Catliff, whom he married in 1953, and their four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5920338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920338" title="Atomistix">
Atomistix

Atomistix A/S was a software company developing tools for atomic scale modelling. It was headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, with a subsidiary for Asia Pacific in Singapore and for the Americas in California. In September 2008 Atomistix A/S went bankrupt, but in December 2008 the newly founded company QuantumWise announced that they had acquired all assets from the Atomistix estate and would continue the development and marketing of the products Atomistix ToolKit and Atomistix Virtual NanoLab.
History.
The company was founded in October 2003 by Dr. Kurt Stokbro, Dr. Jeremy Taylor and Dr. Thomas Magnussen. Dr. Stokbro and Dr. Taylor are co-authors on the article introducing the electron transport method and program TranSIESTA (based on the SIESTA program [2) for academic research. This method, and methods used in Dr. Taylor Ph.D. research, was the starting point for Atomistix first product, TranSIESTA-C. The C refers to the program being written in the C programming language as opposed to Fortran in which TranSIESTA was written. This code had been completely reengineered and further developed into the commercial products marketed by the company today.
Since the very beginning the company had been working in close collaboration with the Nano-Science Center at the Niels Bohr Institute of Copenhagen University, to enhance the product development, and had instituted cooperations with leading nanotechnology centers, experts and private companies around the world.
Business.
The management team consisted of:
Products.
Atomistix A/S provided the following products:
Legacy Products:
These products represented a package of integrated software modules for quantum chemistry modelling, providing a user-friendly graphical interface interaction to complex computational methods.
From the usability point of view, the setup of the computation is done through Atomistix Virtual NanoLab, a metaphoric interface, mimicking "in silico" the approach of an experiment in a real laboratory. The underlying computational engine is the Atomistix ToolKit (ATK) which is the next generation of TranSIESTA-C. ATK also has a Python based interface NanoLanguage and a text file interface.
The methods used in the software products are based primarily on density functional theory (DFT) and non-equilibrium Green's function (NEGF) techniques and also all the underlying quantum mechanics.

</doc>
