<doc id="5940665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940665" title="John Doheny">
John Doheny

John Steven "Pip" Doheny (born December 17, 1953), is a jazz tenor saxophonist and band leader, who also plays flute, clarinet, and alto saxophone.
Born in Seattle, Washington, Doheny studied with prominent Canadian saxophonist and bandleader Fraser MacPherson, whom he credits as a major influence. He spent his early career in the 1970s primarily in Vancouver, Canada, playing in local rhythm and blues bands and strip clubs, as well as spending large parts of each year on exhaustive road trips to taverns throughout rural British Columbia and Alberta. By the late 1970s and into the mid 1980s he was appearing as a sideman with artists such as Albert Collins, Doug and the Slugs, the Coasters, the Platters, the Temptations, and Buddy Knox. In the late 1980s he relocated to Toronto, Canada, and then New York City, working with the bands of Lloyd Williams, Solomon Burke, Danny B, and Kenny Margolis. The 1990s saw Doheny doing extensive touring and studio work, both with jazz ensembles and pop groups, including Bell Biv Devoe.
He released his first CD as a leader One Up, Two Back in 2002, featuring his band the John Doheny Quintet, and vocalist Colleen Savage. In 2003 he relocated to New Orleans to pursue a masters degree in jazz history at Tulane University.
Doheny is noted as a colorful raconteur (no small accomplishment in a city like New Orleans). A 2002 interview with him can be found here, courtesy of smoothjazz.com, which includes an explanation of how he came to acquire the middle name "Pip", and an account of his early days as a struggling musician.
Doheny is also a self-made jazz historian. He has written articles on Jelly Roll Morton, and also achieved notoriety for transcribing the music of Charles Mingus from audio form into written musical scores. Having transcribed the music of Mingus, he adapted the scores to a series of performances entitled 'Mingus Mania,' parts of which appeared on the Bravo television network in the early 1990s as musical interludes. Doheny also composed and performed source music for the soundtrack for the 1998 Bruce Sweeney film Dirty, as well as appearing with his band in the 1997 Brian Dennehy TV movie A Father's Betrayal.
He is now a resident of New Orleans, Louisiana. While many New Orleans residents were displaced by Hurricane Katrina, Doheny was one of the first to return after the flood waters subsided, and was one of the most enthusiastic and vocal advocates for the rebuilding of New Orleans to its original form, history, and traditions.
Discography.
As leader.
The Real Cool Killers: Parades and Saints-Independent − 2010
John Doheny presents The Professors of Pleasure, Volume Two-Independent − 2010
John Doheny and The Professors of Pleasure: Tulane University Faculty Quintet − Independent 2007
One Up, Two Back - JDQ Records CD618551 − 2002
Appears on the following recordings.
Original compositions, "If I Only Had A Brain" and "Uncle Jim's Blues", to the soundtrack of the 1998 Bruce Sweeney film "Dirty"

</doc>
<doc id="5940667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940667" title="New Talent Singing Awards">
New Talent Singing Awards

History.
Beginning (1982-1992).
Held in Hong Kong only, contestants are required to compete through multiple rounds to display their vocal talent through different genres of songs and/or vocal challenges such as singing cappellas or in a different language etc. The winner is guaranteed a recording contract with Capital Artists Recording Company.
Overseas Addition (1993-1996).
With increased Hong Kong Chinese emigrated to North America, TVB opened "Overseas Contestant" category to attract contestants and held the contest in cities such as Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
International Affair (1997-2004).
With the emergence of several Australian, European and Asian cities like Melbourne, London, Amsterdam and Shanghai wanting to be included in the event, in 1997, TVB Hong Kong created the New Talent Singing Awards International Finals 全球華人新秀歌唱大賽. Instead of having one "overseas contestant" from North America competing in the NTSA Finals ( now renamed the New Talent Singing Awards Hong Kong Regional Finals 全球華人新秀歌唱大賽香港區選拔賽 ), now each participating country would send regional representatives to compete in the NTSA International Finals ( much like an international beauty pageant would ). Also, due to the downsizing of Capital Artist, Emperor Entertainment Group took over organizing the contest with TVB.
EEG & Mandarin Dominance (2005-present).
The international finals and the Hong Kong regional finals changed their names and logos once again in 2005. Because of the heavy influence of co-organizer Emperor Entertainment Group (EEG), the Hong Kong regional finals is now simply called EEG Singing Contest 英皇新秀歌唱大賽, completely discarding the "New Talent" part of the English title . As for the International Finals, since TVB has decided to move the contest to its mandarin channel, TVB8, the international finals changed its name into TVB8 International Chinese New Talent Singing Championship TVB8全球華人新秀歌唱大賽. Because of the move, there has been many more contestants representing different regions of Mainland China since 2005. In 2006, spots for several "Internet Region Representatives" are devoted solely to Mainland Chinese contestants who does not live in an area where a NTSA Regional contest is held.
Starting in 2009, TVB has stopped organizing EEG Singing Contest and instead has its new reality-show style singing competition, The Voice 超級巨聲 select Hong Kong's representative for the International Finals. Because the 2009 NTSA International Finals was held during the run of season one of The Voice, the show selected the contestant with the highest average score thus far, Hong Kin Chan to represent Hong Kong. However, a day before the International Finals he pulled out due to sickness, marking it the first time Hong Kong was not represented in the history of the competition.
Past Winners and Notable Contestants.
NTSA has been the start of many Asian celebrities today. Some have stayed in the music business and have become bonafide singing sensations, while some have become actors and even TV presenters. Below is a list of winners as well as past contestants who have made a contribution to the entertainment business after competing in NTSA.

</doc>
<doc id="5940680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940680" title="Alpinist Unit">
Alpinist Unit

The Alpinist Unit is a special Israeli Defence Force infantry reserve unit, under the command of the Israeli Northern Command, specializing in mountain warfare, snow warfare and difficult terrain warfare in the northern front, especially Mt. Hermon.
The Alpinists are proficient in many aspects of snow warfare, among them shooting and attacking while sliding on skis and custom-made Snowcats, defensive tactics, and more. The unit was established in 1983.
Their standard equipment includes M4 Carbine assault rifles, the new Israeli TAR-21 Tavor assault rifle, "Negev" light machine gun and sniper rifles, mostly M24 and SR-25.

</doc>
<doc id="5940700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940700" title="Brian Scudamore">
Brian Scudamore

Brian Scudamore (born March 16, 1970) is a Canadian/American serial entrepreneur, best known as the Founder and CEO of international junk removal franchise 1-800-GOT-JUNK?.
Early life and education.
Brian Scudamore was born March 16, 1970 in San Francisco. In high school, Scudamore struggled with reading difficulties and had trouble completing a grade 12 math class. When he failed the exam, he decided to drop out rather than retake the class. He convinced Concordia University’s admissions department that he would be a good fit for their business program, and they accepted him. Scudamore would leave Concordia two years later to attend the University of British Columbia and be geographically closer to his business. His father, a liver transplant surgeon, was initially disappointed when Scudamore dropped out of university in 1993 to focus on The Rubbish Boys full time.
Career.
The Rubbish Boys.
In 1989, Scudamore was waiting in line at a McDonald's drive-thru when he noticed a gritty pickup truck advertising a junk removal service. Scudamore, thinking he could haul junk to pay for college, invested his entire savings of $700 into a truck of his own and started his own business. Calling it The Rubbish Boys (tagline: “We’ll stash your trash in a flash!” ), he would go door-to-door and patrol alleyways for junk that the city wouldn't take. The business took off more quickly than he’d expected, often requiring Scudamore to duck out of class to take calls. Because he felt he was learning more about business through his business rather than going to school, he dropped out to focus on the company.
The Rubbish Boys hit $1 Million in revenue in 1997, but Scudamore realized that the team of employees he’d hired didn't share his vision for the company, and let the whole group go. Adopting the motto ‘It’s All About People’, he began to hire staff who shared his goals and vision.
Sitting on the dock at his parents’ cabin the following year, he wrote down what his business would look, feel, and act like five years in the future, calling it the ‘Painted Picture’: a goal-setting technique he still applies at the company today.
1-800-GOT-JUNK?
Scudamore decided that if he was going to professionalize a fragmented industry, the company needed a name that was catchy and easy to remember. He settled on ‘1-800-GOT-JUNK?’, but the number was already owned by the Idaho Department of Transportation. Scudamore persisted and they eventually released it to him at no cost.
Franchising and growth.
Scudamore wanted to see his business grow, but declined to seek or accept offers of external funding so he could continue to move forward with his vision. Even after being advised that his company and industry could not be franchised, he decided to test the markets by launching operations in Victoria, British Columbia and Seattle. After seeing success, Scudamore entrusted his good friend Paul Guy to open the first 1-800-GOT-JUNK? franchise in Toronto in 1999, which is still the largest and most profitable location today. The first US franchise opened in Portland, Oregon the following year, opening the door to 100 franchises throughout North America by 2004, and expanding into Australia in 2005.
Brian Scudamore was quoted on 10 million Starbucks cups as part of their ‘As I See It’ program.
WOW 1 DAY Painting.
When Scudamore was looking for a company to paint his house, he saw an ad from a company claiming to paint an entire house in a day. Skeptical but curious, Scudamore decided to hire One Day Painting. He was so surprised and pleased with the results that he decided to approach the previous owner about franchising the company. Scudamore bought the majority stake and set out to apply the same principles and infrastructure of 1-800-GOT-JUNK? to another customer-focused, service-based business, which became WOW 1 DAY Painting (he'd initially renamed it 1-888-WOW1DAY! Painting).
Scudamore launched the first franchise in Vancouver in late 2010, followed by the first US franchise in Seattle. There are now 20 franchise partners across North America.
WOW 1 DAY Painting has been featured prominently in national media, from CNBC’s Power Pitch to Undercover Boss Canada.
You Move Me.
Another personal experience led Scudamore to consider another home service business. Following a poor experience moving house, Scudamore thought the moving industry could use a facelift and would benefit from the customer service focus that was working for 1-800-GOT-JUNK? and WOW 1 DAY Painting. Scudamore collaborated with a team of 1-800-GOT-JUNK? executives and franchise partners to launch a new local moving company called You Move Me. To ensure quality from the get-go, the launch team elected to offer the first 25 You Move Me franchises to top-performing 1-800-GOT-JUNK? franchisees. The majority of the franchises opened at one time.
Awards and recognition.
Scudamore has received widespread recognition in the media and business community. In 2004, Scudamore was inducted into the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO) and served as a board member for the Young Entrepreneurs’ Organization (YEO). Three years later, the International Franchise Association named Brian Scudamore ‘Entrepreneur of the Year’. He became a CEO Hall of Fame Lifetime Achievement Inductee with the Collegiate Entrepreneurs' Organization in 2012. Other accolades include Fortune Small Business’ Best Bosses Award, Globe & Mail’s Top 40 under 40, and three ‘Best Company To Work For’ awards.
As a public speaker, Scudamore has brought his entrepreneurial success story to many conference stages, including the Fortune Small Business Magazine’s national conference. A strong believer in personal and professional development, Scudamore graduated from MIT's four-year Birthing of Giants program, and has subsequently completed several years of MIT’s BOG’s alumni program, Gathering of Titans. He is also a participant in a nine-year executive education program at Harvard University through YPO Presidents’ University.
Scudamore and his companies have appeared on Undercover Boss Canada, CNN, and ABC Nightline, as well as in Fortune Magazine, Businessweek, the New York Times, and the Wall Street Journal. Harvard Business School featured 1-800-GOT-JUNK? in a case study, and the company was a prominent fixture on popular A&E docudrama, Hoarders. Employees came together to raise money for charity on Canada Sings.
In addition to interviews and guest appearances, Scudamore contributes written articles on building a business and entrepreneurism to national magazines, including a regular column in PROFIT Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="5940706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940706" title="Sharon Horgan">
Sharon Horgan

Sharon Horgan (born 4 April 1970) is an English-born Irish actress, writer and comedian. She is best known for her work on the television series "Pulling" that she both co-wrote and starred in, and which garnered a BAFTA nomination for best sitcom and a Best Actress win for Horgan herself at the British Comedy Awards.
Early life.
Horgan was born in Hackney, London and moved to Dublin at age seven. She grew up in Bellewstown, County Meath, Ireland. She went to school in the Sacred Heart Secondary School in Drogheda. Later, she took an English degree at Brunel University. 
Career.
Horgan began her comedy career when she jointly won the BBC New Comedy award for sketch-writing in 2001 with her writing partner Dennis Kelly. 
She has written and appeared in shows such as "The Pilot Show" and the first series of "The Friday Night Project"  while her acting credits include "Absolute Power", "Broken News" and "Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive". 
She appeared in the feature film "Imagine Me & You" and provided a voice in the animated film "Valiant". 
She has written for many comedy shows, including the acclaimed animated sketch show "Monkey Dust". Horgan's own BBC comedy show, "Pulling", which she co-wrote with Dennis Kelly, was first broadcast in 2006 and was nominated for the BAFTA for Best Sitcom. "Angelo's", a six-part sitcom written by and starring Horgan, was broadcast on Five in late 2007. The second series of "Pulling" aired on BBC Three in March 2008 with Horgan's performance winning the award for Best Television Comedy Actress at the British Comedy Awards on 6 December 2008. 
She starred in Channel 4's "Free Agents"originally a pilot for "Comedy Showcase" in 2007and then a six-episode series in 2009. On 25 February 2010, Horgan appeared on BBC Four comedy panel show "We Need Answers" and on the Channel 4 panel show "You Have Been Watching" on 22 April 2010. On 30 May 2010, she appeared on the BBC 6 Music radio show "Adam's Big Mix Tape". In October 2010, she appeared in the US/UK comedy "The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret". Horgan hosted the comedy news quiz "Have I Got News for You" on 3 June 2011.
Horgan also co-wrote and stars in "Dead Boss", a British sitcom set in Broadmarsh Prison and also starring Jennifer Saunders. The first episode of this 6-part BBC series aired on the 14 June 2012. She made her directorial debut in an episode of Sky1's "Little Crackers" first broadcast on 20 December 2012.
Personal life.
As of 2007, Horgan lives in her birthplace of Hackney, London, and is married to Jeremy Rainbird, CEO of advertising agency Addiction Worldwide. They have two daughters: Sadhbh (born January 2004 Sive, rhymes with Clive) and Amer (born June 2008). 
She is one of five siblings. Her younger brother Shane Horgan is an Irish international rugby player.

</doc>
<doc id="5940731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940731" title="Queen Alexandra Elementary School">
Queen Alexandra Elementary School

Queen Alexandra Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1909 and was named for Queen Alexandra, wife of King Edward VII.
It is located at 1300 East Broadway, at the intersection with Clark Drive. It is near Vancouver Community College's King Edward campus, and is easily accessible from VCC–Clark Station on the SkyTrain. , the current school principal is Catherine Feniak.

</doc>
<doc id="5940762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940762" title="Navigators (cycling team)">
Navigators (cycling team)

Navigators Insurance Cycling Team ("UCI Code:" NIC) was an elite road bicycle racing cycling team in the United States. Navigators focuses on USA Cycling and UCI America Tour events. The team has competed in every Tour de Georgia.
Navigators finished third team on the 2005-2006 UCI America Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5940763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940763" title="Baltimore Jewish Times">
Baltimore Jewish Times

The Baltimore Jewish Times is a subscription-based weekly community publication serving the Jewish community of Baltimore. 
History.
Baltimore's oldest and largest Jewish publication, it has been described as "the largest weekly in Maryland and one of the most respected independent Jewish publications in America", and "one of the premier independent Jewish newspapers in the country." 
The newspaper was founded in 1919 by David Alter, and at one time it was the largest Jewish publication in the country. Alter built a seven newspaper chain, but only two survived the Great Depression, including the "Baltimore Jewish Times".
In 1972, the paper was taken over by Charles "Chuck" Buerger, the grandson of the founder, and in 1974 he was joined by Gary Rosenblatt as editor. The two expanded the scope of the paper's coverage, as well as the size; in the 1980s the paper regularly exceeded 200 pages, and circulation peaked at over 20,000. In the 1980s the two also acquired "The Detroit Jewish News" and "The Atlanta Jewish Times", which were given similar makeovers.
Rosenblatt left in 1993 to become editor of New York's "The Jewish Week". Buerger started the "Palm Beach Jewish Times" in November 1994, and a Boca Raton/Delray Beach edition in August 1996. 
Buerger died in 1996, and the paper was taken over by his son Andrew. In 1998 Andrew Buerger sold off the Florida newspapers, and in 2000 he sold the Detroit and Atlanta papers to Jewish Renaissance Media. 
Phil Jacobs, a Baltimore native and former Jewish Times reporter who had been serving as editor of the Detroit paper, was named Executive Editor of the "Baltimore Jewish Times" in 1997. During his tenure, the paper published a series of investigative reports on child molestation by members of the rabbinate, and revealed that he had been molested himself as a child. The series won critical acclaim, but also outrage from some members of the Orthodox community, who disputed some of the accusations made. Jacobs' experience writing the series and living through the controversy it raised in his community was chronicled in "Standing Silent", a 2010 documentary film by director Scott Rosenfelt (producer of Mystic Pizza and Home Alone, among others). 
In 2006 the paper won the 2005 Simon Rockower Awards for Excellence in News Reporting and Writing about Scientific and Technological Innovation Out of Israel from the American Jewish Press Association.
Jacobs left the "Baltimore Jewish Times" in June 2011 to become editor of Washington Jewish Week. Andrew Buerger then became editor and publisher, and runs the publication's former parent company, Alter Communications, which also produces "Baltimore STYLE" magazine and a number of custom publications.
In 2011, the "Baltimore Jewish Times" underwent a major redesign and became more magazine-like, with coated glossy stock, a smaller page size and more color photography and graphics. In 2012, the publication was sold at bankruptcy auction and purchased by Route 95 Publications LLC, owner of the Washington Jewish Week. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940780" title="Chapter 24">
Chapter 24

"Chapter 24" is the title of a song from Pink Floyd's 1967 album "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn". This song was one of several to be considered for the band's "best of" album, "".
Composition.
It was written by Syd Barrett and its lyrics are inspired by text from chapter 24 of the ancient Chinese tome "I Ching" ("The Book of Changes").
"I Ching".
The translation Barrett referenced is not known, but phrases from the lyric can be found in the Richard Wilhelm and Baynes translation of 1950, and the Legge translation of 1899. The former is more poetic, but the latter has greater detail. Chapter 24 explains the significance of the Fû (复, means "returning") hexagram.
Note: This analysis does not cover all lines of the lyric.

</doc>
<doc id="5940799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940799" title="CKSJ-FM">
CKSJ-FM

CKSJ-FM, branded as Coast 101.1, is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. Approved by the CRTC in 2003, the station began broadcasting on February 12, 2004, and is the most recent radio station to have launched in that city. It is owned by Coast Broadcasting, a 50/50 joint venture between local businessman Andrew Bell and longtime St. John's radio personality Andy Newman.
While launching as an adult contemporary station, it now defines its format as adult hits, concentrating primarily on older music. As of 2011, the station airs a classic hits format with 70's 80's and 90's music.
Specialty programs airing on the station include "The 70's with Charlie Tuna", and "Cool Jazz on the Coast " hosted by Bill Sharpe.
On April 11, 2013, Coast Broadcasting applied to add a new FM repeater transmitter located to the west of St. John's, simulcasting CKSJ-FM in areas where reception of the primary signal is difficult. If approved, the new FM transmitter will operate at 107.5 MHz. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940810" title="Curtis Walker">
Curtis Walker

Curtis Walker is a British actor, writer and stand-up comedian. He starred in BBC comedy shows "Paramount City", CBBC Sitcom Kerching!, "The Real McCoy" and "Blouse and Skirt".

</doc>
<doc id="5940814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940814" title="Without You (Debbie Gibson song)">
Without You (Debbie Gibson song)

"Without You" is a song by Debbie Gibson released as a single exclusively in Japan in 1990. Gibson wrote the lyrics herself, with music written by a Japanese singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita. Production credits were given to S. Andrew Zulla. It was featured on the Japanese television drama "Otoko ni Tsuite (About Men)" aired on TBS in 1990, and peaked at #26 on the Japanese Oricon chart.
In the following year, a co-writer reconstructed the song in alternative lyrics in Japanese written by him, under the title ". Yamashita's interpretation was issued as one of the lead singles for his "Artisan" album, and gained more commercial success than original recording. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940826" title="Queen Mary Elementary School">
Queen Mary Elementary School

Queen Mary Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1915.
It is located at 2000 Trimble Street, at the intersection with 4th Avenue in the West Point Grey neighbourhood. As of 2009, the current school principal is Monika Sanft. The school has a population of about 450 students from grade K-7. It is also one of the three schools that host the MAC (Multi-Age Cluster) classes in the Vancouver School District. The other schools with MAC classes in the Vancouver School Board are Tecumseh Elementary and General Gordon Elementary School.
Queen Mary Elementary School is located close to the beach and is upon a hill. It has two buildings, a gravel field and two playgrounds (one for upper school and one for lower school.) 
The main red building was a former Town Hall for the city of Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="5940833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940833" title="Maryland Deathfest">
Maryland Deathfest

Maryland Deathfest (often abbreviated to MDF) is an annual extreme music festival held in or near Baltimore, Maryland, USA. It has always occurred during Memorial Day weekend each year. The festival is the biggest of its kind in North America.
History and line-ups.
MDF is the idea of two extreme metal fans named Ryan and Evan. During the 12 years of festival history, MDF has featured over 400 bands from over 25 countries, many of which make their US debut at the festival. The festival is promoted with the slogan: "America's biggest metal party of the year."
2003.
The first installment of Maryland Deathfest was held from Friday, May 23 to Sunday, May 25 at the Thunderdome.
2004.
Maryland Death Fest 2004 was held on Saturday, May 29 and Sunday, May 30.
2005.
Maryland Deathfest 2005 was held on Saturday, May 28 and Saturday, May 29 at the House of Rock.
2006.
Maryland Deathfest IV was held on Saturday, May 27 and Sunday, May 28. This was the first Maryland Deathfest to be held at Sonar, which hosted every iteration of the festival from 2006 to 2012.
2007.
Maryland Deathfest V was held on Saturday, May 26 and Sunday, May 27.
2008.
Maryland Deathfest VI was held from Friday, May 23 to Sunday, May 25.
2009.
Maryland Deathfest VII was held from Friday, May 22 to Sunday, May 24, and was the first incarnation of the festival to feature a second stage outside the venue.
2010.
Maryland Deathfest VIII was held from Friday, May 28 to Sunday, May 30, with a pre-fest show taking place on Thursday, May 27.
2011.
Maryland Deathfest IX was held from Thursday, May 26 to Sunday, May 29, 2011.
2012.
Maryland Deathfest X was held from Thursday, May 24 to Sunday, May 27, 2012.
2013.
Maryland Deathfest XI was held from Thursday, May 23 to Sunday, May 26, 2013. It was the first incarnation to feature the Baltimore Soundstage, a separate venue that catered primarily to punk and hardcore acts. It was also the last incarnation of the festival to be hosted at the former Sonar Compound, following its sale and rebranding as the Paparazzi Nightclub.
2014.
Maryland Deathfest XII was held from Thursday, May 22 to Sunday, May 25, 2014. The main stages were located at the Edison Lot in Baltimore, near the former Sonar location. It is the second incarnation to feature the Baltimore Soundstage, again catering primarily to punk, grindcore and hardcore. It is the first year to feature additional bands at Rams Head Live!, which featured mainly black, death and doom metal. 

</doc>
<doc id="5940840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940840" title="German submarine U-703">
German submarine U-703

German submarine "U-703" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" deployed during the Second World War against allied shipping in the Arctic Ocean. She was a successful boat, which had a far longer service life than most other U-boats, primarily due to the restricted zone of operations in which she fought. Her main mission during the war was to target the Arctic Convoys which carried supplies to the Soviet Union from Britain. At this she was quite successful in her three years of raiding until her presumed demise in 1944.
"U-703" was built at Hamburg in Northern Germany on the North Sea. She was completed in the autumn of 1941, and given to the experienced Kptlt. Heinz Bielfeld to command. He took her on her working-up period in which the boat was tested and the crew trained in the Baltic Sea and around the German held coastlines, before being dispatched to Narvik in Norway for her first war patrol in April 1942.
War Patrols.
Enjoying the improving Arctic weather, "U-703" had an unsuccessful patrol in terms of victims, but the boat began to work better as a team, and the second patrol in May reaped dividends, with the sinking of the 6,000 ton American freighter SS "Syros". This ship sank with eleven lives after a torpedo touched off her ammunition. The same patrol scored greater success during the disastrous end to Convoy PQ-17 on the 5 May, when she managed to sink two lone cargo ships, one of them damaged by long range German bombers beforehand. Returning to port at Narvik, "U-703" was cheered by her victory, but she struggled to make further impressions during the year, as her two further patrols yielded only one victim, the British destroyer , which was fatally crippled by a torpedo near Convoy PQ-18 in September.
Following her lay-over in the winter as her home ports of Narvik, Trondheim, Hammerfest, Harstad and Bergen were all frozen, "U-703" returned to the offensive, again attacking allied convoys in the Arctic Sea. Her first two patrols, in January and April were short and barren, but on the next two in July and August 1943 under her new commander Joachim Brünner, she cruised in Soviet waters in the Barents Sea and further east, catching a small Soviet armed trawler on 1 August, and larger Soviet merchant ship the next day, sinking the SS "Sergj Kirov" near Istvestij Island. These patrols had shown the vulnerability of older U-boats to newer allied countermeasures and protection, forcing the submarines to divert themselves into backwaters of the Battle of the Atlantic in order to gain any victories.
The "U-703" continued operating in the spring of 1944, but she was obviously less efficient and was given duties deploying weather balloons in the Arctic Sea to test weather conditions for reports to other shipping. This was in part a result of terrible damage she received off Narvik during her first patrol of the season, when allied aircraft strafed her, killing three crew and wounding three more. Just a few days before she had claimed her only victim of the year, the SS "Empire Tourist", which was sunk whilst part of Convoy RA-57.
Relegated to her new duties, "U-703" suddenly disappeared around the 25 September 1944. She had left Narvik on her thirteenth war patrol on 14 September, in order to deploy a weather balloon in the Arctic. At the time a heavy gale was running, and it has been assumed that "U-703" foundered due to heavy seas in the course of this difficult and highly technical operation. No trace of the boat and her 54 crew has ever been found.

</doc>
<doc id="5940868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940868" title="David and the Phoenix">
David and the Phoenix

David and the Phoenix is a 1957 children's novel about a young boy's adventures with a Phoenix. The first book written by American author Edward Ormondroyd, it is a tale of friendship between two different species—a young boy and a mythical bird—and focuses on David's education in the ways of the mythical world. The book ends with the Phoenix's rebirth.
Plot summary.
The novel begins with David moving to a new house at the base of some beautiful mountains. The next day, rather than settle into the new house, he decides to climb the mountains. Upon reaching the summit, he encounters the Phoenix. At first they are frightened of each other, as the Phoenix had been chased by a Scientist for several weeks and David had, of course, never seen anything like the Phoenix before. The Phoenix seems quite flattered by David's attentions, and takes a shine to him. Thus, the Phoenix decides that he should educate David about the various legendary creatures in the world to round out his knowledge. But years of hiding from scientists have made the Phoenix's wings flabby, and David has to coach the rather comical bird on his flying.
The first adventure in the Phoenix's curriculum for David involves seeing the Gryffins, said to be the friendliest of three similar races: the Gryffins, Gryffons, and Gryffens).
On this journey, they first meet a Witch who goads the Phoenix into a race, which he later wins. Though David never actually meets a Gryffin on his first journey, the Phoenix attempts to talk to a lazy Gryffen. But they get captured by the violent and arrogant Gryffons, who sentence the Phoenix to death for bringing humans into their magic world.
After escaping the Gryffon Cave through combined ingenuity, the Phoenix keeps his appointment with the Witch. David returns home to meet the unpleasant Scientist visiting his parents. David's evasiveness makes the villain suspicious. David warns the Phoenix as he unceremoniously shows up later that night, exhausted from his race. The two friends begin implementing various plans to avoid the Scientist, firstly by finding some buried treasure with the help of a gruff, but friendly Sea Monster, and spending the gold coins on magic items to foil the Scientist's plot to capture the rare bird.
While visiting the magical world to buy necessities, David has a brief adventure with a prankster Leprechaun, meets a cantankerous potion-selling Hag, and even makes friends with a Faun, who races and plays with the boy before joining his people for an alluring dance in the Forest. However, the Phoenix rescues David from remaining too long in this world, which could absorb those beings who are not magical.
Using their collected magical items, the Phoenix and David sabotage the Scientist's equipment and frighten him into leaving town—at least for the moment. However, the old Phoenix celebrates his 500th birthday, and soon reveals he must "bow to tradition," and build himself a pyre of cinnamon logs. David tearfully complies with his friend's wishes, buying the necessary items from town.
Unfortunately, the Scientist shows up and follows David up the mountain trails. The Phoenix is reborn, but as a hatchling, does not yet comprehend its peril. David appeals to the young Phoenix, who dimly recognizes a friend, and flies away to avoid captivity. David watches as the Old Phoenix's token, a blue feather, changes to a golden hue.
Major themes.
The book might be interpreted as an extended metaphor for the supposed inability of Science and Mythology to coexist. The Scientist represents a certain aspect of science which seeks to destroy things outside its paradigm. However, as the scientist uses a gun and deadly traps, it also might be a criticism of endangered species. The author is also a known environmentalist who has long fought to preserve the Finger Lakes region of New York, where he currently resides.
However, Edward Ormondroyd's major theme seems to be the ongoing conflict between childhood and adulthood. Instead of putting away "childish things," the older Phoenix seeks to educate David (and the reader) that adults can also have imaginations, and can enjoy fantasy on its own merits. Too often, parents and teachers discourage fantasy literature as being frivolous and unprofitable. The Phoenix argues that without mythology, David's education is not complete.
David meets many mythological creatures, including; The eponymous Phoenix, Griffins, Fauns, Sea Monsters, a Banshee, Nymphs, and Leprechauns. However, the author concludes that fantasy should not be confused with reality. The Phoenix actually rescues David from falling permanently under the influence of the magical world; instead, he returns the boy to his home.
Developments.
This book enjoyed a resurgence of popularity in the wake of Harry Potter and the filming of Roald Dahl novels during the past decade. As of October 2005, there have been negotiations between the author and a private animation-film company to produce a feature-length "David and the Phoenix," but nothing concrete has been announced by the author as yet.
In 2002 Full Cast Audio released an unabridged recording of the novel, as read by a cast of ten actors, and featuring Ormondroyd himself as narrator. The production was hailed by AudioFile Magazine, which said, "Every line of the book's warmth, humor, and gentleness comes to life in Bruce Coville's superb multicast production."
Some "Dark Shadows" fans have speculated as to the surface similarity between Ormondroyd's whimsical novel, and the 1967 subplot featuring Laura Murdoch Collins, who reveals her true sinister nature as Laura the Phoenix, as she tries to claim her estranged nine year old boy—named David. However, writer Malcolm Marmorstein has never been asked whether this book might have inspired his decision to make Laura Collins into this mythological creature.
New York Times best selling author David Weber used the book as a recurring motif in the Honor Harrington novel "At All Costs", with a brief footnote about his own childhood love for the book. In fact, the original cover of "At All Costs" shows Honor Harrington reading from "David and the Phoenix" to her infant son Raoul. The 2010 novel "Out of the Dark" also mentions the book as a favorite of one of the main characters' children.

</doc>
<doc id="5940882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940882" title="CHMR-FM">
CHMR-FM

CHMR-FM is a Canadian campus radio station broadcasting on the campus of Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador on 93.5 MHz (over-the-air), Rogers Digital Cable channel 942 (throughout Newfoundland) and Aliant TV channel 825 (throughout Atlantic Canada).
The Memorial University of Newfoundland Radio Society received approval by the CRTC in 1986 to operate on the frequency 93.5 MHz.
The station is operated by the university's undergraduate students' union, MUNSU. A media fee paid by all undergraduate students at Memorial's St. John's campus is the primary funding for CHMR. Along with "The Muse", CHMR receives two dollars from every student each semester.
CHMR previously aired on cable FM at 103.7 MHz in the St. John's area. It moved to digital cable in late 2006, when Rogers discontinued all traditional cable FM service.

</doc>
<doc id="5940890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940890" title="Dysart et al, Ontario">
Dysart et al, Ontario

The Corporation of the United Townships of Dysart, Dudley, Harcourt, Guilford, Harburn, Bruton, Havelock, Eyre and Clyde (shortened to Municipality of Dysart et al meaning Municipality of Dysart and others) is a municipality in Haliburton County in Central Ontario, Canada. The original townships were of the Canadian Land and Emigration Company. At 61 letters or 68 non-space characters, the municipality has the longest name of any place in Canada.
Communities.
The municipality's primary town is Haliburton (), a community on Head Lake. Haliburton has a seasonal tourism-based economy. Some of southern Ontario's population retreats to central and northern Ontario "cottage country" for recreation and relaxation during the summer.
Haliburton Village and Haliburton County derive their name from the author Thomas Chandler Haliburton, who wrote the popular "Sam Slick" stories in the mid-19th century. Haliburton was chairman of the Board of Directors of The British Land and Immigration Company in England, who were responsible for developing most of the area before it became incorporated into a "Provisional County" in 1887.
The municipality also includes the smaller communities of Donald, Eagle Lake, Fort Irwin, Goulds, Harburn, Kennaway (ghost town), Kennisis Lake and West Guilford.
History.
In the 1860s, the Canadian Land and Emigration Company of London, England purchased in this part of Ontario for settlement purposes. The development was named after company chairman Judge Thomas Haliburton, a politician and the author of the Sam Slick stories. According to the book "Fragments of a Dream", the first European settlers began arriving in Haliburton village in 1864. Key settlers included Captain John Lucas (1824-1874). Lucas co-established the first saw/grist mill and was later elected the first Reeve of Dysart. Captain Lucas, originally a native of Long Preston, Yorkshire, England, also established the first hotel in town that later became the Grand Central Hotel. Other important settlers included W. Ritchie, Alexander Niven, James Holland, John Erskine, the Heard family and Willet Austin.
Haliburton was the northern terminus of the Victoria Railway (ex Canadian National Railway Haliburton subdivision) from Lindsay. The first railway train to arrive in Haliburton was on November 26, 1878 with John Albert Lucas (1860-1945) as the train engineer. The railway was abandoned and the rails lifted in 1980. The station remains and is now home to Rails End Gallery and Arts Centre.
Fire tower history.
The former Dysart fire tower was erected in 1956 on a hill by the east side of the village just off of Ontario Highway 118. Its frame still stands, but the cupola has since been removed. It was erected by Ontario's former "Department of Lands and Forests" (now the Ministry of Natural Resources) as an early detection to protect the local forests from fire. This tower was put out of use in the late 1960s when aerial detection systems were put in place. It was one of the County of Haliburton's many towers that were part of the former "Lindsay Forest Fire District". Other towers included: Harburn, Eyre, Glamorgan (Green's Mountain), Harvey, Cardiff, Digby, Lutterworth, Sherboure (St. Nora), Dorset and Bruton. There were "Department of Lands and Forests" offices stationed in Minden, Ontario, Dorset and at St. Nora Lake (now the Leslie Frost Centre).
Education.
The County of Haliburton is part of the Trillium Lakelands District School Board.
Elementary:
Secondary:
Post-Secondary:
Adult Education:
Demographics.
Mother tongue:
Population trend:
Culture.
Dysart et al has a vibrant cultural community including Haliburton School of The Arts, Arts Council~Haliburton Highlands, Highlands Summer Festival, Highlands Opera Studio, Haliburton Highlands Museum, Haliburton Sculpture Forest and Rails End Gallery & Arts Centre.
The Haliburton International Film Festival (HIFF) is held each November at the Northern Lights Performing Arts Centre at the high school. 
The Annual Haliburton Art and Craft Festival is held on the fourth weekend in July and is a signature event for Haliburton County with attendance of approx 7500 and over 100 artisans. 
Haliburton appears as a significant setting in Canadian literature. Examples include Richard Pope's "Me n Len - Life in the Haliburton Bush 1900–1940" and Robert Rotenberg's "Old City Hall".
Scenes from the movie "Meatballs" (1979) were filmed at Camp White Pine, Haliburton.
Parks.
Southern portions of Algonquin Provincial Park lie in Dysart et al in the geographic townships of Bruton, Clyde, Eyre and Harburn.
Notable people.
The local arena has mural paintings of Duchene, Hodgson, Nicholls and Stackhouse on the outside wall.

</doc>
<doc id="5940893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940893" title="Amniotic epithelial cells">
Amniotic epithelial cells

Amniotic epithelial cells are a form of stem cells extracted from the lining of the inner membrane of the placenta. Amniotic epithelial cells start to develop around 8 days post fertilization. These cells are known to have some of the same markers as embryonic stem cells, more specifically, Oct-4 and nanog. These transcription factors are the basis of the pluripotency of stem cells. Amniotic epithelial cells have the ability to develop into any of the three germ layers: endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm. They can develop into several organ tissues specific to these germ layers including heart, brain, and liver. The pluripotentency of the human amniotic epithelial cells makes them useful in treating and fighting diseases and disorders of the nervous system as well as other tissues of the human body. Artificial heart valves and working tracheas, as well as muscle, fat, bone, heart, neural and liver cells have all been engineered using amniotic stem cells. Tissues obtained from amniotic cell lines show promise for patients suffering from congenital diseases or malformations of the heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, and cerebral tissue.
Transplantation Success of Amniotic Epithelial Cells.
Amniotic epithelial cells have shown to be safe and successfully transplanted into hosts that are not related to the donor. One possible reason for this is that amniotic epithelial cells have low antigen levels that inhibit compatibility from a donor to the recipient. This makes the possibility of rejection of the cells by the recipient tissue less likely. Unlike traditional tissue transplants, where the donor and recipient have to be in complete sync as far as blood type and overall compatibility and even still can show tissue rejection, amniotic epithelial cells can be used and show a higher likelihood of tissue acceptance. Also, amniotic epithelial cells are known to promote natural wound healing as well as the inhibition of angiogenesis, which is the basic conversion of a tumor into malignant cancer.
Advantages over embryonic stem cells.
In harvesting embryonic stem cells, a human embryo is destroyed. Many pro-life individuals associate this act with abortion and consider it immoral. Amniotic epithelial cells are harvested from the placenta, which is commonly discarded after birth. The cells are very easily obtainable without the use of intrusive procedures. Thus their use averts the controversy about embryonic stem cells. There are also large amounts of amniotic epithelial cells found in the placenta and can be found in upwards of 50-100 million cells from one extraction. However, several billion cells are required to use for transplantation in order to treat and fight diseases. Therefore, the cells must be expanded in a lab to have enough cells for transplantation.
Unlike embryonic stem cells, amniotic stem cells have not shown a propensity for developing into teratomas and other cancer-like tumors upon injection into living tissue. Amniotic epithelial cells have not been known to produce cancerous tumors in the host despite the fact that these cells do express genes found in embryonic stem cells that are known to promote tumor formation.
Organs engineered from amniotic epithelial cells obtained from the placenta associated with a particular person's birth would not be rejected by that person; such organs would have the same genotype as that person and thus be fully compatible with that person's immune system.
Amniotic Epithelial Cell Expansion.
Because there is not a sufficient amount of amniotic epithelial cells extracted from a single term placenta to be use in cellular therapies, the cells must be expanded in a lab. However, some studies have shown that once these cells are duplicated in the lab, some of the pluripotentency is lost. Also, these lab grown cells have shown altered gene expression causing a differing phenotype as well as differing antigen levels. This may change their ability to be compatible across non related tissues. Much of the effects of expanding these cells are unknown and scientists are continuing to study ways to cultivate these cells without changing their pluripotent properties.
 Scientists have found that freezing amniotic epithelial cells causes them to not function as they normally would, which have scientists thinking that the extracellular matrix is the part of the cell that controls its functions.
Cellular Therapies Involving Amniotic Epithelial Cells.
There have been several studies conducted on the potential benefits of using Amniotic epithelial cells in various parts of the body. One prospective use of these cells includes cellular therapies aimed at dropping inflammation and scarring. Models have shown that using these cells to reduce such inflammation has shown rewarding affects in the lungs and liver. More specifically, amniotic epithelial cells have been used in the past to treat genetic liver diseases such as ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, familial hypercholesterolemia, and Crigler-Najjar Syndrome. These cells are being looked at by scientists as a new and more effiecient way to treat diseases of the liver particularly because of the problem arising from a lack of liver donors. Scientists are also working with genetically modified human amniotic epithelial cells in new experimental procedures and cellular therapies.
Also, amniotic epithelial cells have shown potential for encouraging tissue repair of the recipient. Studies have shown that the use of amniotic epithelial cells in cellular therapies involving spinal cord injuries is promising because of their ability to differentiate into fully operational neurons and can release neurotransmitters. These cells can also be used to treat diseases that affect the central nervous system as well as other neurological disorders.
Amniotic epithelial cells are able to make and release acetylcholine and catecholamine. They also show gene expression for dopamine receptors and transporters. Because of this, they are also studied by scientists who research effects of new drugs on dopamine receptors and transporters as well as the basic functions including dopamine secretion and uptake.
Several scientists have concluded using lab rats with Parkinson's disease that these cells, when transplanted, reversed the effects of the disease by replacing those dopamine releasing neurons that had died and prevented other neurons from being destroyed by the disease. Currently, Parkinson’s disease is treated with dopamine replacement therapy but is not functional with the late progression of the disease and can’t cure the disease. Also, other cells that have been used in the past for transplantation to treat Parkinson’s, such as neural stem cells and embryonic stem cells, are either limited or controversial in their retrieval. Similar positive effects have also been shown in studies involving chickens with neurological disorders.
Experiments with lab mice have concluded that amniotic epithelial cells can also differentiate into cells of the pancreas that function to produce insulin and regulate blood sugar levels. This could be a possible cure or treatment for diabetes of both types.
These stem cells can also be used in the lung because they are able to differentiate into cells that produce surfactant, which promotes lung development in unborn fetuses. This could be used as treatment for babies born prematurely that have underdeveloped lung capacities. Another promising use of amniotic epithelial cells is to apply them to the cornea to restore its function in individuals with cornea failure. Studies have shown that when these cells are applied, it decreases the swelling of the ocular plane. Amniotic epithelial cells have also shown positive effects when used to treat severe burn victims by encouraging tissue repair of the recipient as well as treatment for certain autoimmune diseases.
Researchers from the Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine recently conducted a study in which they transplanted amniotic epithelial cells into the oral cavity to treat oral mucosal defects. Because skin grafts taken from the oral cavity cause defects on the donor site, scientists were looking for a better way of treating these defects without creating defects from transplantation. These scientists used lab rabbits with the oral mucosal defects and transplanted cultured amniotic epithelial cells to the defected areas. The cultured amniotic epithelial cells showed markers found on the oral mucosal cells such as certain keratins. They found that the amniotic epithelial cells differentiation into mucosal-like cells and remained on the mucosal defect and therefore could be a possible mechanism for treating those defects. Scientists have recently discovered that human amniotic epithelial cells are able to produce and release the plasma protein albumin.

</doc>
<doc id="5940895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940895" title="Leadership (book)">
Leadership (book)

Leadership (published October 1, 2002, ISBN 0-7868-6841-4) is a book written by Rudolph W. Giuliani (co-authored with Ken Kurson) about his time as Mayor of New York City and how he cleaned up New York City, reduced crime, and revitalized the economy of the city. Most of the book was written before the September 11, 2001 attacks, though Giuliani did include a section about his experiences that day and how he dealt with the emergency and the cleanup afterwards.
In 2007, this book was re-issued during Giuliani's presidential campaign, with a new introduction including Giuliani's perspective on various problems facing the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5940936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940936" title="Charles Paine">
Charles Paine

Charles Paine (April 15, 1799 – July 6, 1853) was an American Whig politician, woolen mill owner, merchant, railroad builder, and fifteenth Governor of Vermont.
Biography.
Paine was the son of U.S. Senator Elijah Paine, and was born in Williamstown, Vermont. He graduated from Harvard. Though he never married, he had two children.
Career.
Paine moved to Northfield, Vermont in the early part of the nineteenth century to run the family woolen mill. He opearted this business until it was destroyed by fire in 1848. He had various other business interests including an hotel and a store, but he is most often remembered as the individual who brought railroads to Vermont. He founded the Vermont Central Railroad and served as the first president of the company. 
In Northfield, Paine held the offices of Town Selectman and Moderator of the Town Meeting. In his political life he was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives from 1828 through 1829. He was the 15th Governor of Vermont from 1841 until 1843. During his tenure, a stricter accounting of public funds was established. 
As the founder and president of the Vermont Central Railroad Paine built its headquarters in his home town of Northfield, despite the hilly terrain, earning the enmity of residents of larger, more accessible nearby towns. In the extensive yard, engines and railroad cars were built and repaired. In 1853 the Vermont Central Railroad went into bankruptcy due to over expansion and, in some cases, mismanagement. The railroad was placed under receivership and renamed the Central Vermont Railroad. Its headquarters were moved to St. Albans.
Death.
Paine died in Waco, Texas after three weeks of dysentery while helping the Southern Pacific Railroad choose a route. He is interred at Elwood Cemetery, Northfield Washington County, Vermont. The home of the former Governor, 75 South Main Street, Northfield, Vermont, is where the Northfield Historical Society is housed.

</doc>
<doc id="5940947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940947" title="Sindbad Amusement Park">
Sindbad Amusement Park

The Sindbad Amusement Parks are a group of family entertainment centers and amusement parks located in the cities of Faisalabad, Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi and Sialkot in Pakistan. 
The branch in Faisalabad has indoor bumper cars and a large gaming arcade for all ages. It is located near the Iqbal Stadium.
The branches in Lahore are located at Fortress Stadium in Lahore Cantt and Pace Shopping Mall in Gulberg.
In Karachi, there are three indoor Sindbads located inside Dolmen Mall Clifton, Dolmen Mall Tariq Road and Dolmen Mall Hyderi. They include a mix of the latest video games, redemption games as well as kiddy rides. Sindbad at Dolmen Mall Clifton also includes the largest indoor playground in Pakistan, with three storeys of soft play. The play ground includes slides, ball pools, ball shooters and trampolines.
Karachi is also home to two outdoor Sindbads located at Nisar Shaheed Park and NIPA.

</doc>
<doc id="5940949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940949" title="Glenn Graham (fiddler)">
Glenn Graham (fiddler)

Glenn Graham (born April 29, 1974) is a Canadian musician from Judique, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.
Music career.
Graham has received music industry recognition for his solo recordings. His second solo release, "Step Outside", garnered nominations for "Male Artist of the Year" and "Roots/Traditional Solo Recording of the Year" at the 2002 ECMAs. In 2006 he received his fifth nomination at the ECMAs for his recording, "Drive", in the Roots/Traditional Solo Recording category. In 2006, he authored "The Cape Breton Fiddle", published by the Cape Breton University Press. He and his cousin Rodney MacDonald, previously owned their own label, GlennRod Music Incorporated. Graham has since created his own label, Bowbeat. His sister Amy is also a Cape Breton musician.
Family.
Graham's parents are Gaelic singer Daniel ("Danny") and pianist Mary (née Beaton) Graham. He began performing in public at age seven, when he sang a Gaelic song with his father in a concert in Glendale, Nova Scotia. He began taking fiddle lessons at age ten from his maternal uncle, Kinnon Beaton, a Cape Breton fiddler. His grandfather, the late Donald Angus Beaton, was a legendary fiddler/composer, and his grandmother, Elizabeth Beaton, was a well-known pianist. Graham and musicians from his mother's side of the family, the Beatons, have been recorded by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings. 
Education.
Graham studied political science at St. Francis Xavier University in Antigonish, and obtained his post-graduate degree (M.A.) in "Atlantic Canada Studies" at Saint Mary's University, Halifax in 2004, with his thesis, "Cape Breton Fiddle Music: The Making and Maintenance of a Tradition".

</doc>
<doc id="5940952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940952" title="Rock-A-Rolla">
Rock-A-Rolla

Rock-A-Rolla is a music magazine covering experimental, avant-garde, noise and metal artists pushing the boundaries of music. Launched in late 2005, it is published bi-monthly in the UK by V-Squared Publishing Limited and distributed worldwide, mainly in UK, Canada, USA, Europe and Australia. In the past the magazine has championed such diverse artists as Khanate, Zu, The Locust, Justin Broadrick, Mike Patton, Melvins and others.
The current editor-in-chief is Vuk Valcic.

</doc>
<doc id="5940960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940960" title="Marty Nothstein">
Marty Nothstein

Martin "Marty" Wayne Nothstein (born February 10, 1971) is an American professional road bicycle racer and track cyclist. He is a 3-time world champion in track events and an Olympic gold and silver medalist.
Biography.
Early life.
Nothstein was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, one of five children to Wayne Nothstein, owner of a local automotive business, Nothstein Motors. Nothstein's paternal great grandfather was an accomplished bicycle racer at the turn of the 21st century, and bare-knuckle prizefighter. Nothstein is a 1989 graduate of Emmaus High School in Emmaus, Pennsylvania.
Cycling career.
Nothstein began cycling in 1987 and made his international debut in 1989, at the UCI Track Cycling World Cycling Championships in Lyon, France.
Nothstein won his first world championship medal in 1993, when he took the silver in the keirin. He became a double world champion in 1994, winning both sprint and keirin events at the 1994 World Championships. He did so whilst nursing a broken heel bone. Nothstein again rode with a fractured bone, this time a kneecap, as part of the U.S. team sprint squad that won the bronze medal at the 1995 World Championships.
He won a Silver medal in the sprint at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, he became the first American cyclist in 16 years to win an Olympic gold medal, when he took the victory in the sprint.
In March 2001, he turned professional (on the road) with the U.S. based Mercury Viatel team, before moving to the Navigators Insurance Cycling Team in 2002. He remained with Navigators for four years to the end of his career.
In 2004, Nothstein had success on the road as well as track, proving many people wrong; many had said that this wasn't possible for a sprint rider. In order to transfer to road riding, he had lost 30 pounds of body mass, compared to his weight at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
He earned the nickname "The Blade" for his razor thin victory margins. He was also called this for his skill at cutting through a field of riders into first place.
Retirement.
Nothstein retired from competitive cycling after the 2006 season, and now drives an NHRA Top Alcohol Funny Car for Follow A Dream. 
Nothstein won two races in the 2007 NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series season; one at Bradenton Motorsports Park in Bradenton, Florida in the series’ season opener, the other in mid-July at Gateway International Raceway in Madison, Illinois. He finished 11th in points in the 2007 NHRA Alcohol Funny Car season.

</doc>
<doc id="5940961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940961" title="General Gordon Elementary School">
General Gordon Elementary School

General Gordon Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1912. It was named for British General Charles George Gordon who was killed at Khartoum in January 1885.
It is located at 2896 West 6th Avenue, at the intersection with Macdonald Street in Kitsilano. As of 2008, the school principal is Margaret Davidson and the vice principle is Nathalie Morrisette. It offers a late-start French Immersion program for sixth and seventh grade students. Since September 2008, it has also been a home for a district French Immersion Multi Age Cluster Class (FI MACC). 
In September 2008, General Gordon was selected as one of three schools in a pilot provincially supported "Neighbourhoods of Learning" program. The program was announced by premier Gordon Campbell at a news conference held at Queen Mary Elementary School on September 3, 2008. The program includes $30 million in funding to put "education and community services ... in a single neighbourhood hub".

</doc>
<doc id="5940971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940971" title="North Carolina Department of Transportation">
North Carolina Department of Transportation

The North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) is responsible for building, repairing, and operating highways, bridges, and other modes of transportation, including ferries in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
History.
The North Carolina Department of Transportation was formed in 1915 as the State Highway Commission. In 1941 the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) was formed under the NCDoT by an act of the General Assembly. The Executive Organization Act of 1971 combined the state highway commission and the DMV to form the NC Department of Transportation and Highway Safety. In 1979 "Highway Safety" was dropped when the North Carolina State Highway Patrol (NCSHP) was transferred to the North Carolina Department of Crime Control and Public Safety.
Board of Transportation.
The board governs the department and helps make decisions. Nineteen board members appointed by the governor, one each from one of the fourteen divisions, plus others representing specific functions of the department, meet once a month.
Divisions of the NCDOT.
Division of Motor Vehicles.
The Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) is a division of the NCDOT whose stated mission is to provide motor vehicle services, promote highway safety, and furnish timely and accurate information by providing excellent customer service, enforcing motor vehicle laws, and maintaining the integrity of official DMV records.
Division of Highways.
The Division of Highways is responsible for building and maintaining the second largest state maintained highway system in the nation, incorporating over of highways, and 18,540 bridges collectively spanning .
Division of Aviation.
The Division of Aviation's mission is to promote the economic well being of North Carolina through air transportation system development and improved aviation safety and education.
Division of Bicycle & Pedestrian Transportation.
The Division of Bicycle and Pedestrian Transportation (DBPT) is a comprehensive operation, touching all aspects of bicycling and walking; whether designing facilities, creating safety programs, mapping cross-state bicycle routes, training teachers, sponsoring workshops and conferences, fostering multi-modal planning or integrating bicycling and walking into the ongoing activities of the Department of Transportation. Created in 1974 as a result of North Carolina bicycle program legislation and expanded to encompass pedestrian activities in 1992 as a result of federal legislation, the DBPT is the oldest comprehensive state program of its kind in the United States.
Ferry Division.
The Ferry Division is responsible for providing safe, cost-effective and dependable service for the traveling public. The Ferry Division operates eight routes connecting mainland North Carolina with various outer banks and islands along the coast of North Carolina.
Public Transportation Division.
The NCDOT Public Transportation Division helps North Carolina public transit systems move people. They don't operate buses, trains or vans directlythat's the responsibility of local transit systemsthey help them operate safer and more effectively.The first division director was David C. Robinson, 1974-1979. He was succeeded by David King, then Sanford Cross, Miriam Perry, and Teresa Hart (the current director, appointed in 2012.)
Rail Division.
The Rail Division is responsible for operation of six Amtrak trains within North Carolina and works with the North Carolina Railroad Company, a state owned railroad that carries both freight and passenger rail service. The route is long and runs from Charlotte, North Carolina to one of the state ports at Morehead City, NC. The route passes through the cities of Charlotte, Salisbury, Lexington, Greensboro, Burlington, Durham, Raleigh, Goldsboro and on to Morehead City. The North Carolina Railroad trackage is currently leased to Norfolk Southern Railway. A small portion between Raleigh and Cary is co-operated with Norfolk Southern by CSX Transportation. The state operates no freight trains and all freight is handled by either CSX or Norfolk Southern. The state, however, does own the rolling stock used on the "Piedmont" under the reporting mark RNCX.

</doc>
<doc id="5940988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940988" title="502 Downtowner">
502 Downtowner

The 502 Downtowner is a streetcar line operated by the Toronto Transit Commission in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It runs from the Bingham loop at Victoria Park Avenue and Kingston Road in the Beaches neighbourhood to McCaul loop in downtown Toronto.
Route.
It runs southwest on Kingston Road then turns west along Queen Street. It goes west along Queen to McCaul Street where there is a turning loop just north of Queen Street West.
The route is grouped together with the 503 Kingston Road for accounting purposes, as they share a large amount of the same track.
The 502 Downtowner runs during the day from Monday to Friday only, with a service every 12 minutes during rush hour and every 20 minutes at other times during the day.
Sites along the line.
From east to west:

</doc>
<doc id="5940993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940993" title="Forty Creek">
Forty Creek

Forty Creek is a brand of Canadian whisky produced by John K. Hall, first generation whisky maker, and owner of Kittling Ridge Wines & Spirits. John Hall started making Forty Creek in 1992, beginning with Forty Creek Barrel Select and Forty Creek Three Grain. In 2007 the first of the Forty Creek Special Reserves were released - limited edition Forty Creek Whiskies that vary with each lot. In 2012 Forty Creek Copper Pot and Forty Creek Cream were introduced. "Malt Advocate magazine" named John Hall "Pioneer of the Year" in 2007 because of his contribution to new lines of thought and new methods in the world of whisky. The distillery is located in Grimsby, Ontario, Canada (between Hamilton and Niagara Falls).
In March 2014, Forty Creek Distillery Ltd. was purchased by Italian beverage company Gruppo Campari for $185.6 Million Canadian Dollars. The sale included 100% of the distillery, including all Forty Creek facilities and whisky stocks.
Forty Creek Barrel Select.
Forty Creek Barrel Select is a blended Canadian whisky, 40% alcohol (ethanol) by volume, 80 proof. It is made with rye, barley and corn (maize). Each grain is fermented, distilled, and aged separately to produce a "méritage" of single grain whiskies. After distillation using a small-batch, copper pot still, the whiskies are aged separately 6–10 years in small cask 40-gallon white oak barrels of varying toasting levels. Vintage sherry casks round off some of the aged whiskies after they are blended, for an additional six months.
Awards and accolades.
Forty Creek has garnered a number of awards at Spirit ratings competitions and from rating organizations. The awards include:
In the 2008 Icons of Whisky Canada competition held by London England's "Whisky Magazine", John K. Hall was awarded "Ambassador of the Year" and Kittling Ridge was deemed "Best Distiller".
Forty Creek Special Reserves.
While Forty Creek Barrel Select continues to be the main whisky produced under the Forty Creek brand name, the production of limited edition Forty Creek whiskies began in 2007. Typically, the bottles are individually numbered; the public has a period of time in which they can reserve a particular bottle number; and the whisky is released in September, followed by a special weekend of events at the distillery.

</doc>
<doc id="5940997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5940997" title="Scotland women's national football team">
Scotland women's national football team

The Scotland women's national football team represents Scotland in international women's football. They have yet to qualify for the final stages of the World Cup or European Championships but are currently ranked 19th in the world and 11th in Europe, the team's highest ever ranking.
History.
Church documents recorded women playing football in Carstairs, Lanarkshire, in 1628. Scotland first played a women's international match in May 1881. Women's football struggled for recognition during this early period and was banned by the football authorities in 1921. Club sides who were interested in using their grounds for women's football were subsequently denied permission by the Scottish Football Association (SFA). The sport continued on an unofficial basis until the 1970s, when the ban was lifted. In 1971 UEFA instructed its members to take control of women's football within their territories. The motion was passed 31–1, but Scotland was the only member to vote against it. Football in Scotland has traditionally been seen as a working class and male preserve.
Scotland's first official match, a 3–2 defeat to England, took place in November 1972. The 1921 ban on women's football was lifted in 1974. The SFA assumed direct responsibility for Scottish women's football in 1998. Scotland have participated in most international competitions since the ban was removed, but have not qualified for a major tournament. The team's standing has improved significantly in recent years, reaching an all-time high of 20th place in the FIFA Women's World Rankings in June 2013.
Media coverage.
Scotland women's internationals have been televised by BBC Alba and broadcast by BBC Radio Scotland. BBC Radio Scotland presenter Tam Cowan was temporarily taken off the air in 2013, after he criticised the use of Fir Park for women's internationals in his "Daily Record" column. In a November 2013 interview with "The Independent" newspaper, Laura Montgomery of Glasgow City FC suggested that media coverage of women's football in Scotland often reflected sexist and misogynist attitudes. This is due to a preponderance of "stupid male journalists", according to Montgomery.
Stadium.
The first official match played by the Scotland women's team was hosted by the Ravenscraig Stadium, an athletics facility in Greenock. The team now normally plays its home games at (men's) club stadiums. Venues used in recent years include Fir Park in Motherwell and Tynecastle Stadium in Edinburgh. Hampden Park in Glasgow is the traditional home of the men's national team and is described by the Scottish Football Association as the "National Stadium". A Scotland women's international was played at Hampden for the first time in October 2012, when it hosted the first leg of a European Championship qualifying playoff against Spain. Earlier in 2012, Hampden had hosted matches in the Olympic women's football tournament.
Current squad.
The following players were called up for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification matches against Poland at Fir Park, Motherwell, on 5 April 2014 and Bosnia and Herzegovina at Bilino Polje, Zenica, on 10 April 2014.
"Caps and goals updated as of 14 April 2014 after the match against Bosnia and Herzegovina. Players' clubs are shown as at time of selection."
Recent callups.
The following players have also been called up in the past year. Players clubs are shown as at time of selection.

</doc>
<doc id="5941000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941000" title="Zenit (sports society)">
Zenit (sports society)

Zenit (; meaning zenith) was the All-Union Voluntary Sports Society for workers of arms industry, established in 1936. Due to reorganization of sports societies, between 1957 and 1966 physical culture collectives of Zenit were a part of VSS Trud from the Russian SFSR, and other republican sports societies. In 1966 Zenit again became a separate VSS. In the 1970s Zenit had about 1,000 large sports constructions, 13,000 sports and football grounds, more than 100 Children and Youth Sport Schools.
The name has been retained after the fall of the Soviet Union and the VSS system, notably by FC Zenit Saint Petersburg, which won the 2007 and 2010 Russian Premier League seasons, the 2007-08 UEFA Cup, and the 2008 UEFA Super Cup in association football.

</doc>
<doc id="5941005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941005" title="Strickland's Frozen Custard">
Strickland's Frozen Custard

Strickland's Frozen Custard is an American ice cream chain, based in Akron, Ohio and with 14 locations in Ohio, Florida, California, and South Carolina. The chain was founded in 1936 by Bill and Florence Strickland of Akron. Strickland's makes its ice cream fresh on-site daily, and generally serves only three or four flavors a day. Despite the chain's name, Strickland's product does not contain egg yolks, and so is legally not frozen custard. Rather, it is similar to soft-serve ice cream, but contains less air than typical soft-serve.
The original Strickland's is still operating, and is located at 1809 Triplett Boulevard in Akron, in the same location as when it opened in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="5941044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941044" title="The Tubes (album)">
The Tubes (album)

The Tubes is the debut album of The Tubes. Songs from this album which received significant airplay include "What Do You Want From Life" and "White Punks On Dope". The latter song peaked at number 28 on the UK singles chart.
The line "hang myself when I get enough rope" in the song "White Punks on Dope" later inspired the title of the 1978 album by The Clash, "Give 'Em Enough Rope" .
The first verse of "Mondo Bondage" contains what is perhaps the first ever use of the Gated reverb snare drum sound. This recording technique was later made famous during the early 1980s by drummers such as Phil Collins of Genesis. Another well-known example is the 1984 Bruce Springsteen hit "Born in the U.S.A.".
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="5941047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941047" title="503 Kingston Rd">
503 Kingston Rd

The 503 Kingston Rd is an east-west streetcar route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission. The 503 Kingston Rd travels on a route to the downtown financial district from the Bingham Loop and operates in the rush hour only with a 12 minute service frequency. The route shares much of its track with the 504 King and the 502 Downtowner.
Route.
Starting at the Bingham Loop on Victoria Park Avenue, the 503 runs southwest on Kingston Road then turns west along Queen Street. At the bridge over the Don River, it then turns southwest going along King Street and continues west to Church Street. It then goes south again to Wellington Street where it continues west to York Street. It then turns north and returns east along King Street, Queen Street and Kingston Road.
The Kingston Road line currently only travels over a short section of Kingston Road and does not extend into Scarborough, but formerly extended as far as the Birchmount Loop, on Birchmount Road. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941058" title="Louis Francescon">
Louis Francescon

Louis Francescon (March 29, 1866 - September 7, 1964) was a missionary and pioneer of the Italian Pentecostal Movement. Several Pentecostal denominations and fellowships acknowledge him as their pioneer, including the Christian Church of North America (now named International Fellowship of Christian Assemblies), the Assemblies of God in Italy, the Christian Congregation in the United States, and the Christian Congregation of Brazil.
Biography.
Coming from a poor family, was the son of Pietro Francescon (born in 1830 in Cavasso Nuovo of Antonio Francescon and Elisabetta Zanussi) and Maria Lovisa (born in 1832 in Cavasso Nuovo of Osvaldo Lovisa and Angela Serena), did not complete high school years elementary.
Francescon was born in Cavasso Nuovo, a small village in the Province of Pordenone, Italy, and emigrated to the United States in 1890, settling in Chicago. He converted to a Waldensian-Presbyterian mission that later was incorporated as the First Italian Presbyterian Church of Chicago. In 1907, Francescon had contact with the North Avenue Full Gospel Mission, pastored William Howard Durham, and accepted the Pentecostalism. He was elected one of the elders of the "Assemblea Cristiana", an independent evangelical Italian church which had embraced Pentecostal teaching and became the mother-church for the Italian Pentecostal movement.
Francescon started churches in Los Angeles, St. Louis, and Philadelphia before departing on missions abroad. He went to Argentina, Brazil and Europe. From his work emerged several denominations, such as the Christian Church of North America and the Christian Congregation of Brazil. However, Francescon was opposed to formally organizing a denomination, and he eventually left the CCNA. Some CCNA congregations followed him and became known as the Christian Congregations. They retain much of Francescon's nondenominational emphasis. At the time of his death in 1964, he was serving as the senior elder of the Christian Congregation Church in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="5941066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941066" title="Ōno no Azumabito">
Ōno no Azumabito

In 724, he fought alongside Fujiwara no Umakai against the Emishi people of Mutsu province. Azumabito was later appointed to the Imperial positions of "Chinjufu-shogun" (Commander-in-chief of the Defense of the North) and "Azechi" (Inspector). He also aided in the suppression of the 740 revolt of Fujiwara no Hirotsugu (the "Dazai shoni" of the Dazaifu on Kyushu). The rebellion ended with Fujiwara's defeat and death.

</doc>
<doc id="5941070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941070" title="Amber chess tournament">
Amber chess tournament

The Amber chess tournament (officially the "Amber Rapid and Blindfold Chess Tournament", previously "Melody Amber") was an annual invitation-only event for some of the world's best players, from 1992 to 2011. Since the second edition, the event uniquely combined blindfold chess and speed chess, and has been held in Monte Carlo. The tournament is sponsored by the Dutch businessman and world champion of correspondence chess, Joop van Oosterom. Named after his daughter, the tournament is usually held in March. Her sister was the eponym to the Crystal Kelly Cup.
The player with the most overall titles (as of 2010) is Vladimir Kramnik, with six. Viswanathan Anand is the only player to have won both the rapid and blindfold events in the same year (he did it twice, in 1997 and 2005). The most rapid events have been won by Anand (nine times), and the most blindfold events have been won by Kramnik (nine times).
Nearly every world class player has played in the tournament but Garry Kasparov. Vassily Ivanchuk is the only player to be playing in all 20 editions.
The 20th Amber Tournament was held in 2011 in Monaco, as was the first Amber Tournament.
Melody Amber 1992.
The first tournament was played 3–13 February in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin as a double round robin competition of rapid chess. The first round-robin was won undefeatedly by Viswanathan Anand with a score of 8/11, closely followed by Vassily Ivanchuk with 7.5 points. In the second half of the tournament, Victor Korchnoi appeared the strongest with 7/11. Anand lost three games, which allowed Ivanchuk to take over the lead in the very last round. Ivanchuk scored a total of 14/22. Anand finished second with 13.5 points, while Anatoly Karpov, Victor Korchnoi and Ljubomir Ljubojević shared third place with 12.5/22. Remarkable was the participation of 15-year old Judit Polgár, who finished 10th.
Final result: 1 Ivanchuk 14, 2 Anand 13.5, 3/5 Karpov, Korchnoi, Ljubojević 12.5, 6/7 Adams, Seirawan 11, 8/9 Piket, Polugaevsky 10, 10/11 Polgár, Speelman 8.5, 12. Larsen 8.
Melody Amber 2006.
The competitors in 2006 were the following players (world ranking at the time in brackets).
Melody Amber 2007.
The competitors in 2007 were the following players (world ranking at the time in brackets).
Melody Amber 2008.
The 17th Amber Rapid and Blindfold Chess Tournament took place March 14–28, 2008 in Nice. The competitors were the following (world ranking at the time in brackets).
Tournament books.
A book on the first tournament was published in 1992:
In the following six years (1993–1998), tournament books were published on each tournament for that year. The first four were produced by Guido den Broeder, in association with chess grandmasters such as John van der Wiel and John Nunn. The last two were produced by Dagobert Kohlmeyer, in association with John Nunn.

</doc>
<doc id="5941075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941075" title="Compounding a felony">
Compounding a felony

Compounding a felony was an offence under the common law of England and was classified as a misdemeanour. It consisted of a prosecutor or victim of an offence accepting anything of value under an agreement not to prosecute, or to hamper the prosecution of, a felony. The word "compound," in this context, means to come to a settlement or agreement.
It is not compounding for the victim to accept an offer to return of stolen property or restitution as long as there is no agreement not to prosecute.
Under the common law, compounding a felony was punishable as a misdemeanor although many states have enacted statutes that punish the offense as a felony. Compounding a misdemeanor is not a crime. However, an agreement not to prosecute a misdemeanor is unenforceable as being contrary to public policy.
It has been abolished in England and Wales, in Northern Ireland, in the Republic of Ireland, and in New South Wales. In each of these cases, it has been replaced by a statutory offence.

</doc>
<doc id="5941083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941083" title="Limia">
Limia

Limia is a genus of livebearing fishes belonging to the Cyprinodontiform family Poeciliidae, which includes other livebearers such as platys, swordtails (genus "Xiphophorous"), guppies and mollies (genus "Poecilia"). They are found in fresh and brackish water. Of the 21 described "Limia" species, 17 are endemic to Hispaniola, one is found on both Hispaniola and Jamaica, and the Cayman Islands, Cuba, and Venezuela have an endemic species each. Limias are popular in aquaria among more advanced hobbyists.
Origin and evolution.
Two schools of thought on the origin of the genus exist. The first suggests limias arose from colonization by a seawater-tolerant species that crossed over shallow waters from the North or South American mainland. The strongest evidence for this model is that of the approximately 60 species of freshwater fish in the Antilles, all of them are secondary division freshwater fish. This indicates the ancestors of all fish present on the islands at least had the ability to cross over shallow seas.
The second school of thought suggests freshwater fish in the Antilles are the descendants of mainland species that became isolated when some of the Greater Antilles split from the mainland. The virtual lack of freshwater fish fossils from the Antilles means this debate likely needs to be resolved through molecular evidence.
Mating system.
Fish in the genus Limia are lecithotrophic, meaning that there is pre-fertilization maternal provisioning in the form of yolked eggs. The female gives birth to live young, which have a higher chance of survival than eggs and earlier stage fry. Fertilization is achieved internally with the male's gonopodium, a modified anal fin used for sperm transfer. Because of the asymmetrical energy costs associated with internal fertilization, females in many Poeciliid species act as the choosy sex, with males exhibiting ornate coloration and morphology as well as elaborate courtship displays. Limias, however, mostly lack display or extreme sexual dimorphism/dichromism. Of the known species, only the Humpback Limia (L. nigrofasciata), Perugia's Limia (L. Perugiae) and the Blackbelly or Jamaican Limia (L. melanogaster) have been found to exhibit male courtship displays.
The majority of limia species rely on sneak copulation, in which the male thrusts his gonopodium into the female's genital pore without a prior display. The consequence of this system of mating can be the undermining of female choice, halting the progression of sexual selection on male traits and in some cases inhibiting speciation.
Hybrids.
Fertile hybrids have been obtained between "L. melanogaster" and both "L. nigrofasciata" and "L. vittata".
John Dawes in the UK, in his book "Livebearing Fishes", reported a "L. melanogaster" x "L. nigrofasciata" hybrid male has been mated to female green sailfin molly. Two hybrid fry were obtained, one was raised to maturity, ending up as a molly-like fish swimming with its head up at an angle of 45 degrees and was unable to maintain an even keel. This hybrid fails to inseminate molly females provided and no further hybrid offspring resulted.
Species.
There are currently 21 recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="5941095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941095" title="Clock Tower, Faisalabad">
Clock Tower, Faisalabad

The Faisalabad Clock Tower is a clock tower in Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan, and is one of the oldest monuments still standing in its original state from the period of the British Raj. It was built by the British, when they ruled much of the South Asia during the nineteenth century. 
The foundation of majestic Clock Tower was laid on 14 November 1903 by the British lieutenant governor of Punjab Sir Charles Riwaz and the biggest local landlord belonging to the Mian Family of Abdullahpur. The fund was collected at a rate of Rs. 18 per square of land. The fund thus raised was handed over to the Municipal Committee which undertook to complete the project.
The locals refer to it as "Ghanta Ghar" گھنٹہ گھر in Urdu which translates into Hour House in English. It is located in the older part of the city. The clock is placed at the center of the eight markets that from a bird's-eye view look like the Union Jack flag of the United Kingdom. This special layout still exists today and can be viewed using the latest software from Google Maps. 
During festivals of Eid and Independence Day the mayor (nazim) of Faisalabad delivers a speech at this site and hangs the flag at full mast. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941107" title="James Isaacs">
James Isaacs

James Isaacs is a music journalist and former disk jockey.
In the late 1970s and the 1980s, when WBUR, Boston University's radio station broadcast many jazz and classical music programs, James Isaacs had a jazz radio show. (In the 1990s the station made a transition to a news and talk format.)
He has written liner notes for numerous records, among them, Miles Davis' "Circle in the Round" (Columbia Records).
Additionally, he had written for "The Real Paper" (of Cambridge, Massachusetts) and "Boston Phoenix", early alternative newspapers.
On his autobiography, James said that he was inspired to start a radio program by Bill Evans' Sunday at the Village Vanguard. Also, like other musicians, he felt identified with Holden Caulfield from "The Catcher in the Rye".

</doc>
<doc id="5941111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941111" title="David Oppenheimer Elementary School">
David Oppenheimer Elementary School

David Oppenheimer Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is an elementary school. The school opened in 1959 and was named after one of the early mayors of the city, David Oppenheimer [http://www.vsb.bc.ca/schools/Elementaryschools/03939090/Profile/schooloverview.htm].
It is located at 2421 Scarboro Avenue, at the intersection with Nanaimo Street in the Victoria-Fraserview neighbourhood. As of 2011, the current school principal is Celina Mau. The school's sports teams are called the Orcas.

</doc>
<doc id="5941134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941134" title="A630 road">
A630 road

The A630 is an A road in the United Kingdom. It runs between Sheffield city centre and junction 4 of the M18 motorway passing through Rotherham and Doncaster on the way.

</doc>
<doc id="5941137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941137" title="Menagerie (DC Comics)">
Menagerie (DC Comics)

Menagerie is a name shared by two anti-heroines in the DC Universe, both members of The Elite. The two are Puerto Rican sisters who are linked with a symbiotic alien weapon crèche, called symbeasts. Both were created by Joe Kelly and Doug Mahnke.
Pam first appears in "Action Comics" #775 (March 2001). Sonja first appears in "JLA" #100 (August 2004). The sisters' surname has never been revealed.
Fictional character history.
Pamela.
The first Menagerie was a Puerto Rican woman named Pamela (last name unrevealed). While the origins of her powers are unclear in "Action Comics" #775, Manchester Black states that the rogue Men in Black (from the Department of Extranormal Operations) once picked up the dregs of society, turning them into weapons and selling them off to the highest alien bidder. Pamela was bonded to an "alien warrior cache" (or symbeasts). The beasts could be controlled to be used as weapons or to assemble into other shapes. The tale of Pam's first contact with these beasts has never been told, nor has any light been shed on the days before she met the villainous Manchester Black.
Black recruited Pam to be a member of his group of extremely powerful metahumans called the Elite. This group took it upon themselves to "free the Earth of scum." They abided no laws and thus quickly came into conflict with Superman during their first mission in Tripoli, Libya. They quickly dispatched Superman then disappeared. Superman called them to a showdown on Jupiter's moon, Io, where they seemingly killed the Man of Steel. But Superman returned triumphant. He managed to poison Menagerie and disabled the others as well. The Elite were delivered into custody, but soon released by President Lex Luthor.
Now a government operative, Black began shadowing the Man of Steel. He betrayed Luthor and reassembled the Elite one last time. During an assassination attempt on Luthor, Menagerie revealed to Superman that the Elite were acting against their wills. For her betrayal, Black induced a stroke in her, putting her in a permanent vegetative state.
Sonja.
Upon Black's apparent death, his sister, Vera Lynn Black, took it upon herself to clear the family name and reassembled the Elite as a force for good. As Sister Superior she convinced Pam's sister, Sonja to assume control of the alien cache as the second Menagerie. Vera then approached the JLA with a proposition to form a sort of black ops JLA team: the Justice League Elite. With her deep cover experience, Vera envisioned a team that could use unconventional means to combat unconventional threats.
Vera did not realize was that Menagerie's intentions were not pure. Sonja's hatred of Manchester Black became a hatred of the Elite. Sonja saw this as her opportunity to kill Vera's dream, so she played along and joined the team. This Elite became a sort of "not-exactly-sanctioned don't-ask-don't-tell covert operations unit." Their mission was to hunt and eliminate extranormal threats to the Earth before they went public. In their first mission, Menagerie secretly coaxed Coldcast into killing the foreign terrorist dictator, Hi-Shan Bhat. Coldcast retained no memory of the act, and no other members were present.
Menagerie laid low during the fallout, and put effort into her personal relationship with Coldcast. The two had become lovers and were drawn together by their shared affection for Pam. Then while most of the Elite went underground, Vera was finally fully overtaken by the disembodied Manchester Black.
While Black threatened Earth with a Fourth World god, Menagerie went mysteriously missing, and Coldcast was arrested by the JLA for Bhat's murder. In their absence, the Elite's coordinator, Naif al-Sheikh, had found DNA evidence linking Coldcast to the deed. Coldcast confessed to the murder and was taken to the Slab prison.
In the Slab, Coldcast was visited by the spirit of the recently departed Manitou Raven. Raven's magic dislodged something in Coldcast's mind and he vomited up a heap of Menagerie's symbeasts. Free from their control, he began remembering that he had been coerced by Menagerie into killing Bhat. Menagerie herself was nowhere to be found, and Coldcast rejoined the others.
It seemed Menagerie's sabotage was complete. But Manitou Raven's power led them to victory over Manchester Black. Coldcast was exonerated and the team tracked Sonja to Costa Rica. She was outnumbered and taken into JLA custody. On the Watchtower, she was deprived of the aliens and began a gradual separation they hoped would sever her connection to the beasts. It seems this will take some time, as she could only bear to be a short distance away from the cache.
Powers and abilities.
The alien symbeasts have shown a variety of effects and uses when used by either Pam or Sonja. The symbeasts can be assembled to shift over the host to form various shapes and weapons such as claws, spikes or whips. Most commonly, they form around the body and take the form of wings, enabling Menagerie to fly. She can also instruct them to take other forms, or detach from her body and attack an opponent independently.
Sonja also once used them to spy on a place of residence from afar by implanting a literal "bug" on the window. Also, she created a facsimile of a drug once from the secretion of one of her creatures for a specific "bait and switch" operation. Another creature had a bite that could force its victims to tell the truth. According to Vera Black, there was also a creature among the creche that could create bioelectric bursts. Menagerie had acidic blood as well and Sonja often allowed herself to get hurt by her opponents as a combat tactic.
The beasts have a sympathy for Pam's bloodline, as they readily bonded to her sister Sonja when Pam was hurt.
It was said that the members of the original Elite all possessed Palmer Metahuman (PM) ratings which rivaled Superman.
Menagerie (group).
During the "Forever Evil" storyline as part of "The New 52" (a reboot of the DC Comics universe), there is a group called Menagerie which is led by Cheetah. It consists of Elephant Man, Hellhound, Lion-Mane IV, Mäuschen, Primape, and Zebra-Man. Steve Trevor and Killer Frost had to fight them in order to claim Wonder Woman's lasso which is needed to save the trapped Justice League members from the Firestorm Matrix. While Steve Trevor managed to defeat Cheetah, the rest of the Menagerie were frozen by Killer Frost.

</doc>
<doc id="5941154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941154" title="Kōichi Hashimoto">
Kōichi Hashimoto


</doc>
<doc id="5941158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941158" title="Scott Robertson (concept artist)">
Scott Robertson (concept artist)

Scott Robertson (born 1966) is an American concept artist, known for his transportation design work, contributions to movies like Steven Spielberg's Minority Report, and his educational DVDs with the Gnomon Workshop.
Robertson is a graduate of Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, CA where he is the current program director of Entertainment Design.
Biography.
Scott Robertson was born in Minnesota and grew up in Plymouth. As a child his artist father, Scott, taught him how to draw and design the toys he played with. Fascinated by speed, he and his father designed and built soapbox derby cars. At the age of 14, Scott finished sixth in the world at the annual race in Akron, Ohio. In 1984 he attended Oregon State University. In addition to his studies, he was on the rowing team in the bow position.
After two and a half years at Oregon State, Scott transferred to Art Center College of Design, where his father had attended before him. He graduated with honors with a B.S. degree in Transportation Design in April 1990.
The day after graduation, Scott opened a product design consulting firm in San Francisco with friend Neville Page. Soon they were designing a variety of consumer products, the majority being durable medical goods and sporting goods. Clients included Everest-Jennings, Kestrel, Giro Sport Design, Nissan, Volvo, Yamaha, Scott USA, Schwinn, and Medical Composite Technology.
In 1995 both Scott and Neville relocated to Vevey, Switzerland to teach drawing and industrial design at Art Center, Europe. Upon the closing of ACE in the middle of 1996 they relocated to Los Angeles. Scott continues to share a studio with Neville where they do consulting work for a wide range of clients. Over the last seven years since returning from Europe, Scott’s clients have included BMW subsidiary Design-works/USA, Bell Sports, Raleigh Bicycles, Mattel Toys, Patagonia, Scifi Lab, 3DO, the feature film Minority Report, Nike, Troxel, Rock Shox, Universal Studios, OVO, Black Diamond, Angel Studios and Fiat.
Scott is married to film editor Melissa Kent and they live in Culver City.

</doc>
<doc id="5941164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941164" title="Glowria">
Glowria

glowria, operated by venture capital-backed Glow Entertainment Group SA is Continental Europe’s leading independent personalized on demand entertainment provider.
Corporate history.
glowria was launched in 2003 by Mihai Crasneanu based on the Netflix model of online DVD rental service, offering flat rate rental-by-mail to customers in France.
Through acquisition of DiViDi and inVDeo, respectively the 3rd and 4th leading online DVD rental companies in Germany, glowria has also become the second leading player in that market, in terms of subscribers.
The company’s current strategy is to expand both its subscriber base for online DVD rentals and its capabilities to provide VoD and IPTV offerings for cinema, television series, and theater programming through its website, ISPs, and cable operators throughout Europe.
In 2008 the company was bought by Netgem.
IPTV and VoD.
As one of two French companies partnering on Intel’s Viiv platform (along with CanalPlay) as well as author of its own VoD software, glowria has been at the forefront of digital video entertainment.
With digital distribution agreements from major studios including Warner Brothers, Fox, Buena Vista, and MGM and an agreement with French triple play provider EDR-IPTVSET, glowria launched the beta version of its VoD services in Pau, France in December 2005. An agreement with Neuf Cegetel, the leading alternative telecommunications company providing Internet, TV, and mobile services to more than 3 million French households and the first French company to offer digital television over broadband, was reached in June 2006. This agreement will allow glowria to provide its video on demand offerings to Neuf customers via TV over DSL and PC.
In July 2006, glowria launched its own VoD platform via the glowria.fr website. As of March 2006, the company offered 800 titles, estimating the availability of 3000 titles by the end of the year.
Rentals.
Via partnerships with both major and independent movie distributors, glowria offers over 80% of available titles, the largest catalogue in France. Subscribers may choose one of five monthly flat-fee services for rental of DVD movies at prices between 7€99 and 55€99. Limits, if any, on the number of DVDs and exchanges per month are determined by subscription level.

</doc>
<doc id="5941169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941169" title="Gumti Water Fountain">
Gumti Water Fountain

The Gumti Water Fountain is a monument in Faisalabad, Pakistan preserved from the British Raj era. It was built during the early nineteenth century and was a general meeting place of the city folk for local town meetings.
Today the sturucture still exists and has been turned into a roundabout for traffic with the water fountain still working at the center. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941174" title="Mule Day">
Mule Day

Mule Day, an annual celebration of all things related to mules, is held in Columbia, Tennessee, the self-proclaimed "Mule Capital" of the world. Begun in 1840 as "Breeder's Day", a meeting for mule breeders, it now attracts over 200,000 people and takes place over four days.
In addition to mules, traditional Appalachian food, music, dancing, and crafts are featured.
History.
"Mule Day" has been a popular Columbia tradition for nearly 170 years, since the 1840s.
It began as "Breeder's Day", a single day livestock show and mule market event held on the first Monday in May. Over time, "Mule Day" evolved from a single day event into a multi-day festival, attracting thousands of attendees, lasting almost a week. According to its official website, the heavy involvement of Maury County in the mule industry caused the event to grow for a time into "one of the largest livestock markets in the world."
In 1933, Thomas Marion Brown had the idea for a Mule Day Parade and Celebration as a way to bring in money to the community. He approached W.D. Hastings of the "Daily Herald" and J.J. Johnson to bring this event to life. They went to the Chamber of Commerce and in 1934 the First Mule Day Parade was a reality. Tom designed the Mule Day Crown which is on display in the Maury County Public Library. He was the first Grand Marshall and led the parade for about 7 years.
Mule Day suddenly gained wider notice in 2006 when the Mule Day Parade listing in the National Asset Database, a Department of Homeland Security(DHS) list of potential terrorism targets, was featured in a New York Times article.
Events.
If you visit during Mule Day celebrations, you might see a square dance, a mule-driving contest, a horse show, a crafts festival, or attend a flea market.
Other events include "working mule", "best of breed", lumberjack competitions and the Liar's Contest, a rural-themed story-telling competition.
Food served at the event includes barbecue, roasted corn, home-made pies and funnel cakes. 
Since 1934, the festival has been highlighted by a "Mule Day Parade" held on Saturday during the celebration. Floats in the parade compete, with winners in each judged category receiving awards such as ribbons or money.

</doc>
<doc id="5941176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941176" title="Imelda de' Lambertazzi">
Imelda de' Lambertazzi

"Imelda de' Lambertazzi" is a "melodramma tragico" or tragic opera in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti from a libretto by Andrea Leone Tottola, based on the tragedy "Imelda" by Gabriele Sperduti. It received its first performance on 5 September 1830 at the Teatro San Carlo, Naples.
Performance history.
The opera was not a great success and performances of it are very rare. A concert performance was given on 10 March 2007 at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London, conducted by Mark Elder, which was recorded by Opera Rara.
Synopsis.
Imelda Lambertazzi (of the family supporting the Guelfs) loves Bonifacio, heir of the Geremei (of the family supporting the Ghibelline). When Bonifacio proposes peace between the families, to be sealed by their marriage, he is met with the ire of Imelda's father and brother. When Bonifacio attempts to see Imelda, he is stabbed with a poisoned dagger by her brother. Imelda pleads for forgiveness from her father before expiring herself.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5941188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941188" title="Caterina Bandini">
Caterina Bandini

Caterina Bandini was a news anchor for WHDH Channel 7 News in Boston, Massachusetts. She would typically co-host with Randy Price. Caterina's last day at WHDH was August 3, 2006. She left because of an upcoming pregnancy in October. 
An 11-year-veteran of the station who succeeded Kim Carrigan as the station's lead female anchor in 2001 is quoted as saying ""Although putting our children and my husband first is the right choice in my head and my heart, choosing to leave the main anchor job at 7NEWS has still been an incredibly difficult decision for me to make," said Bandini. "The past 11 years here have been so fulfilling both professionally and personally. I have such respect for this organization and hope to leave with a door open, when and if the right time comes for me to return to work in a different capacity. Although many women successfully do it and have my complete respect, I know,for me, I cannot continue as one of the main anchors at 7NEWS while caring for two small babies. I thank 7 management and my partner and dear friend, Randy Price, for their continuing support during this exciting time.""

</doc>
<doc id="5941190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941190" title="Robert White (guitarist)">
Robert White (guitarist)

Robert Willie White (November 19, 1936 – October 27, 1994) was an African-American soul musician, one of the guitarists for Motown's in-house studio band, the Funk Brothers, White is best known for performing the guitar riff on The Temptations' number-one hit single "My Girl", but played the guitar on many successful Motown records, including "Can I Get a Witness" by Marvin Gaye, "You Keep Me Hangin' On" by The Supremes, "My Cherie Amour" by Stevie Wonder, "Something About You" by the Four Tops and "It's a Shame" by The Spinners.
Oscar Moore and Wes Montgomery were among White's influences. Among the guitars White used to record were the Gibson ES 335 and the Gibson L-5.
White died of complications from open heart surgery in his home town of Detroit in October 1994, aged 57.

</doc>
<doc id="5941204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941204" title="Homburg (song)">
Homburg (song)

"Homburg" was the rock band Procol Harum's follow-up single to their initial 1967 hit "A Whiter Shade of Pale". Written by pianist Gary Brooker and lyricist Keith Reid, "Homburg" reached number 5 in the UK charts, number 15 in Canada, and number 34 in the United States. It went to number one in several countries, including Australia, South Africa, and the Netherlands.
Reid's "Homburg" lyrics contains the same surreal, dream-like imagery and feelings of resignation and futility as in the debut single. The music also features Matthew Fisher's rich and deep Hammond organ, but the piano and guitar have bigger places in the overall sound. The theme is not as clearly Bach-like as in "A Whiter Shade of Pale"; nevertheless, the single was, on its release, criticised for being too similar to its predecessor. 
The B side of the single is "Good Captain Clack" which was taken from the album "Procol Harum".

</doc>
<doc id="5941217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941217" title="Qaisery Gate (Rail Bazar)">
Qaisery Gate (Rail Bazar)

The Qaisery Gate was the gate into the eight markets with the Faisalabad Clock Tower at the centre. It was built in 1857 under the commission of the British Raj in modern Faisalabad, Punjab. The entrance itself is made of reinforced concrete and painted pale yellow and light brown to give it a Mughal look. The gate original markings are still viewable at the top with the name and the date of when constructed. 
The gate is directly in front of the Faisalabad Gumti in the older part of the city. The gate and the Gumti is located on Railway Road, a large market for bathroom furniture and many banks. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941218" title="Broken Home (Papa Roach song)">
Broken Home (Papa Roach song)

"Broken Home" is the second single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's second album, "Infest", and second released single in total. While "Broken Home" was a critical and financial success it did not garner the same attention their previous debut single "Last Resort" did.
Music video.
The music video is set in Jacoby Shaddix's childhood home, with the bands performance in the house occasionally interrupted with flashbacks of his childhood, from birth to young teen, primarily focusing on his mother's and father's crumbling relationship.
It is implied that his father is an alcoholic who abuses them verbally and physically (one scene even shows him coming home drunk one night and apparently raping Jacoby's mother), and the images flash between times of relative calm and those of abuse. The father eventually leaves the house, causing the mother to break down. By the end of the song, the band is literally breaking the home, destroying the interior with their instruments.
The music video was directed by Marcos Siega.

</doc>
<doc id="5941219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941219" title="Navtilos (Antikythera)">
Navtilos (Antikythera)

Navtilos is a small volcanic islet of the Sea of Crete. The islet is located about 30 km southeast of the port of Kapsali on the island of Kythira, and 6 km northwest of the northern tip of Antikythira.

</doc>
<doc id="5941226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941226" title="United States presidential election in Michigan, 2004">
United States presidential election in Michigan, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 17 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Michigan was won by Democrat nominee John Kerry by a 3.4% margin of victory. Although no Republican carried this state in a presidential election since 1988, early polling showed the race was a toss-up, thus was considered as a possible target for the Republicans. Later polling favored Kerry, leading half of the news organizations predicted Kerry would win the state, but the other half still considered it a swing state.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Pre-election polling did show a close race early on, but in the fall election Kerry pulled away and won every poll since the month of September. The last 3 poll average showed Kerry leading 49% to 46%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $4,960,010. Kerry raised $2,496,203.
Advertising and visits.
In the fall campaign, Bush visited the state 10 times. Kerry visited 7 visits. Both candidates combined spent over $2 million in advertising each week, but Kerry spent slightly more each week.
Analysis.
The state has competitive suburban counties with a large Roman Catholic population. Kerry won this state with 51%. George W. Bush performed moderately well, but below potential, in the state winning a majority of the counties and congressional districts and performing moderately well, but below potential in suburban counties of Oakland and Macomb. Bush's lack of attention to economic issues important to Michigan voters may have been a reason for Kerry's win. Kerry won 70% of Wayne County, Detroit. Both Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush won the state of Michigan.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Bush won 10 of 15 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Michigan cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Michigan is allocated 17 electors because it has 15 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 17 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 17 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 17 were pledged for Kerry/Edwards:

</doc>
<doc id="5941237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941237" title="List of Sinhala words of Portuguese origin">
List of Sinhala words of Portuguese origin

"Note: For information on the transcription used, see National Library at Calcutta romanization. Exception from the standard are the romanization of Sinhala long "ä" () as "ää", and the non-marking of prenasalized stops."
Sinhala words of Portuguese origin came about during the period of Portuguese colonial rule in Sri Lanka between 1505–1658. This period saw rapid absorption of many Portuguese words into the local language brought about by the interaction between Portuguese colonials and the Sinhalese people, mainly in the coastal areas of the island. A wide variety of words were adopted from administrative terms to military terms, which reveals several points of contact between the two groups. In addition to influences on language, the Portuguese introduced the Catholic religion to Sri Lanka, various forms of western clothing and also contributed to the formation of Baila, a Sri Lankan form of music.
Types of loanwords.
The words pertaining to the fields of commerce, administration, botany, food and military are the most numerous; this is to be expected because of many new innovations and goods that reached Sri Lanka via the Portuguese.
However it is important to note that the range of borrowings goes beyond the scope to be expected for a situation where two neighbouring peoples exchange material goods: Firstly, there are many Portuguese loanwords pertaining to everyday and social life (kinship terms, ordinary activities etc.); secondly, many lexical words (nouns, adjectives and verbs) have also been borrowed.
The borrowing process.
Portuguese loanwords in Sinhala rarely appear in the same form as the original word, the vast majority of them having undergone naturalization. Usually, a word has undergone some kind of modification to fit into the Sinhala phonological (e.g. "bandeja" becomes "bandesiya" because the sound of the Portuguese /j/, does not exist in the Sinhala phoneme inventory) or morphological system (e.g. "lenço" becomes "lensuva" because Sinhala inanimate nouns (see grammatical gender) need to end with /a/, , in order to be declineable).
These are the main ways Portuguese words are incorporated into the Sinhala lexicon with different endings:
Adjectives that end in vowels are generally preserved in the original form.
There are over 100 words in the following list.
Proper Names.
Many Sinhalese adopted Portuguese names, especially surnames. Some are very common (e.g. Perera, De Silva). The names, however, do not necessarily denote Portuguese ancestry or religious affiliation, with many Buddhist Sinhalese having Portuguese-origin surnames.

</doc>
<doc id="5941238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941238" title="Rossendale (UK Parliament constituency)">
Rossendale (UK Parliament constituency)

Rossendale was a parliamentary constituency in the Lancashire, England. Created in 1885, it elected one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first-past-the-post voting system. When created it comprised the districts of Rawtenstall, Bacup, and Haslingden; Ramsbottom district was added to the constituency in 1950.
The constituency ceased to exist with the implementation of the 1983 boundary changes and was replaced by the Rossendale and Darwen constituency. The exact nature of the changes were as follows: 9,882 electors of the Rossendale seat were transferred to Bury North. 25,918 electors were added from the abolished Darwen constituency and 5,267 from Heywood and Royton.
Elections.
Elections in the 1910s.
General Election 1914/15:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1915. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the July 1914, the following candidates had been selected; 
Elections in the 1930s.
General Election 1939/40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by the Autumn of 1939, the following candidates had been selected; 

</doc>
<doc id="5941250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941250" title="Sydney Park (disambiguation)">
Sydney Park (disambiguation)

Sydney Park could refer to:
Places in Sydney, Australia.
People

</doc>
<doc id="5941258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941258" title="Woodall services">
Woodall services

Woodall services is a motorway service station on the M1 motorway near Sheffield. It lies between junctions 30 and 31. It was opened in 1968 by Trust House Forte but was renamed Welcome Break after the takeover of the company. 
Woodall is also one of the few service stations to have a Burger King, KFC and a McDonalds. The Northbound side has a McDonalds (open 24 hours) and a KFC, with the Southbound side having a Burger King and a KFC. Both sides of the service station are linked by footbridge. 
Access to Woodall services can be obtained using both the Northbound and Southbound carriageways.
The service station had in all 211 employees in 2008.
The service station is one of fourteen for which large murals were commissioned from artist David Fisher in the 1990s, designed to reflect the local area and history.

</doc>
<doc id="5941261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941261" title="Arsinoitheriidae">
Arsinoitheriidae

Arsinoitheriidae is a family of extinct hoofed mammals belonging to the extinct order Embrithopoda. Remains have been found in the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Romania. When alive, they would have had a great, albeit very superficial, resemblance to the modern rhinoceros. Despite this, they were not closely related to rhinoceri (or any other perissodactyl), instead being more related to hyraxes, elephants, sirenians, and desmostylians.
Fossil record.
Arsinoitheres first appeared in the fossil record during the Middle Eocene, with the teeth of the primitive "Palaeoamasia" found in Turkey. The last genus is "Arsinoitherium", itself, being first found in the Latest Eocene of the Fayum, then disappearing from the fossil record altogether before the end of the Early Oligocene. "Crivadiatherium" is known from some teeth found in the Romanian province of Transylvania in the same Late Eocene deposits where the western-most brontothere, "Brachydiastematherium" was found.
Etymology.
The name honors the wife of Ptolemy II, Queen Arsinoe II of Egypt, where the first fossils of "Arsinoitherium" were found near the ruins of her palace.

</doc>
<doc id="5941262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941262" title="Julie Berthelsen">
Julie Berthelsen

Julie Ivalo Broberg Berthelsen also known by her mononym Julie (born June 7, 1979) is a Danish-born Greenlandic pop singer and songwriter. She is known largely for her success on the TV series "Popstars". Although she finished in second place, she has become more popular and successful than the first place winner. She grew up in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland.
Julie has given a variety of performances, the most noteworthy of which was at Christiansborg Palace, in front of the Danish Royal family for the wedding of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary in May 2004.
Discography.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="5941274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941274" title="Remote Control (The Tubes album)">
Remote Control (The Tubes album)

Remote Control is the fifth album released by The Tubes. This was their first to be produced by the studio "wizard" Todd Rundgren (the other being 1985's "Love Bomb"). It is a concept album about a television-addicted idiot savant based on the book "Being There" by Jerzy Kosinski.
Although "Rolling Stone" panned the album upon its release in 1979, calling it "drearily obvious" and "stale", two years later the same magazine loved it, limiting its praise of the subsequent album, "The Completion Backward Principle", by saying, good as it was, "topping "Remote Control" will be difficult." Allmusic gives it four stars. Crawdaddy called it "a pop/rock masterpiece."
The track "Prime Time" made #34 in the UK singles chart.
The cover of "Remote Control" depicts a baby watching "The Hollywood Squares" in a specially made "Vidi-Trainer". The back cover is a close-up photo of the show's game board with eight members of the Tubes each sitting in different squares. The lower right corner square remained unoccupied with the band's name on the front. (Three members of the band- Waybill, Spooner and Steen- later appeared as panelists on the actual game show in the late 70s.)
2013 CD reissue on Iconoclassic.
In April 2013 Iconoclassic reissued "Remote Control" in full with bonus tracks, an expanded booklet including comments from Fee Waybill, Michael Cotten and Bill Spooner. The reissue was mastered by Vic Anesini from the original master tapes and featured four tracks from the unreleased "Suffer for Sound" album. These tracks were self produced as the follow up to "Remote Control" and the finished album was rejected by A&M which released a compilation featuring Bly one track from "Suffer for Sound" instead.
Bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="5941308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941308" title="KKS 1925 Kalisz">
KKS 1925 Kalisz

KKS Włókniarz 1925 Kalisz is a Polish football club based in Kalisz, Poland. The club is currently playing in the Klasa Okręgowa.

</doc>
<doc id="5941337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941337" title="Australian smelt">
Australian smelt

Australian smelt, "Retropinna semoni", is a small, pelagic silvery freshwater fish found in large numbers in waters of the south eastern Australian mainland.
Distribution.
Widely distributed through the south eastern part of the Australian mainland. The species is found in coastal drainages from the south east corner of South Australia through Victoria, New South Wales to the Fitzroy River in south east Queensland. It occurs widely in the Murray River and its tributaries and up the Darling as far upstream as Wilcannia. There are isolated populations in the Coopers Creek which drains into Lake Eyre and several smaller ones in north-western New South Wales and southern Queensland. Recent genetic research indicates Australian smelt stocks are composed of 5 highly genetically distinct and as yet undescribed species (Hammer "et al.", 2007).
Physical description.
A small silvery fish to 75 mm total length, very occasionally to 100 mm. In Coopers Creek usually only to 50 mm.
Habitat.
Often found in large schools, this pelagic species prefers slow moving or still waters. It is often found in billabongs, dams and lakes at various salinity levels and in the lower reaches of rivers and streams. Although there have been some reports of diadromous populations, this fish usually completes its entire life cycle in freshwater.
Diet.
Small aquatic insects, micro crustaceans and a variety of planktonic organisms.
Reproduction.
Spawns in spring at water temperatures in excess of 15°C. Eggs are demersal, adhesive, spherical and transparent, about 0.8 mm diameter to 1 mm when water hardened. Eggs fall to the bottom and stick to instream debris, vegetation and the substrate. Females lay between 100 to 1000 eggs. Hatching occurs at about 9 to 10 days and larvae are around 4.5 to 5 mm total length.
Importance to humans.
This species has some potential as an aquarium species. Ideally suited to use as an effective mosquito predator in ponds in south eastern Australia, especially where frogs are encountered. Not suitable for use in a community tank, best kept as a school of fish in a single species situation.

</doc>
<doc id="5941343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941343" title="Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College">
Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College

Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College was established in 1996 by Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust under the stewardship of Dr. M. Mohanbabu, a film artist and former member of Rajyasabha.The college is situated in lush green and scenic surroundings, 16 km from the famous temple-town of Tirupati.
The college is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Anantapur, A.P. and is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi. Five branches have NBA accreditation.It offers 10 B.Tech programs, 8 M.Tech programs and MCA program with faculty strength of over 291 and total intake of 1686
The college was conferred autonomous status in 2010. 
The B.tech Programs offered are:
The Intakes are done through EAMCET. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941350" title="Bobby Tulloch">
Bobby Tulloch

Robert John Tulloch MBE (4 January 1929 – 21 May 1996) was a naturalist from the Shetland Islands, in the north of Scotland. He was born on a croft at Aywick on the eastern side of Yell, as the oldest of four children, and lived much of his life in the village of Mid Yell.
Tulloch started as an apprentice baker and remained in the trade until 1964 when he was appointed as Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) Warden in Shetland. He was especially associated with the Snowy Owls that started breeding on the island of Fetlar in the mid-1960s. He featured in a number of BBC Natural History Unit programmes.
Bobby Tulloch was an artist, boatman, musician, naturalist, photographer, storyteller and writer. In 1994, he was awarded an MBE.

</doc>
<doc id="5941352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941352" title="International Union of Microbiological Societies">
International Union of Microbiological Societies

The International Union of Microbiological Societies (IUMS), founded in 1927 as the International Society of Microbiology, is one of 27 Scientific Unions () of the International Council of Science.
"The objectives of the Union are to promote the study of microbiological sciences internationally: initiate, facilitate and coordinate research and other scientific activities which involve international cooperation; ensure the discussion and dissemination of the results of international conferences, symposia and meetings and assist in the publication of their reports; represent microbiological sciences in ICSU and maintain contact with other international organizations."
IUMS activities include the classification and nomenclature of bacteria, fungi and viruses, food microbiology, medical microbiology and diagnostics, culture collections, education, and biological standardization.
The IUMS has three divisions:
These divisions each have their own set of officers and objectives. Each division is responsible for the organization of their own International Congresses. They work together toward the goal of furthering microbiology research and communication globally. 
In addition to the three divisions, the IUMS also conducts scientific activities through the following:
The president-elect of IUMS is Professor Geoffrey L. Smith of Imperial College London.

</doc>
<doc id="5941354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941354" title="Johnny Griffith (musician)">
Johnny Griffith (musician)

Johnny Griffith (July 10, 1936 – November 10, 2002) was an African-American musician.
Biography.
Born in Detroit, Griffith played piano and keyboards for Motown Records' in-house Funk Brothers studio band. Among the hundreds of Motown recordings Griffith played on are "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" by Marvin Gaye, "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)" by Four Tops, and "Stop! In the Name of Love" by The Supremes.
Griffith played the Steinway grand piano, the Hammond B-3 organ, the Wurlitzer electric piano, the Fender Rhodes, and the celeste and harpsichord. His musical influences included Bud Powell, Glenn Gould, and Oscar Peterson.
Griffith died of a heart attack in a Detroit hospital on November 10, 2002. He was 66 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5941361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941361" title="Crosby &amp; Nash (album)">
Crosby &amp; Nash (album)

Crosby & Nash is a double album released by David Crosby and Graham Nash of CSNY in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5941363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941363" title="Chenab Club">
Chenab Club

The Chenab Club is a social club in Faisalabad, Pakistan. It was the first such club established in Faisalabad. It still exists today and is used by the elite society of Faisalabad.
History.
During the first decade of the 20th century, Mr. Henry Cues (1904–1906), the first deputy commissioner (D.C.) of Faisalabad, established a social club where the British officers serving in "Sandal Bar" could gather at their leisure. In December 1909, Captain Dugglis was appointed as new D.C. of Faisalabad. The club was built for off-duty British officers and was construction was paid for by the officers themselves.
In March 1910, the club was established in Qaisary Bagh (Now Company Bagh/Jinnah Gardens). The land for this purpose was acquired from Irrigation Department.
Club activities.
The Chenab Club offers a variety of activities to all of its members. The sports facilities include tennis, swimming, basketball,squash court, badminton and table tennis. The modernly equipped male and female gyms, running and walking tracks are there for health conscious people. There are entertainment activities like indoor and outdoor cinema. Club hosts a moderate sized library with some rare books. There are certain restaurants providing Chinese, Pakistani/Indian, BBQ and Continental cuisine to food lovers. Tambula is being held regularly on each Friday and a grand tambula has also been arranged with attractive prizes. Apart from this Annual Family Dinner is also arranged in which only pairs are allowed to attend.
Every year the club holds a big festival on its anniversary. In the festival a lot of celebrities are invited to entertain people, most of the activities include concerts, stand up comedy, theater, Mushaira and dialogue sessions with some important people from different areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5941367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941367" title="She Loves Me Not (song)">
She Loves Me Not (song)

"She Loves Me Not" is the first single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's third album, "Lovehatetragedy", and fourth released single in total. Originally written as part of 5 track promo/demo CD funded by Warner Bros. Records in 1999, "She Loves Me Not" was re-recorded and improved for its new release in 2002. It was left off their first album, "Infest" (2000), because the band thought the song was too rock-oriented. The song appeared in the popular soundtrack for the game NHL 2003. The song is one of the few songs from Lovehatetragedy where it shows Jacoby Shaddix rapping. But unlike many songs from Infest and their next single Time And Time Again, the song begins just with Jacoby Shaddix singing and then goes to the chorus, Jacoby raps in the bridge of the song. The song is basically about Jacoby Shaddix wife Kelly Shaddix which both of them argue a lot and sometimes Jacoby Shaddix thinks that his wife likes him a lot and then don't like him a lot referring to the name She Loves Me Not. 
Music video.
The video for "She Loves Me Not" shows the band playing in a run down theme park which people are using as a social area. The content is mostly performanced based with cuts to people in the park who are vandalising it, fighting, etc. It was directed by David Meyers.
This is the only music video by Papa Roach which features a blonde Jacoby Shaddix.
Freeze frame.
At 3 points in the video, a person appears out of nowhere in front of the camera for a single frame, similar to methods used in subliminal messaging.
The first two appearances are the same man with his face painted like a skull appearing when Jacoby finishes the lines "Will this be an amputation?" in the first verse (0:34) and "I'm the jerk" in the first chorus.
The last person is a woman with red and black hair and feather scarves appearing at about 2:08, the same woman appears watching the sumo wrestlers at about 1:10.
Other strange single frame appearances are commonplace throughout the video, including two ghostly figures on the bottom left of the frame at 0:26 and 1:05. (These may also be the ghostly figures at appear in the background at 2:20). Another figure appears at 2:30 on the right side of the tree then vanishes. Or, at about 3:07, when the band plays and dances, you can see a white guy dancing with them. This occurs again at about 3:31, right after the song ends.

</doc>
<doc id="5941393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941393" title="Vodnik (sports society)">
Vodnik (sports society)

Vodnik (; English: Water transport worker) was the All-Union Voluntary Sports Society of Trade Unions of the sea and river transport. Established in 1938, when two VSS, Moryak (English: Sailor) and Vympel (English:Pennant), were combined. There were about 1,500 physical culture collectives in Vodnik in 1971, which were created in seaports, enterprises and educational institutions of the sea and river transport (including 848 ones on large sea-going ships). These collectives united about 200,000 athletes. Vodnik had 26 stadiums, 103 sports halls, five swimming pools. 
The present professional bandy club Vodnik Arkhangelsk used to be a part of the Vodnik Sports Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5941401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941401" title="Sydney Park (actress)">
Sydney Park (actress)

Sydney Park born October 31, 1997 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to an African American mother and a Korean American father is an American actress and comedian.
Career.
Park got her start in 2003 when she was the "Youngest comedian to ever perform at the famous Hollywood Improv". In 2006, she auditioned for the first season of American reality competition "America's Got Talent" under the stage name "Syd the Kid", where she had advanced on to the semi-finals. Park had to drop out due to her acting career. She made her television debut on the teen sitcom "That's So Raven" in 2006.
In 2010, Park was hired to play Ellie Danville, the adopted daughter of Detective Jo Danville In 2010, Park also starred as "Tootsie Roll" in the independent dark-comedy "Spork". 
As of 2013, Park is starring as Gabby in the Nick@Nite show "Instant Mom".

</doc>
<doc id="5941409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941409" title="Faisalabad railway station">
Faisalabad railway station

Faisalabad railway station 
() is located in Faisalabad city (formerly Lyallpur), Punjab province of Pakistan on Khanewal-Wazirabad branch railway line. It was built during the British rule in 1896.
The station is used to take people to all parts of Pakistan from Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Islamabad, Quetta, Peshawar and many more cities and towns of Pakistan. Administrative office of Faislabad section of Pakistan Railways is also located in the station building that is headed by an Assistant Operation Officer (AOO).
A large amount of cargo is exported and imported into Faisalabad with many deliveries a day from all parts of the Pakistan.
Facilities.
The Faisalabad railway station has all basic facilities. A parking lot is here to park vehicles. It has Current and Advance Reservation Offices for book seats in trains. Food and drink stalls and book Shops are found on it platforms. Cargo and Parcel service is also available here.

</doc>
<doc id="5941411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941411" title="Brian Scully">
Brian Scully

Brian Scully (born West Springfield, Massachusetts) is an American television writer and producer. 
Scully initially worked as a TV salesman before eventually getting a job writing on "Out of This World". After the show was canceled, Scully was unemployed for over a year but a residual payment of $20,000 for "Out of This World" reruns helped pay his health insurance costs after his wife gave birth to their premature child. He has written episodes for "The Simpsons" (such as "Lost Our Lisa") and "Complete Savages". He has produced "The Drew Carey Show" and "The Pitts". He is the older brother of long-time "The Simpsons" writer and showrunner Mike Scully, and has a second brother called Neil. He currently works on "Family Guy" as a writer and co-executive producer. 
"The Simpsons" episodes.
Brian Scully wrote the following episodes for "The Simpsons":
"Family Guy" episodes.
Brian Scully wrote the following episodes for "Family Guy":

</doc>
<doc id="5941412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941412" title="Daniel Fernandez">
Daniel Fernandez

Daniel D. Fernandez (June 30, 1944 – February 18, 1966) was a United States Army soldier in the Vietnam War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. Fernandez was awarded the medal for his actions in Hậu Nghĩa province, Republic of Vietnam, in February 1966 — throwing himself on a live grenade, he sacrificed his life to save lives of the soldiers around him.
Biography.
Born in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on June 30, 1944, Fernandez grew up in nearby Los Lunas. He had two younger brothers, Peter and James.
Fernandez joined the Army from Albuquerque in 1962 and by 1966 was on his second tour of duty in Vietnam. During that deployment, he served as a specialist four in Company C, 1st Battalion, 5th Infantry Regiment (Mechanized), 25th Infantry Division. On February 18, 1966, in Củ Chi, Hậu Nghĩa province, his 16-man patrol was ambushed by a Viet Cong rifle company and forced to fall back. Fernandez and two others volunteered to follow a sergeant back to the ambush site and rescue a wounded soldier who had been left behind. After reaching the injured man, the sergeant was shot in the knee and Fernandez took over command of the patrol. All five men were pinned down by heavy fire when a rifle grenade landed in their midst. In the scramble to get away from the device, Fernandez accidentally kicked it closer to the rest of the group. He then shouted "move out", jumped over the immobile sergeant, and threw himself on the grenade. He was killed in the resulting explosion, but successfully saved the lives of his fellow soldiers.
For this action, Fernandez was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in November 1966. He was the first of nine Mexican Americans to receive the medal in Vietnam.
A Requiem Mass was held for Fernandez at Los Lunas High School prior to his burial at Santa Fe National Cemetery. His name is inscribed on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial ("The Wall") on Panel 05E, Row 046.
Honors.
In Fernandez's hometown of Los Lunas, a number of structures have been named in his honor. In March 1966, the newly opened Los Lunas Junior High School was renamed Daniel Fernandez Junior High School in his honor. It has since been reorganized as Daniel Fernandez Intermediate School. A park and recreation facility, Daniel Fernandez Memorial Park, was dedicated in 1972. The local Veterans of Foreign Wars post bears his name, as does a road, Fernandez Street.
Students at Daniel Fernandez Intermediate School wrote of biography of him, titled "Man of Honor: The Story of Daniel Fernandez", which was published in 2009 by Author House Publishing.
Medal of Honor citation.
His official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Sp4c. Fernandez demonstrated indomitable courage when the patrol was ambushed by a Viet Cong rifle company and driven back by the intense enemy automatic weapons fire before it could evacuate an American soldier who had been wounded in the Viet Cong attack. Sp4c. Fernandez, a sergeant and 2 other volunteers immediately fought their way through devastating fire and exploding grenades to reach the fallen soldier. Upon reaching their fallen comrade the sergeant was struck in the knee by machine gun fire and immobilized. Sp4c. Fernandez took charge, rallied the left flank of his patrol and began to assist in the recovery of the wounded sergeant. While first aid was being administered to the wounded man, a sudden increase in the accuracy and intensity of enemy fire forced the volunteer group to take cover. As they did, an enemy grenade landed in the midst of the group, although some men did not see it. Realizing there was no time for the wounded sergeant or the other men to protect themselves from the grenade blast, Sp4c. Fernandez vaulted over the wounded sergeant and threw himself on the grenade as it exploded, saving the lives of his 4 comrades at the sacrifice of his life. Sp4c. Fernandez' profound concern for his fellow soldiers, at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty are in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and reflect great credit upon himself and the Armed Forces of his country.

</doc>
<doc id="5941414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941414" title="Bayakoa">
Bayakoa

Bayakoa (October 10, 1984 - June 14, 1997) was a Thoroughbred Champion racehorse bred in Argentina. A descendant of the very important sire Nearco through both her sire and dam, after racing successfully in Argentina, Bayakoa was sold to Americans Janis and Frank Whitham.
Racing in the United States, she was trained by U.S. Hall of Famer Ron McAnally. She won the 1989 and 1990 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Older Female Horse, winning the Breeders' Cup Distaff in both of those years. During the 1990 Breeders' Cup Distaff at Belmont Park, she vied with Go For Wand for the lead. After they came off of the final turn and entered the last furlong, Go For Wand's leg shattered near the spot on the track where the great Ruffian is buried. Bayakoa continued on to the wire, and Go For Wand was euthanized. Her trainer, Ron McAnally, said after this traumatic race, "These horses give their lives for our entertainment."
Bayakoa is ranked Number 95 in Blood-Horse magazine's top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century.
Retired to broodmare duty, she produced four foals: Trinity Place (m. 1992, by Strawberry Road), De Sarmiento (c. 1993, by Seattle Slew), Morocha (m. 1995, by Kris S.), and Arlucea (m. 1997, by Broad Brush) before her death from laminitis (foundered) in 1997.
Bayakoa was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5941416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941416" title="Aywick">
Aywick

Aywick is a small settlement on the east side of Yell, an island forming part of the Shetland Islands north of Scotland. 
The naturalist Bobby Tulloch was born and grew up in Aywick.

</doc>
<doc id="5941424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941424" title="Bande à Part (album)">
Bande à Part (album)

Bande à Part is Nouvelle Vague's second album, released in 2006. Like their eponymous first album, it is a collection of bossa nova cover versions of 1980s new wave tracks. The "Dance with Me" video uses a dance scene of Jean-Luc Godard's film "Bande à part".
Track listing.
The French / UK edition has 14 tracks, with an 18-track limited edition. The slightly different U.S. edition, on the Luaka Bop label, had 14 tracks, with a 17-track limited edition.

</doc>
<doc id="5941427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941427" title="Bobby Wilson (defensive tackle)">
Bobby Wilson (defensive tackle)

Robert Wilson (born March 4, 1968 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football defensive tackle who played in the National Football League. He was drafted in the first round (seventeenth overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.
Wilson played college football at Michigan State University and played with the Redskins from 1991-94. He was a member of the 1991 Redskins team that won Super Bowl XXVI.

</doc>
<doc id="5941445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941445" title="WWTD-LD">
WWTD-LD

WWTD-LD is a low-powered digital television station in Washington, D.C., broadcasting locally on channel 14. The station is owned by DC Broadcasting, Inc. which itself is wholly owned by Syncomm Media and Christopher Blair of Denver, Colorado.
The station was granted its initial construction permit in 1990. At the time, it was owned by one Robert E. Kelly of Annandale, Virginia, and was licensed to Annapolis, Maryland with the callsign W63BP. The station never made it to air; the permit, initially scheduled to expire in January 1991, was extended multiple times through 1995. At that point, the FCC denied a further request for extension, the permit expired, and the station was deleted from the FCC database. The construction permit was again applied for and granted in 2001, at which point the station actually began broadcasting. The station went silent again in 2004, and Kelly sold it the following year to DC Broadcasting, its current owners. During this time, the station was moved onto channel 49 and into Washington itself.
Channel 49 went back on the air in 2006. It was the flagship station of the WUFO TV Network, which was on the air for nine months during 2007–2008. The network was funded and programmed by Mike Gravino. The WUFO TV Network aired an eclectic mix of "alternative knowledge" programming, including information about UFO's, crop-circles, alternative history, new science, alternative religion, environmental and social activism, human potential and sci-fi, until August 10, 2008, when the network stopped over-the-air broadcasts.
WWTD-LP was then leased to Allbritton Communications Company, who turned it into an analog relay of local ABC affiliate WJLA in late October 2008. However, that lease and the ABC transmissions ended on February 9, 2009. After WJLA's lease on WWTD expired, WWTD was made dark.
Before the digital transition, WWTD-LP was granted a construction permit for a corresponding digital signal on channel 38. The station was later displaced by WMAR to channel 14, as any low-powered station must move if a full-powered station wants its channel allocation. A digital signal on that channel was signed-on on July 19, 2011, using PSIP to display on receivers as channels 49.1 to 49.4. The station currently broadcasts the QVC shopping channel on both 49.1 and 49.3, and New Tang Dynasty Television on channel 49.2.

</doc>
<doc id="5941459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941459" title="Idolblog">
Idolblog

Idolblog is an unofficial blog site dedicated to the talent search television show "NZ Idol". Since its launch in 2004, the site has attracted a dedicated community and its popularity has led to national media coverage in New Zealand.
After the first season of "NZ Idol" ended in 2004, "New Zealand Listener" columnist Russell Brown cited Idolblog as an example of how fan-run sites can build communities around programmes more effectively than broadcasters, claiming the site generated "a degree of engagement that the official Idol website never achieved". The site was featured on the TV2 programme "Flipside", and mentioned in the "New Zealand Herald" as a notable source of opinions on "NZ Idol".
Idolblog won the 2004 "NetGuide" Web Award for Best Youth Site, and was a finalist in the 2006 NetGuide Web Award for Best Blog. In 2005, Nielsen//NetRatings ranked Idolblog as the sixth New Zealand website by average session duration.
Idolblog was created by Auckland-based couple Rachel Cunliffe, a website designer and University of Auckland senior tutor in the Department of Statistics, and Regan Cunliffe, who runs a web hosting and design company.
After the final season of NZ Idol aired in 2006, the site has remained as an online tribute to the show and its fanbase. Only parts of the website are still functional. The site now provides commentary and recaps during the American Idol seasons.
Controversies.
In 2004, an Idolblog member exposed that "NZ Idol" runner-up Michael Murphy's debut single "So Damn Beautiful" had previously been released by Austin, Texas band Vallejo; the song had been promoted as an original by Murphy's manager Paul Ellis. The resulting controversy attracted press coverage both within New Zealand and internationally.
In 2006, Idolblog's maintainers issued a legal warning to its members after potentially defamatory statements were posted on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="5941468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941468" title="Stanley Richard">
Stanley Richard

Stanley Palmer Richard (born October 21, 1967 in Mineola, Texas) also known as the "Sheriff," is a retired American football safety in the National Football League. Richard played at the University of Texas from 1987–90, where he was an All-American safety in 1990. He was drafted 9th overall by the San Diego Chargers in the 1991 NFL Draft and played with the Chargers from 1991-94. He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an unrestricted free agent on March 10, 1995 and played with the Redskins from 1995-98. He retired following the 1998 season. He had 21 career interceptions returned for 352 yards and two touchdowns. Richard currently resides in Hawkins, Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="5941476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941476" title="Man Alive!">
Man Alive!

Man Alive! is a Stephen Stills solo album released in 2005. It featured guest appearances by Herbie Hancock, Graham Nash, and Neil Young.

</doc>
<doc id="5941477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941477" title="Bellah">
Bellah

Bellah is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5941484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941484" title="Uriel Jones">
Uriel Jones

Uriel Jones (June 13, 1934 – March 24, 2009) was an African-American musician. Jones was a recording session drummer for Motown's in-house studio band, the Funk Brothers, during the 1960s and early 1970s.
Jones was first hired by Motown as a fill-in for principal drummer Benny Benjamin; along with Richard "Pistol" Allen, he moved up the line as recordings increased and Benjamin's health deteriorated. Jones had a hard-hitting, funky sound, best heard on the tracks for the hits "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" - both versions, by Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell in 1967 and the 1970 remake by Diana Ross, "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" by Marvin Gaye, "Cloud Nine" by the Temptations (in which he was augmented by "Spider" Webb), Jr. Walker's "Home Cookin'," "I Second That Emotion" by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles, "For Once In My Life" by Stevie Wonder, and many more. His influences included jazz drummer Art Blakey. For his Motown recordings, Jones performed on a studio set composed of Ludwig, Slingerland, Rogers and Gretsch components. Jones became better known to music fans through his appearance in the feature documentary film, "Standing In The Shadows Of Motown".
In 2008, he performed on the Carl Dixon BandTraxs session at Studio A, Dearborn Heights, Detroit, where he and fellow drummer Spider Webb helped complete Dixon's dreams of paying homage to musicians from the city. In addition to Jones, on the session were others including Dennis Coffey, Bob Babbitt, Ray Monette, Robert Jones, Spider Webb, George Katsakis (The Royaltones), Gil Bridges (Rare Earth), Dennis Sheridan, Larry Fratangelo, John Trudell, David Jennings, Mark Burger, George Benson, Ed Gooch and Rob Pipho. Also ex Motown arranger David Van De Pitte, scored the musical arrangements around the original UK demos he was sent, and led the band in the studio.
Jones died aged 74 at Oakwood Hospital & Medical Center in Dearborn, Michigan, after suffering complications from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="5941490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941490" title="Held">
Held

Held may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5941492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941492" title="Ner-A-Car">
Ner-A-Car

The Ner-A-Car was a type of feet forwards motorcycle designed by Carl Neracher in 1918. About 10,000 of these motorcycles were manufactured in the United States by the Ner-A-Car Corporation under the Neracar name, while around 6,500 are believed to have been produced in England under licence in England by the Sheffield-Simplex company between 1921 and 1926 under the Ner-A-Car name.
Design.
The design had several unusual features, including a friction drive transmission, and a low-slung perimeter frame chassis that was closer to those found on contemporary cars than other motorcycles. It also featured the first production example of hub-center steering on a motorcycle. The low-slung frame, front suspension, hub-center steering, and long wheelbase contributed to the cycle's exceptional stability.
While similar in concept to a continuously variable transmission, the friction drive transmission has five fixed indents corresponding to pre-set drive ratios.
Manufacture and promotion.
Neracher licenced his design to Sheffield-Simplex to manufacture Ner-A-Cars for the British and Commonwealth markets before he could find any investors to manufacture them in the United States. Eventually, a group of investors, including King C. Gillette and Crouse-Hinds Company founder Huntington B. Crouse, funded the Ner-A-Car Corporation, which began production of Neracars in October 1921.
The Ner-A-Car was marketed as a low cost alternative to a motor car. The advertizers publicized the Ner-A-Car's step-through design and its protection from road grime and engine fluids, both of which allowed riders to wear ordinary clothes, including skirts, cassocks, and kilts, while riding the cycle.
Erwin G. "Cannonball" Baker rode a Neracar from Staten Island, New York, to Los Angeles, California, in the autumn of 1922. The journey of 3,364.4 miles took 174 hours and one minute to complete, with operating costs totalling $15.70 at the time. Baker later started a Neracar dealership in Los Angeles.
The Ner-A-Car won several medals for reliability in long-distance road trials, including the team prize in the 1925 ACU 1000 mile Stock Machine Trial.
Models.
The Ner-A-Car Corporation in Syracuse made three models of Neracar. The Type A had solo seating, the original 221 cc two-stroke engine, one headlight, and one taillight. The Type B had a larger engine, two seats, and two headlights. A commercial version, the Type CB, had a pair of headlights, a pair of drum brakes on the rear wheel, and a steel utility box rated to carry 150 pounds.
In the US a 255 cc model was introduced in 1924.
A five-speed Ner-A-Car was advertised as a "Christmas Special" for US$175 in November 1927.
British licencee Sheffield-Simplex began production of Ner-A-Cars in 1921 with the original American design with the 221 cc two-stroke engine and the friction drive transmission In 1923 the engine was enlarged to 285 cc, with a 70 mm bore and a 74 mm stroke.
Sheffield-Simplex developed a new version with a Blackburne four-stroke side-valve engine, displacing 348 cc with a 71 mm bore and an 88 mm stroke, driving through a three-speed Sturmey-Archer manual transmission. This version was introduced in 1925 as the Model C, with the earlier two-stroke friction-drive model continuing as the Model B. A Sports C, with an overhead-valve version of the Model C engine, was also offered.
A de-luxe model was introduced in 1926 with swingarm rear suspension controlled by quarter-elliptic leaf springs, a bucket seat wit air cushions, and a fairing with an adjustable Triplex windshield and an instrument panel. The addition of rear suspension increased the wheelbase of the de-luxe model to 
Production of the Ner-A-Car at Sheffield-Simplex ended in the autumn of 1926.
Around 50 Ner-a-Cars were known to survive in England in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5941503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941503" title="Phillip Bimstein">
Phillip Bimstein

Phillip Bimstein (born 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American alternative classical music composer and politician.
History.
After majoring in music theory and composition at the Chicago Conservatory of Music, in the 1980s Bimstein led the new wave band Phil 'n' the Blanks, whose three albums and six videos were featured on college radio and MTV. After further studies at UCLA in composition, orchestration, and conducting, he moved to southern Utah. 
Bimstein has served two terms as Mayor of Springdale, Utah, where he currently resides. As Mayor, he was an outspoken advocate for protection of the environment and he has testified twice before Congress in support of Utah's wilderness. Bimstein has served as chair of the Utah Humanities Council, chair of the art and humanities residency center The MESA, vice-president of the American Music Center in New York, and is profiled in Who's Who in America. He is a frequent guest speaker on creativity, community, and collaboration. He has been described by Outside Magazine as "America's only all-natural politician-composer." In a 1997 feature article PARADE magazine called Bimstein, "The Man Who Brought Civility Back to Town." 
As a composer, Bimstein has received grants and awards from the National Endowment for the Arts, Meet The Composer, American Composers Forum, and Austria’s Prix Ars Electronica. His music has been performed at Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the Kennedy Center, the Bang on a Can Festival, the Aspen Music Festival, and London’s Royal Opera House. 
His "Garland Hirschi’s Cows" CD was released by Starkland in 1996. It received favorable reviews in such publications as Stereo Review, Wired, Fanfare, and Stereophile.
In 1997 Bimstein was awarded Meet The Composer's largest grant, the three-year New Residencies, during which he composed music that explores the intimate relationship between the landscapes of the desert southwest and the many cultures that have inhabited the area.
Ensembles who have performed Bimstein's works include Relâche, Turtle Island String Quartet, Modern Mandolin Quartet, Present music, Abramyan String Quartet, Sierra Winds, Equinox Chamber Players, The California EAR Unit, and Corky Siegel's Chamber Blues.
In 2000, Bimstein received a Continental Harmony grant from the American Composers Forum, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the White House Millennium Council to write "The Bushy Wushy Rag", a work celebrating baseball and the city of St. Louis. It was featured in a nationally broadcast PBS special in October 2001. Bimstein also performs and writes for the chamber folk quartet blue haiku.
The all-Bimstein CD "Larkin Gifford's Harmonica" was released by Starkland in 2006. In The New York Times review of the CD, Steve Smith wrote of "the irresistible charm of Mr. Bimstein's music" and "his uncanny knack for finding the music of everyday life."

</doc>
<doc id="5941516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941516" title="David McKittrick">
David McKittrick

David McKittrick (born 1949) is a Belfast-born journalist who has reported on Northern Ireland since 1971.
Professional career.
McKittrick began his career as a reporter for the "East Antrim Times". He joined the "Irish Times" in 1973 as a reporter in Belfast, becoming Northern editor in 1976 and London editor in 1981. He worked briefly for BBC Northern Ireland between 1985 and 1986, before joining "The Independent". He has since worked as the paper's Irish correspondent. 
Widely recognised by those with a similar point-of-view for the scope of his knowledge and the balance of his reporting on Northern Ireland, he contributes regularly to overseas newspapers and journals. His many awards include the Christopher Ewart-Biggs Memorial Prize for the promotion of peace and understanding in Northern Ireland, 1989 and 2001; Correspondent of the Year, 1999; and the 2000 Orwell Prize for Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="5941523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941523" title="Chambon, Charente-Maritime">
Chambon, Charente-Maritime

Chambon is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="5941528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941528" title="Faith Baldwin">
Faith Baldwin

Faith Baldwin (October 1, 1893 – March 18, 1978) was a very successful U.S. author of romance and fiction, publishing some 100 novels, often concentrating on women juggling career and family. "The New York Times" said that her books had "never a pretense at literary significance" and were popular because they "enabled lonely working people, young and old, to identify with her glamorous and wealthy characters."
Biography.
She began her career writing for "women's magazines" that produced romance novels as six-part serials. In 1935, she was described as the newest of the "highly paid" women romance writers by Time magazine. Her popularity was at its peak in the 1930s, and in 1936 she earned over $300,000 (approximately equivalent to $4 million in 2005). However in the 1950s she was still going strong, with earnings over $2 million, sales over 10 million in all editions, and "one of the handful of living novelists to complete a five-foot shelf." She continued writing novels until her death in 1978.
Many of her books were made into films. and in the early days of television, she hosted a weekly Saturday afternoon anthology series on ABC network, entitled "Faith Baldwin Romance Theater." From 1958 to 1965, she wrote a column that was published in "Woman's Day" magazine called "The Open Door." Her comments are often found in books of quotes and in web sites that offer quotes. When asked about her life philosophy, she responded that her belief was simple: "It is in God and His spirit in mankind. It is in man and his struggle. It is in the Golden Rule and in the valor of men, however ignoble their shortcomings."
In the 1960s, Baldwin became familiar as one of the "guiding faculty members" of the Famous Writers School, a heavily advertised correspondence school that drew criticism for allegedly deceptive advertising. The "faculty" included Baldwin, Bennett Cerf, Bergen Evans, Bruce Catton, Mignon G. Eberhart, John Caples, J. D. Ratliff, Mark Wiseman, Max Shulman, Rudolf Flesch, Red Smith, Rod Serling. An inattentive reader could have mistakenly inferred from the ad copy that these writers personally reviewed and critiqued student work.
She died in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5941533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941533" title="Hans Lars Helgesen">
Hans Lars Helgesen

Hans Lars Helgesen (21 August 1831 – 1 September 1918) was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 1878 to 1886. He was a local pioneer, farmer, seafarer, prospector and Member of Parliament for Esquimalt and Cariboo.
Born in Asker, Norway, Helgesen is reckoned to be the first notable Norwegian immigrant to settle permanently in British Columbia, arriving from California to take part in the gold rush. During the 1860s he was elected to the colonial assembly . 
In 1878 he was elected to the provincial legislature, representing the riding of Esquimalt. He won his seat again in the general election of 1882 but was defeated in the election of 1886. He ran again in the British Columbia general election, 1890 but was again defeated, retiring from politics. With another Norwegian immigrant, Alfred Magnusson, he became successful in the development of the commercial fishery in the Queen Charlotte Islands. During the early 1900s Helgesen was employed as a fisheries Guardian for the Upper Skeena area and was instrumental in negotiating the Babine barricade agreement of 1906. He was promoted to Fisheries Overseer for the Lower Skeena area in September 1908 and retired in his eightieth year on December 31, 1910. He died in Metchosin, British Columbia.
Legacy.
Helgesen Point on Pedder Bay near Metchosin, British Columbia is named for Hans Lars Helgesen as is Hans Helgesen Elementary School, located on Rocky Point Road in Metchosin.
Hans Lars Helgesen was the great-grandfather of the late George William Morrison Mutter (1912–1992), one-time warden for the Cowichan Valley area (Vancouver Island).

</doc>
<doc id="5941535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941535" title="Regular number">
Regular number

Regular numbers are numbers that evenly divide powers of 60 (or powers of 30). As an example, 602 = 3600 = 48 × 75, so both 48 and 75 are divisors of a power of 60. Thus, they are "regular numbers". Equivalently, they are the numbers whose only prime divisors are 2, 3, and 5.
The numbers that evenly divide the powers of 60 arise in several areas of mathematics and its applications, and have different names coming from these different areas of study. 
Number theory.
Formally, a regular number is an integer of the form 2"i"·3"j"·5"k", for nonnegative integers "i", "j", and "k". Such a number is a divisor of formula_1. The regular numbers are also called 5-smooth, indicating that their greatest prime factor is at most 5.
The first few regular numbers are
Several other sequences at OEIS have definitions involving 5-smooth numbers.
Although the regular numbers appear dense within the range from 1 to 60, they are quite sparse among the larger integers. A regular number "n" = 2"i"·3"j"·5"k" is less than or equal to "N" if and only if the point ("i","j","k") belongs to the tetrahedron bounded by the coordinate planes and the plane
as can be seen by taking logarithms of both sides of the inequality 2"i"·3"j"·5"k" ≤ "N".
Therefore, the number of regular numbers that are at most "N" can be estimated as the volume of this tetrahedron, which is
Even more precisely, using big O notation, the number of regular numbers up to "N" is
and it has been conjectured that the error term of this approximation is actually formula_5.
A similar formula for the number of 3-smooth numbers up to "N" is given by Srinivasa Ramanujan in his first letter to G. H. Hardy.
Babylonian mathematics.
In the Babylonian sexagesimal notation, the reciprocal of a regular number has a finite representation, thus being easy to divide by. Specifically, if "n" divides 60k, then the sexagesimal representation of 1/"n" is just that for 60k/"n", shifted by some number of places.
For instance, suppose we wish to divide by the regular number 54 = 2133. 54 is a divisor of 603, and 603/54 = 4000, so dividing by 54 in sexagesimal can be accomplished by multiplying by 4000 and shifting three places. In sexagesimal 4000 = 1×3600 + 6×60 + 40×1, or (as listed by Joyce) 1:6:40. Thus, 1/54, in sexagesimal, is 1/60 + 6/602 + 40/603, also denoted 1:6:40 as Babylonian notational conventions did not specify the power of the starting digit. Conversely 1/4000 = 54/603, so division by 1:6:40 = 4000 can be accomplished by instead multiplying by 54 and shifting three sexagesimal places.
The Babylonians used tables of reciprocals of regular numbers, some of which still survive (Sachs, 1947). These tables existed relatively unchanged throughout Babylonian times.
Although the primary reason for preferring regular numbers to other numbers involves the finiteness of their reciprocals, some Babylonian calculations other than reciprocals also involved regular numbers. For instance, tables of regular squares have been found and the broken cuneiform tablet Plimpton 322 has been interpreted by Neugebauer as listing Pythagorean triples formula_6 generated by "p", "q" both regular and less than 60.
Music theory.
In music theory, the just intonation of the diatonic scale involves regular numbers: the pitches in a single octave of this scale have frequencies proportional to the numbers in the sequence 24, 27, 30, 32, 36, 40, 45, 48 of nearly consecutive regular numbers. Thus, for an instrument with this tuning, all pitches are regular-number harmonics of a single fundamental frequency. This scale is called a 5-limit tuning, meaning that the interval between any two pitches can be described as a product 2i3j5k of powers of the prime numbers up to 5, or equivalently as a ratio of regular numbers.
5-limit musical scales other than the familiar diatonic scale of Western music have also been used, both in traditional musics of other cultures and in modern experimental music: list 31 different 5-limit scales, drawn from a larger database of musical scales. Each of these 31 scales shares with diatonic just intonation the property that all intervals are ratios of regular numbers. Euler's tonnetz provides a convenient graphical representation of the pitches in any 5-limit tuning, by factoring out the octave relationships (powers of two) so that the remaining values form a planar grid. Some music theorists have stated more generally that regular numbers are fundamental to tonal music itself, and that pitch ratios based on primes larger than 5 cannot be consonant. However the equal temperament of modern pianos is not a 5-limit tuning, and some modern composers have experimented with tunings based on primes larger than five.
In connection with the application of regular numbers to music theory, it is of interest to find pairs of regular numbers that differ by one. There are exactly ten such pairs ("x", "x"+1) and each such pair defines a superparticular ratio ("x" + 1)/"x" that is meaningful as a musical interval. These intervals are 2/1 (the octave), 3/2 (the perfect fifth), 4/3 (the perfect fourth), 5/4 (the just major third), 6/5 (the just minor third), 9/8 (the just major tone), 10/9 (the just minor tone), 16/15 (the just diatonic semitone), 25/24 (the just chromatic semitone), and 81/80 (the syntonic comma).
Algorithms.
Algorithms for calculating the regular numbers in ascending order were popularized by Edsger Dijkstra. attributes to Hamming the problem of building the infinite ascending sequence of all 5-smooth numbers; this problem is now known as Hamming's problem, and the numbers so generated are also called the Hamming numbers. Dijkstra's ideas to compute these numbers are the following:
This algorithm is often used to demonstrate the power of a lazy functional programming language, because (implicitly) concurrent efficient implementations, using a constant number of arithmetic operations per generated value, are easily constructed as described above. Similarly efficient strict functional or imperative sequential implementations are also possible whereas explicitly concurrent generative solutions might be non-trivial.
In the Python programming language, lazy functional code for generating regular numbers is used as one of the built-in tests for correctness of the language's implementation.
A related problem, discussed by , is to list all "k"-digit sexagesimal numbers in ascending order, as was done (for "k" = 6) by Inakibit-Anu, the Seleucid-era scribe of tablet AO6456. In algorithmic terms, this is equivalent to generating (in order) the subsequence of the infinite sequence of regular numbers, ranging from 60"k" to 60"k" + 1.
See for an early description of computer code that generates these numbers out of order and then sorts them; Knuth describes an ad-hoc algorithm, which he attributes to , for generating the six-digit numbers more quickly but that does not generalize in a straightforward way to larger values of "k". describes an algorithm for computing tables of this type in linear time for arbitrary values of "k".
Other applications.
As with other classes of smooth numbers, regular numbers are important as problem sizes in computer programs for performing the fast Fourier transform, a technique for analyzing the dominant frequencies of signals in time-varying data. For instance, the method of requires that the transform length be a regular number.
Book VIII of Plato's Republic involves an allegory of marriage centered around the highly regular number 604 = 12,960,000 and its divisors. Later scholars have invoked both Babylonian mathematics and music theory in an attempt to explain this passage.

</doc>
<doc id="5941555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941555" title="German submarine U-227">
German submarine U-227

German submarine "U-227" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built for service in the Battle of the Atlantic. She was cursed with repeated bad luck during her brief service life. Her commander was "Kapitänleutnant" Jürgen Kuntze, an officer with just five months U-boat experience at the time of his promotion.
Construction.
"U-227" was built during 1941 and 1942 by the Germaniawerft shipyard in the fleet base at Kiel as 'werk' 657, and was completed in August 1942, in preparation for operations over the coming winter. During the initial working-up period, disaster struck one month into the program, when "U-227" ran onto a Royal Air Force mine dropped by an aircraft in Danzig Bay. The crippled boat survived without any serious injuries, but only just managed to limp into port. The mining of coastal waters was a new tactic for the RAF, but one which would reap dividends amongst the port-based German Navy. The repairs to the boat following this misfortune meant that she was not ready for operations until the following April, when Kuntze, having worked his crew hard, embarked on his only war patrol.
Operational patrol.
"U-227" lasted a mere six days on her first operational patrol, when she was ordered to proceed with all haste to the North Atlantic Ocean to interdict Canadian convoys. Passing through the gap between the Faroe Islands and Iceland, she was spotted, despite bad weather, by a Hampden bomber of No. 455 Squadron, Royal Australian Air Force, which swooped onto the submarine and dropped a bomb on her. "U-227" went into an uncontrolled dive following the attack and never resurfaced, presumably hitting the sea floor hundreds of feet below, where she still lies with all 49 of her crew.

</doc>
<doc id="5941563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941563" title="United States presidential election in Tennessee, 2004">
United States presidential election in Tennessee, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Tennessee took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 11 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Tennessee was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 14.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. In the past 14 presidential elections, the Republican nominee won 10 of them. The state trended more Republican by 10.4 points from Bush's performance in 2000. Bush won most of the counties and congressional districts in the state. Third party and independent candidates made up just 0.7% of the vote. 
Primaries.
The 2004 Tennessee primary took place on February 10, 2004 as part of the 2004 United States Democratic presidential primaries. The delegate allocation is Proportional. the candidates are awarded delegates in proportion to the percentage of votes received and is open to anyone. A total of 69 (of 85) delegates are awarded proportionally. A 15 percent threshold is required to receive delegates. Frontrunner John Kerry won the primary with Senator John Edwards and former general Wesley Clark both obtaining over 20% and receiving delegates.
Kerry won most of the counties and all the congressional districts. Although, Kerry didn't do well in the middle of the state, winning the 4th, 5th, and 6th CDs with less than 40% of the vote. Edwards won 4 counties in the state. In Sullivan County, Tennessee Edwards obtained 42% of the vote but lost to Kerry with a small margin. Clark gained over 30% of the vote in just 2 counties, including his best performance in Montgomery County, TN. The largest turnout came from Shelby County and Davidson county.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Bush won every single pre-election poll, and won each with at least 49%. The final 3 polls averaged Bush leading 56% to 40%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $4,636,916. Kerry raised $1,187,742.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited this state during the fall election.
Analysis.
While the Republicans control slightly more than half of the state, Democrats have strong support in the cities of Memphis and Nashville and in parts of Middle Tennessee and in West Tennessee north and east of Memphis The latter area includes a large rural African-American population. 
In the 2000 presidential election, Vice President Al Gore, a former U.S. Senator from Tennessee, couldn't carry his home state. The majority of voters support for Republican George W. Bush increased in 2004, with his margin of victory in the state increasing from 4% in 2000 to 14% in 2004. Southern Democratic nominees (e.g., Lyndon B. Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton) usually fare better in Tennessee, especially among split-ticket voters outside the metropolitan areas.
Results.
By congressional district.
Bush won 7 of 9 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Tennessee cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Tennessee is allocated 11 electors because it has 9 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 11 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 11 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 9 were pledged to Bush/Cheney:

</doc>
<doc id="5941570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941570" title="Amylomaize">
Amylomaize

Amylomaize was a term coined by Robert P. Bear of Bear Hybrids Corn Company in Decatur, Illinois to describe his discovery and commercial breeding of a unique cornstarch with high (>50%) amylose content, also called high amylose starch. The discovery of amylomaize occurred as a mutation in a normal inbred line and from that one mutation, an entire new kind of maize (corn) was developed.
Principal uses of amylomaize starch are in making biodegradable plastics (or bioplastics). It is also used in coatings that are edible and digestible. The food that the first American astronauts used on Apollo flights were coated with amylomaize film, so that no crumbs would float around in the space capsule.
Several years earlier Robert P. Bear also discovered and reported that waxy corn (100% amylopectin starch) also occurred as a mutation. Once discovered and reported, the occurrence of waxy mutations was fairly frequent in the order of once every 30,000 observations.

</doc>
<doc id="5941575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941575" title="I Believe in You (Je crois en toi)">
I Believe in You (Je crois en toi)

"I Believe in You (Je crois en toi)" is a duet between Céline Dion and Il Divo, released as the third and last single from Dion's "On ne change pas" album, and first and only from Il Divo's "Ancora". At first, on January 23, 2006 "I Believe in You" was released as a radio single in the United States. The commercial single was issued May 1, 2006 in France and Switzerland. It was also released as a radio single in Canada, in May 2006.
Luc Plamondon, with whom Dion worked in 1991 on her "Dion chante Plamondon" album, wrote French lyrics for the song.
There was no music video made for the song.
Dion and Il Divo promoted "I Believe in You" in various French television shows, performing it in late 2005.
The single peaked at number 30 in France and number 35 in Switzerland. In the U.S., it reached number 31 on the U.S. Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks. Surprisingly, nearly 3 years after its release the song peaked at number 8 on the Portuguese Singles Chart according to "Billboard" magazine.
"I Believe in You" was featured on the official 2006 FIFA World Cup album, called "Voices from the FIFA World Cup", which was released on May 20, 2006.
There are two released versions of the song, the version released on Dion's "On ne change pas" album, and the other on Il Divo's album. The difference is that "Someday I'll find you" is sung by a different member of Il Divo on each album. On Dion's album, the line is sung by Swiss tenor Urs Buhler, and on Il Divo's album it is sung by Spanish baritone Carlos Marín. This is due to them swapping lines, where the other line swapped is part of the harmony in Dion's verse (the second verse). A third version performed entirely in English (Dion's verse included) was also recorded, but never released. Il Divo performed this version in their concerts with tenor David Miller singing Dion's parts.
Il Divo are not the first opera singers who have performed and recorded with Céline Dion. She had previously collaborated with Luciano Pavarotti on "I Hate You Then I Love You" and Andrea Bocelli on "The Prayer." The latter has been also performed by Dion and Josh Groban.
Critical reception.
While reviewing "Ancora", James Christopher Monger of Allmusic wrote: "They fawn over Celine Dion -- who can barely contain her own affections..." Rob Theakston who reviewed Dion's "On ne change pas" on Allmusic, wrote that having the new songs, including the duet, was a "plus side" to the compilation. 
Formats and track listings.
European CD single/digital single

</doc>
<doc id="5941577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941577" title="What Do You Want from Live">
What Do You Want from Live

What Do You Want from Live is the fourth album released by The Tubes. It is a live album, recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon, London.

</doc>
<doc id="5941580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941580" title="Ultrasound-enhanced systemic thrombolysis">
Ultrasound-enhanced systemic thrombolysis

Ultrasound-Enhanced Systemic Thrombolysis is a medical technology that utilizes transcranial doppler ultrasonography to treat stroke-causing blood clots. It is thought that transcranial doppler ultrasonography aimed at residual obstructive intracranial blood flow may help expose thrombi to tissue plasminogen activator or other thrombolytic drugs.
Studies have shown that complete recanalisation or dramatic clinical recovery can be increased by more than 19% when using transcranial doppler ultrasonography.
Ultrasound-Accelerated Thrombolysis (Catheter-based).
A recent multicenter randomized trial (DUET) compared standard catheter-directed thrombolysis (CDT) versus ultrasound-accelerated thrombolysis (USAT, EKOS Corporation) for the treatment of acute peripheral arterial thrombotic occlusions. Results showed that, on average, patients treated with USAT were completed 12 hours sooner than those treated with standard CDT with no increase in "serious adverse events." Plans are underway to commence the DUET II study, which will be a non-randomized trial using the EKOS system with an even lower hourly drug dose with an expectation of further reducing bleeding complications.

</doc>
<doc id="5941593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941593" title="List of municipal districts in Alberta">
List of municipal districts in Alberta

A municipal district is the most common form of all rural municipality statuses used in the Canadian Province of Alberta. Alberta's municipal districts, most of which are branded as counties, are predominantly rural areas that may include either farmland, Crown land or a combination of both depending on their geographic location. They may also include country residential subdivisions and unincorporated communities, some of which are recognized as hamlets by Alberta Municipal Affairs.
Municipal districts are created when predominantly rural areas with populations of at least 1,000 people, where a majority of their residential buildings are on parcels of land greater than 1,850 m², apply to Alberta Municipal Affairs for municipal district status under the authority of the "Municipal Government Act". Applications for municipal district status are approved via orders in council made by the Lieutenant Governor in Council under recommendation from the Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Alberta has 64 municipal districts that had a cumulative population of 451,979 and an average population of 7,062 in the 2011 Census. Alberta's largest and smallest municipal districts are Rocky View County and the Municipal District (MD) of Ranchland No. 66 with populations of 36,461 and 79 respectively. 
437 elected officials (eight mayors, 56 reeves and 373 councillors) provide municipal district governance throughout the province.
Branding.
An order in council to incorporate any municipality must give the municipality an official name. Of Alberta's 64 municipal districts, 18 still have "municipal district" in their official names, while 46 of them have branded themselves as "counties" in their official names. 
The use of the "county" term in the official names of 46 municipal districts (and two specialized municipalities) has partially led to a common belief that a "county" is its own separate municipal status type, which is not the case. The other major contributor to this common belief is that a "county" was once a former municipal status type in Alberta prior to the County Act being repealed in the mid-1990s. Those municipalities that were once officially incorporated as counties were continued under the Municipal Government Act (MGA) as municipal districts and were permitted to retain the term "county" in their official names.
Office locations.
More than half of the 64 municipal districts have their main administration offices, including council chambers, in a separate municipality such as a city, town, or village. This municipality (like all other cities, towns, and villages) is not part of the municipal district's jurisdiction. Eleven municipal districts have their offices in a hamlet, which is part of the district's jurisdiction. They are Acadia (Acadia Valley), Bighorn (Exshaw), Birch Hills (Wanham), Clear Hills (Worsley), Cypress (Dunmore), Grande Prairie (Clairmont), Lac La Biche (Lac La Biche), Lac Ste. Anne (Sangudo), Opportunity (Wabasca), and Thorhild (Thorhild). One municipal district, Ranchland, has its offices in a provincial park, Chain Lakes Provincial Park. Thirteen municipal districts have their offices in their jurisdiction, outside the boundaries of a city, town, or village. They are Brazeau (Drayton Valley), Lacombe (between Gull Lake and Lacombe), Mountain View (Didsbury), Newell (Brooks), Northern Sunrise (Peace River), Paintearth (Castor), Parkland (Stony Plain), Peace (Berwyn), Red Deer (Red Deer), Saddle Hills (Spirit River), Wheatland (Strathmore), Willow Creek (Claresholm), and Woodlands (Whitecourt).
List of municipal districts.
The below table is a list of only those "rural municipalities" in Alberta that are incorporated as "municipal districts". 
Mackenzie County, Strathcona County and the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo are not listed because they are incorporated as "specialized municipalities", not "municipal districts". For more information on "specialized municipalities", see Specialized municipalities of Alberta. 
Alberta's eight "improvement districts" and three "special areas" are also not listed because they are their own separate type of "rural municipality" and not subset types of the "municipal district" status. For more information on "special areas", see "Special Areas Board".

</doc>
<doc id="5941605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941605" title="Eddie &quot;Bongo&quot; Brown">
Eddie &quot;Bongo&quot; Brown

Eddie "Bongo" Brown (September 13, 1932 – December 28, 1984) was an African-American musician. 
He was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi, United States, and raised in Memphis, Tennessee. Brown played congas, bongos, the gourd and claves for Motown Records' in-house Funk Brothers band. One of his musical influences was Chano Pozo.
Among Brown's best-known performances on Motown recordings include "(I Know) I'm Losing You" by The Temptations, "I Second That Emotion" by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles, and "If I Were Your Woman" by Gladys Knight & the Pips.
He died in Los Angeles, California in 1984, aged 52.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Brass Fever

</doc>
<doc id="5941626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941626" title="Ciré-d'Aunis">
Ciré-d'Aunis

Ciré-d'Aunis is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="5941637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941637" title="Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada">
Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada

The Professional Institute of the Public Service of Canada (PIPSC) is the largest multi-professional labour union in Canada, representing some 60,000 public service professionals employed at the federal and some provincial and territorial levels of government. It was founded in 1920.
The Institute was founded to protect the interests of professional public employees and became a bargaining agent following the implementation of the Public Service Staff Relations Act (PSSRA) in 1967.
The Institute is the bargaining agent for more than 41 knowledge-based groups and negotiates with 27 different employers in six different jurisdictions.
The Institute serves its members with approximately 140 full-time staff in its national office in Ottawa, and regional offices in Halifax, Montréal, Ottawa, Toronto, Winnipeg, Edmonton and Vancouver.
PIPSC on Facebook
PIPSC on Twitter

</doc>
<doc id="5941640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941640" title="Björn Runström">
Björn Runström

Björn Sandro Runström (born 1 March 1984) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a striker.
Club career.
Runström grew up in the southern suburbs of Stockholm and went to Enskede school as a child.
He started playing football for Enskede IK at the age of six years old, Runström's time in Enskede went well and at the age of 12 years he was rewarded with a move to a bigger club; Hammarby. Runström developed at a fast speed and when he was 16 he left Hammarby for Italy and Bologna. He stayed in Italy for three years and led Bologna to their first Italian Youth Championship in 19 years in 2001.
At 17 he was part of Bologna's first team but only made the bench in Serie A and Coppa Italia. In 2002, he was transferred to Chievo Verona and after that to Florentia Viola. His stay in Florence was not what he had dreamed of and when rumours spread in late 2003 that Fiorentina wanted to trade him for the Swedish international Kim Källström of Djurgårdens IF (one of former club Hammarby's biggest rivals) he was outraged and declared that it was a transfer he would never accept. "Me playing for Djurgården would be like Di Canio going back to Italy to play for A. S. Roma, it won't happen, if I go back to Sweden the only club that I could think of is my old club Hammarby".
Runström did return to Hammarby soon after and played three more seasons scoring 18 goals in 57 matches. This record attracted the attention of Premier League club Fulham (he had the chance to join the Cottagers in the January transfer window but declined saying "I didn't want to go on a free transfer in January even though I had an offer from Fulham already then, Hammarby have meant much to me and I wanted them to be well paid").
In July 2006, Runström joined Fulham on a three-year contract, for a fee of £700,000.
After making just one Premier League appearance against Tottenham Hotspur, on 30 January 2007, Runström moved to Luton Town on loan for a month. He returned to Fulham on 1 April 2007, having scored twice for Luton, against Sheffield Wednesday and Norwich City. Later that year, in July, he was loaned out to German club 1. FC Kaiserslautern, for the 2007–08 season. On his return, in May 2008, Runström was released by Fulham.
On 4 June 2008, Runström signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with Danish club OB.
On 23 February 2010, Molde FK signed the Swedish forward on loan from Danish club Odense BK until the end of the season.
He made his competitive debut on the opening day of the Norwegian Premier League on 14 March against the defending champions Rosenborg. He scored on his debut, a 35-yard cracker in a 2–1 loss. After this match Runström spent the rest of the season mainly on the bench, only making brief appearances not succeeding in making a mark on the matches. Runström was towards the end of the season considered redundant in Molde and the club terminated the contract with the player and sent him back to Denmark. Runström and OB parted company in February 2011.
On 27 February, Runström signed for The superettan side Hammarby, On 3 July, Runström scored twice against Öster.
On 28 March 2012, Runström was signed to the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer. New England declined the option of his contract on 27 June 2012 and Runström became a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="5941644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941644" title="Workers' Party (Togo)">
Workers' Party (Togo)

Workers' Party (, PT) is an opposition Togolese political party founded in 1998. It is of Trotskyist orientation and has links to the trade unions. Claude Améganvi has been the PT's national coordinator since the party's founding. PT is a member of Pierre Lambert's International Liaison Committee for a Workers' International (ILC).

</doc>
<doc id="5941645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941645" title="Reginald Brooks-King">
Reginald Brooks-King

Reginald Brooks-King (27 August 1861 – 19 September 1938) was a Welsh archer. He was born in Monmouth, Wales. He won the silver medal in the men's double York round at the 1908 Summer Olympics. Brooks-King shot a 393 in the first round of the competition, held in London. This put him in second place, 10 points behind leader William Dod halfway through the event. On the second day of shooting, Brooks-King hit a 375 to take fourth place on the day but second place overall with 768 points, well behind Dod but 8 points ahead of Henry B. Richardson in third.

</doc>
<doc id="5941648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941648" title="Liang (realm)">
Liang (realm)

Liang () was a traditional Chinese fief centered on present-day Kaifeng. It was held by various powers over the course of Chinese history. It generally comprised modern Henan with a small part of Shanxi.
Ancient China.
Liang (sometimes as , "Liángzhōu") was one of the nine provinces of ancient China originally recorded in the "Yu Gong" or "Tribute of Yu" section of the "Book of Documents". By the time of the "Erya", it had been replaced among the list of the nine major provinces of China. Nevertheless it was usually included among the lists of the Twelve Provinces in the reigns of the emperors Yao and Shun. It included the upper Han River basin west of the Huaxia homeland.
State of Liang.
The counts of Liang (, "Liángbó") possessed the surname Ying (). Their capital was located south of Hancheng in Shaanxi. During the 8th and 7th centuries , they were involved in various alliances against the hegemony of Jin. In 642 , the count constructed a new capital for his realm only to have it seized by Qin upon its completion. The next year, Duke Mu of Qin annexed the area completely.
Wei Kingdom.
The kings of Liang (, "Liángwáng") were the lords of Wei. Descending from the Bi () branch of the Ji (), the Zhou royal family, they came to be known as the Wei family () after Bi Wan conquered that land for Jin. In 344 , they were forced to move the capital from Anyi to Daliang (lit. "Greater Liang", now Kaifeng) to escape attacks from Qin. In 344 , Marquess Hui declared himself independent of the Zhou and styled himself "King of Liang". His successors carried on the title until Liang's conquest by Qin in 225  but are generally known as the "Kings of Wei" today.
Han Principality.
The princes of Liang () bore the same title in Chinese as the Wei kings but are generally translated differently into English to reflect their changed status following the creation of the title of emperor of China by Shi Huangdi. Their capital was generally at Suiyang in present-day Henan.
The Qin Empire was a unitary state following legalist policies but, upon establishing its Han successor, Liu Bang reïnstituted the previous fiefs and granted high titles to relatives and allies. In 202 , he created his general Peng Yue the first prince of Liang. Within five years, however, Peng was arrested on false charges of treason and executed. His title was then given to the emperor's son Liu Hui. As Liang was a rich and important patch of territory, its princes were powerful and prominent: many met with untimely deaths either because they began to covet the imperial throne or because they were feared to do so. A famous example apart from Peng Yue was Emperor Jing's younger brother Liu Wu, whose minions executed ten of the emperor's ministers for standing in his way. After the death of Prince Xiao in 144 , his realm was divided among his five sons. Liu Pengli, the prince of Jidong, became a notorious serial killer and had his lands confiscated by Emperor Jing.
Empire.
The Liang Empire was established by the Southern Qi general Xiao Yan in  502. It was named for the titles duke of Liang (, "Liánggōng") and prince of Liang () which Xiao had the Empress An bestow upon him in her position as regent for the teenage Emperor He. Despite the title, his capital and court were at Jiankang (within modern Nanjing).
Sui Kingdom.
A new and independent kingdom of Liang () was declared in  619 by Shen Faxing, a Sui general in the lower Yangtze. Despite the name, his capital was at Piling (modern Changzhou) and he only ever controlled areas of present-day Zhejiang and Jiangsu before his territory was conquered by the agrarian rebel Li Zitong (under the title Emperor of Wu).
Tang Principality.
The title of prince of Liang () was revived in  690 under the empress dowager Wu Zetian's new Zhou dynasty in order to honor her half-nephew Wu Sansi. He was demoted to a lesser principality after her death in 705 but restored as prince of Liang posthumously two years later.
Yuan Principality.
The title of prince of Liang () was revived a fourth time under the Yuan dynasty as a hereditary appanage for one of the sons of Kublai Khan. The Princes of Liang served as the Yuan viceroys of Yunnan. By far the most famous was Basalawarmi (d. 1382), who continued his family's fight against the Ming long after the fall of Khanbalik in 1368.

</doc>
<doc id="5941655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941655" title="Customer Identification Program">
Customer Identification Program

According to provisions of the USA Patriot Act, all financial institutions must verify the identity of individuals wishing to conduct financial transactions. The law was implemented by regulations in 2003 which require financial institutions to develop a Customer Identification Program (CIP) appropriate to the size and type of its business. The CIP must be incorporated into the bank's Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-money laundering compliance program, which is subject to approval by the financial institution's board of directors.
Requirements.
The CIP is intended to enable the bank to form a reasonable belief that it knows the true identity of each customer. The CIP must include new account opening procedures that specify the identifying information that will be obtained from each customer. It must also include reasonable and practical risk-based procedures for verifying the identity of each customer. Financial institutions should conduct a risk assessment of their customer base and product offerings, and in determining the risks, consider:
The Department of the Treasury, through the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), together with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS), and the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) (collectively, the Agencies), have jointly adopted a final rule to implement section 326 of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required To Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (the Act). 
Section 326 requires the Secretary of the Treasury (Secretary) to jointly prescribe with each of the Agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), a regulation that, at a minimum, requires financial institutions to implement reasonable procedures to verify the identity of any person seeking to open an account, to the extent reasonable and practicable; maintain records of the information used to verify the person’s identity; and determine whether the person appears on any lists of known or suspected terrorists or terrorist organizations provided to the financial institution by any government agency. This final regulation applies to banks, savings associations, credit unions, private banks, and trust companies.
DATES: Effective Date: This rule is effective June 9, 2003.
Compliance Date: Each bank must comply with this final rule by October 1, 2003.
References.
Please remove or 'fix' the cited reference.
It appears to NOT be a publicly viewable site: "You don't have permission to access "http://a257.g.akamaitech.net/cfr_2003/julqtr/31cfr103.121.htm" on this server."

</doc>
<doc id="5941664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941664" title="Cappagh">
Cappagh

Cappagh (Irish: "Ceapach" (tilled or cultivated land)) is a small village, townland and civil parish in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is between Pomeroy, Ballygawley, Galbally and Carrickmore, with the hamlet of Galbally about one mile to the east. Most of the land around Cappagh is farmland although a quarry lies just outside the village.
There is also a small rural parish in the west of county Limerick called Cappagh.
The Troubles in Cappagh.
At least 10 people in and around Cappagh lost their lives during the Troubles, according to CAIN website. Three were members of the Provisional IRA, three were members of the RUC, two Catholic civilians, one former member of the UDR, and a Protestant civilian. The three IRA volunteers and one of the Catholic residents were killed by the Ulster Volunteer Force in a shooting spree outside a local bar on 3 March 1991. Another Catholic civilian had been shot and killed in the same spot in January 1974 by loyalist assailants. The rest of the victims were killed by members of the Provisional IRA. The village, reputed as being a republican stronghold, was also the scene of another two significant events in the early 1990s. On 24 March 1990, there was a gunbattle between an IRA unit and undercover British security forces when a civilian-type vehicle driven by an undercover agent was fired on by IRA volunteers without warning, according to Archie Hamilton, then Secretary of State for Defence. Republican newspaper "An Phoblacht" claims that a SAS ambush was thwarted and at least two undercover soldiers in the car were killed. Hamilton states that there were no security or civilian casualties. Another major incident, at least for its consequences, took place on 12 May 1992, when a patrol of British paratroopers was ambushed with an anti-personnel device by the IRA in Cappagh. One soldier lost both legs. The attack sparked the reaction of the paratroopers, which sealed off the nearby town of Coalisland and clashed with the local population on 12 and 17 May 1992. The RUC alleged that a light machine gun stolen during the incidents was later recovered precisely at Cappagh, as part of a weapons cache. This series of incidents led to the suspension of patrols before the official end of the battalion's deployment and to the dissmisal of the Third Brigade's commander, Brigadier Tom Longland.
Cappagh Townland.
The townland is situated in the historic barony of Dungannon Middle and the civil parish of Pomeroy and covers an area of 464 acres.
The population of the townland declined during the 19th century:

</doc>
<doc id="5941678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941678" title="Jocelyne Girard-Bujold">
Jocelyne Girard-Bujold

Jocelyne Girard-Bujold (born 1 January 1943 in Arvida, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2004. She is a businesswoman and political assistant by career.
She was elected in the Jonquière electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1997 and 2000 elections, serving in the 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively.
However, by the 2004 national election, the Jonquière riding had been redistributed. Girard-Bujold lost the Bloc Québécois nomination for the Jonquière—Alma electoral district to Sébastien Gagnon. She ran as an independent candidate in the election, but Gagnon won the riding.

</doc>
<doc id="5941685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941685" title="Escuela Campo Alegre">
Escuela Campo Alegre

Escuela Campo Alegre is a K-12 American International school located in Caracas, Venezuela. It was founded in 1937 in the neighborhood of Campo Alegre, but the school grew in such a way that it had to be moved to its present location in Las Mercedes. The school provides courses from the nursery level up through 12th grade.
Facilities.
The school campus includes a brand new three-story building opened in Summer 2012. The building includes a new early childhood center, multi-purpose rooms, three-floor fitness room, three new gymnasiums, and other PE facilities. On top of the building is a new astroturf field, which opened August 2011. The field measures 50 m x 100 m (professional size), with space at both ends. Also on campus are three tennis courts, two indoor basketball courts and one covered basketball court, all of which can also be used for volleyball, wall climbing and other sports. Fully equipped modern Library and Media Center, Technology Centers for each division, separate art, drama, and music centers for each division, A 4-story parking lot, 690-seat professional theatre, recording movie studio for each division, wireless connection throughout the school, science laboratories for each division, modern cafeteria for the elementary school, middle school, high school, and faculty and staff. The school also has an Olympic-size pool with large viewing gallery.
Students.
Being one of the few international schools in Caracas, ECA has a highly diverse population of students who come from many different parts of the world. American, Venezuelan, Canadian, Argentine, Colombian, Mexican, and Brazilian are among the most common nationalities of students. Every student from the Middle School through the High School is provided with a Dell laptop or netbook that they use for class and homework. ECA currently has about 655 students.
Faculty.
ECA has a large faculty originating from a wide range of countries. Many of the staff members hold Master's degrees, and their backgrounds cover the educational spectrum. ECA's staff members receive annual training at the VANAS teaching conferences and are trained in subject-specific International Baccalaureate programs and also some take summer courses with the College of New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5941695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941695" title="Eighties Coming Back">
Eighties Coming Back

"Eighties Coming Back" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in English by Ruffus.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night (following Belgium's Urban Trad with "Sanomi" and preceding Romania's Nicola with "Don't Break My Heart"). At the close of voting, it had received 14 points, placing 21st in a field of 26. 
A cover version exists by Dave Benton.
It was succeeded as the Estonian representative by Neiokõsõ with "Tii".

</doc>
<doc id="5941699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941699" title="Pan-African Socialist Party">
Pan-African Socialist Party

Pan-African Socialist Party (, PSP) was a Togolese political party advocating socialism and pan-Africanism. It was founded in the early 1990s in response to Togo's legalization of opposition parties. After the assassination of its first and brightest leader, Tavio Amorin, in July 1992, the party fell into obscurity. The Togolese police were responsible for the killing.

</doc>
<doc id="5941718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941718" title="James A. Michener Art Museum">
James A. Michener Art Museum

The James A. Michener Art Museum is a private, non-profit museum in Doylestown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania founded in 1988 and named for the Pulitzer Prize–winning writer James A. Michener, a Doylestown resident. It is situated within the old stone walls of a historic 19th-century prison and houses a collection of Bucks County visual arts, along with holdings of 19th- and 20th-century American art. It is noted for its Pennsylvania Impressionism collection, an art colony centered in nearby New Hope during the early 20th century.
Facility.
The Museum has of space, with a landscaped courtyard, a glass enclosed, state of the art event pavilion, an outdoor sculpture garden and terrace built in the original prison yard, seminar and conference facilities, a museum shop and café, and the George Nakashima Reading Room. The Martin Wing includes preparation areas and collection storage spaces.
History.
The idea of a museum in Doylestown dedicated to the works of the Pennsylvania Impressionists has been around at least since 1949, when local artist Walter Emerson Baum founded an informal committee along with Bucks County Superintendent of Schools Dr. Charles H. Boehm, and "The Daily Intelligencer" editor George Hotchkiss to explore the possibilities of the establishment of such an institution.
In the 1970s Bucks County commissioners established the "Bucks County Council on the Arts", an agency set up to manege federal funded artwork intended be included in government building projects. Some of the artwork they collected was put on display at their headquarters the Neshaminy Manor office in Doylestown Township. In 1974 the Council also helped establish a mobile art exhibit, the "Artmobile" of Bucks County Community College.
In mid-1988 the Bucks County commissioners approved $650,000 to build an art museum in the recently closed Bucks County Prison. Bucks County Council on the Arts became the organization charged with running the institution and their collected works became part of the museum collection. James A. Michener, who grew up in Doylestown, took the lead in establishing the endowment, donating $500,000 as well as some of the paintings from his own private collection (Michener would go on to donate a total of $8.5 million to the museum). The site was renovated by architects O’Donnell & Naccarato, Inc., from Doylestown, Pennsylvania. The warden’s house and the control buildings were converted to office space and exhibition space. Part of the prison walls remain, which now provide a backdrop to the Museum's outdoor sculpture and event pavilion. The Museum was named the "James A. Michener Art Museum" and opened to the public on September 15, 1988 at a ceremony presided over by Michener and his wife, Mari Sabusawa Michener.
In 1993, the museum had its first major expansion designed by Lynn Taylor Associates from Doylestown, Pennsylvania which included larger exhibitions galleries and a storage vault. A few years later, in 1996, the Museum had its second major expansion which included the installation of the Mari Sabusawa Michener Wing, also designed by Lynn Taylor Associates. In 1999 there was a major expansion in the museums collection when Gerry and Marguerite Lenfest donated 54 Pennsylvania Impressionist paintings along with $3 million for the museum's endowment. In 2007, the Museum opened the Syd and Sharon Martin Wing, designed by architects RMJM Hillier from Princeton, NJ. This included a new gallery space and additional administrative offices.
The museum opened the new Edgar N. Putman Event Pavilion designed by KieranTimberlake, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This new all-glass structure with a solid roof and sliding doors on its east and west sides hosts Jazz Nights, lectures and special events.
The Michener opened a satellite site in 2003, in New Hope, Pennsylvania, designed by architects Minno & Wasko. This facility closed in 2009. 
The prison.
The Bucks County Prison, once on the site of the Michener Art Museum, originally opened in 1884. Philadelphia architect Addison Hutton designed an expanded facility that included a three-story warden's house and guardhouse control center in a “T” shape, using a combination of Italianate and Romanesque Revival styles. The architecture was inspired by Quaker ideas of reflection and penitence that dominated the American prison system in the 19th century. The overall design concept of the prison was modeled after the Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia, built in 1829. The Bucks County Prison closed in 1985. The warden's house is a significant contributing property in the Doylestown Historic District, listed by the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Collection.
The museum collection includes more than 2,700 paintings, sculptures and works on paper from the Bucks County visual arts tradition, dating from Colonial times to the present. The collection includes works by painters of the Pennsylvania Impressionist or "New Hope school", American primitive painters, limners and modernists. Works by abstract expressionists are on long-term loan from the Jack S. Blanton Museum of Art, University of Texas at Austin, where James A. Michener and his wife, Mari, donated a major portion of their private art collection. In addition to the permanent exhibitions, the Museum presents 15 changing exhibitions each year. These exhibitions feature a broad spectrum of artistic styles and mediums.
Pennsylvania Impressionism.
The museum has a collection of works by painters of the school of Pennsylvania Impressionism, a movement from the first half of the 20th century centered around Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Artists in this movement include John Fulton Folinsbee, Walter Emerson Baum, George Sotter, Nate Dunn, Fern Coppedge, Edward Redfield, Daniel Garber and Walter E. Schofield. Similar to the French impressionist movement, this artwork is characterized by a plein air style interested in the quality of color, light, and the time of day.
Education.
The Museum presents ongoing adult lecture series and workshops that feature art scholars and artists. There are also children’s classes and workshops for children preschool age through high school, inter-generational classes, and school and teacher programs planned in coordination with the area school districts, offered both in the Museum and on site at schools. An extensive archival collection that documents the work of regional artists, both past and present, is preserved and maintained by the Museum.
The Bucks County Artists Database.
The Museum has an online interactive database of artists from the Bucks County region, also available to be viewed on a kiosk in its Family Education Center. This database contains more than 1700 pages of information and more than 1300 images relating to 371 architects, craftspersons, musicians, painters, photographers, poets, printmakers, sculptors, stage and screen artists and fiction and non-fiction writers from the artistic tradition of New Hope and Bucks County. Some examples of artists featured are the Quaker painter Edward Hicks (1780–1849), master woodworker George Nakashima (1905–1990), sculptor Raymond Granville Barger (1906–2001), and authors and illustrators Stan and Jan Berenstain.

</doc>
<doc id="5941728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941728" title="Jiangxia District">
Jiangxia District

Jiangxia District () is one of 13 districts of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, People's Republic of China, situated on the eastern (right) bank of the Yangtze River. Jiangxia district has an area of and a population of 680,000. It is the southernmost and most sparsely populated of Wuhan's districts. It borders the districts of Caidian and Hannan across the Yangtze and Hongshan to the north, as well as the prefecture-level cities of Ezhou to the east, Huangshi to the southeast, and Xianning to the south.
Unlike most other districts into which the City of Wuhan is divided, Jingxia includes no part of Wuhan's main urban core. It is entirely located in the rural area south of the Wuhan city center. Jingxia has its own urban core, which is a large town some south of Wuhan proper.
Transport.
The Wulongquan East Railway Station (presently, no passenger service) of the Wuhan-Guangzhou High-speed Railway is located within the district. The Wuhan–Xianning Intercity Railway, to open in the late 2013, will have several stations throughout the district.
The authorities are also considering repurposing the military Shanpo Airfield (山坡机场; ), located in the district's Shanpo Township, as a commercial cargo airport. The possibility for dual civil and military use is considered as well. If the plans are implemented, Shanpo will become Wuhan's second airport (after Tianhe).

</doc>
<doc id="5941746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941746" title="KVYB">
KVYB

KVYB (103.3 FM, "103.3 The Vibe") is a Rhythmic contemporary based radio station in Santa Barbara, California. The Cumulus Media station operates with an ERP of 105,000 watts. 
History.
The 103.3 frequency was originally the longtime home of easy listening outlet KMUZ later KRUZ. But in May 2005 Cumulus moved KRUZ to 97.5, paving the way for the launching of the market's first Hispanic-targeted Rhythmic contemporary outlet and in the process giving the area its first Top 40 since KIST flipped to Modern rock in 2003. At first, KVYB's musical direction had featured Hispanic Rhythmic artists as well as bilingual DJs, but since 2008 it has evolved to a typical Rhythmic Top 40 presentation.
Signal coverage.
KVYB's signal coverage blankets the California coastal counties of Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo and Ventura. It can also be heard in parts of Los Angeles County, as well as Frazier Park, California, and as far north as San Lucas. 
KVYB has very unique competition due to their 105,000 watt effective radiated power signal. In addition to competing against Top 40/CHR KFYZ in Santa Barbara, it also has competition in the Ventura County radio market, where it competes against that area's Rhythmic Top 40, KCAQ, as well as in similarly formatted KPAT in the Santa Maria-Lompoc radio market.
Formats.
Easy Listening (1961–1996)<br>Hot AC (1996–2005)<br>CHR/Reggaton (2005–2008)<br>CHR/Rhythmic (2008–present)

</doc>
<doc id="5941750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941750" title="Brian Knorr">
Brian Knorr

Brian Knorr (born December 20, 1963 in Shawnee Mission, Kansas) is a college football Defensive Coordinator for the Indiana Hoosiers football team. He graduated from the Air Force Academy and played quarterback. He also was an assistant at the Air Force Academy when he went to Ohio University with Jim Grobe. He was the head coach of the Ohio Bobcats program from 2001 to 2004. He was fired on November 18, 2004, after he compiled an 11–35 (.239) record in four seasons. He was replaced by the more successful Frank Solich. He previously served as a defensive coordinator under the previous head coach, Grobe. His best season came in 2004, when his team went 4–7, including 2–6 in conference play. Until February 2008 he served as an assistant head coach at the Air Force Academy under head coach Troy Calhoun. In 2008, he accepted a position that will reunite him with Grobe at Wake Forest University.

</doc>
<doc id="5941761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941761" title="Hélène Alarie">
Hélène Alarie

Hélène Alarie (born 6 June 1941) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2000. By career, she has had work in teaching, government and agriculture.
Born in La Pocatière, Quebec, she was elected in the Louis-Hébert electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1997 general election, serving in the 36th Canadian Parliament. During her term of office she participated in parliamentary committees relating to agriculture. She was defeated in the 2000 general election by Liberal candidate Hélène Scherrer.

</doc>
<doc id="5941772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941772" title="International Scout and Guide Fellowship">
International Scout and Guide Fellowship

The International Scout and Guide Fellowship (ISGF) is a worldwide organization of Scout alumni in support of Scouting and Guiding who want to strengthen dialogue between communities through community-oriented projects worldwide. 
The International Scout and Guide Fellowship is open to former members of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) and the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM), and to adults who did not have the opportunity to be Scouts, Guides, or active Scout/Guide leaders, but who believe in the Scouting ideals.
It was created in 1953 under the name of "International Fellowship of Former Scouts and Guides" ("IFOFSAG").
ISGF is supported by WOSM and WAGGGS, and it has members in 61 countries presently. Furthermore, there are members of "Central Branch" (individual members or groups) in 35 countries. 
In 2003, the 80,000 members celebrated the 50th anniversary of ISGF by carrying out projects to the benefit of communities in which they live and work or worldwide.
Organization.
ISGF consists of national Member Organizations and of the members of the Central Branch.
World Regions.
Europe.
The World Region Europe has 4 regional divisions:
Central Europe Subregion.
Austria, Germany, Italy (member of IDOL network, but not of the subregion) and Liechtenstein form the IDOL network.
Central Branch.
Groups and/or individuals in the following countries:
International Ambassadors Fellowship Guild.
This Fellowship was founded in 1998. It is a Foundation to support Scouting and Guiding worldwide

</doc>
<doc id="5941783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941783" title="Tii">
Tii

"Tii" ("Road" or "Path") was the entry of Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed by Neiokõsõ. It was composed by Priit Pajusaar and Glen Pilvre, and the lyrics, written in the Võro language, spoken in South-Eastern Estonia, were written by Aapo Ilves.
"Tii" was the first Estonian entry that was chosen by televoting rather than a jury. There were 10 songs in the national final "Eurolaul" and "Tii" won overwhelmingly, receiving 8696 votes, more than twice as much as the song that finished second.
Neiokõsõ was led by the sisters Anu Taul and Triinu Taul who come from a famous Taul folk music family from the South of Estonia, supported by Kadri Uutma, Diana Põld and Astrid Böning, and Peeter Jõgioja on drums.
As Estonia had not finished in the top 10 at the previous Contest, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed seventeenth (following Slovenia's Platin with "Stay Forever" and preceding Croatia's Ivan Mikulić with "You Are The Only One"). At the close of voting, it had received 57 points, placing it 11th in the 22-strong field - one place (14 points) short of qualification to the final and thus ensuring that Estonia would need to pass through the semi-final at their next appearance as well.
It was succeeded as the Estonian representative at the 2005 contest by Suntribe with "Let's Get Loud".

</doc>
<doc id="5941785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941785" title="Ebb Tide (The Wire)">
Ebb Tide (The Wire)

"Ebb Tide" is the first episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon, from a story by Simon and Ed Burns, and was directed by Ed Bianchi. It originally aired on June 1, 2003.
Production.
Title and epigraph.
The title alludes to the fact that the fortunes of many of the main characters are at low point at the beginning of this season, with McNulty, Greggs and Daniels all very much where they do not want to be. It also refers to the dead body that drifted from the tide and was picked up by McNulty's police boat.
The episode's epigraph is
Here Little Big Roy refers to the ports and their place in the chain. It also refers to the fortune of heavy industries as a whole, where manpower is replaced by automated machinery, a point alluded to throughout the season.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Paul Ben Victor, Clarke Peters, Amy Ryan and Chris Bauer are all new additions to the opening credits this season. Despite his credit Clarke Peters does not appear in this episode. Credited stars Frankie Faison, Larry Gilliard, Jr., Deirdre Lovejoy and Andre Royo do not appear in this episode.
Guest stars.
Although credited, Seth Gilliam does not appear in this episode.
Plot.
McNulty.
Officer Jimmy McNulty, who has been demoted and reassigned to the Baltimore police department marine unit, complains to his new partner Claude Diggins about the cold. They are called to a ship with engine trouble that is hosting a party. The party organizer bribes McNulty to tow them out of the shipping lanes but not to shore so that they can continue their festivities.
The next day McNulty discovers a female corpse in the harbor and identifies it as relatively fresh but notes it has broken legs. Ray Cole is the homicide detective who gets the case - he meets McNulty on the shore. McNulty visits his old homicide unit looking for Bunk Moreland. He checks in with Sergeant Landsman and asks if he is to blame for him getting his nightmare assignment in the marine unit. Landsman denies any malicious intent in letting Rawls know about McNulty's aversion to the job. McNulty learns that Cole has missed several key pieces of information about the corpse that he discovered and that homicide commander Colonel Rawls has passed the case off to Baltimore County because it was found east of the bridge. McNulty spends his next few hours studying tides and charts of the harbor as he attempts to prove where the body was dumped into the water; he types up a report and faxes it to the county homicide unit. Rawls and Landsman immediately realize McNulty's involvement when the case is passed back to them.
Southeastern District.
Detective Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski meets with Major Valchek, his father-in-law, to discuss his career options. Prez wants to stay in narcotics and work cases like the recently finished Barksdale investigation. Valchek wants him to progress through the ranks and have a career in the department, and quickly dismisses Prez's own plans. Valchek's office is filled with newly delivered stained glass decorations.
Headquarters.
In the narcotics unit, Kima Greggs is working at her desk job and Detective Thomas "Herc" Hauk has returned to easier street cases following the dissolution of the Barksdale detail. Herc tells Kima that she is "pussy whipped" because she allows her romantic partner, Cheryl, to control her work life. When Kima returns home to Cheryl, they discuss possible fathers for artificial insemination along with Kima's job dissatisfaction.
Homicide detective Bunk Moreland visits his old partner McNulty at the docks to ask if he can help him locate witness Omar Little for the trial of Barksdale soldier Marquis "Bird" Hilton for the murder of William Gant. Bunk later goes to the storage basement to retrieve his evidence for the trial. He has a chance meeting with the recently dissolved Barksdale detail's commander Lieutenant Daniels, who is now in charge of the evidence room, and they discuss Bird's upcoming trial. Bunk is dismayed to learn that his evidence has been lost. Daniels insists that the entire basement be pulled apart to locate the evidence. That evening, Bunk meets with McNulty in a bar and again asks him for help locating Omar, but to no avail.
Barksdale organization.
Bodie Broadus drives out to Central Philadelphia with another Barksdale drug dealer named Shamrock. He collects a car from a parking garage and drives it to another side street garage where it is stripped down. Bodie is enraged when the car is devoid of any narcotics and he worries over calling his superiors to let them know. Stringer Bell, leader of the organization while Avon Barksdale is imprisoned, orders them to return to Baltimore and report to the funeral home. Stringer checks that Bodie and Shamrock stuck to their assigned times and recorded their mileage. He also quizzes them separately to see if there was an opportunity for either one of them to steal anything. Finally he reveals that he had them followed the whole trip by Tank and a newly returned soldier called Country. Bodie is later seen running a drug dealing crew on a corner much like D'Angelo Barksdale used to. Bodie checks his count and discusses his resupply from a dealer named Mo Man with his second, Puddin.
Stringer visits Avon in prison and they discuss a delivery connection with New York named Roberto. It is this connection who failed to deliver the product they sent Bodie to collect. Stringer's surveillance allowed him to check the integrity of his people, so he has identified the source of the problem as New York. Avon counsels that he must be firm when he demands their product. Stringer asks how he is managing with his sentence and Avon tells him he only really serves two days: the day he went in and the day he is released. Stringer later meets with Roberto's lawyer in New York City, who explains that Roberto Castillan de Silva has been arrested by the DEA and was concerned Avon's light prison sentence was the result of implicating Roberto to authorities. He is assured that his funds are being returned to him, but the New York suppliers no longer feel safe dealing with him because Avon's arrest and mild sentence raise concerns that he may be a police informant.
Dock business.
Stevedores' Union Secretary Treasurer Frank Sobotka meets with another union leader, Nat Coxson, who is angry that the Baltimore grain pier is still in a state of disrepair. Frank is disparaged by his colleagues, including Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa and Ott, for taking the verbal abuse, but he laughs it off. Frank meets with his nephew Nick Sobotka and learns he is working for the first time in two weeks; Frank tells Nick to see someone named 'The Greek' about a container they have coming in. He hears from another worker, La La, that his son Ziggy has lost a container. Frank tells Ziggy that he is fired, but this is a regular occurrence.
Frank later visits a church where he has donated a stained glass window imported from Esslingen, Germany. He requests that the priest, Father Lewandowski, set up a meeting with Senator Barbara Mikulski for him to discuss the difficulties at the docks. Major Valchek delivers his own window to the church on behalf of Polish police officers and firefighters, but is angry that the dock union beat him to it.
Later in Delores' bar, the rest of the stevedores drink heavily and the senior members, including Moonshot, Chess, and Little Big Roy, riotously discuss days gone by. Ziggy organizes a rebuke from younger stevedores Nick, Johnny Fifty, and Big Roy. Ziggy is the center of attention, showing off and exposing himself while standing on a table, until the band (guest stars The Nighthawks as themselves) begin to play.
Nick is awoken in his parents basement by his mother banging on the ceiling. She chastises him for getting up late when a ship is due. Ziggy sleeps on the sofa. Nick walks out to meet with the Greeks and bumps into his friend Johnny Fifty. As Johnny and Nick bemoan the lack of work for younger stevedores, Ziggy catches up with them. Nick reluctantly lets Ziggy drive out to his meeting with "The Greek". Ziggy embarrasses Nick by talking too much and offending Sergei, a Ukrainian driver, by calling him Boris. Nick's meeting is about a container that the Greek wants Sergei to drive away from the docks for him. Nick reports back to Frank and Horseface with the details and informs Frank their cut will be the same. Just before Nick arrives, the local dock police officer Beadie Russell jovially asks Frank what he is stealing today. Later, Frank and Horseface are dismayed when Sergei leaves the container sitting on the dock for several hours. When they insist he get on with things, Sergei drives away. Frank orders Pakusa to "lose" the container in the stack, so as to make it less conspicuous.
Later, Officer Russell stumbles across the Greek's container and notices the broken customs seal. She finds the bodies of over a dozen young women in the back of the container and calls for back up. The stevedores gather around as the police arrive. Frank is shocked to learn that there were dead women in the container.

</doc>
<doc id="5941796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941796" title="Sudanese Communist Party">
Sudanese Communist Party

The Sudanese Communist Party (SCP) is a communist party in the Republic of Sudan. Founded in 1946, it was a major force in Sudanese politics (and one of the two most influential communist parties in the Arab world, with the Iraqi Communist Party) until 1971, when military ruler Gaafar al-Nimeiry launched a wave of repression against the party after a failed coup implicated the involvement of some Communist officers. Abdel Khaliq Mahjub, Joseph Garang, Alshafi Ahmed Elshikh, Babkir Elnour, Hashim Elatta (the best-known party leaders), were executed. The party remained officially dissolved, but some CPS politicians entered into the government.
History.
Foundation and Growth.
Individual communists influenced by the Egyptian Communist Party were active in the Sudan prior to World War Two, however the first formal communist organisation in the Sudan, and the front runner of the Sudanese Communist Party; the Sudan Movement for National Liberation, was founded in 1946. The party began as an offshoot of the Egyptian Communist Movement and during the 1940s and 50s became popular amongst students, helping the found the Students Congress in 1949. The SCP originally largely worked through different front organisations, such as Democratic Front, founded in 1954, and contested elections through the Anti-Imperialist Front.
The party joined with other groups opposed to the government of Ibrahim Abboud, and played a key role in the governments toppling in the 1964 October Revolution, joining the subsequent transitional government.
The party contested elections in the 1960s, although came into conflict with the Umma Party and NUP led government. Nevertheless, the party went on to win 8 seats at the 1965 election, with Ahmad Sulayman being elected from a territorial constituency, and Abdel Khaliq Mahjub being elected as an independent. Another member of the party, Fatma Ahmed Ibrahim, was the first woman elected to the Sudanese parliament.
The party suffered a split in late 1964/early 1965 in reaction to the Sino-Soviet split, with certain members either being expelled or voluntarily leaving to form the pro-Chinese Sudanese Communist Party – Revolutionary Leadership.
From 1965 to 1967 there was constitutional controversy as other parties tried to outlaw the SCP from partaking in parliamentary elections. Some members advocating the establishment of an ideologically broader Socialist Party of the Sudan, which survived from 1967 to 1969. Other members advocated operating underground.
Nimeiry Government and Repression.
On May 25, 1969 the Sudanese government was overthrow in a military coup led by Gaafar Nimeiry. The SCP gained influence with the new administration, and SCP policies, such as those pertaining to regional autonomy for the South were adopted by the government. Joseph Garang, an SCP member, was made the Government Minister of Southern Affairs. The SCP plan was open to the later adopted Addis Ababa Agreement, although Garang was executed in 1971 for his role in the SCP led 1971 Sudanese coup d'état.
The failed 1971 coup had its roots in historic ideological differences within the party; between the Pro-Soviet faction, and the Nationalist faction. The nationalists, such as Ahmad Sulayman and Faruq Abu Issa, wished to cooperate with the new Sudanese government. The Pro-Soviet faction, led by Abdel Khaliq Mahjub, was less supportive, and Mahjub was arrested and exiled in 1970. In 1971 pro-Communist military officers tried unsuccessful to overthrow the Nimeiry led government. Following the failed coup Mahjub, other SCP leaders, and the dissident officers were executed, and the party organisation was stomped down on.
Post-Nimeiry.
In 1985 Abdel Rahman Swar al-Dahab launched a coup d'état, overthrowing Nimeiry. In this new climate the SCP, now led by Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud, resumed its former activities and took part in the 1986 election, winning 3 seats, and returning Fatma Ahmed Ibrahim to the National Assembly.
Following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'état however the party was against repressed, with the party being banned and its leaders being arrested.
Modern History.
As of 2006, the SCP is led by Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud and plays only a marginal role. Nugud however claims the party enjoys support from a wide section of Sudanese society, including "workers, farmers, students, women's groups, minority groups, in the Nuba Mountains, in the South and in Darfur". Human rights activist Suleman Hamid El Haj is the assistant secretary and spokesman for the party.
Ideology.
Historic.
During the Cold War the party developed two main wings; an Orthodox Marxist and Pro-Soviet wing led by Abdel Khaliq Mahjub, and a Nationalist wing emphasizing a more localized Sudanese interpretation of Marxism led by Ahmad Sulayman and Faruq Abu Issa.
The party previously supported the policies and positions of the SPLM in the early 1990s.
Modern day.
The SCP advocates a return to democratic rule and opposed the secession of South Sudan. The freer political climate has allowed the party to be more active since the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement. Party leader Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud came out of two-decade hiding. Party members suffering during the decades of NIF rule had pleaded him to be more active but Nugud feared arrest. Nugud visited Juba, Southern Sudan, on 28 November 2008 for the first time in two decades at the invitation of Southern communists. The trip was aimed at “bolstering the activities of the SCP in southern Sudan”. He was received by SPLM Deputy Secretary General, Dr. Ann Itto.
The SCP and South African Communist Party recently jointly launched the African Left Network meeting in order to facilitate greater corporation amongst African Communist parties.
List of party leaders.
Abdel Khaliq Mahjub
Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud
Muhammad Mukhtar Al-Khatib

</doc>
<doc id="5941833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941833" title="Terry Allen (American football coach)">
Terry Allen (American football coach)

Terry Allen (born June 27, 1957) is the head football coach at Missouri State. He was the head coach at the University of Kansas from 1997 to 2001, where he compiled a 20–33 record. He also served as the head coach of the University of Northern Iowa, where his 75–26 record made him the winningest coach in Gateway Conference history. His teams won or shared the Gateway title from 1990 through 1996, during which time he was named the Gateway Coach of the Year five of those seasons. Allen coached future NFL players Kurt Warner, Bryce Paup, James Jones, Kenny Shedd, Dedric Ward, and Brian Mitchell while at the University of Northern Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="5941837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941837" title="Sisters of Mercy of New Jersey">
Sisters of Mercy of New Jersey

The Sisters of Mercy of New Jersey were an offshoot of the Roman Catholic Sisters of Mercy order in New Jersey whose ministry focuses on service to the community through education and health care. Now the Sisters of Mercy of New Jersey are part of the Mid-Atlantic Community of the Institute of the Sisters of Mercy of the Americas.
History.
Venerable Catherine McAuley established the first House of Mercy on September 24, 1827, in Ireland to serve the needs of homeless and abused women and children from Dublin's slums. In 1843, Frances Warde and six other Sisters traveled from to open the order's first United States mission, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. On September 24, 1873, five Sisters accompanied Mother Warde to Bordentown, New Jersey, to establish the Sisters of Mercy of New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5941840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941840" title="Faisalabad Chamber Of Commerce and Industries">
Faisalabad Chamber Of Commerce and Industries

Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce ann Industry (FCCI) is located in Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan. The Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce & Industry is certified organization which was established in 1975. It is licensed under the Trade Organization ordinance 1961 and registered with the Directorate of Trade Organization, Ministry of Commerce Government of Pakistan. Its primary objective is to promote and protect the economic interest of those who are engaged in Trade, Commerce and Industry in Faisalabad. The Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce is affiliated with the Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce and Industry(FPCCI). Now FCCI has moved to its new lush big building on Canal Road Faisalabad . 

</doc>
<doc id="5941851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941851" title="Spray bottle">
Spray bottle

A spray bottle is a bottle that can squirt, spray or mist fluids. A common use for spray bottles is dispensing cool cleaners, cosmetics, and chemical specialties. Another wide use of spray bottles is mixing down concentrates such as pine oil with water.
The first trigger sprayer manufacturer was named AFA. An interesting note is that there is only one trigger sprayer manufacturer remaining in the US.
History.
While spray bottles existed long before the middle of the 20th century, they used a rubber bulb which was squeezed to produce the spray; the quickly-moving air siphoned fluid from the bottle. The rapid improvement in plastics after World War II increased the range of fluids that could be dispensed, and reduced the cost of the sprayers because assembly could be fully automated.
The first major commercial plastic spray bottle was developed in 1947 when Dr. Jules Montenier, working with engineers from the Plax Corporation, invented a commercial use for the plastic bottle. His innovation was for “Stopette”, an underarm deodorant dispensed by squeezing the bottle. This one bottle created an explosion in the industry for the plastic bottle. "Stopette" and its patented container became part of the national consciousness when "Stopette" became the primary sponsor of the popular gameshow "What's My Line?". For the first time, plastic was competing with glass for this type of packaging.
The Drackett company, manufacturers of Windex glass cleaner, was a leader in promoting spray bottles. Roger Drackett raised soybeans, converted the soybeans to plastic using technology purchased from Henry Ford, and was an investor in the Seaquist company, an early manufacturer of sprayers and closures. Initially, the brittle nature of early plastics required that sprayers be packaged in a cardboard box, and the sprayer inserted in the glass Windex bottle by the consumer. The cost of sprayers was also a factor; consumers would reuse the sprayers with bottle after bottle of glass cleaner. As plastics improved and the cost of sprayers dropped, manufacturers were able to ship products with the sprayer already in the bottle. 
In the late 1960s, spray bottles with trigger-style actuators appeared and quickly became popular, as this design was less fatiguing to use. The original pump-style bottle remained more popular for applications like non-aerosol deodorants, where size was a factor and repeated pumps were not required. 
Modern spray bottles.
Unlike the rubber bulb dispenser which primarily moved air with a small amount of fluid, modern spray bottles use a positive displacement pump that acts directly on the fluid. The pump draws liquid up a siphon tube from the bottom of the bottle and forces it through a nozzle. Depending on the sprayer, the nozzle may or may not be adjustable, so as to select between squirting a stream, aerosolizing a mist, or dispensing a spray. 
In a spray bottle, the dispensing is powered by the user's efforts, as opposed to the spray can, in which the user simply actuates a valve and product is dispensed under pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="5941862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941862" title="What Is It?">
What Is It?

What Is It? is the name of a 2005 surrealist film written, starring, funded and directed by Crispin Glover. It is described by IMDb as "The adventures of a young man whose principal interests are snails, salt, a pipe, and how to get home. As tormented by an hubristic, racist inner psyche." As of 2008, the film has only been shown at independent theaters, typically accompanied by a question-and-answer session, a one-hour dramatic narration of eight different profusely illustrated books-slideshow, and meet-and-greet/book signing with Glover.
The film boasts an eclectic and unusual cast. Glamour models Kiva and Zoryna Dreams, as well as several other women, appear nude wearing animal heads. Most of the principal actors have Down syndrome (though this condition is not addressed in the film). Fairuza Balk lends her voice to a real snail, and Glover's role in the film is officially described as "Dueling Demi-God Auteur and The young man's inner psyche." The film includes images of a painting of a prepubescent Shirley Temple in the nude, and songs by cult leader Charles Manson and racist singer Johnny Rebel, and deals with many types and symbols of racism and prejudice. Glover defended his choices of imagery in a 2005 interview: "It's a film to help start these kinds of discussions. What is taboo, and what does that mean for the culture itself when taboo is ubiquitously excised in corporately funded and distributed film? A culture will die a death of stupidity if it doesn't have different points of view and questions that are raised." Glover made clear when touring with the film that he had no plans to sell it to a major studio nor release for home viewing.
"What Is It?" is the first in a planned trilogy, to be followed by "It Is Fine. Everything Is Fine!" and "It Is Mine".

</doc>
<doc id="5941876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941876" title="Let's Get Loud (Suntribe song)">
Let's Get Loud (Suntribe song)

"Let's Get Loud" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Suntribe. The author of the music and lyrics was Sven Lõhmus.
As Estonia had not qualified for the final in their previous appearance, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed twelfth (following Belgium's Nuno Resende with "Le grand soir" and preceding Norway's Wig Wam with "In My Dreams"). At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 20th in a field of 25 songs and failing to qualify for the final - additionally, forcing Estonia to enter the Contest at the semi-final stage at their next appearance.
Suntribe was put on by the composer Sven Lõhmus just for the occasion, the follow-up single months after the Eurovision failed short to enter the charts. The band consisted of Mari-Leen Kaselaan, Janika Vilipo, Rebecca Kontus, Laura Põldvere and Daana Ots.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2006 Contest by Sandra Oxenryd with "Through My Window".

</doc>
<doc id="5941879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941879" title="Elmyra (disambiguation)">
Elmyra (disambiguation)

Elmyra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5941884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941884" title="Henry B. Richardson">
Henry B. Richardson

Henry Barber Richardson (May 19, 1889 – November 19, 1963) was an American archer. He won two Olympic bronze medals. Richardson was the first archer to win medals at two different editions of the Olympic Games as well as the youngest medallist at the 1904 Summer Olympics at the age of 15 years and 124 days.
1904 Summer Olympics.
Richardson's first medal was in the team event at the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Missouri. 15 years old at the time, he was a member of the Boston Archers team that finished third of four teams in the event with a total of 1268 points. Richardson also placed 9th in the double York round with 439 points and 10th in the double American round with 813 points.
1908 Summer Olympics.
Four years later, at 19 years of age, he won his second bronze medal, this time in the men's double York round at the 1908 Summer Olympics. Richardson's first round was solid, but not spectacular. His score of 343 put him in 5th place, 60 points behind the leader William Dod. In the second half of the competition, however, Richardson shone. He took honors for the best round of the tournament, with 417 points (only 22 points fewer than his two-round sum 4 years previously), despite gaining little ground against Dod, who shot a 412. Richardson trailed Reginald Brooks-King by only 1 point with 3 arrows left, before finally finishing in third with 760 points to Dod's 815 and Brooks-King's 768.
He also entered the Continental style event, placing 15th with 171 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5941885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941885" title="Daboia russelii siamensis">
Daboia russelii siamensis

Daboia russelii siamensis is a venomous viper subspecies that is endemic to parts of Southeast Asia, southern China and Taiwan.
Description.
Dorsally, the color pattern is the same as that of "D. r. russelii", except that the color is more grayish or olive, with small spots between the large spot rows. The venter is suffused with gray posteriorly.
Common names.
Eastern Russell's viper, Siamese Russell's viper. 
Previously, other common names were used to described subspecies that are now part of the synonymy of this form: Indonesian Russell's viper for ""limitis"", and Formosan Russell's viper for ""formosensis"".
Geographic range.
"D. r. siamensis" is found in Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, China (Kwangsi, Kwangtung), Taiwan and Indonesia (Endeh, Flores, east Java, Komodo, Lomblen Islands).
Brown (1973) mentions that "D. russelii" (i.e., "D. r. siamensis") can also found in Vietnam, Laos and on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. Ditmars (1937) reportedly received a specimen from Sumatra as well. However, its distribution in the Indonesian archipelago is still being elucidated.
Venom.
A monovalent antivenin, called "Russell's Viper Antivenin", is made in Thailand by the Thai Red Cross to counteract the venom of this subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="5941886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941886" title="List of hospitals in Manitoba">
List of hospitals in Manitoba

This is a list of hospitals in Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="5941891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941891" title="George Sauer">
George Sauer

George Henry Sauer (December 11, 1910 – February 5, 1994) was an American football player, coach, college sports administrator, and professional football executive. He played college football as a halfback at the University of Nebraska from 1931 to 1933 and then with the Green Bay Packers of the NFL from 1935 to 1937. Sauer served as the head football coach at the University of New Hampshire (1937–1941), the University of Kansas (1946–1947), the United States Naval Academy (1948–1949), and Baylor University (1950–1955), compiling a career college football record of 78–55–9. He was also the head basketball coach at New Hampshire for one season in 1938–39, tallying a mark of 3–14. Sauer was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1954. 
Sauer attended the University of Nebraska where he was an All-American halfback under Dana X. Bible. He coached at the University of New Hampshire from 1937 to 1941. Although he only coached two years at Kansas, he compiled a 15–3–2 (.786) record. 
Sauer was a World War II veteran, having obtained the rank of lieutenant colonel. He went on to become Baylor's athletic director. He was named general manager of the NFL's New York Titans in 1961 and was director of player personnel from 1962 to 1969. He was also General Manager of the Boston Patriots in 1969 and 1970.
Sauer was the father of American Football League All-League wide receiver George Sauer, Jr. of the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="5941960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941960" title="Golf Resort Tycoon">
Golf Resort Tycoon

Golf Resort Tycoon is a business simulation computer game developed by Cat Daddy Games and published by Activision in 2001.
Gameplay.
The game is based on the premise of players constructing their own golf resorts with a limited amount of funds hoping to earn more income through the satisfaction of the resort's attendees.
There are two gameplay modes: Instant Action and Challenges. Instant Action allows a player to freely create his own golf resort. Challenges requires a player to complete specific series of tasks.
Reception.
Most of the reviews for Golf Resort Tycoon stated that it was a mediocre game overall. Gamespot gave it a 6.2, stating ""Golf Resort Tycoon" can be a nice diversion and a decent way to kill time in short spurts, but it's definitely not for everyone."
Sequels.
A sequel to "Golf Resort Tycoon", "Golf Resort Tycoon II" was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5941977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941977" title="Through My Window">
Through My Window

"Through My Window" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Sandra Oxenryd.
As Estonia had not qualified for the final in their previous appearance, the song was performed in the semi-final. Here, it was performed twenty-first (following Sweden's Carola with "Invincible" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Hari Mata Hari with "Lejla"). At the close of voting, it had received 28 points, placing 18th in a field of 23 - missing the final and forcing Estonia to qualify through the semi-final at their next appearance.
On stage with Sandra Oxenryd, there were 3 backing singers from Sweden, and Estonians Dagmar Oja and Jelena Juzvik.
Following the Contest, the song was covered by South African boy band Hi-5 as "Daai Liedje" (Your Song).

</doc>
<doc id="5941978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941978" title="KNJO-LP">
KNJO-LP

KNJO-LP was a fully automated low-power television station serving Holbrook, Arizona, as an America One affiliate. It provided over-the-air service in analog on VHF channel 6 from its transmitter about 5 miles (8 km) south-southwest of downtown Holbrook and had a construction permit to build a digital television station on UHF channel 15. KNJO-LP was owned by KM Communications of Skokie, Illinois.
History.
An original construction permit for a low-power television station on channel 6 was granted to KM Communications on October 17, 2002. The original callsign was K06NL, but KM Communications soon changed it to KNJO-LP for Navajo County, of which Holbrook is the county seat. The station was licensed on October 28, 2005 as Holbrook's second local over-the-air television station.
KNJO went off the air on April 27, 2012 due to vandalism that damaged its equipment, and economic factors that prevented repairs; it never returned to the air, and the license was canceled on June 19, 2013. 
Digital television.
In June 2006, the FCC opened a window for low-power television stations to file short-form applications for digital companion channels for the DTV transition. KM Communications applied for UHF channel 15 for KNJO-LD on June 30, 2006 and on January 12, 2007, the FCC granted a construction permit to build the station, to expire in three years.

</doc>
<doc id="5941993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941993" title="Mala onda">
Mala onda

Mala onda () is a bildungsroman novel and social commentary by Alberto Fuguet. It is also Fuguet's debut novel, first published in 1991.
"Mala onda" is set in Chile during a ten-day period in late 1980, around the time of the Chilean constitutional referendum. The protagonist is Matías Vicuña, a maladjusted, upper class, 17-year-old boy who is jaded and frustrated by what he perceives as the folly and blandness of his family and peers.
The novel examines the Chilean emulation of North American consumerism, in the context of a growing opposition to the dictatorial rule of Augusto Pinochet in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="5941994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5941994" title="Administrative divisions of Tula Oblast">
Administrative divisions of Tula Oblast


</doc>
<doc id="5942003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942003" title="History of Cumbria">
History of Cumbria

The history of Cumbria as a county of England begins with the Local Government Act 1972. Its territory and constituent parts however have a long history under various other administrative and historic units of governance. Long existing as an upland, coastal and rural area, Cumbria's heritage is characterised by a broad number of invasions, migration and settlement, as well as battles and skirmishes between the English and Scottish.
Character.
Cumbria was created in 1974 from territory of the historic counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancashire North of the Sands and a small part of Yorkshire, but the human history of the area is ancient. The region is a country of contrasts, with its mountainous central region and famous lakes, its fertile coastal plains in the north and its gently undulating hills in the south. It is a place of rock and water, and this seems to have been the key to the area's long popularity.
In the 21st century Cumbria relies on tourism and farming as economic bases, but industry has historically also played a vital role in the area's fortunes. The region might have enjoyed far greater prosperity were it not for its politico-geographical position: its proximity to Scotland has meant that for much of its history Cumbria has been disputed between the Scots and the English. Raids from Scotland were frequent until the Acts of Union 1707 and the large area of coastline also meant vulnerability to Irish and Norse raids.
Cumbria has historically been fairly isolated. Until the coming of the railway, much of the region would have been difficult to reach and even today there are routes which make most motorists a little nervous. In the harsher winter months, some of the central valleys are occasionally cut off from the outside world. This made the area something of a refuge for dispossessed peoples, which may well account for the popular conception of Cumbria as a provincial backwater: quaint and archaic. Enclaves of Brythonic Celts remained until around the 10th century, long after much of England was essentially 'English', and the Norse retained a distinct identity well into the Middle Ages. After that Cumbria remained something of a 'no mans' land' between Scotland and England, which meant that the traditional Cumbrian identity was neither English nor Scottish.
Since the Act of Union, the border areas have become more firmly English or Scottish. Whilst Cumbrians are generally hospitable to short-term visitors, they are said to have an uncertain attitude to offcomers.
Please note that the use of the word "Cumbria" or "Cumbrians" in what follows is taken to mean "that area ", or "the peoples living in that area, that subsequently became the county of Cumbria in 1974". Although the term "Cumbria" was in use in the tenth century AD, this was really a description of an entity belonging to the small kingdom of Strathclyde. In the twelfth century, Cumberland and Westmorland came into existence as administrative entities (along with Lancashire north of the sands).
Prehistory.
Earliest Inhabitants.
Until around 13,000 years ago, Cumbria would have been uninhabitable because it was been completely covered with thick ice sheets, which were largely responsible for carving out the valleys of the Lake District. Although evidence has been put forward for Upper Paleolithic habitation in the south of the county, it is generally accepted by archaeologists that most of the earliest inhabitants of Cumbria arrived during the Mesolithic era, less than 10,000 years ago.
Upper Paleolithic, c.16000 - 8000 BC.
The climate warmed at the end of the last Ice Age (the Devensian period), with the retreating ice uncovering Cumbria (except maybe for some ice sheets left in the central Lake District area) between around 10500 BC - 9000 BC. It is likely that the sea-level rose due to ice-melt, but this may have been offset in Cumbria by a rise in the land-levels, helping to maintain a long Irish Sea coastline. The coastal areas may have been favourable to humans, in terms of being relatively low-lying, extensive, and with a good climate.
The landscape would have been of a Tundra-like nature, with pollen analysis showing that, from c.10000 BC, juniper and birch trees were beginning to colonise the more low-lying regions. In terms of fauna, there was elk, reindeer and some evidence of horse being available in the southern areas. A cold period between c.10000 to c.8800 BC, that saw some ice return, came to an end with the result that juniper and birch returned, followed by deciduous trees (hazel, pine, oak and elm, with oak and alder being found more in Cumbria than in other northern areas). Grasses and sedges from the previous, tundra-like, era have been found trapped in peat bogs that were forming c.8000 BC in some areas.
Barrowclough says that: "the earliest evidence for human, hunter-gatherer, occupation of Cumbria dates to the Late Upper Paleolithic c.16000-8000 BC. The evidence is sparse...As a consequence it is impossible to reconstruct any meaningful pattern of occupation. Although limited, the Late Upper Paleolithic material from Cumbria is the earliest evidence of settlement in Britain this far north-west and as such is of national importance (Wymer 1981, 77)" 
The only evidence of occupation of Cumbria during this period is found around the coast of Morecambe Bay, near Lower Allithwaite. Presumably, the climate was slightly warmer in the south of the county area, and access to seafood, boat travel, and a ready-made shelter were key factors in the location of people. "Lithic material from Kirkhead Cave near Grange...has been dated to... c.11000-9500 BC" (See: Lithic flake). Other lithic blades were found at Lindale Low Cave at the mouth of the River Kent, in caves at Blenkett Wood, Allithwaite, and at Bart's Shelter, Furness (including reindeer and elk bones).
Mesolithic, c. 8000 - 4000 BC.
The Mesolithic era in Cumbria saw a warming of the climate, (estimated at being below 0 deg C on average in c.8000 BC, rising to temperatures around what they were in the 1980s by around 6000 BC). This was accompanied by increased rainfall and rising sea-levels, the land-bridge with Europe disappearing by around 5300 BC. Despite what must have been substantial loss of coastal land, the overall climatic conditions favoured the movement of humans into the region. 
The landscape of Cumbria became covered by deciduous woodland, and hazel, birch and pine were predominant. From around 5000 BC, alder became widespread, due to the increased rainfall, with oak and elm decreasing. Red deer, roe deer, elk, auroc, as well as the smaller mammals, cattle, and fish were available for prehistoric humans to feed off.
It is thought that settlers made their way across Morecambe Bay and along the fertile coast whose resources could have been exploited. At that time the upland central region of the county was probably heavily forested and very dangerous. In such circumstances, humans would have kept to the coastal areas, and around estuaries in particular: "sheltered locations around estuaries, lagoons or marine inlets" "The reason is probably due to the variety and abundance of food resources combined with fresh water and shelter that make estuaries more favoured locations than purely coastal sites".
Evidence for the Early Mesolithic period in Cumbria is largely confined to finds in caves. In the 1990s, human bones were found in Kents Bank Cavern (in the north Morecambe Bay area) which were subsequently (2013) dated to the early Mesolithic, making the find "the most northerly early Mesolithic human remains in the British Isles." (Horse and elk remains, from an earlier date, were also found). For the Late Mesolithic, evidence comes from pits at Monk Moors and burning of heathland in the Eden Valley floodplain. 
In the north Cumbrian plain, around the Carlisle area and into southern Scotland, evidence has been found for woodland clearance and deliberate fire-setting as a method of managing the landscape during the Mesolithic period.
Large Mesolithic flint-chipping sites, where flints washed up from the Irish Sea were worked into tools, have been found at Eskmeals, near Ravenglass on the west coast, and at Walney in the south. At Williamson's Moss in the Eskmeals area, Bonsall discovered 34,000 pieces of worked flint (pebble flint), chert and tuff, plus wooden raft-like structures that suggest permanent or semi-permanent settlement by the wandering hunter-gatherer population. Over 30,000 artefacts were discovered at Monk Moors, also part of the Eskmeals raised shoreline area. These sites were probably used across several thousands of years, not just during the Mesolithic.
In the west Cumbrian plain, the evidence comes mainly from raised beaches of former coastlines (formed in the sixth millennium), and in south Cumbria evidence of charcoal burning and small-scale clearing has been found. There is some evidence also of continuing occupation of the caves around Morecambe Bay and in the Levens Park area.
With the disappearance of the elk as the climate changed, Mesolithic Cumbrians would rely on eating wild fowl, small mammals and fish (salmon and trout), with upland areas providing red deer, auroc and wild pig. There is evidence of widespread trade in items such as flint. An increase in evidence of disturbed ground, wood-clearing and cereal pollen in Cumbria during the fifth millennium BC indicates the transition from the Mesolithic to the Neolithic period. "The evidence suggests that small-scale agriculture may have gradually become part of the Mesolithic repertoire, in addition to the established lifestyle of gathering, hunting and fishing".
The earliest evidence of such cultivation comes from the coasts and the Eden Valley and dates to c.4000 BC, but the population seems to have been moving around the landscape, particularly up and down the valleys, with fresh water and also the meeting points of valleys (as at Gleaston and Breastmill Beck in Furness) being the main factors for occupation.
Neolithic, c.4500 - 2350 BC.
There is much more visible evidence of Neolithic activity than of any earlier period. This consists mostly of finds of axes and the presence of monuments (stone circles, cairns). However, " there are few settlement traces represented either by physical structures or surface flintwork"..."pottery finds are...very poorly represented in Cumbria". This was a time of technological advances and population expansion. The change from Mesolithic to Neolithic in Cumbria was gradual and characterised by continuity. The change "is marked by the appearance of ...leaf-shaped arrowheads, scrapers and polished stone axes together with pottery and ceremonial and funerary monuments".
At some point, the Mesolithic coastal communities must have moved further inland, probably following rivers along valley corridors into the heart of Lakeland. However, there is a question of how many moved. "The small amount of early Neolithic flintwork from the coastal plain has been taken to suggest a move away from the coast inland where the monuments of the Neolithic tend to be located. An alternative view suggests that the same level of coastal settlement and exploitation that had been common in the Mesolithic continued into the Neolithic, but that in the later period there was also an expansion of activity into other parts of the landscape"
"Our best evidence for permanent settlement, however, comes from the site of Plasketlands, near Mawbray on the Solway Plain...". Here, a ditched enclosure with large post-holes in an 'annexe' was excavated and has an Early Neolithic dating of c.4000-3300 BC. These enclosures are associated with the building of long cairns, as at Skelmore Heads and Howe Robin, and with stone axes, as at Carrock Fell. Later on, monuments would become more 'institutionalised' and develop into stone circles and henges, reflecting a more localised and settled focus to occupation, as opposed to marking meeting points for trade and exchange that had been the case earlier. 
The best-known Neolithic site in the West Cumbrian Plain is Ehenside Tarn, with roughout (unfinished) and polished axes, plain bowl pottery, cattle and deer bones. The latter, plus evidence of, for example, Red Deer bones at Bardsea in South Cumbria, suggest a continuation of hunter-gathering alongside more settled, agricultural, means of living (i.e.: a mixed-farming set-up). Ehenside points up the use of wetland areas by Neolithic Cumbrians - the finds there were discovered when the Tarn was drained. "Wetland areas, whether open water or bog, were foci for beliefs and ritual practices alongside contemporary monuments, and it is, therefore, interesting to note there was a standing stone near Ehenside Tarn".
South Cumbria, and especially Furness and Walney, is the area where most of the axe finds have been made (67 examples - accounting for half of the total of axe finds in Cumbria). This is probably due to the area's proximity to the Langdale 'axe factory'. Many of the axes seem to have been intentionally deposited in moss areas and in fissures in rocks.
Indeed, the most famous and important find of Neolithic activity in Cumbria is the so-called 'Langdale Axe Factory', where many thousands of axe heads were made from the green volcanic tuff found on the Pike O'Stickle from around 6000 BC. The axe heads were not only for local use in weapons: they have been found widely over the United Kingdom from Norfolk to Northern Ireland, and seem to have often been used for ceremonial or ritual purposes. The colouring of the stones may have had ritualistic meaning. Apparently the green rock created a sense of mystery and magic. Roughout axes have also been found at sites throughout Cumbria, suggesting that axes were originally roughed out at Great Langdale and then sent or taken to various sites where they were finished into a polished state (Ehenside Tarn, near Sellafield and Mossgarth near Portinscale seem to be examples of this 'secondary working'). A later phase indicates more finished and less wasteful working in the Langdale area itself, with fewer 'roughouts' being sent out. Most of these axes "date to the period c.2750-2000 BC when agriculture was already established", and many were deposited in wetland areas, perhaps deliberately for ritualistic reasons, rather than just having been lost.
Also at this time, possibly reflecting economic power created by the Axe Factory, stone circles and henges began to be built across the county. Indeed, " Cumbria has one of the largest number of preserved field monuments in England". The Neolithic examples include the impressive henge at Mayburgh, near Penrith, and a partly destroyed one at nearby King Arthur's Round Table (KART); as well as the Castlerigg Stone Circle above Keswick. The megalith Long Meg, along with Little Meg and a circle at Glassonby may also have been erected at this time, although they are also possibly early Bronze Age in date. The stone circles, henges, cairns and other standing stones are often grouped at nodes of communication routes. The Shap Stone Avenue to the south of Penrith, (including the Goggleby Stone, the Thunder Stone, the South Shap circle, Skellaw Hill, as well as Oddendale to the east), forms an 'avenue' running to the east of the River Lowther along a main route to the north; the Long Meg complex runs alongside the River Eden; Mayburgh and the other henges run alongside the River Eamont near its confluence with the River Lowther; Castlerigg was probably on a ridge overlooking wetlands and was (and still is) a focal point in the landscape.
Some of the stones have designs (spirals, circles, grooves and cup-marks) on them which may have indicated the presence of other monuments or gathering-places and/or signaled the trackways and other routes through the landscape, particularly through the river valleys to sources of food, to ritual gathering places, or to sources of axes.
As well as providing focal points for the gathering of people for the purposes of trade, of ritual, and, in the Late Neolithic, for more 'tenurial' settlement and ownership of land, the stone circles probably had cosmological uses as well. For example, the Long Meg stone itself, which stands outside its accompanying circle, is aligned with the circle's centre on the point of the midwinter sunset. The use of different coloured stones here is possibly linked to observations made at the times of equinoxes and solstices.
Bronze Age, c. 2500 - 700 BC.
By the Bronze Age, settlements in Cumbria are likely to have taken a much more permanent form. Like the transition from Mesolithic to Neolithic, the transition from Neolithic to Early Bronze Age was gradual and continuity of sites is likely. Unlike in southern England, where the transition is marked by the 'Beaker Period', in Cumbria and the north-west burials with beaker pottery are rare, with only a handful of such burials recorded. (Instead, circular wooden and then stone structures subsequently sealed by cairns and used over centuries was the preferred method).
In the Early Bronze Age, evidence of greatly increased woodland clearing combined with cereal growing has been found in the pollen record for the North Cumbrian Plain, Solway Firth and the coastal areas. Very little evidence of occupation exists, although a number of potential sites have been identified by aerial photographic work. The site at Plasketlands seems typical of "a combination of arable, grazing, peat, alluvium and marine resources".
Collared urns have been found at sites such as the former Garlands Hospital, Aughertree Fell, Aglionby, and at Eskmeals (with a cist burial, cremation pits, and a flint-knapping site). Activity round the Morecambe Bay region seems to have been less than in the West Cumbrian Coastal Plain, although there is evidence for significant settlement on Walney Island, and at Sizergh, Levens Park and Allithwaite where Beaker burials took place.
This southern area of the county also has approximately 85 examples of perforated axe-hammers, rarely found in the rest of the county. These, like the Neolithic stone axes, seem to have been deposited deliberately (with axe finds being more coastal in distribution). The increase in the use of these perforated axes probably accounted for the decline in the Langdale axe factory which occurred c. 1500 BC. "New designs of perforated stone axes were developed, and Langdale tuffs were discovered by experiment to be too fragile to allow perforation." Non-perforated axes were abandoned and other sources of lithic material were sought from other parts of the England. Copper and bronze tools only seem to have arrived in Cumbria very gradually through the second millennium. Indeed, by c. 1200 BC there is evidence of a breakdown in technology usage and trade between the northern, highland areas, including Cumbria, and the southern areas of the country. This was not compensated for by home-grown metallurgical working.
In terms of burial practices, both inhumations (burials of non-cremated bodies) and cremations took place in Cumbria, with cremations (268) being more favoured than inhumations (51). Most burials were associated with cairns (26) but other monuments were also used: round barrows (14); 'flat' cemeteries (12); stone circles (9); plus use of ring cairns, standing stones and other monuments. Burials for inhumations (in barrows and cairns) are found on the surface, as at Oddendale, or in pits, usually with a cist formed in it, as at Moor Divock, Askham. Cremation burials may also be found "in a pit, cist, below a pavement, or roughly enclosed by a stone cist". Often, there are multiple burials not associated with any monument - another indication of continuity with Neolithic practice. Cremated bones placed in food vessels was followed by a later practice of placement in collared or uncollared urns, although many burials had no urns involved at all. A capping stone was often placed on the urn, which could be either upright or inverted. Ritualistic deposition into Cumbrian grave-sites include: broken artefacts, such as single beads from a necklace (as at Ewanrigg); sherds of Beaker or Collared Urn pottery; bone pins, buttons, jet, slate, clay ornaments; ochre, or red porphyry and quartz crystals (as at Birkrigg, Urswick); knives, daggers and hunting equipment.
Bronze Age artefacts have been uncovered throughout the county, including several bronze axe heads around Kendal and Levens, an axe and a sword at Gleaston, an intriguing carved granite ball near Carlisle and part of a gold necklace believed to be from France or Ireland found at Greysouthen. A timber palisade has also been discovered at High Crosby near Carlisle. Again, there is continuity between Bronze-age and Neolithic practice of deposition. There seems to be an association between the distribution of stone perforated axe-hammers and bronze metalwork deposition in the area of Furness. Of the approximately 200 bronze implements found in Cumbria, about half have been found in the Furness and Cartmel region. Most are flanged axes (21), and flanged spearheads (21), palstaves (20), and flat and socketed axes (16 each). Early Bronze Age metalwork distribution is largely along communication valleys (such as the Eden valley), and on the Furness and West Cumbrian plains, with evidence on the west coast (for example, a find at Maryport) of connections with Ireland. In the Middle Bronze Age, deposition seems to have switched from burials to wet places, presumably for ritualistic reasons. In the Late Bronze Age, socketed axe finds are the most common (62), but are rare in West Cumbria, which also lacks finds of the angle-flanged type. Hoards (two or more items) of deposited Bronze Age metalwork are rare in Cumbria, (notably at Ambleside, Hayton, Fell Lane, Kirkhead Cave, Skelmore Heads), for reasons that are still being discussed. Most are from the Middle Bronze Age period.
As mentioned above, evidence of actual metalworking in Cumbria during this period is scarce. There is some sign of copper ore extraction around the Coniston area, but the most notable find is of a tuyère, (a clay pipe connecting the bellows to a furnace), found at Ewanrigg and which is a rare example from the Early Bronze Age. Two-part stone moulds have also been found at Croglin.
Ritual or 'religious' sites can be seen across the county and are often clearly visible. Cairns and round barrows can be found throughout the area and a cemetery has been discovered near Allithwaite. More impressive remains include stone circles, such as Birkrigg stone circle, Long Meg and Her Daughters, Swinside, and Little Meg. 32 bronze artefacts have been discovered in the Furness district covering a long period of time (c. 2300 - 500 BC), suggesting that this region was held to have special meaning to the people there. In the Late Bronze Age, defended hilltop settlements along the northern shore of Morecambe Bay, with metalworking, special functions and long-term deposition of artefacts associated with them, were probably precursors to later Iron Age hill-forts. However, many of these defended settlements appear to have been abandoned, probably due to a deterioration in the climate from c. 1250 BC to roughly the beginning of the Iron Age.
Iron Age, c. 800 BC - 100 AD.
The Iron Age in Britain saw the arrival of Celtic culture - including certain art forms and languages - as well as the obvious increase in the production of iron. The people of Great Britain and Ireland were divided into various tribes: in Cumbria the Carvetii may have dominated most of the county for a time, perhaps being based in the Solway Plain and centred on Carlisle, although an alternative view has their pre-Roman centre at Clifton Dykes.
The Setantii were possibly situated in the south of the county, until both were perhaps incorporated into the Brigantes who occupied much of northern England. (The status - especially that of the relationship with the Brigantes - and location of the Carvetii and Setantii is disputed by historians). They probably spoke Cumbric, a variety of the ancient British language of Brythonic, (or Common Brittonic), the predecessor of modern Welsh, and probably named some of the county's topographical features such as its rivers (e.g. Kent, Eden, Cocker, Levens) and mountains (e.g. Blencathra).
There appear to be many remains of Iron Age settlement in Cumbria, including hill forts such as those at Maiden Castle and Dunmallard Hill and many hundreds of smaller settlements and field systems. However, securely dateable evidence of Iron Age activity in Cumbria is thin. In North Cumbria, hillforts have been dated to c. 500 BC at Carrock Fell and Swarthy Hill, as well as a burial at Rise Hill and a bog body at Scaleby Moss. 
A large number of enclosure sites have been identified from aerial photographs in the Solway Plain. There are also possible sites re-used by the Romans at Bousted Hill and Fingland, as well as at Ewanrigg and Edderside. Early Iron Age finds in West Cumbria are limited to sites at Eskmeals and Seascale Moss (with another bog body). In the south, 'hillforts' have been identified at Skelmore Heads, Castle Head, Warton Crag and an enclosure at Urswick. However, Cumbria appears not to have any of the so-called 'developed hillforts' (enlarged from earlier versions, around 3-7ha in area, with multiple ditches and complex entrances), suggesting that few, if any, were still being used in the pre-Roman Iron Age, apparently having been abandoned.
The abandonment of land and settlements noted above is probably explained by climate change. Between c. 1250 BC and c. 800 BC, the climate deteriorated to the extent that, in Cumbria, upland areas and marginal areas of cultivation were no longer sustainable. Woodland clearing happened, however, combined with signs of increased soil erosion: production capacity may have been seriously affected, with agriculture being forcibly replaced by pastoralism, and with a resultant "population crisis" at the beginning of the Iron Age.
However, an improvement in climatic conditions from c. 800 BC to c. 100 AD occurred. A major de-forestation period, linked to increased cereal production, seems to have taken place (according to pollen records) towards the end of the 1st millennium BC. This is also associated with a slight rise in sea level that may explain the lack of evidence for low-lying settlements. There is sparse evidence for the Late Iron Age and early Romano-British periods. Nevertheless, enclosures seen from aerial photography in upland areas such as Crosby Garrett and Crosby Ravensworth, together with similar evidence from the Solway Plain and Eden Valley, (see the section below on Life in Roman Cumbria for a listing of the main sites), point to the populous nature of the territory held by the Brigantes (as noted by Tacitus in the 'Agricola'). The view of historians now seems to be that the hillforts were becoming centres of economic activity and were less in the nature of dominating power-centres. "Indeed, the north-west, far from being a backward region of Britain in the late Iron Age, can be seen as progressive and entrepreneurial." This was true, however, only in certain areas of the north-west: the Solway Plain, the Eden and Lune valleys, and perhaps southern Cumbria and Cheshire, which may have been "thriving".
The traditional Iron Age roundhouse, enclosed by a ditch and revetted bank, was used by the Carvetii. Sometimes, dry-stone walls were used instead of the bank. However, a roundhouse at Wolsty Hall has two opposed entrances and a ring-grooved external wall, which may indicate a northern, regional variety of roundhouse building.
(Later, in the mid-Roman period, probably in the third-century, a change took place in that the round structures were replaced by rectilinear buildings on some sites). 
Most of the population, the total size of which at its peak has been estimated at between 20,000-30,000 people, lived in scattered communities, usually consisting of just a single family group. They practised mixed agriculture, with enclosures for arable use, but also with enclosed and unenclosed pasture fields.
Evidence of burial practices is extremely rare. Inhumations have been found at Risehow, and possibly at Butts Beck (crouched individuals in pits and ditches) as well as two very rare cemeteries with multiple individuals (only approximately 30 Iron Age cemeteries exist in Britain in total) at Nelson Square, Levens and at Crosby Garrett. The Butts Beck burial included the body of a 'warrior' along with his weapons and a horse (although this might have been a horse and cart burial, rather than a warrior one, with the wooden cart having rotted away). The bog body at Scaleby and the one at Seascale are difficult to date, and, since the excavations were done in the nineteenth century and lacked today's archaeological techniques, the evidence for Druidical ritual sacrifice, as appears with some other bog bodies in Britain and Europe, is not present in the Cumbrian examples. However, both bodies were buried with a wooden stick or wand, which conforms to other bog-burial practice elsewhere. The finding of stone heads at Anthorn and at Rickerby Park, Carlisle, also conforms to the Celtic 'Cult of the Head' and ritualistic sacrifice. This may be true also of the bronze buckets or cauldrons deposited at Bewcastle and at Ravenstonedale which indicate connections with Ireland. The early name of Carlisle, 'Luguvalium', meaning 'belonging to Luguvalos', suggests a tribal chief in charge who had a personal name that meant 'strong as Lugus'. This indicates a possible affinity of the tribe there (perhaps the Carvetii) to the Celtic god Lugus, whose festival, Lugnasad, occurred on 1 August, accompanied by various sacrifices.
Hoards of deposited Cumbrian Iron Age metalwork show evidence of a regional variation, with Cumbrian hoards being mostly of weapons buried off-site and consisting of small numbers of items. This fits the picture of Iron Age Cumbria, as with the rest of the north-west, consisting mostly of small, scattered, farmsteads. In the 18th century a beautiful iron sword with a bronze scabbard, dating from around 50 BC, was found at Embleton near Cockermouth; it is now in the British Museum.
Roman Cumbria.
After the Romans' initial conquest of Britain in 43 AD, the territory of the Brigantes remained independent of Roman rule for some time. At that time the leader of the Brigantes was the queen Cartimandua, whose husband Venutius might have been a Carvetian and may therefore be responsible for the incorporation of Cumbria into the Brigantian federation. It may be that Cartimandua ruled the Brigantian peoples east of the Pennines (possibly with a centre at Stanwick), while Venutius was the chief of the Brigantes (or Carvetii) west of the Pennines in Cumbria (with a possible centre based at Clifton Dykes.) 
Conquest and consolidation, 71 AD - 117 AD.
Despite retaining nominal independence, Cartimandua and Venutius were loyal to the Romans and in return were offered protection by their Imperial neighbours. But the royal couple divorced, and Venutius led two rebellions against his ex-wife. The first, in the 50s AD, was quashed by the Romans, but the second, in AD 69, came at a time of political instability in the Empire and resulted in the Romans evacuating Cartimandua and leaving Venutius to reign over the Brigantes.
The Roman conquest of the Brigantes began two years later. Tacitus gives pride of place in the conquest of the north to Agricola, who was later governor of Britain during 77-83 AD. However, it is thought that much had been achieved under the previous governorships of Vettius Bolanus (governor 69-71 AD), and of Quintus Petillius Cerialis (governor 71-74 AD). From other sources, it seems that Bolanus had possibly dealt with Venutius and penetrated into Scotland, and evidence from the carbon-dating of the gateway timbers of the Roman fort at Carlisle (Luguvalium) suggest that they were felled in 72 AD, during the governorship of Cerialis. Nevertheless, Agricola played his part in the west as commander of the legion XX Valeria Victrix, while Cerialis led the IX Hispania in the east. In addition, the Legio II Adiutrix sailed from Chester up river estuaries to cause surprise to the enemy.
It is likely that the western thrust was started from Lancaster, where there is evidence of a Cerialian foundation, and followed the line of the Lune and Eden river valleys through Low Borrow Bridge and Brougham (Brocavum). On the Cumbrian coast, evidence is scant, but perhaps Ravenglass and Blennerhasset, where there is evidence of one of the earliest Roman occupations in Cumbria, were involved. Beckfoot and Maryport may also have featured early on. At some point, part of Cerialis's force moved across the Stainmore Pass from Corbridge westwards to join Agricola, as evidenced by campaign camps (which may have been previously set up by Bolanus) at Rey Cross, Crackenthorpe, Kirkby Thore and Plumpton Head. Signal- or watch-towers are also in evidence across the Stainmore area - Maiden Castle, Bowes Moor and Roper Castle, for example.
In 78 AD Agricola pushed north from Deva (Chester) to Carlisle and placed garrisons between the Solway Firth and the River Tyne, consolidating his gains over the following two years. Carlisle (and Corbridge in the east) were probably used by Agricola as bases and winter-quarters for his advance into Scotland during 79 AD. With the decline of imperial ambitions in Scotland (and Ireland) by 87 AD (the recall of Agricola in 83 AD and the withdrawal of the XX legion four years later), a consolidation based on the line of the Stanegate road (between Carlisle and Corbridge) was settled upon. Carlisle was the seat of a 'centurio regionarius' (or 'district commissioner'), indicating its important status.
The years 87 AD - 117 AD were ones of consolidation of the northern frontier area. Only a few sites north of the Stanegate line were maintained, and the signs are that an orderly withdrawal to the Solway-Tyne line was made. There does not seem to have been any rout caused as a result of battles with various tribes. Agricola may have left watchtowers at Burgh-by-Sands, Farnhill, Easton (Finglandrigg) and possibly Bowness-on-Solway. Other watchtowers at Crooklands, Cummersdale and Gamelsby Ridge protecting the agricultural coastal plain may also have existed from this time. The Stanegate road was augmented by large forts: Vindolanda (Northumberland) may date from around 85 AD, other forts dating from the mid-80's were constructed at Newbrough and at Carvoran (in present-day Northumberland), Nether Denton, and Brampton in Cumbria. Modifications to the Stangate line, with the reduction in the size of the forts and the addition of fortlets and watchtowers between them, seems to have taken place from the mid-90s onwards.
Apart from the Stanegate line, other forts existed along the Solway Coast at Beckfoot, Maryport, Burrow Walls (near to the present town of Workington) and Moresby (near to Whitehaven). These forts have Hadrianic inscriptions, but some (Beckfoot, for example), may have dated from the late first-century. The road running from Carlisle to Maryport had turf-and-timber forts along it at Old Carlisle (Red Dial), Caer Mote, and Papcastle (which may have had special responsibility for looking after the largely untouched Lake District region). The forts in the east along the Eden and Lune valley road at Old Penrith, Brougham and Low Borrow Bridge may have been enlarged, but the evidence is scanty. A fort at Troutbeck may have been established from the period of Trajan (emperor 98 AD - 117 AD) onwards, along with an uncertain road running between Old Penrith and/or Brougham, through Troutbeck (and possibly an undiscovered fort in the Keswick area) to Papcastle and Maryport. Other forts that may have been established during this period include one at Ambleside (Galava), positioned to take advantage of ship-borne supply to the forts of the Lake District. From here, a road was constructed during the Trajanic period to Hardknott where a fort was built (the fort at Ravenglass, where the road eventually finished, was built in the following reign of Hadrian (117 AD - 138 AD)). A road between Ambleside to Old Penrith and/or Brougham, going over High Street, may also date from this period. From the fort at Kirkby Thore (Bravoniacum), which stood on the road from York to Brougham (following the present A66), there was also a road, the Maiden Way, that ran north across Alston Edge to the fort at Whitley Castle (Epiacum) and on to the one at Carvoran on the Wall. In the south of the county, forts may have existed from this period south of Ravenglass and in the Barrow and Cartmel region. The only one that survives is at Watercrook (Kendal).
Hadrian, Antoninus and Severus, 117 AD - 211 AD.
Between 117 and 119, there may have been a war with the Britons, perhaps in the western part of the northern region, involving the tribes in the Dumfries and Galloway area. The "Vita Hadriani" ('Life of Hadrian', vol.2), the biography of Hadrian, indicates that, at the beginning of his reign, the Britons "could not be kept under control". Likewise, Marcus Cornelius Fronto, writing a decade later to the emperor Marcus Aurelius, compared the losses in Britain to those sustained in the Jewish Revolt. Whether this unrest included some kind of military disaster in Trajanic times or in the early part of Hadrian's reign, perhaps involving the Legio IX Hispana, or whether the fighting was north or south of the Stanegate limes is open to dispute. The response was to provide a frontier zone in the western sector of forts and milecastles, built of turf and timber (the "Turf Wall"), the standard construction method (although some have suggested it was because "turf and timber were preferred on the Solway plain, where stone is scarce").
For whatever reason, this was not enough for the emperor Hadrian (emperor 117 AD - 138 AD). Perhaps the decision to build the Wall was taken because of the seriousness of the military situation, or because it fitted in with the new emperor's wish to consolidate the gains of the empire and to delimit its expansion, as happened on the German frontier, (or possibly both). Hadrian, who was something of an amateur architect, came to Britain in 122 AD to oversee the building of a more solid frontier (along with other measures elsewhere in England). It is possible that Hadrian stayed at Vindolanda (in present-day Northumberland) while planning the wall. Building of Hadrian's Wall along the line of Agricola's earlier garrisons began in 122 AD and was mostly completed in less than ten years, such was the efficiency of the Roman military. It ran from Bowness on the Solway Firth across the north of the county and through Northumberland to Wallsend on the Tyne estuary, with additional military installations running down the Cumbrian coast from Bowness to Risehow, south of Maryport, in an integrated fashion (and with forts at Burrow Walls and Moresby that were perhaps not part of the system).
Historians believe that the Turf Wall from the River Irthing to Bowness-on Solway was re-built in stone in two stages. The most easterly five miles were re-built at the time of Hadrian, with the remainder being re-built after 150 AD. However, this is open to dispute: it is uncertain whether the building works in the second half of the second-century were repairs to the Wall made after the abandonment of the Antonine line, or were actually completion in stone of the unfinished turf section. The second possibility might account for the finding of civilian inscription stones relating to the building of the Wall (the 'Civitas stones') - the construction of the Wall has usually been thought of as a strictly military operation. 
There were several forts and milecastles along the Cumbrian half of the wall, the largest of which was Petriana (Stanwix), housing a cavalry regiment and which was probably the Wall's headquarters (perhaps indicating that the serious unrest was taking place in this western sector of the frontier, or perhaps it was halfway along the distance of the Wall plus the Solway coast installations). Nothing of Petriana has survived, the largest visible remains in Cumbria now belong to the fort at Birdoswald - very little of the Wall itself can be seen in Cumbria. Running to the north of the Wall was a ditch, and to the south an earthwork (the Vallum). Initially, forts were maintained on the Stanegate line, but in around 124 AD - 125 AD the decision was taken to build forts on the Wall itself, and the Stanegate ones were closed down. The Roman forts of Cumbria are "auxiliary forts" - that is, housing auxiliary units of infantry and cavalry, rather than a legion, as at Chester. So-called 'outpost-forts', with road links to the Wall, were built north of the Wall, probably at about the time the Wall itself was built in its turf and timber form. They include Bewcastle and Netherby in Cumbria, and Birrens in Dumfriesshire.
The Wall was built on the orders of the emperor to try to create a solid northern frontier for the Roman Empire and keep the Brigantes and neighbouring Scoti under control - some tribes (for example, the Novantae in Dumfries/Galloway and perhaps the Selgovae) were hostile to Rome. Other reasons for the building of the Wall may include the following: it helped to define who was part of "Britannia" and who was not; it gave Hadrian (and the Romans) a spectacular achievement to bolster their view of themselves as the major power in the world; and it controlled trade and movement across the frontier zone (perhaps for revenue-gathering reasons). The Solway coastal defences were probably intended to prevent outflanking attacks by the Novantae, but also to prevent economic raiding on the Solway farming communities, which may have been important suppliers of provisions for the Wall's soldiers.
Taking a wider view, the relative density of Roman military in the north (along the Wall and its hinterland) presents the thorny problem of whether the Carvetii and other northern tribes were simply uncivilsed and required a large army presence for internal security reasons; or, whether the army numbers were such as to deal with external enemies beyond the Wall. (Other possible reasons include the protection of mining industries, and to provide a reserve of troops that could be called upon elsewhere in the Empire). One historian believes that, on the whole, the reason was to "protect the province from attack" (by outside forces, that is).
Only twenty years after Hadrian's Wall was started, Antoninus Pius (emperor 138 AD - 161 AD) almost completely abandoned it in 138 AD, a few months after his accession, turning his attentions to his own frontier fortification, the Antonine Wall across central Scotland. Perhaps he wanted to include possible enemies (and friends) within a frontier zone, rather than beyond it, as with Hadrian's scheme. The two walls were not held in conjunction and the coastal fortifications were de-militarised as well. But Antoninus failed to secure control of southern Scotland and the Romans returned to Hadrian's Wall, which was re-furbished, in 164 AD, after which garrisons were retained there until the early 5th-century.
The Wall had cut the Carvetti's territory in half and it is possible that there was a certain amount of local raiding and uncertainty derived from them and possibly other local tribes to the north of the Wall. The early 160s saw troubles of some kind on the northern frontier. Continual building of the northern frontier region took place during the turn of the second and third centuries, indicating further troubles. In around 180, the Wall was crossed by hostile forces who defeated one of the Roman armies. However, in the 170s and 180s the real pressure, in terms of disturbances, seems to have come from tribes much further north - the Caledones in particular. Events came to a head when the emperor Septimius Severus, intending to attack the Caledones, established himself at York in 209 AD, designating it the capital of the northern region (although this region, Britannia Inferior, may not have been formally established until after his death in 211). He also strengthened Hadrian's Wall and he may have established the "civitas" (a form of local government) of the Carvetii with its centre at Carlisle
(Luguvalium).
Prosperity, troubles, and the 'return to tribalism', 211 AD - 410 AD.
The settlement of Severus, carried forward diplomatically by his son Caracalla, led to a period of relative peace in the north, which may have lasted for most of the third-century (we are severely hampered by the lack of sources concerning the northern frontier for most of the 3rd-century, so this may be a false picture). For the first half of the century, it appears that the forts were kept in good repair and the coastal defences were probably not being used regularly. Power may have been shared between the Civitas and the Roman military. Some forts, such as Hardnott and Watercrook, may have been de-militarised, and parts of the Wall seem to have fallen into disrepair. Evidence of smaller barrack-blocks being built, as at Birdoswald, suggest reduced manning by the army and a sharing between the military and civilian population. Changes in the military across the empire, (such as advancement of soldiers not from the senatorial classes plus greater use of 'barbarian' skilled workers), led to a more lax discipline. 
Despite a more settled existence in places like Cumbria, internal strains began to affect the empire as a whole. The internal promotion reform in the army led to various people expecting promotions, which they may not have been given, and this led to tensions and violent outbreaks. Monetary inflation and splits amongst the rulers began to occur in the empire, as various pretenders vied for power in Rome, and these had deleterious effects in Britain. Rebellions in Gaul (259) and by Carausius, a naval commander who usurped power in Britain, and Allectus, who did the same (286), may have affected troops in Cumbria who were forced to take sides: a military clerk was killed at Ambleside, for example. The fight against Allectus may have led to the frontier being denuded of troops in the late third century, with consequent attacks from the north. There is evidence of fire-damage at Ravenglass and other damage elsewhere in the north. The emperor Constantius I came to Britain twice to put down trouble (in 296, defeating Allectus, and in 305 fighting the Picts), and there is evidence of re-building taking place. In the early fourth-century, defence-in-depth seems to have become the strategy in the frontier area, with the Wall becoming less of a 'curtain' barrier and more reliance being placed on the forts as 'strongpoints'.
The reforms of the emperors Diocletian and Constantine led to prosperity, in the south of the country at least, but this stability did not long outlast the death of Constantine in 337.
The 330s and 340s saw a return to civil wars in the empire and, again, Britain was affected. It may be that the visit of the emperor Constans to Britain in 342-343 was to do with disaffection amongst British troops or "apparently to deal with problems on the northern frontier.". It is possible that the west coast of England and Wales was strengthened in a way similar to that of the southern ('Saxon Shore') defensive system. How this affected the Cumbrian coast is uncertain, but it appears that the forts at Ravenglass, Moresby, Maryport and Beckfoot were maintained and occupied, and there is evidence that some of the Hadrianic coastal fortlets and towers were re-occupied, such as at Cardurnock (milefortlet 5).
The usurpation of Magnentius and his defeat in 353 may have further increased troubles in Britannia. Attacks on the province took place in 360 and, some years later, secret agents, known as the Areani (or 'Arcani'), operating between Hadrian's Wall and the Vallum as intelligence-gatherers, were involved in the Great Conspiracy of 367-368. They were accused of going over to the enemies of the empire, such as the Picts, the Scotti (from Ireland), and the Saxons, in return for bribes and the promise of plunder.
Some of the 'outpost-forts' north of the Wall, and others such as Watercrook, seem not to have been maintained after 367, but Count Theodosius, or maybe local 'chieftains', did a fair amount of re-building and recovery work elsewhere. There is evidence of a narrowing of the gateway at Birdoswald, and structural changes at Bowness-on-Solway and Ravenglass, for example. There may also have been new fortlets at Wreay Hall and Barrock Fell, and possibly at Cummersdale, all south of Carlisle.
After the 360s there appears to have been a 'marked decline in the occupation of vici', possibly due to the clearing out of the 'areani' by Theodosius. Also, army supplies were increasingly shipped in from imperial factories on the continent. The continuous loss of numbers of troops (drawn away to fight elsewhere), plus the ravages of inflation, meant that there was little reason left for local inhabitants of the vici to remain. The raids by the Picts and Scots in the late fourth and early fifth centuries (the so-called 'Pictish Wars'), meant increasing strain. For example, between 385 and 398 (when Stilicho cleared the raiders out), Cumbria was 'left to its own devices'.
The various phases of re-modelling of the Birdoswald fort in the second half of the fourth-century suggest that it was becoming more like a local warlord's fortress than a typical Roman fort. It may be that local people were looking more to their own defence (perhaps influenced by Pelagian thought about self-salvation), as Roman authority waned (for example, taxation-gathering and payment to the troops gradually ceased). In the northern frontier area at least, it looks as though the local Roman fort commander became the local warlord, and the local troops became the local militia operating a local 'protection racket', without any direction from above. This was what Higham called a "return to tribalism", dating perhaps from as early as 350 onwards. The Roman 'abandonment' of Cumbria (and Britain as a whole) was therefore not a sudden affair, as the famous advice of Honorius in 410, supposedly to the Britons ( that is, to look to their own defence) suggests. The Romano-British, in the north at least, had been doing that for some time.
Life in Roman Cumbria.
The severe lack of available evidence makes it difficult to draw a picture of what life was like in Roman Cumbria, and to what extent "Romanisation" took place (although the Vindolanda tablets give us a glimpse of Roman life on the, mostly, pre-Hadrian's Wall frontier). The auxiliary troops stationed in the forts obviously had an impact. Land around forts was appropriated for various uses - parade grounds, annexes (as at Carlisle), land given to retired troops for farming use, mining operations (copper in the Lake District, lead and silver around Alston), and so on. Around most forts, a Vicus (plural, 'vici') - a civilian settlement - may have been established, consisting of merchants, traders, artisans and camp-followers, drawn to the business opportunities provided by supplying the troops. The beginnings of something like town-life can be seen, but probably not with the same extent of urbanisation and wealth as in the south of England. 
'Vici' associated with auxiliary forts followed the communication routes used by the Romans (in addition to the ones related to Hadrian's Wall). In the West Cumbrian plain, at Old Carlisle there was an extended vicus. The vicus at Beckfoot has yet to be investigated, but the one at Alauna (Maryport) was subject to some work during 2014. Other 'vici' existed at Nether Denton, in the Irthing valley, and at Old Penrith and Brocavum (Brougham), which were on the road from Carlisle through the Eden valley, the road then splitting with one route going south through the valley of the Lune, the other going east across the Stainmore gap to York.
Apart from settlements associated with the forts, Roman Cumbria consisted of scattered rural settlements, situated where good agricultural ground was to be found in the Solway Plain, the West Coastal Plain, and in the valleys of the Eden, Petteril and Lune. Archaeological evidence for these sites is thin and is mostly based on aerial surveys of crop marks. There is a bias towards sites in more upland areas, since lowland sites have been subject to extensive ploughing or development. The major sites identified include the following. In the Solway Plain and southern Scotland area there are Holme Abbey, Fingland, Wolsty Hall, around Old Carlisle, along the Annan Valley, east and west of Dumfries, around Newton Stewart and Wigtown Bay, along the valley of the River Wampool, at Silloth Farm, and Risehow. Along the Eden and Petteril valleys we have Dobcross Hall, Stockdalewath, Clifton Dykes, Old Penrith, Brocavum, Kirkby Thore, Yanwath Woodhouse. In the upper valleys of the Eden and Lune are Long Marton, Murton, Dufton, Berrier Hill, Waitby, Crosby Garrett (near to which a fine Roman cavalry display helmet was discovered in 2010), Ravenstonedale, between Crosby Ravensworth and Sunbiggin, in the Kirkby Stephen area, Eller Beck. In the central Lakes there is Aughertree Fell.
The traditional Iron Age roundhouse, enclosed by a ditch and revetted bank, was used by the Carvetii during the first half of the Roman period. Sometimes, dry-stone walls were used instead of the bank. In the mid-Roman period, probably in the third-century, a change took place in that the round structures were replaced by rectilinear buildings on some sites - this may reflect a desire to copy the Roman-style building type found around the forts. However, caution has to be taken here, as round (curvilinear) and rectangular buildings seem also to have existed at the same time. Lower, valley-located, houses were often of timber and thatch; upper-slope buildings were more likely to be of stone, as the timber had already been taken for building and the land used for pasture. There is a lack of the Roman villa estate set-up to be found in the south of England.
Most of the population, the total size of which at its peak has been estimated at between 20,000-30,000 people, lived in scattered, but not isolated, communities, usually consisting of just a single family group. They practised mixed agriculture, with enclosures for arable use, but also with enclosed and unenclosed pasture fields. During the second half of the Roman occupation, there seems to have been a move from agricultural land to pasture and 'waste' with building of walls and barriers - perhaps due either to a fall-off in demand for grain locally, consequent on the decline of the Roman military establishment, or to a drop in productivity.
It is difficult to assess the long-term effects of the Roman occupation on the native inhabitants of Cumbria. Everyone would certainly have been aware of their arrival in the area, and their final departure, but the locals were left much more to their own devices than those in the south of England. No doubt there was some Romanisation of the local culture, specifically among the governing élites who worked closely with the Roman military. Also, near the forts and associated 'vici', the rural population would have been providing foodstuffs and other goods (such as hides, wool, horn). Industrial working, such as the production of pottery, mining of lead, copper, quarrying of stone, although undoubtedly managed by the Roman forces, would have employed local people. So, there would probably have been a fair amount of contact, wiiling or not, between the Roman and Celtic peoples. The evidence gleaned from artefacts such as the Staffordshire Moorlands Pan (also known as the Ilam Pan), suggests that a Romano-British adaptation of Celtic art persisted in Cumbria. One expert says that: "...Celtic tradition survived in Roman disguise...", and that "the Romanisation of Britain was in many ways nothing but a surface veneer." (The pan was probably a souvenir of Hadrian's Wall, inscribed with the names of some of the Cumbrian forts in the 2nd-century, along with the name of the owner, perhaps an ex-soldier, showing that the Wall was noteworthy enough in Roman times to be remembered).
In a superstitious age, religion was a factor that may have helped to bridge the divide between Roman and Celtic ways of life to form a Romano-British culture. After the destruction of the Druids, there is evidence of a mixing of Roman mystery-cults with local Celtic deities, alongside formal Roman cults of the emperor and worship of the Olympian gods. For example, inscriptions to 'Mars Ocelus', a fusion of the Roman god of war with a local deity, have been found at Carlisle. An important collection of 'imperial cult' inscriptions survives at Maryport. A local deity, presumably of the Carvetii, wearing a gated crown, comes from Carlisle. A silver plaque, depicting the local deity Cocidius, has been found at Bewcastle, and the possibility that Brougham may have been linked with the god Belatucadrus has been suggested. There is some sketchy evidence of two non-Roman mystery cults, Mithraism and Christianity, in Roman Cumbria. A tombstone at Carlisle (of Flavius Antigonus Papias), and two others at Maryport and Brougham may have Christian significance. The local dialect word "eglus", meaning a church, has survived from Roman times, having been incorporated into the Brythonic language from the Latin "ecclesia", showing not only an acceptance of Roman culture among the locals, but also the introduction of Christianity to the region.
All in all, the old model of Roman 'conquerors' and local 'vanquished' in Cumbria and the north, is superseded by one that sees that, "within limits the local population became Romanised" 
After the Romans : warring tribes and the 'Kingdom of Rheged', c.410 - 600.
As outlined above, by the official Roman break with Britannia in 410, most of Britain was already effectively independent of the empire. In Cumbria, the Roman presence had been almost entirely military rather than civil, and the withdrawal is unlikely to have caused much change. Many of the Roman forts may have continued in use as places of local government and habitation; there is evidence suggesting that Birdoswald was inhabited until at least the 6th century, for example. However, many questions remain as to what post-Roman Cumbria looked like, in terms of its political and social life.
Sources - history and legend.
The questions mentioned above remain to be answered because now we enter the period that used to be called the Dark Ages, due to the lack of archaeological and paleobotanical finds, and the unreliability of the documentary sources that we are forced to use as a result. Some historians, therefore, dismiss some well-known figures of the fifth- and sixth-centuries, potentially connected with Cumbria, as being legendary or -pseudo-historical. Higham, for example, consigns to this category such people as King Arthur, Cunedda (due to the unreliability of the 9th-century source, the "Historia Brittonum"), and Coel Hen (due to the unreliability of the source known as the "Harleian genealogies"). He argues that we are left with the not un-biased source, the "De Excidio et Conquestu Britanniae" of Gildas, as well as an oral and poetic tradition that includes the work of Taliesin and Aneirin, as much, if not more, literary works than historical ones. The information gleaned from all of these sources may not necessarily be factually incorrect, but in terms of the standard expected of historical verifiability, they fall short.
As far as Arthur is concerned, as with many other areas with Celtic connections, there are a number of Arthurian legends associated with Cumbria. Arthur's father Uther Pendragon is supposed to have lived at Pendragon Castle, high in the upper Eden Valley, although the castle itself is probably 12th century and was originally called Mallerstang Castle. It is also believed that Arthur's last battle, in which he was fatally wounded, was fought near the fort of Birdoswald, whose Roman name was thought to have been Camboglanna (although it is now thought that Birdoswald was really called Banna, with Castlesteads being Camboglanna). More popular in local legend are associations with Arthur's knight Lancelot, who is believed to have been from Tarn Wadling, now a dried up lake near High Hesket (and overlooked by Owain mab Urien's Castle Hewen). King Arthur's Round Table, a massive earthwork near Penrith, has no actual associations with Arthur but is said to have been a duelling ground for Lancelot. Finally, the Roman bath-house at Ravenglass, known locally as Walls Castle, was thought to be the Arthurian "Lyons Garde".
Even before the Romans left Britain, it appears that Coel Hen might have been an important figure in the Roman province of Northern Britain, which covered everything between the River Humber and the River Tweed. He may have been the last of the "Duces Brittanniarum" ("leaders of the Britains") ("sic") and as such would have commanded the army in this region. After the withdrawal, Coel Hen became the High King of Northern Britain (in the same vein as the Irish Ard Rí) and ruled, supposedly, from Eboracum (now York).
Warring tribes.
The successive withdrawals of Roman troops from Cumbria throughout the fourth- and early fifth-centuries created a power vacuum which, by necessity, was filled by local warlords and their followers, often just based around a single village or valley. After the withdrawal of Stilicho in 401, the troops on the Wall were barely able to confront the raids of the barbarians to the north. These raids, as in the 360s, concentrated on the capturing of cattle and slaves, and they were seen off by the local communities themselves, so that by around 450, after the Third Pictish War, the Scots had withdrawn to Ireland and the Picts had left for Scotland north of the Forth.
Until the early-to-mid 500s, Gildas reports only occasional raiding from outside the Cumbrian area. The main strife of this period was created by the local 'tyrants', or warlords, fighting amongst themselves, raiding and defending themselves against raids. The raids again concentrated on the stealing of goods, mainly cattle and slaves - slaving becoming an international market at this time as coinage was non-existent (Saint Patrick was one of these captured slaves, possibly taken by Irish pirates in the Irthing valley or possibly at Ravenglass).
Local 'kings', with successors, were continually being made and unmade in this inter-tribal warfare, and by the end of the sixth-century some had gained a lot of power and had formed kingships over a larger area. One of these was Coroticus of Alt Clut (Strathclyde), and Pabo Post Prydain was another (he may have been based at Papcastle). Rheged seems to have been one of these members of the Old North kingdoms that emerged during this period of inter-tribal warfare. It has to be repeated, however, that the very existence, historically, of something called the 'Kingdom of Rheged' remains in dispute.
Rheged.
Pabo was present at the Battle of Arfderydd (Arthuret) in 573, which may have been fought for control of the Solway. Peredur and Gwrgi were also there, and these two were supposedly descendents of the Coeling family (Coel Hen) as well as being first cousins of Urien Rheged, (lived c.550-c.590) so may have been associated with the Rheged area. The sources that mention the battle, however, (the Annales Cambriae and Aneirin's poem Y Gododdin) mention neither Rheged nor Urien, (casting doubt in the minds of some on the existence of both). It may be that Urien took advantage of the confusion and weakness as a result of this savage battle to make his move to take over Rheged, or maybe he did this after the deaths of Peredur and Gwrgi some years later (the brothers were killed fighting the Angles in 580 or 584).
The extent of Rheged is disputed: none of the early sources tells us where Rheged was located. Some historians believe that it was based on the old Carvetii tribal region - mostly covering the Solway plain and the Eden valley. Others say that it may have included large parts of Dumfriesshire, Lancashire and Yorkshire. The Kingdom's centre was based, possibly, at "Llwyfenydd", believed to be in the valley of the Lyvennet Beck, a tributary of the River Eden in east Cumbria, or, alternatively, at Carlisle. However, one archaeologist points out that there is no archaeological evidence in Carlisle or elsewhere to suggest the location of a 'capital' of Rheged, and the interpretations of the literary sources are equally suspect. Rheged could have been a name for a territory, or a people occupying an area, or both. A consideration of the landscape aspects of the question by the same archaeologist, suggests that the Eden valley or the Rhinns / Machars area of Dumfries and Galloway offer the best places in which to locate a sub-Roman kingdom (but probably not both).
The little that is known about Rheged and its kings comes from the poems of Taliesin, who was bard to Urien, King of Catraeth and of Rheged (and possibly overlord of Elmet). It is known, from the poetic sources, that under Urien's leadership the kings of the north fought against the encroaching Angles of Bernicia and that he was betrayed by one of his own allies, Morcant Bulc, who arranged his assassination after the battle of "Ynys Metcaut" (Lindisfarne) around 585 AD.
The lack of documentary or even archaeological evidence from this period of Cumbria's history has meant that history and legend have become hopelessly intertwined and the fragments of certainty have become the basis of local myth. One of Cumbria's greatest heroes is Urien Rheged's son, Owain (usually Ewain in Cumbria), who is supposed to have lived at Castle Hewen, believed to be a Romano-British hillfort south of Carlisle. The poetic sources name him as the last king of Rheged (c.590), having fought with his father against the Angles of Bernicia.
The Battle of Catraeth, fought by the British (c.600 AD) to try to recover Catraeth after Urien's death, was a disastrous defeat for them. Aethelfrith, the victor, probably received tribute from the kings of Rheged, Strathclyde and Gododdin (and maybe even from the Scots of Dalriada) thereafter.
Christian saints.
One aspect of the sub-Roman period in Cumbria that has not much more certainty attached to it, is the early establishment of Christianity. A number of early 'Celtic' saints are associated with the region, including Saint Patrick, Saint Ninian and Saint Kentigern. Whether the dedications to these saints denote a continuance of a Celtic polity or populace through this period and the subsequent Anglian and Scandinavian periods, or whether they are the result of 12-century revivals of interest in them, is unclear.
Patrick (died c.460 or c.493) was born to a family of local dignitaries at "Banna venta Berniae", assumed to be Ravenglass (whose Roman name was "Glannaventa") or somewhere in the Solway region of Carlisle, possibly near Birdoswald. However, other, non-Cumbrian locations have also been suggested for his birthplace. Several places are traditionally associated with Patrick, such as Aspatria and Patterdale, largely because both derive their names from other historical Patricks, but there is no evidence to suggest that there is any association with these places.
Saint Ninian, born about AD 360, may have been of Cumbrian origin, although, once again, there is no evidence to confirm this. The name of Ninian has strong associations with Ninekirks near Penrith. Not only did Ninian give his name to the place, he is believed by some to have had a hermitage in the caves of Isis Parlis overlooking the present church, which was originally dedicated to him. Earthworks in the area also give tantalising clues to an early monastery here. The other place in Cumbria that has associations with this saint is Brampton Old Church with its Ninewells and St. Martin's Oak locations. Both of these 'Celtic' sites, it has been pointed out, stood on the Cumbrian side of the boundary line of the Anglian Hexham diocese. Ninian is often credited with the conversion of the Cymry to Christianity, despite its original introduction to the area by Romans.
By the 6th century, however, it seems that the Cymry had fallen back into old pagan ways and that Saint Kentigern re-Christianised the area. Kentigern, or Mungo as he was affectionately known, was a contemporary of Urien Rheged (although one source claims that he was the illegitimate son of Owain mab Urien) who is known to have been a Christian, but his subjects might have been less devout. Around 553 Kentigern was expelled from Strathclyde, because of a strong anti-Christian movement. He fled as far as Wales, and could not find refuge in Cumbria, which was maybe also less devout. But the Christians won the battle of Ardderydd, between the Christian King Rhydderch Hael of Strathclyde and the pagan King Gwenddolau. After this Kentigern returned to Strathclyde. Once again, it has been noted, dedications to Kentigern are located in what may have been 'Celtic' areas of the region, as opposed to the Anglian Hexham diocese area (dedications to Saint Andrew being more popular here on the east side of the Eden/Irthing boundary) and the Norse 'Coupland' area (between the rivers Esk and Ehen). As mentioned above, Rheged's involvement in this battle is not clear, but it seems they may have benefited by gaining the land of Caer-Wenddolau (modern Carwinley) by the Border Esk separating Cumbria from Dumfries and Galloway, and they may have even amalgamated with Strathclyde to form a dual kingdom.
Definite evidence of 6th-century Christianity in Cumbria is hard to find - no remains of stone-built churches exist and any wooden ones have disappeared. It is possible that the kingdom of Rheged's household supported a bishopric - perhaps based on Carlisle, and perhaps a monastery at Ninekirks existed by the end of the century, but both of these are disputable. There may have been an east-west oriented cemetery (indicative of Christian burials) at Eaglesfield, in the area controlled by Pabo, the name of which may reflect an "eccles-" (that is ecclesiastic) prefix.
Life in 'Dark-age' Cumbria.
Despite, or perhaps because of, the emergence of local chieftains and warbands, there are signs that the fifth-and sixth-centuries were not ones of economic strain in Cumbria (not more than usual, at least). De-forestation, usually an indication of increased farming production, seems to have occurred, according to the pollen records, at a steady level in post-Roman Cumbria (later than the rest of the country where de-forestation took place in Roman times). Where clearance had already occurred, it was sustained throughout these years. Flax, hemp and some cereal cultivation took place, and it appears that a "buoyant population" (in terms of numbers) enjoyed "a period of hospitable climate" up to the end of the sixth-century. At the end of the sixth-century, however, the pollen records show quite a dramatic decline in human activity in some areas - factors accounting for this may include the after-effects of a visitation of the plague in c.547.
The collapse of Roman control had caused famine in the North; this led to "brigandage and the collapse of food production". As a consequence, there was an increased pool of people who became slaves. Cumbria is likely to have become an international exporter of slaves, helping to pay for the exotic imports such as silks, wine, amber, gold and silver for the chiefs of the warbands (as noted in the poetic sources) - goods that were no longer being supplied via the Roman trading routes.
The difficulties in finding archeologically certain fifth- and sixth-century rural settlements and finds, means that the most we can say about the rural economy is that it carried on more or less in the way it had done during Roman times. That is, some cereal production in the lowland areas, pasture being favoured over arable in the northern uplands, and a "strong bias in the rural economy in favour of cattle".
The Angles : Northumbrian takeover and rule, c.600 - 875.
The 7th-century saw the rise to power of the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of Northumbria (just as the 8th saw the rise of Mercia, and the 9th that of Wessex). The Northumbrian kingdom was based on the expansionist power of Bernicia, which, by 604, had taken over their neighbouring kingdom of Deira, along with other kingdoms of the Old North such as Rheged, although the dating of the takeover, and the extent of the Anglo-Saxon settlement that followed, are a matter of contention amongst historians. Documentary and archaeological evidence is lacking and qualified reliance is placed on place-names, sculpture and blood-group studies, all of which are open to challenge. 
Takeover.
The reign of Aethelfrith's rival, brother-in-law and successor, Edwin, saw Northumbrian power stretch as far as the 'Irish Sea Province' with the taking of the Isle of Man (c.624) and Anglesey. How much involvement Rheged had in this move is unclear. The Northumbrian pursuit of power in this area and to the south of the Bernician/Deiran homeland, led to conflicts with the likes of Cadwallon (who defeated and killed Edwin in battle in 633), and later with Penda of Mercia, who defeated and killed (642) Oswald (who had previously defeated Cadwallon in 634). Northumbrian ambitions were eventually checked with the disastrous defeat of King Ecgfrith's forces in 685 at the hands of the Picts at the Battle of Dun Nechtain, but the north-west region, including the Cumbria area, remained firmly within the Northumbrian ambit during this period.
Around 638 AD Oswiu, who would become the King of Northumbria after the death of Oswald, married Riemmelth (Rhiainfellt), a direct descendant of Urien Rheged and a Princess of the kingdom. This peaceable alliance between the British and English signalled the beginning of the end of formal Cumbrian independence, as Angles from the north east began to filter into the Eden Valley and along the north and south coasts of the county.
Anglianisation.
The extent of 'anglianisation' of Cumbria during this period is unclear. It is likely that the spread of English occupation was concentrated around those areas of rich agricultural land and royal estates (used by the peripatetic royal household). Areas such as Strathclyde, Galloway and Cumbria and upland areas in general, may not have been affected as much as the lowland ones. Place-name evidence arguably shows a bilingual culture (Celtic and English) for a few decades at least, (probably amongst the administrative class), before the renaming of Celtic places by English ones took place.
The place-name evidence suggests that Old English (that is, Anglo-Saxon, or, in this case, Anglian) names are to be found in the lower-lying areas around the highland (modern Lake District) inner-core. These regions are the more fertile agriculturally, and many became parishes or townships in later times. These places have the (perhaps early) elements such as "-hām" or "-inghām" ('village' or 'homestead'), examples being Addingham, Askham, Heversham, Brigham, Dearham. Most common is the form "-tūn" ('farmstead', 'village', 'settlement'), examples of which include Barton, Bampton, Broughton, Colton, Irton, Lorton and Embleton within the Lake District area and Frizington, Harrington, Workington, Hayton, Clifton on the coast.
The ravages of bubonic plague, of which there were several visitations during the 7th-century, are likely to have played some part in the process of Anglian expansion (rather than, say, the deliberate killing of Celtic peoples by the English, although some of that had taken place in Northumbria). Underproduction of children, because of plague, by the (mainly Celtic) 'disadvantaged' class, may have been offset by the overproduction of children of the (mainly English) 'advantaged' people.
At least one historian believes that the core, strategically important, area of the Solway and the lower Eden valley, remained essentially 'Celtic', with Carlisle retaining its old Roman 'civitas' status under Northumbrian overlordship, occasionally visited by the King of Northumbria and bishops such as Cuthbert, and overseen by a 'praepositus' (English: 'reeve'), a kind of permanent official. Also, " ...many inhabitants" continued to speak Cumbric "throughout the Bernician occupation." The exceptions, more colonised by the Northumbrian English than the rest of the Cumbrian region, were perhaps the following: a) the upper Eden valley, "perhaps colonised from Deira," in what was called by the Northumbrians "Westmoringa land" (that is, 'land west of the moors'), equating to the future shire of Westmorland, and including the area of the Lyvennet, reputedly containing Taliesin's "hall of the men of Rheged," ("In the hall of the men of Rheged/ there is every/ esteem and welcome," ) and the high-status residence at Bolton, plus the important church at Morland and including the Appleby and Ormside areas; b) the area to the east of the western edge of Bernicia (which may have reached the Eden river), along a strip about five miles wide west of the Pennine ridge, including the lost parish of Addingham, as well as such places as Skirwith and Kirkoswald (dedicated to King Oswald of Northumbria); c) the Cumbrian coast, probably settled from the sea; d) the south, which may have been subject to Wilfrid's attentions, and Cartmel which was given to Cuthbert.
King Edwin, according to the "Historia Brittonum", was converted to Christianity by Rhun, son of Urien, around 628. However, Bede states that Bishop Paulinus was the main force behind this. The conflict of sources echoes that of the two different varieties of Christianity competing with one another - the Celtic (Irish- and Scottish-based) and the Roman. An alternative view suggests that there were two baptismal sessions of Edwin, one done according to the Celtic Christian rite, and a later one done according to the Roman Christian ceremony. Rhun was probably present regularly at Edwin's court as a representative of Rheged. Later, the Bernician over-king, Oswiu (643-671), married twice - firstly Riemmelth of Rheged (granddaughter of Rhun), and secondly Eanflaed of Deira, thus uniting all three kingdoms. It is thus possible that a line of Anglian sub-kings ruled at Carlisle, from this time on, at least, on the strength of legal title and not just conquest. Rhun's role in the baptism of Edwin and the marriage of Oswiu to Riemmelth, have been the subject of debate by historians concerning the veracity of Bede's account, the role of the British in the conversion of the Bernicians, and the survival and independence of a kingdom called Rheged. (At the Synod of Whitby in 664, the Celtic Church of the North was abandoned in favour of the Roman Church, which was dominant in the south of England. Maybe by then much if not all of Cumbria was ruled by the Northumbrian Kings. The area seems to have undergone a full-scale conversion to the Roman faith).
In 670, Oswiu's son—but not by Riemmelth—Ecgfrith ascended the throne of Northumbria and it was possibly in that year that the Bewcastle Cross was erected, bearing English runes, which shows that they were certainly present in the area. (It has been suggested that the Bewcastle monument and that of Ruthwell, with which it is often paired, may have been markers of religious communities at the eastern and western limits of the diocese of Lindisfarne in this region, with Bewcastle marking the western edge of Bernicia and the diocese of Hexham, and even that they may indicate the Northumbrian adoption of the eastern and western boundaries of the old kingdom of Rheged). But it seems that Cumbria was little more than a province at this time and, although Anglian influences were clearly seeping in, the region remained essentially British and retained its own client-kings. In 685, when Saint Cuthbert was granted lands in Cumbria by Aldfrith, the new King of Northumbria, it is said he was given "Cartmel and all the Britons therein", showing that the British were still predominant, in the rather remote (from Northumbria) Furness district, at least. Cuthbert visited 'Lugubalia' (Carlisle) in the same year, and was shown the Roman city wall and a fountain or well, by the praepositus mentioned above. Some have thought that this is an indication of city life persisting through the 5th- and 6th centuries and into the 7th. However, other evidence suggestive of increased agriculture and a smaller population may indicate otherwise.
Church and state.
Legend has it that Cuthbert foresaw the death of Ecgfrith (at Dun Nechtain), while visiting the church at Carlisle, warning Ecgfrith's (second) wife Eormenburg whom he was accompanying. Bede reckoned that the decline of Northumbrian power dated from this year (685), but military set-backs were only part of the picture. Inter-family struggles amongst the various branches of the royal family played a part, as did the granting of royal estates (the so-called "villae") to the Northumbrian Roman church (in return for support for the various attempts on the throne), encouraged by the aristocracy who wished to lessen the burden of royal power and taxation. Cuthbert's grant of lands around Cartmel was one example of this process of degradation of royal resources and power.
The huge estates given to the Church meant that it became an alternative power-base to the king. This was the great age of the Northumbrian Church 'renaissance', driven by dynamic church leaders such as Cuthbert, Benedict Biscop and Wilfrid: the age of the building of monasteries and churches (the larger ones in stone); of the production of the Lindisfarne Gospels and other manuscripts; of elaborately decorative church art, some situated in Cumbria, such as the Bewcastle Cross shaft, the Ireby Cross, and the golden liturgical water bowl found at Ormside. In Cumbria, there were monasteries at Carlisle, Dacre, and Heversham, known from literary sources; and at Knells, Workington and Beckermet, known from stone inscriptions; and possible sites at Irton, with its early 
9th-century cross, Urswick and Addingham without any evidence attached to them. Anglian sculpture was invariably to be found at monastic sites (which, in turn, were to be found in good agricultural areas). The crosses themselves were not grave markers (a few cemeteries had grave slabs), but were "memorials to the saints and to the dead." 
The use of stone for the buildings, crosses and inscriptions was symbolic - it recalled the authority of Rome and its classical sculptures, and it recalled the words of Christ to Saint Peter ("You are Peter, the Rock, on this rock I will build my church"). The new Church of Rome was now to be seen as the successor of the old Roman Empire. Communication by sea seems to have been an important factor in the siting of these church centres, which would have drawn civilian habitation to them, in the way that the 'vici' were drawn to the Roman forts. The suffix "-wic", as in Urswick and Warwick (east of Carlisle), indicates the presence of a market.
The rise of the church, and the parallel decline in fortune of the secular royal power, meant that Northumbria and its Cumbrian appendage were not strong enough militarily to fend off the next set of raiders and settlers (who first attacked the Lindisfarne monastery in 793) - the Vikings. By 875, the Northumbrian kingdom had been taken over by Danish Vikings. Cumbria was to go through a period of Irish-Scandinavian (Norse) settlement with the addition, from the late 9th-century on, of the influx of more Brittonic Celts.
Vikings, Strathclyde British, Scots, English and 'Cumbria', 875 - 1066.
Vikings were of three types of Scandinavians: Swedes, whose expeditions were mainly eastwards to places such as Russia; Norweigans (Norse), who concentrated on the western seaboard of what is now Scotland, on Ireland, on the Irish Sea coasts including the Dublin area, on the Isle of Man, and on what is now Cumbria; and thirdly, Danes, who were more interested in eastern England and the north-east (including the Northumbrian kingdom), and what is now Yorkshire. The activities of the Vikings included a mix of trading, raiding, settlement and conquest.
The result of these attacks was the collapse of the Anglian kingdom of Northumbria. The Danes made serious assaults on the east of England, culminating in the 'Great Army' attack of 865, bent on conquest, rather than just raiding for booty. As a result, the Deira region of Northumbria became part of the Danelaw, ruled from York. Halfdan Ragnarsson attempted to conquer Bernicia in 875, and may have sacked Carlisle on the way to battling the Picts (although the source is unreliable). The monks fled with Saint Cuthbert's body to the west and many church dedications to him in Cumbria must date from this time. However, the eventual outcome, in the 880s, was an accommodation with the church community of Cuthbert who were granted lands between the Tees and Forth under Danish overlorship (with a semi-independent lordship based at Bamburgh).
The Norse made devastating raids on the Northumbrian monasteries in the early 800s, and, by 850 had settled in the Western Isles of Scotland, in the Isle of Man, and in the east of Ireland around Dublin. They may have raided or settled in the west coast of Cumbria, although there is no literary or other evidence for this.
The collapse of Anglian authority affected what happened in Cumbria: the power vacuum was filled by the Norse, the Danes in the east, and by the Strathclyde British who themselves came under pressure from the Norse in the 870s and 890s. (The expansion of the Scots to the north and the English to the south also complicates the picture). Once again, our sources for what happened are extremely limited: the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", for example, barely mentions the north. We are thrown back upon the study of place-names, artifacts, and stone sculptures, to fill in the picture of 10th-century Cumbria. As a result, there is some dispute amongst historians concerning the timing and the extent of the influx of Vikings and Strathclyders into Cumbria.
Strathclyde British settlement.
Some historians argue that the vacuum left by the Northumbrian eclipse in Cumbria led to people from the kingdom of Strathclyde (also confusingly known at this time as 'Cumbria', the 'land of our fellow countrymen' or 'Cymry') moving into the north of what we now call Cumbria. The place-name evidence, appears to confirm a 10th-century takeover of north Cumbrian estates by the Strathclyde kings. This, along with evidence of dedication sites to Saint Kentigern, suggests that such a movement was confined largely to the Solway Plain, as well as the Irthing and the lower Eden valleys (southwards to the line of the River Eamont). Other historians doubt this scenario, and see the situation as more of a Celtic 'survival' through the 200 years of Anglian Northumbrian rule, rather than a 'revival' based on "a wholly hypothetical process of later re-colonization" by Strathclyders in the 10th-century. The bulk of what was to become Cumbria, south of the Eamont, certainly seems to have been untouched by this movement of Brittonic peoples.
It is thought possible that this settlement of fellow Christians was encouraged by the Anglo-Celtic aristocracy, probably with the support of the English south of the Cumbrian region, as a counterweight against the Hiberno-Norse. It may be that, up to around 927, an alliance of Scots, British, Bernicians and Mercians fought against the Norse, who were themselves allied to their fellow Vikings based in York.
The situation altered with the coming of Athelstan to power in England in 927. On 12 July 927, Eamont Bridge (and/or possibly the monastery at Dacre, Cumbria) was the scene of a gathering of kings from throughout Britain as recorded in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" and the histories of William of Malmesbury and John of Worcester. Present were: Athelstan; Constantín mac Áeda (Constantine II), King of Scots; Owain of Strathclyde, King of the Cumbrians; Hywel Dda, King of Wales; and Ealdred son of Eadulf, Lord of Bamburgh. This is generally seen as the date of the foundation of the Kingdom of England, the northern boundary of which was the Eamont river (with Westmorland being outside the control of Strathclyde).
However, given the increasing threat from English power, it seems that Strathclyde/Cumbria switched sides and joined with the Dublin Norse to fight the English king who was now in control of Danish Northumbria and presenting a threat to the flank of Cumbrian territory. After the Battle of Brunanburh in 937, (an English victory over the combined Scots, Strathclyders and Hiberno-Norse), Athelstan came to an accommodation with the Scots. During this time, Scandinavian settlement may have been encouraged by the Strathclyde overlords in those areas of Cumbria not already taken by the Anglo-Celtic aristocracy and people.
In 945 Athelstan's successor, Edmund I, invaded Cumbria. The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" records the defeat of the Cumbrians and the harrying of Cumbria (referring not just to the English county of Cumberland but also all the Cumbrian lands up to Glasgow). Edmund's victory was against the last Cumbrian king, known as Dunmail (possibly Dyfnwal III of Strathclyde), and, following the defeat, the area was ceded to Malcolm I, King of Scots, although it is probable that the southernmost areas around Furness, Cartmel and Kendal remained under English control.
Scandinavian settlement.
Place-name and sculptured stone evidence suggests to one historian that the main Scandinavian colonization took place on the west coastal plain and in north Westmorland, where some of the better farming land was occupied. The warriors who settled here encouraged stone sculptures to be made. However, the local Anglian peasantry seems to have survived in these areas as well. Some, less successful, occupation of other lowland areas took place, along with, thirdly, occupation of 'waste' land in the lowland and upland areas. This occupation in the less-good farming areas led to place-names in "-ǣrgi", "-thveit,", "-bekkr" and "-fell", although many of these may have been introduced into the local dialect a long time after the Viking age. "Southern Cumbria", including the future Furness region (Lonsdale Hundred) as well as Amounderness in Lancashire, was also "entensively colonized". 
The occupation was likely to have been largely by the Norse between about 900 and 950, but it is unclear whether they were from Ireland, the Western Isles, the Isle of Man, Galloway, or even Norway itself. It has been suggested that, between c.850 and 940, the Scots on the one hand, and the Norse of the Hebrides and Dublin on the other, were in collusion as regards what seems to have been peaceful Gaelic-Norse settlement in west Cumbria. In Westmorland, it is likely that much colonization came from Danish Yorkshire, as evidenced by place-names ending in "-by" in the upper-Eden valley region (around Appleby), especially after the eclipse of Danish power in York in 954. There was no integrated and organized 'Viking' community in Cumbria - it seems to have been more a case of small groups taking over unoccupied land. (However, others argue that the place-name evidence points to the Scandinavians not just accepting the second-best land, but taking over Anglian vills as well.) It may be that Scandinavian warriors took over from Anglian ones in the major estates, perhaps the so-called 'multiple estates', (perhaps renaming them into a Scandinavian form), caused Scandinavian-influenced stone sculptures to be set up, and maybe allowed peasant Scandinavian peasant-farmers to 'in-fill' on land around the estates, such in-filling often denoted by Scandinavain names.
In Copeland, (Norse "kaupa-land", 'bought land'), land purchased by the Norse on the south-west coast, for example, tenure patterns seem to show cornage and seawake tenures held on the lowland coast, other freehold townships on rising land towards the foothills of the Lake District, and, thirdly, other settlements, held directly in the less-favourable valley areas (in the 'free chase' or forested regions that were part of the multiple estate set-up). This suggests Scandinavian takeover in successive generations. Firstly, of the multiple estates, with township-names ending in "-by", and then later settlement of new farms further inland, during the 10th- to 12th-centuries, in places denoting clearance ("-thveit", '-thwaite') or old shieling grounds ("-ǣrgi"). 
The evidence of the sculpture is unclear when it comes to influences. Although called by some 'pagan' or 'Viking', it may be that some, if not most, of the crosses and hogback sculpture (to be found almost wholly in south Cumbria, away from the Strathclyde area), such as the Gosforth Cross and the Penrith 'Giant's Grave', reflect secular or early Christian concerns, rather than pagan ones. Due to the lack of documentary corroboration or of inscriptions on the sculptures themselves, we are thrown back on comparative analyses of the ornamentation and other stylistic indicators. The result is that we are uncertain not only about when the crosses and hogbacks were made, but also about who caused them to be made. The decline of the monasteries in the later Anglian period probably led to the new Scandinavian, secular lords ordering the stones to be made, but many reflect Anglian (Northumbrian) styles and motifs, and have an amalgamation of Christian concerns (for example, Crucifixion scenes) and Viking iconography and myths (for example, scenes depicting Ragnarök and Wayland the Smith). The classic example of this mingling of pagan and Christian story-telling is the Gosforth Cross. In another example, does the sculpture to be found at Kirkby Stephen's church depict a bound Loki or a bound Satan? It is appropriate, therefore, given these ambiguities in the evidence, to talk, not about 'Viking sculpture', but about 'Viking-age sculpture'.
Cumbria is notable for having the largest number of hogbacks and for their tallness and narowness compared to other northern stones; for having a special type of circle-head to the crosses; for having the most 'hammer-head'- shaped crosses; for using a 'running Stafford knot' design and a type of spiral-scroll work; for having a local 'Beckermet school' of stones perhaps influenced by, or influencing, cross designs to be found on the Isle of Man; and for its links with the stone sculpture to be found in south-west Galloway (Galloway being a Northumbrian province during this period).
The influence of the Vikings remained strong until the Middle Ages, particularly in the central region. A Norse-English creole was spoken until at least the 12th century and evidence of the introduction of the Viking political system is shown by several possible Thing mounds throughout the county, the most significant of which is at Fellfoot in Langdale. As an example of Viking relics, a hoard of Viking coins and silver objects was discovered at Penrith, but relatively little else has come down to us apart from the sculpture. Despite this, interest in the Viking aspect of Cumbria, almost on a par with that of the Roman aspect, has been fuelled, particularly from the 19th-century on, by the tourism boom in the Lake District (with its preponderance of Scandinavian names), by notions of rugged, free and independent 'statesmen' (estates men) of Viking stock, forming, according to William Wordsworth, a "Perfect Republic of Shepherds and Agriculturalists", and by an interest in Scandinavian history and language promoted by writers and antiquaries such as W. G. Collingwood, Thomas de Quincey, William Slater Calverley, Hardwicke Rawnsley, Richard Saul Ferguson, Charles Arundel Parker, George Stephens, Thomas Ellwood, and others, dubbed the "Old Northernists" by some modern historians.
The Scots and 'Cumbria'.
One historian has suggested that the notion of 'Strathclyde/Cumbria' presents too much of a picture of Strathclyde dominating the relationship, and that maybe the Cumbrian area - including the Solway basin and perhaps lands in Galloway, but also specifically the area that became Cumberland county later (the so-called 'Cumbra-land') - was where the prosperity and action lay. It is even suggested that there were two kingships, one of the Clyde area (effectively 'annexed' by Donald II of Scotland in the late 9th-century) and another of the Cumbrian (as defined above), the latter having, through marriage or by patronage, increasingly Scottish input. Much of this interpretation rests on the writings of John Fordun and has been challenged by other historians. 
Whatever the background, from c.941, it has been suggested, Cumbrian/Scottish rule may have lasted around 115 years, with territory extending to Dunmail Raise (or 'cairn') in the south of the Cumbrian region (and perhaps Dunmail was trying to extend it through 'Westmoringa land', the future Westmorland, when he incurred the wrath of Edmund I, who regarded the area as English, in 945 ). Edmund, having ravaged Strathclyde/Cumbria, ceded it to the King of Scots, Malcolm I of Scotland, either to define the limits of English rule in the North-West, and/or to secure a treaty with the Scots to prevent them joining up with the Norse and Danes of Dublin and York.
In 971, Kenneth II of Scotland raided 'Westmoringa land', presumably trying to extend the Cumbrian frontier to Stainmore and the Rere Cross. In 973, Kenneth and Máel Coluim I of Strathclyde obtained recognition of this enlarged Cumbria from the English king Edgar. 'Westmoringa land' thus became a buffer zone between the Cumbrian/Scots and the English.
Church dedications to the Scottish patron saint, Saint Andrew, are to be found around the edges of what was 'Cumbra land': at Penrith, (controlling the Eamont crossing), Dacre, and Greystoke (controlling major roadways to the west of Penrith running north-south and east-west.
The English and Cumbria.
In 1000, the English king, Ethelred the Unready, taking advantage of a temporary absence of the Danes in southern England, invaded Strathclyde/Cumbria for reasons unknown. After the takeover of the English throne by Cnut in 1015/16,
the northern region became more disturbed than ever, with the fall of the Bamburgh earls and the defeat of the Northumbrian earl by the Scots and Cumbrians at the Battle of Carham in 1018.
Attempts by the Scots and Cnut to control the area ended with Siward, Earl of Northumbria emerging as a strongman. He was a Dane, becoming Cnut's right-hand man in the north by 1033 (Earl of Yorkshire, around 1033; and also Earl of Northumbria, around 1042). Sometime between 1042 and 1055, Siward seems to have taken control of Cumbria south of the Solway, perhaps responding to pressure from the independent lords of Galloway or from Strathclyde or perhaps taking advantage of Scottish troubles to do with the reign of Macbeth, King of Scotland. The routes through the Tyne Gap and also via the Eden Valley over Stainmore threatened to allow the Scots overlords of Strathclyde/Cumbria to raid Northumbria and Yorkshire respectively (although most Scots' raids took place by crossing the River Tweed into Lothian in the east).
Some evidence comes from a document known to historians as "Gospatric's Writ", one of the earliest documents to do with Cumbrian history. This is a written instruction, issued either by the future Gospatric, Earl of Northumbria or Gospatric, son of Earl Uhtred, that was addressed to all Gospatric's kindred and to the notables dwelling in the "all the lands that were Cumbrian" ("on eallun þam landann þeo Cōmbres"); it ordered that one Thorfinn mac Thore be free in all things ("þ Thorfynn mac Thore beo swa freo in eallan ðynges") in Allerdale, and that no man is to break the peace which was given by Gospatric and Earl Siward. Some historians believe that such phraseology indicated that Siward took over the region from its previous rulers, perhaps as the price for supporting Malcolm against MacBeth. The writ can be interpreted as showing that power was maintained locally in the hands of local magnates, with Siward being given fairly scant deference, rather than an acknowledgement of effective suzerainty.
Siward aided his kinsman Malcolm III of Scotland, possibly known as 'the King of the Cumbrians' (but possibly confused with Owen the Bald of Strathclyde) at the Battle of Dunsinane in 1054, against Macbeth who, although escaping, was eventually killed in 1057. Despite this receipt of help, Malcolm invaded Northumbria in 1061, possibly trying to enforce his claim as 'King of the Cumbrians', (that is, to regain the lost territory of Cumbria south of the Solway taken by Siward), whilst Siward's successor as earl, Tostig Godwinson, was away on pilgrimage. It is likely that Malcolm succeeded in regaining the Cumberland part of Cumbria in 1061: in 1070 he used Cumberland as his base to attack Yorkshire. This 1061 incursion was the first of five such raids by Malcolm, a policy that alienated the English Northumbrians and made it harder to fight the Normans after the invasion of 1066. For the next thirty years, Cumbria, probably down to the Rere Cross boundary, was in the hands of the Scots.
Malcolm III, King of Scots, held the Cumberland territory, (probably down to the River Derwent, River Eamont and Rere Cross on Stainmore line), until 1092, one year before his death in battle. The fact that he did this without challenge was partly the result, as far as the pre-Norman conquest era is concerned, of turmoil and alienation amongst the Northumbrian and Yorkshire nobles, (drawn from the ranks of the old Anglo-Saxon Bamburgh royal family and Danish/Norse nobles respectively), as well as the disaffection of the St. Cuthbert monks (in Durham), due to the rule of the West Saxon outsider Earl Tostig. Other factors include the absentee nature of Tostig's rule in the North, and his friendship with King Malcolm.
Early medieval Cumbria, 1066-1272.
Norman Cumbria : William I, William 'Rufus', Henry I, and David I, 1066 - 1153.
William I.
The Norman conquest of England proceeded only slowly in the North of the country, perhaps due to the relative poverty of the land (for example, not suitable for growing the Normans' preferred wheat, as opposed to "inferior" oats), and to various uprisings in England as well as in Normandy that meant that William I had to be elsewhere.
William attempted to rule the north firstly by appointing local nobility such as Copsi (earl of Northumbria and unpopular because of his former alliance with the hated Tostig and his heavy taxation levies); and then Cospatrick who joined forces with the remnants of the Anglo-Saxon claimants to the throne (such as Edgar the Ætheling, who were probably given sanctuary, when necessary, in Cumberland by Malcom III who married Edgar's sister, Saint Margaret of Scotland, around 1070). These claimants, plus the Danes, were a constant threat against William. The Harrying of the North was the result, with the northern lands being controversially ravaged by William, followed by what Kapelle calls "government by punitive expedition" and the use of Norman place-men. It is unclear whether the Harrying affected Scottish-held Cumbria: most of the damage was done in Yorkshire, Durham and Northumbria.
The various raids by Malcolm, the Danes and the English rebels, plus regular uprisings by Northumbrian nobles, all contributed to the weakness of William's control of the North. Cumbria therefore remained in the hands of the Scots, as well as being a base for brigands and dispossessed rebels. Cumbria south of the mountains, the future Westmorland south of the Eamont, and North Lancashire, had been held by Tostig in 1065, during which time he had battled against both the Scots and bands of brigands. It is likely that this situation persisted for much of William's reign as well.
William finally brought Northumbria under control: his son, Robert Curthose, building the castle at Newcastle upon Tyne in 1080. Robert de Mowbray's appointment as Earl of Northumbria in 1086, and the building of "castleries" (territories administered by a constable from a castle) in Yorkshire, helped to clear up the brigandage problem.
Domesday.
When the Normans conquered England in 1066, much of Cumbria was a no-man's-land between England and Scotland which meant that the land was not of great value. Secondly, when the Domesday Book was compiled (1086), Cumbria had not been conquered by the Normans. Only the southern part of the county, (the Millom, Furness, and part, or all, of Cartmel peninsulas), known as the Manor of Hougun, that which included lands held by Earl Tostig, was included, and even that was only as annexes to the Yorkshire entry.
For the most part, the Cumbrian Domesday entries are little more than a list of place names and the amount of taxable land therein, with the names of the pre- and post-conquest landowners - a much sparser account than much of the rest of England. This in itself shows the isolated and remote nature of the area at this time, but the entries also provide evidence that Cumbria's prosperity had decreased significantly since the middle of the previous millennium - perhaps in part caused by the Conqueror's Harrying of the North.
William II.
William II of England (William "Rufus") recognised that the state of affairs, as left to him by William I in 1087, was only a holding solution to the problems of the unsatisfactory position of the Normans above the Humber in the East and above the Ribble to the West. Rufus granted Ivo Taillebois estates in southern Westmorland and southern Cumberland - later to become the baronies of Kendal, Burton in Lonsdale and Copeland. It is possible that these lands, the extent of which are open to dispute, were granted to Ivo later, in 1092, at the same time as Roger the Poitevin was granted Furness and Cartmel, thus defining the extent of the future county of Westmorland and the division of Lancashire north and south of the sands. This, together with the complementary strengthening of Norman control east of the Pennines, may have provoked Malcolm III's 1091 invasion of Northumbria.
The unsatisfactory end, as far as Rufus was concerned, to the invasion of Scotland that followed Malcolm's raid, led him to try another approach: in 1092, he took over Cumberland by expelling the local lord, Dolfin, (who may or may not have been related to Earl Cospatrick). Then, he built the castle at Carlisle and garrisoned it with his own men, and sent peasants, possibly from Ivo Taillebois' Lincolnshire lands, to cultivate the land there. The takeover of the Carlisle area was probably to do with gaining territory and providing a strongpoint to defend his north-west frontier. Kapelle suggests that the takeover of Cumberland and the building at Carlisle may have been designed to humiliate King Malcolm or to provoke him into battle. The result was the last invasion by Malcolm and his own, plus his son's, death at the Battle of Alnwick (1093). The subsequent contest for the succession to the Scottish throne (between Donald II of Scotland and Edgar, King of Scotland) allowed Rufus to maintain his hold on the Cumberland and Carlisle areas until his death in 1100. 
Henry I.
A step-change occurred in the governance of the Cumbria area with the succession of Henry I of England. Henry enjoyed good relations with both Alexander I of Scotland and Henry's nephew, David I of Scotland, and therefore he could concentrate on developing his northern lands without the threat of a Scottish invasion. Either he or his predecessor, Rufus, possibly around 1098, granted Appleby and Carlisle to Ranulf le Meschin who became the strongman of the north-west frontier. (Others place the date of the grants after the Battle of Tinchebrai, that is, 1106 onwards). Ranulf was the third husband of Lucy of Bolingbroke, the first husband of whom had been Ivo Taillebois, whose Cumbrian and Lincolnshire lands he inherited. 
Although he was sometimes called an earl of Cumberland, it seems that he was rather a "power" (the foundation deed of Wetheral Priory, which Ranulf set-up, calling him a "potestas"). He was mentioned in a 1212 source as "Earl Ranulf, sometime lord of Cumberland", the earldom referred to being that of Chester. There was probably a distinction in the minds of contemporaries between the king's borough of Carlisle (inhabited largely by the Norman French and/or English) and Cumberland, (consisting of British, Irish, Norse and English folk). Ranulf created baronies for his brother-in-law, Robert de Trevers (based at the castle at Burgh-by-Sands), and for Turgis Brandos (based at Liddel), indicating "a high level of delegated authority" It may be that no Royal acts were promulgated in Cumberland and Westmorland during Ranulf's time, and that the King's writ did not run here, again pointing to the semi-regal position of Ranulf and Henry's desire not to interfere. Ranulf became Earl of Chester in 1121, giving up his Cumbrian "honour" (group of estates), possibly as part of the purchase price for the Chester title and lands. This may suggest that his rule in Cumbria was more of an office-holding position than a feudal holding of lands, as otherwise he would have kept his Cumbrian lands intact for life.
Henry I himself visited Carlisle the following year, from October or November 1122. While there, he ordered the castle to be fortified and created "several tenures that would come to be regarded as baronies" : William Meschin in Copeland (where William built Egremont Castle); Waltheof, son of Gospatrick in Allerdale; Forn, son of Sigulf, in Greystoke; Odard, the sheriff, in Wigton; Richard de Boivill in Kirklinton. There is some doubt as to whether these enfeoffments were new or whether they were confirmations of tenants-in-chief under Ranulf's previous administration. Sharpe argues that Henry did not create "the institutions of county government" when he took charge directly.
Henry also took direct control (perhaps in the years after 1122) in Carlisle partly in order to ensure that the running of the silver mine at Alston was done from there. He also confirmed the property and rights of the monks of Wetheral; and he established the Augustinian priory of Saint Mary at Carlisle, becoming, in 1133, Carlisle Cathedral when a new diocese was created. The creation of the new diocese, covering the areas of Carlisle, the Eden valley, Allerdale and the Appleby region of Westmorland only, was largely to avoid having the Bishop of Glasgow in charge of eccesiastical affairs as he had been prior to this point. There was no comparable creation of a county sheriff, as happened in other shires of England: however, a sheriff of Carlisle seems to have been created, perhaps some time between 1130 and 1133, to run the King's business. 
Henry, besides promoting his Norman allies into positions of power in the north, was also careful to install some local lords into secondary roles. For example, two Anglo-Saxon northerners, probably from Yorkshire, were Æthelwold, who became the first Bishop of Carlisle, and Forn of Greystoke. Waltheof of Allerdale was a Northumbrian.
Sharpe, therefore, sees the years of Henry I as being transitional ones: from Carlisle and Appleby under the control of the strongman Ranulf Meschin, to the partial introduction of a shire system by 1133. Phythian-Adams, meanwhile, sees Norman control as being innovative, rather than just using existing institutions and tenures. Kapelle emphasises the colonization of the North by Henry using "new men": western Normans and Bretons, counterweights against the two Williams's use of the upper Normandy establishment.
David I of Scotland.
With the death of Henry I in 1135, England fell into a civil war, known as The Anarchy. Stephen of Blois contested the English crown with Henry's daughter, Matilda (or Maude). David I of Scotland, who was Prince of the Cumbrians (1113–1124), and Earl of Northampton and Huntingdon, had been King of Scots since 1124. Having been brought up in the court of his mentor and uncle, Henry I, as very much a Norman prince, he supported the claims of Matilda over those of her cousin, Stephen of Blois.
Professor Barrow asserts that, even at the beginning of his reign, David was thinking of the lands of Carlisle and Cumberland, believing, as he did, that "Cumbria" (that is, the previous entity of Strathclyde/Cumbria, covered by the diocese of Glasgow) was under the overlordship of the King of Scots, and stretched as far as Westmorland and possibly down to north Lancashire or even to the River Ribble. When he took possession of Carlisle in 1136 (taking advantage of the turmoil in English affairs at the time), therefore, it was not entirely an opportunistic act, and the land was not held by David as a vassal of Stephen, as has been suggested by some. The (first) Treaty of Durham (1136) ceded Carlisle and Cumberland to David.
David and his son, Earl Henry, seem to have ruled jointly. They gave north Westmorland (around Appleby), in the late 1130s, to Hugh de Morville. David's nephew, William became lord of Allerdale, Skipton and Craven. The previous lordship grants that David had made north of the border (as it had been under Henry I) were maintained (that is: Annandale under Robert de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale, Eskdale, Ewesdale and Liddesdale). Likewise, the lordships south of what had been the border were also kept (that is: Liddel, Kirklinton, Scaleby, Wigton and Burgh-by-Sands). The diocese of Carlisle was also accepted.
During David's control of Carlisle and Cumberland (areas such as Gilsland, Kentdale, Copeland, Furness and parts of Westmorland still had "separate identities"), Carlisle became a "chief place of Scottish government", but not "the" chief place as some have suggested.
David may have been intending to enlarge his control of northern England when he fought at the Battle of the Standard, some of the soldiers of David's force being Cumbrians (from south of the Solway-Esk line, that is). Despite losing the battle, David kept his Cumbrian lands, and his son Henry was made Earl of Northumberland at the (second) Treaty of Durham (1139). This arrangement lasted another twenty years, during which David minted his own coins using the silver from the Alston mines, founded the abbey at Holm Cultram, kept the north largely out of the civil war of Stephen and Matilda, and, by the "Carlisle settlement" of 1149, obtained a promise from Henry of Anjou that, upon the latter's becoming King of England, he would not challenge the King of Scots's rule over Carlisle and Cumberland. David died at Carlisle in 1153, a year after his son Henry.
Cumbria under the Angevins, 1157 - 1272.
Henry II, 1157-1189.
The pattern of trading upon the weakness of one side or the other continued as regards Anglo-Scottish relations in 1157 when Henry of Anjou became King of England. (The Angevins were also known, from 1204 on, as the Plantagenets). King David of Scotland's death left an eleven-year old boy, Malcolm, on the Scottish throne. At Chester, Henry demanded, and obtained, the return of control to England of Cumbria and Northumberland. The King of Scots was given the honours of Huntingdon and Tynedale in return, and relations between the two countries were amicable enough.
Henry took the opportunity of this relative peace to increase royal control in the north: justices toured the remote northern areas, taxes were collected and order was maintained. Hubert de Vaux was given the Barony of Gilsland in order to strengthen defences. The accession to the Scottish throne of William the Lion in 1165 brought border wars, but no giving up of Cumbria (or Northumberland) to the Scots, despite Henry's troubles after the murder of Thomas Becket and the Scots' alliance with France. The Treaty of Falaise of 1174 formalised a rather coercive peace between the two countries.
Indeed, it was around this time that the ancient counties which made up modern Cumbria came into existence. Westmorland, in 1177, was formally created from the baronies of Appleby and Kendal. The barony of Copeland was added to the Carlisle area to form the county of Cumberland in 1177. Lancashire was one of the last counties to be formed in England in 1182, although its boundaries may have been fixed around 1100. Why the Furness and Cartmel peninsulas were included in the county of Lancashire when they are entirely cut off from the main body by Morecambe Bay is not immediately obvious. If the borders were settled as early as 1100 the decision may have been due to the influence of Roger de Poitou who held lands on both sides of the Bay, but it is more likely that it was a result of the cross-sands communications between Furness and Lancaster being stronger than those with Cumberland and Westmorland to the north due to the difficulties of travelling out of the area.
Richard I and John, 1189 - 1216.
Richard I of England, needing money to finance his crusade, abrogated the Treaty of Falaise in return for a subsidy from the Scots, who, although still asking for the return of Cumbria and Northumbria from both Richard (1189-1199) and John (1199-1216), were refused any concessions. John continued the policy of strengthening royal control over the northern territories, particularly in the business of gathering various unpopular taxes.
However, the lack of fighting over the border settlement changed when the civil war broke out in England between King John and his nobles in 1215. The new Scottish king, Alexander II of Scotland, supported the nobles in return for their promise of the restitution of Cumbria and Northumberland to Scottish control. A Scots' army marched into Carlisle in 1216-17. John drove out the Scots who repeated the action. This situation was defused with the death of John in October 1216.
Henry III.
Henry III succeeded John as a nine-year old but, despite this, an agreement was made between the English and Scots in 1219. The English kept the northern counties, while Alexander gained the honours of Huntingdon and Tynedale, along with Penrith and Castle Sowerby, the latter being in Inglewood Forest.
In 1237, the Treaty of York was signed, by which Alexander renounced claims to Northumberland, Cumberland and Westmorland, while Henry granted the Scottish king certain lands in the north, including manors in Cumberland. The Honour of Penrith was one of the areas of land granted to Alexander, and included, as well as the manor of Penrith, the manors of Castle Sowerby, Carlatton, Langwathby, Great Salkeld and Scotby. (The Penrith honour remained under Scots' control from 1242 until 1295).
Besides these formal agreements (and the marriage of Alexander to Henry's sister), the period was one in which local magnates and the various church establishments (abbeys, priories) co-operated across the Anglo-Scottish border. In 1292, for example, a man was hanged in Carlisle for a theft committed in Scotland. The thirteenth-century in the Cumbria region was therefore largely peaceful.
The thirteenth-century also appears to have been a period of relative prosperity, with many of the monasteries which had been established in the 12th century beginning to flourish; most notably Furness Abbey in the south of the county which went on to become the second richest religious house in the north of England with lands across Cumbria and in Yorkshire. Wool was probably the greatest commercial asset of Cumbria at this time, with sheep being bred on the fells then wool carried along a network of packhorse trails to centres like Kendal, which became wealthy on the wool trade and gave its name to the vibrant Kendal Green colour. Iron was also commercially exploited at this time and the wide expanses of Forest became prime hunting ground for the wealthy.
Later medieval Cumbria, 1272-1485.
Cumbria during the Angevin wars.
The Scottish wars of Independence.
Towards the end of the 13th century the peace between England and Scotland was shattered at the hand of Edward I. In 1286 he confiscated the manors granted in 1237 and in 1292 installed John Balliol on the Scottish throne and when Balliol invaded Cumbria four years later Edward defeated him and took upon the government of Scotland himself. Resistance came from Scotland in the form of William Wallace and Robert the Bruce and a three-hundred-year period of regular raids and counter-raids followed which effectively undid the years of economic progress since the Harrying of the North two centuries earlier.
Two early raids of 1316 and 1322, under the leadership of Bruce were particularly damaging and were as far reaching as Yorkshire. On the second occasion, the Abbot of Furness Abbey went to meet Bruce in an attempt to bribe him into sparing his Abbey and its lands from destruction. The Scottish King accepted the bribe but continued to ransack the entire area anyway, so much so that in a tax inquisition of 1341 the land at nearby Aldingham was said to have gotten less and less in value from £53 6s 8d to just £10 and at Ulverston from £35 6s 8d to only £5.
Early Modern period.
Border Reivers.
In the three hundred years leading up to the Union of the English and Scottish crowns in 1603, as well as actual military clashes between the two countries, unrest remained constant thanks to the inhabitants of the Borderlands themselves, often called the Border Reivers. The Reivers were characterised by strong kinship bonds, forming clan-like groups under a given surname - Hetherington and Carleton were two of the most prominent in the Cumbria area. These groups became semi-autonomous from local government, owing far more loyalty to their name than to the king or local lords.
The Reivers take their name from the fact that they lived by raiding (from the Old English "rēafian" 'to rob'), rustling cattle and sheep from across the border and even looting the armies of their own King, such was their antipathy towards their nations. The reiving became so common and so violent by the 16th century that wealthier border families took to building bastle houses or pele towers - fortified dwellings, often with room for livestock and supplies beneath the accommodation - which are still a common site in the north of Cumbria.
In an attempt to deal with the growing problem, the English and Scottish monarchs installed local magnates, with extensive local connections and considerable power, as wardens. In Cumbria the powerful northern families such as the Dacres and the Cliffords, who owned Brough and Brougham castles amongst many others, were often in control of the wardenship.
The problem of the reivers worsened in the last few decades of the 16th century, first because an increase in taxes forced an increase in rents which caused a breakdown of the ties between landlords and tenants, and second because many of the border families remained staunch Catholics following the Protestant Reformation. Only when the border effectively disintegrated with the Union of the Crowns in 1603 did reiving cease to dominate the lives of the border inhabitants.
21st century.
2000–2010.
Leading Cumbria into the 21st century was the 2001 UK Census which showed the county as having a population of 487,607 (237,915 males and 249,692 females). The population density proved fairly low due to Cumbria being the third-largest county in England. At the start of the 21st century, Cumbria was one of the least ethnically diverse regions in the country with 99.3% of individuals classing themselves as being of any 'White' background. The next national census is due in 2011 and is expected to show significant change in certain aspects of the county's demography (especially ethnicity, with the 'White' population in Cumbria being estimated at just over 97.9% in 2007 – see also Demographics of Cumbria).
Also in 2001, Cumbria saw one of the most devastating agricultural incidents of recent times. An outbreak of foot-and-mouth resulted in the killing of 10 million cattle and sheep across the UK; out of 2,000 cases nationwide, 843 were in Cumbria (or 42% of all cases). Cumbria was the worst affected county in the outbreak which dominated much of the 2001 UK media coverage prior to the September 11 attacks. Cumbria's agriculture and tourism industries were severely scarred, many tourists were put off visiting the Lake District, whilst the local economy is estimated to have lost billions. After huge efforts to prevent the disease from spreading further (by killing infected animals as well as disinfecting every vehicle to enter certain parts of the county), the outbreak was officially halted in October 2001 (after beginning in February the same year).
In 2001, the South Cumbrian town of Barrow-in-Furness hit global headlines after an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease; the source of the bacteria was later found to be steam coming out of a badly maintained air conditioning unit in the forum 28 media and arts centre; ultimately seven people died from contracting the disease and in total the number of cases stood at 172; it was and still remains one of the worst outbreaks of its kind in recorded history (the most deadly in the UK's history). Because of the 2001 outbreak, in 2006, Barrow Borough Council became the first public body in the country to have faced corporate manslaughter charges; the charges were cleared however chief architect Gillian Beckingham and Barrow Borough Council were fined £15,000 and £125,000 respectively after both admitted breaching the Health and Safety at Work Act.
On the evening of 5 February 2004, dozens of illegal Chinese workers were collecting cockles off the Cumbrian coast when rising tides led to 23 of them eventually drowning in Morecambe Bay. The workers were all illegal immigrants, mainly from the Fujian province of China, and have been described as being untrained and inexperienced. They were being exploited by gang leader Lin Liangren, who paid them £5 per 25 kg of cockles. Local authorities were alerted by one of the gang members who contacted them with a mobile phone, but only one of the workers was rescued from the waters; this was partly because the phone call was unclear both to the extent and severity of the danger, and to their location, presumably through a lack of English language ability. A total of 21 bodies, of men and women between the ages of 18 and 45, were recovered from the bay after the incident. Two of the victims were women; the vast majority were young men in their 20s and 30s and it is presumed that two more bodies were lost at sea. The disaster led to the Gangmaster Licensing Act 2004 and the formation of the Gangmasters Licensing Authority (also the perpetrator, Lin Liangren, was sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment, numerous others linked with the disaster were also imprisoned on immigration offences and of perverting the course of justice).
One of several incidents to have occurred on the West Coast Main Line in the 21st century was the Tebay rail accident; on 15 February 2004 four railway workers were hit and killed by a trolley carrying lengths of rail which had not been properly secured and had run away from a maintenance yard several miles away. The boss of the rail maintenance company and a crane operator were tried on charges of manslaughter caused by gross negligence; both men were eventually jailed.
On 8 January 2005, flooding caused massive disruption and damage across the north of the county, which was considered the worst flooding in living memory until the November 2009 Great Britain and Ireland floods, Carlisle was the worst affected location. More than 3,000 properties were affected, 60,000 homes were left without power and some areas of the city were under of water. Significant rainfall burst the banks of the rivers Eden, Kent, Derwent, Greta and Cocker. Ultimately £250 million of damage was caused.
The 2006 Morecambe Bay helicopter crash had Cumbrian authorities on standby, especially the RNLI station in Barrow; the fatal air incident occurred on 27 December 2006 at approximately 18:40 GMT, whilst transporting replacement crew between the Millom and Morecambe gas platforms. It was eventually discovered that the Eurocopter AS365N descended into the sea due to pilot error and this led to the death of six men.
On 23 February 2007, train 1S83, the 17:15 Virgin West Coast "Pendolino" West Coast Main Line express service from London Euston to Glasgow Central, was derailed by a defective set of points; the incident occurred at 20:15 GMT when 109 people were on board. 30 serious and 58 minor injuries were reported and ultimately one person was killed. Sir Richard Branson, owner of the Virgin empire, visited the site and although was devastated by the incident claimed that "If the train had been old stock then the number of injuries and the mortalities would have been horrendous". The 2009 Cumbria earthquake refers to an event on 28 April 2009 at 11:22 am local time when an earthquake of the magnitude 3.7 struck Cumbria, England. It was recorded by the British Meteorological Society as having an epicentre approximately underneath Ulverston. The earthquake was felt by residents in Lancashire and the tremor lasted for 5–10 seconds. Phone calls were recorded from a number of people who felt the tremor in the Barrow, Carnforth and Kendal areas but there were no reports of any casualties, injuries or damages.
During the night of 19 November 2009, some parts of Cumbria saw more rainfall than what is expected over the period of a whole winter month. The most intense period of rainfall broke nationwide records, and resulted in almost everywhere in the country being affected. However the worst damage occurred in the north and around Cockermouth and Workington where water rose to almost 3 meters in places, many Lakes of the Lake District overflowed and resulted in the collapse of several bridges. The flooding claimed the life of one person in the county, Bill Barker a police officer who was performing his duties directing traffic away from the Northside Bridge at Workington when the bridge collapsed into the river.
On 2 June 2010, one of the worst mass shootings in British history occurred in West Cumbria. Taxi driver Derrik Bird went on a three-hour shooting spree in the towns of Whitehaven, Egremont and Seascale, which ultimately claimed the lives of twelve people (which included his twin brother and a former work colleague; the other fatalities are thought to have been targeted at random). Dozens more were injured before Bird turned the gun on himself and committed suicide in a field near the village of Boot. The event also saw the complete lockdown of the Sellafield nuclear processing site, an action unseen in the plant's 50-year history.
Also worth of note are several overseas events which have affected the county. The War in Afghanistan has so far claimed the lives of three Cumbrians (two men and one woman – the UK's first female loss), whilst the War in Iraq has seen the deaths of two Cumbrian servicemen.

</doc>
<doc id="5942007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942007" title="Bob Stull">
Bob Stull

Bob Stull (born November 21, 1945) is a college athletics administrator and former American football player and coach. He is currently the athletic director at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP), a position he has held since 1998. Stull served as head football coach at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, (1984–1985) UTEP (1986–1988), and the University of Missouri (1989–1993), compiling a career college football record of 46–65–2.
Early life and playing career.
A native of Davenport, Iowa, Stull was a three-year letterman at Kansas State University, where he earned bachelor's and master's degrees.
Coaching career.
Stull began his coaching career at Dubuque Senior High School in Dubuque, Iowa. He was the offensive line coach at Kent State from 1971 to 1974 under Don James. He then followed James to Washington, where he was receivers coach (1975–1978) and later offensive coordinator (1979–1983).
After two seasons at Massachusetts, Stull was hired at UTEP, where he posted a 21–15 record from 1986 to 1988, culminating in a 10–2 record and an appearance in the Independence Bowl after the 1988 season. Stull didn't fare as well at Missouri, compiling a 15–38–2 record in five seasons. While at Missouri, he coached on the losing end of the infamous "Fifth Down Game".
Administrative career.
After his coaching career, Stull entered administration at Washington. He rejoined UTEP as athletic director after a 10-year absence.

</doc>
<doc id="5942024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942024" title="George Johnston (British Marines officer)">
George Johnston (British Marines officer)

Lieutenant-Colonel George Johnston (19 March 1764 – 5 January 1823) was briefly Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales, Australia after leading the rebellion later known as the Rum Rebellion.
Early life and military career.
Johnston was born at Annan, Dumfriesshire, Scotland, the son of Captain George Johnston, aide-de-camp to Lord Percy, later Duke of Northumberland. Percy obtained a commission for the young Johnston as second lieutenant of marines on 6 March 1776.
Johnston went to America with his regiment, and took part in the Battle of Bunker Hill, where he distinguished himself by seizing the colours and carrying them into action after the standard-bearer had been mortally wounded. During the fight, his father received a chest wound, from which he subsequently died. The Duke of Northumberland, who had held Johnston's father in high regard, became Johnston's guardian, and throughout his life the nobleman retained a keen personal interest in his fortunes.
The young officer subsequently served aboard in the East Indies in 1781, suffering a severe wound in action against the French. Returned to garrison duty in Portsmouth, he volunteered to join the First Fleet in 1786. He sailed for Australia aboard Fleet transport "Lady Penrhyn" in 1788.
On arrival in the colony Johnston served as adjutant to Governor Arthur Phillip, and was promoted in 1789 to the rank of Captain-Lieutenant of Marines. He transferred to the locally-raised New South Wales Corps in 1791 with the rank of captain.
New South Wales.
Johnston received extensive land grants in areas of modern Petersham, Bankstown and Cabramatta. The suburb of Georges Hall takes its name from the farmhouse of the same name on land grants he received near the junction of the Georges River and Prospect Creek. This building still exists and is now one of Australia's oldest houses. Johnston's other grants included land which is now the suburb of Annandale, named for his property that was in turn named after the place of his birth. He and Esther Abrahams farmed and lived on this land with their children until the 1870s when it was sold and sub-divided for residential development. The main street of Annandale is named Johnston and the gates of their property now stand in the grounds of Annandale Public School.
In September 1796 Johnston was appointed aide-de-camp to Governor John Hunter, and in 1800 received his brevet rank as major. In the same year Johnston was put under arrest by Lieutenant Governor William Paterson on charges of "paying spirits to a sergeant as part of his pay—and disobedience of orders". Johnston objected to trial by court-martial in the colony, and Hunter sent him to England. There the difficulties of conducting a trial with witnesses in Australia led to the proceedings being dropped, and Johnston returned to New South Wales in 1802. In 1803 Johnston took temporary command of the New South Wales Corps during the illness of Paterson, and became involved in the conflict between King and the military. In March 1804 he acted with decision when in command of the military sent against some convicts who had rebelled at Castle Hill. When Paterson was sent to Port Dalrymple, Johnston became commander of the New South Wales Corps.
On 26 January 1808 Johnston played a key role in the only successful armed takeover of a government in Australia's recorded history, the Rum Rebellion. Johnston led the troops that deposed Governor William Bligh, assumed the title of lieutenant-governor, and illegally suspended the judge-advocate and other officials. The administration of justice became farcical, and there were signs of strong discontent among the settlers.
Johnston was promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel on 25 April 1808, and was superseded by his senior officer Joseph Foveaux, who was Lieutenant-Governor of Norfolk Island, on 28 July. Johnston sailed for England with John Macarthur in March 1809 (and Henry Fulton as a witness) and was tried by court-martial in May 1811. Found guilty of mutiny he was sentenced to be cashiered. This lenience of the sentence imposed in the circumstances presumably indicates that the court was convinced that he had been the tool of other people.
Later life.
Johnston returned to New South Wales as a private individual and lived on his land at Annandale, Sydney. He died much respected on 5 January 1823, leaving a large family. He was first interred in a private mausoleum on his Annandale property, until its subdivision to become an inner city suburb. His remains were moved to a new mausoleum at Waverley Cemetery in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="5942033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942033" title="Rita Heard Days">
Rita Heard Days

Rita Heard Days (born October 16, 1950) is a Democratic politician from St. Louis, Missouri. She was born in Minden, the seat of Webster Parish, in northwestern Louisiana. She was educated at historically black Lincoln University in the Missouri capital, Jefferson City. Days has three children: Elliott, Natalie, and Evelyn.
She was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in a special election in 1993, and served in that body through the year 2000. She was elected to the Missouri State Senate in 2002. As a senator, she served on the following committees:
In 2010, she was succeeded in the Senate by fellow Democrat Maria Chappelle-Nadal.

</doc>
<doc id="5942041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942041" title="Tyronne Fernando Stadium">
Tyronne Fernando Stadium

De Soysa Park is a multi-use stadium in Moratuwa, Sri Lanka. It is currently used mostly for cricket matches. The stadium holds 15,000 people and hosted its first Test match in 1992. The ground opened in 1941 and gained Test status in 1979. Moratuwa, located just eight miles (13 km) south from the city of Colombo, has produced a large number of cricketers for both Ceylon and Sri Lanka. The town is renowned for its carpentry, musicians (especially 'Baila'), fishing and for its philanthropists: the de Soysa family. Indeed it was this famous family that initiated the development of De Soysa Park Stadium, when they donated the 5 acre (20,000 sq m) plot of land to the Urban Council in 1941, to develop the Sports Complex. An additional 2 acres were sold under its market value by another member of the family. The Ground was named the "De Soysa " Park and subsequently used mainly for Moratuwa Sports Club (MSC) and school competitions. It was again A. H. T. De Soysa that assisted the call for putting up a the first stadium/pavilion in 1952. The club, its presidents D. H. L. De Silva, Dr. H. I. Fernando and local MP Wimalasiri De Mel took a keen interest in developing it further. Later Moratuwa received more support from the then Deputy Foreign Minister, Tyronne Fernando, in the year 1978 to 1979. A stadium was built, which could accommodate approximately 16,000 spectators. The first ever-visiting team to play was the West Indians in 1979.
History.
The ground has traditionally favoured the batsmen. However, the pitch can break up and the ball then has a tendency to keep low. The first ever Test Match to be played at this venue was against Australia on the 8th of September 1992. Allan Border made 106 and Ian Healy 71 as the visitors scored 337 in the first innings and controlled the match thereafter. However half centuries from Aravinda De Silva and Hashan Tillakaratne ensured a draw for the home side.
The most memorable of the four Test matches - they were all drawn - to have been played here was the third, against South Africa. On the last day Jonty Rhodes defied Muttiah Muralitharan to score 101* and keep the series alive.
In recent times the venue is mostly used for the foreign teams to play their side games and for Sebastianites to play their home matches in the domestic season. In recent times the wicket has become rather low in bounce, is conducive to spin, but is generally favourable to the batsmen.
References.
http://pdfs.island.lk/2006/09/15/p11.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="5942044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942044" title="Ghislain Fournier">
Ghislain Fournier

Ghislain Fournier (born 26 August 1938 in Saint-Vianney, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2004. He is a businessman by career, including real estate work.
He was elected in the Manicouagan electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1997 and 2000 elections, serving in the 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively.
Fournier left office in 2004, as he lost the Manicouagan riding's Bloc Québécois candidacy to Gérard Asselin. Asselin won the riding in that year's Canadian general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5942046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942046" title="Colombo Cricket Club Ground">
Colombo Cricket Club Ground

Colombo Cricket Club Ground (CCCG; , ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Colombo, Sri Lanka. It is currently used mostly for domestic first-class cricket matches and for hosting warm up matches for touring teams. The stadium can hold 6,000 people and hosted its first Test match in 1984. It is one of the smallest test grounds in the world. Three Test matches have been held at the Colombo Cricket Club Ground.
Ground.
The Colombo Cricket Club Ground is the home ground of the Colombo Cricket Club, the oldest first-class cricket club in Sri Lanka. The Ground is one of the three cricket grounds located in Maitland Crescent, Colombo, the other two being the Sinhalese Sports Club Ground and the Nondescripts Cricket Club Ground. It is one of the smaller cricket grounds in Sri Lanka, and is also one of the smallest Test cricket grounds in the world. The Colombo Cricket Club Ground was formerly known as the Maitland Crescent Ground.
The playing area of the ground takes up most of the space with a narrow area available for spectators to be seated on each side. On one end of the ground is the scoreboard and a concrete stand that houses the press box. This end is known as the Press Box End. The other end is the Pavilion End, where the main pavilion is located. The ground can hold 6,000 spectators.
Matches held.
The first cricket match on the Colombo Cricket Ground was held during the 1911/1912 season. Its maiden first-class cricket match was held in 1927 when the Europeans (Ceylon) hosted the Marylebone Cricket Club. The ground is also noted for hosting a Marylebone Cricket Club team captained by Douglas Jardine. 
Over the years, only three international test cricket matches have been played on the Colombo Cricket Club Ground. The ground's maiden Test match was held in 1984, beginning on 14 March. It was held between Sri Lanka and New Zealand, resulting in a win for New Zealand by an innings and 61 runs. Another Test match was held between Sri Lanka and Pakistan, beginning on 14 March 1986. The last Test cricket match that was held on the Colombo Cricket Ground was on 16 April 1987, again between Sri Lanka and New Zealand. 
Domestic first-class cricket matches are now held on the Colombo Cricket Club Grounds. It also hosts touring teams in warm-up matches. The Colombo Cricket Club Grounds was also a venue for the 2006 under-19 Cricket World Cup, being one of the five grounds that were chosen to host the matches.

</doc>
<doc id="5942051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942051" title="Wunibald Kamm">
Wunibald Kamm

Wunibald Kamm (April 26, 1893 in Basel – October 11, 1966 in Stuttgart) was an automobile designer, engineer, and aerodynamicist. He is best known for his breakthrough in reducing car turbulence at high speeds; the style of car bodywork based on his research has come to be known as a Kammback or a Kamm-tail.
Design.
One goal of automotive aerodynamics is to reduce the air turbulence, or drag, caused by the shape of the automobile. Aerodynamic drag may be reduced either by reduction of frontal area or by reduction of drag coefficient. In bodies such as automobiles and airships, drag decreases after the rear of a car's cross-sectional area is reduced to fifty percent of the car's maximum cross section; "the best position is nearer 45 per cent of the length, and ... to have this maximum cross- section nearer the rear end than the front, and its drag has proved even less". There are other aspects of the car's design such as keeping the flow of air attached to the body far to the back of the car as possible to minimize pressure drag (the Bernoulli relationship). A design with less drag means higher efficiency and an increased maximum velocity, given the same powertrain.
Career.
German Professor, Wunibald Kamm worked with aerodynamics engineer Baron Reinhard von Koenig-Fachsenfeld. They developed a design with a smooth roofline and a taper in the automobile's body that is suddenly chopped off at the rear end. This design makes the air flow act as if a full tapered "tail" was present on the vehicle. A full size prototype was developed in 1938. It was a four-door sedan featuring a sharply truncated rear end. The test car represented a compromise between a low air resistance and practicality in the automobile's size and shape.
In the 1920s, Kamm worked he worked for Daimler designing engineering race car engines. Thereafter, a prototype, namely the Kamm “SHW Wagen” incorporated principles that have become standard parts of the car engineering toolbox. He paid particular attention to the suspension and minimizing vehicle weight. These improvements included extreme low weight design, an aluminum semi-monocoque body, front wheel drive, boxer-style engines (horizontally opposed cylinders), independent suspension on all wheels, and coil springs mated to hydraulic shock absorbers. His comprehensive approach to automotive engineering and design presaged the concept of "Mechatronics," a word that did not come into existence until 1971.
Established in 1930, the Research Institute of Automotive Engineering and Vehicle Engines located near Stuttgart () was called the "Kamm-Institut" after its founder and long-time director.
He is a member of the Automotive Hall of Fame. He did pioneering work in aerodynamics, driving dynamics, tire technology, minimalist construction techniques, engine combustion efficiency. Wind tunnels were an effectively applied technology, and he "built the first full-scale wind tunnel for motor vehicles." "Dr. Kamm, even today, and perhaps even more so because of his foresight, is considered one of the greatest researchers in automotive engineering." His work on turbulence is considered to have been "breakthrough" and fundamental.
He came to the United States of American as one of the first hundred German scientists stationed at the Dayton, Ohio Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. there he was as a consulting engineer until 1953. That year, he went as a professor to the Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, New Jersey. For three years beginning in 1955 he was head of Mechanical Engineering at the Battelle Memorial Institute in Frankfurt, Germany.
In 1958, he received the German Service Cross, First Class.
The University of Braunschweig conferred an honorary Ph.D. in recognition of technical lifetime achievements.
The first "Kamm coupe".
In late summer of 1938, BMW tested a prototype of the so-called "Kamm-Coupe" based on their 328 chassis. It had a drag coefficient of only 0.25 compared to the great 1940 Mille Miglia winning BMW 328 Touring Coupe with drag coefficient 0.35. This automaker's naming of its coupé model appears to be the earliest use of "Kamm" to publicly describe an automobile body incorporating the Koenig-Fachsenfeld's design patent.
Kammback named production cars (USA).
The Kammback "cut off tail" design continues to be popular. Most often, however, it only insinuates streamlining when used in production cars. It is then only a design trick to make the vehicle look "fast".
Dr. Kamm's wind cheating principle is used in a variety of popular mass-market vehicles, supercars, highly efficient hybrid powered cars, as well as outright racecars.

</doc>
<doc id="5942057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942057" title="Lalit (political party)">
Lalit (political party)

Lalit is a left-wing political party in the island nation of Mauritius. It is opposed to private or any other undemocratic control of government functions. According to its website, the party was created as a “free-expression monthly magazine” named "Lalit de Klas" () in 1976. "Lalit" means "struggle" in Mauritian Creole. The party, which started as a tendency inside the Mauritian Militant Movement, split from it in 1981, when the MMM announced that it was embarking on a policy of "New Social Consensus", seen by Lalit as a policy of collaboration with the capital.
Lalit desires what it calls "an alternative political economy", and works towards care for the environment, against repression and torture, and towards women's liberation. Lalit strongly opposes communalism and the use of ethno-religious labels for official purposes. Its candidates in the 2005 National Assembly elections each drew the legally compulsory classification he or she would use from a hat, regardless of candidate's actual supposed "ethnicity" or religion. The party failed to win seats in the Assembly.
The party opposes the presence of Anglo-American forces on the atoll of Diego Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="5942063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942063" title="Waycross College">
Waycross College

Waycross College was a two-year unit of the University System of Georgia. The College's philosophy was to provide opportunities for those who need special preparation for regular college-level courses, while giving well-prepared students immediate access to transfer courses that can be applied toward advanced study appropriate to their academic goals.
Historically, the establishment of a University System two-year college in the Ware County-Waycross area was originally approved by the Board of Regents in December, 1970. A site for the College was approved by the Board in February, 1973. A bond issue was approved in May, 1973. An official name, Waycross Junior College, was approved by the Board of Regents in January, 1975. Waycross Junior College opened for classes in September, 1976. In June, 1987, the official name was changed to Waycross College.
On January 10, 2012, the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia approved the merger of the school with South Georgia College. The two institutions were consolidated into a new institution named South Georgia State College on Jan. 8, 2013.
Waycross College was accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate’s degrees.

</doc>
<doc id="5942066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942066" title="Warren Powers">
Warren Powers

Warren Anthony Powers (born February 19, 1941) is a former American football coach. He was the head coach of the Missouri Tigers football program from 1978 to 1984. Prior to coming to Missouri, Powers was an assistant coach under both Bob Devaney and Tom Osborne at Nebraska. He was an all-state high school quarterback from Kansas City, Missouri, and also played on Devaney's first team at Nebraska in 1962, earning three letters as a Husker.
Powers played safety for six years with the American Football League's Oakland Raiders. He started for the 1967 AFL Champion Raiders and in the second AFL-NFL World Championship game.
He had a one-year stint as head coach at Washington State before leaving to join the Tigers.
After leaving Nebraska, Powers took an unranked Washington State team into Lincoln, Nebraska and knocked of the 15th ranked Huskers. The following year he went to Lincoln with another unranked team, the Missouri Tigers and he pulled off a victory over a #2 ranked Nebraska team. The Missouri Tigers would lose 25 straight games to Nebraska before their next victory over the Huskers, prompting Tiger fans to wonder what might have been had he stayed.
During his tenure at Mizzou, Powers compiled a 46-33-3 (.579) record, including four straight bowl appearances from 1978 to 1981. His best seasons came in 1980 and 1981, where he posted back-to-back 8-4 records. In addition, his Tiger football teams went 3-2 in bowl games, defeating LSU in the 1978 Liberty Bowl, South Carolina in the Hall-Of-Fame Bowl in 1979, and Southern Miss in the 1981 Tangerine Bowl. Mizzou also played in the 1980 Liberty Bowl, a loss to Purdue and the 1983 Holiday Bowl, losing to a BYU Cougars squad, led by a then-future National Football League MVP for the Super Bowl XXIX winning San Francisco 49ers, Steve Young.
On October 24, 1979, the NCAA's Committee on Infractions publicly reprimanded MU for a violation of NCAA Constitution 3-2 related to a failure to exercise institutional control. The violation was in regard to the use of a fund established outside the university for the purpose of paying Powers for debt he assumed while negotiating to become MU's head coach. NCAA regulations require the university's involvement when its coach receives a cash supplement related to duties he is performing on the institution's behalf, and the NCAA found that MU had failed to do so in this case.
Since leaving the Tigers, Powers worked in a variety of sales and administrative jobs. For the past several years, he has been in executive sales at Bommarito Automotive in St. Louis. He should not be confused with Warren Powers (defensive end) who once played with the Denver Broncos and who currently heads the "One Nation" team as a Regional Vice President at Primerica Financial Services.
In 2002, Powers was head coach of the Show Me Believers, a National Indoor Football League team that played its games at the Family Arena in St. Charles, Missouri, about 20 miles west of St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="5942083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942083" title="Vicente Saldivar">
Vicente Saldivar

Vicente Samuel Saldivar García (born May 3, 1943 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico, died July 18, 1985) was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division and was a part of the 1960 Mexican Olympic team. He was a former WBC and a two-time WBA Featherweight Champion. Saldivar has frequently been ranked amongst the greatest in the history of that division by many noted boxing historians and critics. Vicente fought in front of the fourth largest crowd ever, 90,000 in Estadio Azteca, and has also regularly been cited as one of the finest left-handed fighters of all time.
Childhood.
Saldivar was born in one of the many poor quarters of Mexico City and is one of seven children. He used to get in fights on the streets and in school, so his father decided to channel the misguided energy into boxing. Like many other Mexicans his father was a big boxing fan, so it was a logical move. Vicente was taught by Jose Moreno, a veteran trainer of a nearby Mexico City boxing gym.
Fighting style.
As a southpaw, Vicente Saldivar was a dynamic fighter in the ring. He could box or brawl, and often softened opponents with a brutal body attack. Among his greatest assets was his stamina; he scored seven knockouts after the 7th round. Saldivar had an unusually slow heart and pulse rate, which he claimed was the secret of the phenomenal pace he was able to maintain in the ring.
Amateur career.
Saldivar had a successful amateur career, crowned with a Mexican Golden Gloves title at bantamweight. At seventeen years old, he surprised most by making the 1960 Mexican Olympic team, but lost a very disputed decision to Ernst Chervet. Having defeated the best Mexican amateurs, Saldivar turned pro in 1961 at the age of 17.
Professional career.
Saldivar turned pro in 1961 and won the Mexican featherweight title with a second-round knockout of Juan Ramírez on February 8, 1964. His first major victory came on June 1 of that same year when he defeated future lightweight champion and hall of fame member Ismael Laguna. Before challenging for a world title, he accumulated a record of 25-1, with his sole loss coming via a contested disqualification, which he later avenged by knock out.
WBC & WBA Featherweight Championships.
On September 26, 1964, Saldivar won the WBA and WBC Featherweight titles by upsetting fellow Mexican fighter and future hall of famer Sugar Ramos with an 11th-round knockout in an extremely bloody battle. His first reign as champion would last three years, in which Saldivar made eight successful title defenses. The reign was highlighted by his trilogy with Howard Winstone.
In his first title defense, he defeated future champion Raul Rojas. On September 7, 1965, he defeated Winstone in their first meeting with a 15-round decision . Following that victory, he defeated Floyd Robertson by second round knock out. He then defeated Mitsunori Seki in two consecutive bouts. On June 15, 1967, Saldivar defeated Winston once again by a 15-round decision. In 1996, Ring magazine included their second meeting on their list of the 100 greatest title fights of all-time. In the final installment of their trilogy, he defeated Winston by 12th round knock out. Saldivar announced his retirement after that contest in October 1967. Three months later, Winstone won recognition as WBC featherweight champion, claiming the belt left vacant by Saldivar, by defeating Mitsunori Seki with a 9th-round stoppage due to a cut right eye.
Return to the ring.
After 21 months of inactivity, Saldivar returned to the ring on July 18, 1969 and won a 10-round unanimous decision over another former as well as future Featherweight champion, José Legra. Then on May 9, 1970, he regained the featherweight title with a 15-round unanimous decision over Johnny Famechon. This reign, however, was short-lived. Saldivar lost the crown seven months later in his first defense against Kuniaki Shibata.
Retirement & comeback.
He would fight once more before retiring again in 1971, however, the lure of the ring was too strong. He returned at the age of 30 after 2 years and 3 months of inactivity for another title attempt on October 21, 1973. His opponent was fellow Hall of Famer and former bantamweight champion Éder Jofre. Jofre, who was 37, had won the Featherweight crown after coming out of his own retirement (albeit a brief 7 month one). Saldivar's skills had greatly diminished and Jofre won the contest with a fourth-round knockout in Brazil. After the fight, Saldivar retired for good.
Death.
He died of cancer on July 18, 1985, aged only 42. He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5942084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942084" title="WHZT">
WHZT

WHZT is an urban-leaning Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio station licensed to Williamston, South Carolina and serving the Upstate South Carolina region. The Summit Media LLC outlet is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to broadcast at 98.1 MHz with an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts. The station goes by the name Hot 98.1 and its current slogan is "Carolina's #1 Hit Music Station."
History.
98.1 signed on the air June 6, 1953 as WBFM. The station was an adult standards outlet airing some of the same programming as sister AM WSNW in Seneca, South Carolina. The station continued with the same format until the mid-90s, even after a power increase to 100,000 watts. The station played oldies for a while and then Triple-A.
Prior to its flip to Rhythmic Top 40 in the spring of 2001, WHZT's previous format was Sports Talk as WPEK ("98.1 The Peak"). But in the week prior to the flip it stunted, and in the process kept listeners guessing, with a Modern AC format as "Q98". On April 1, 2001 Q98 became The New Hot 98-1. The first song was "Party Up" by DMX and continued with 10,000 songs in a row commercial free.Since then Hot 98.1 has done well with its Rhythmic format, which also serves as 'companion' to its Adult R&B sister WJMZ, who had been the R&B/Hip-Hop outlet in the region before seguing into their current direction in 2002. 
In September 2007, 98.1 "re-launched" with a promotion called "Pay Your Bills" after being "dead" for several days prior, the dead term referring to being "dead serious about giving away free money." This was met with much fanfare on the air as they also launched a freshened image with new voice talent and jingles, the first change of its kind since the station's 2001 launch. The re-launch paid off as WHZT rocketed to the number one position in their highly competitive target demographic, according to the Fall 2007 Arbitron survey. On March 18, 2008 the station announced that "Pay Your Bills" would be returning.
Signal and translator.
98.1 WHZT can be heard as far south and west as the northeastern suburbs of the Atlanta metro area, and as far east as the Spartanburg area. In parts of, and specifically east of the Spartanburg area, it becomes more difficult to receive WHZT due to interference from neighboring 97.9 WPEG in Charlotte. The station had a construction permit in 2006 to move its signal to an antenna closer to the metro in nearby Anderson, but it was never attempted. To improve its Spartanburg coverage, a translator of Hot 98.1 was added at 94.1 FM (W231BA) in late 2009, located in eastern Spartanburg county on the WRTH tower. The Hot 98.1 programming is fed via WJMZ's HD2 signal.
Former on-air staff.
Fisher,
Taylor Scott,
Murph Dawg,
CJ,
Cap N Lou,
JT/Justin Daly,
Anna,
Kacie,
Kristen, 
Reid,
Jet Black,
Jay Styles,
Brandy,
Johnny D,
Marino,
Eric Sean,
Stevi,
Shorty

</doc>
<doc id="5942087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942087" title="George Dodd">
George Dodd

George Dodd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5942110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942110" title="Gwinn Henry">
Gwinn Henry

Gwinn Henry (1877–1955) was an American football player, track athlete, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at Howard Payne University (1912–1913), the College of Emporia (1918–1922), the University of Missouri (1923–1931), the University of New Mexico (1934–1936), and the University of Kansas (1939–1942), compiling a career college football record of 107–77–12. Henry was also the head coach of the St. Louis Gunners, an independent professional football team, in 1933.
Coaching career.
Howard Payne.
Henry was the first head football coach at the Howard Payne University in Brownwood, Texas and he held that position for two seasons, from 1912 until 1913. His coaching record at Howard Payne was 5–7–3.
Missouri.
Henry was head coach of the University of Missouri from 1923 to 1931. During his tenure, he compiled a 40–28–9 (.578) record. On December 25, 1924, he led Missouri against USC at the Los Angeles Christmas Festival, losing by a score of 20–7.
Other schools.
Henry also coached at the University of Kansas, University of New Mexico, and the College of Emporia.
Family.
Henry is the grandfather of collegiate track and field coach Pat Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="5942112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942112" title="Kamiizumi clan">
Kamiizumi clan

The Kamiizumi clan was a Japanese clan that originated in Kai province primarily during the Sengoku Period of the 16th century. The Kamiizumi clan served loyally under the local family of Uesugi throughout the course of the 16th century. 
One very famous member of the clan of note was Kamiizumi Hidetsuna. Hidetsuna could be considered technically to be the creator of the Yagyū Shinkage ryū fighting style. This was through the fact that Yagyū Muneyoshi (the father of the famous Yagyū Munenori) served as a prime student under Hidetsuna. Through the fighting style that Hidetsuna passed down to Muneyoshi assisted in the birth of the Shinkage-Ryū.
References.
"The Sword and the Mind" - Hiraoki Sato

</doc>
<doc id="5942115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942115" title="Valoa ikkunassa">
Valoa ikkunassa

"Valoa ikkunassa" ("Light in the window") was the debut Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, performed in Finnish by Laila Kinnunen at the 1961 Contest.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Austria's Jimmy Makulis with "Sehnsucht" and preceding Yugoslavia's Ljiljana Petrović with "Neke davne zvezde". At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 10th in a field of 16.
The song is a ballad, with Kinnuen describing an evening scene in which all the lights of the buildings are gradually being switched off - with the exception of one, where a woman sings a song to her absent lover before falling asleep to dream of him.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1962 Contest by Marion Rung with "Tipi-tii".

</doc>
<doc id="5942123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942123" title="Nene (trail)">
Nene (trail)

Nene (pronounced née-nee) is a word in the language of the Seminole Indians. Roughly translated into English, it means "path" or "trail." In the city of Tallahassee, Florida, USA, it is often used in the same way that street, road, drive, terrace, or boulevard are used: following the name of the thoroughfare.
Examples: Ohbah Nene, Chowkeebin Nene, Chuli Nene, Wahalaw Nene.
All of the above are actual examples of nenes that can be found in the Indianhead Acres neighborhood of Tallahassee, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5942130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942130" title="Nain rug">
Nain rug

Nain rugs are constructed using the Persian knot and typically have between 300 and 700 knots per inch. The pile is usually very high quality wool, clipped short, and silk is often used as highlighting for detail in the design. Some pieces are made entirely of silk. Nain rugs are often made in the areas surrounding the town of Nain, not necessarily the town itself. Nains utilize the Shah Abbas design and make use of flowing design such as flowers and tendrils.
Nain is a small town in the centre of Iran, very close to the famous city of Esfahan. Before the start of the 20th Century, it was well known for producing high quality handmade woollen cloth. Because of a decline in that business, the town commissioned weavers from Esfahan to create hand knotted rugs. This link remains obvious when looking at contemporary Nain rugs, but contemporary rugs do exhibit a style of their own, often using highlighting of blue on cream or ivory backgrounds. Depending on the rug's quality, the warp and weft will be either silk or cotton, though cotton is most commonly employed.
Varying levels of ply are referred to as "la", with lower numbers meaning finer quality. Nowadays, Nain itself only produces very fine 4 or 6 La quality. Other 9 La and 12 La are produced mostly in the Khorasan region i.e. Kashmar, Mashhad.
Nain rug designers.
The most famous and influential Nain masterweaver is Habibian, and rugs produced from his workshop are among the finest and most sought-after carpets in the world.
Another famous rug and carpet designers in Nain is Reza Jafari Naini. He has taught many trainers with this great and traditional art in his small workshop which is next to his home in Nain. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942133" title="Detail">
Detail

Detail or details may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5942134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942134" title="Ludwig Darmstaedter">
Ludwig Darmstaedter

Ludwig Darmstaedter (August 9, 1846 – October 18, 1927) was a German chemist and historian of science.

</doc>
<doc id="5942139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942139" title="KCAB-LP">
KCAB-LP

KCAB-LP is a low-power television station serving western Pinal County, Arizona as an America One affiliate. It provides analog over-the-air service on UHF channel 28 from its transmitter in downtown Casa Grande, Arizona, and is available on various area cable providers. KCAB-LP is owned by Central Arizona Broadcasting, LLC. of Casa Grande.
History.
In February 1999, Central Arizona Broadcasting began operating K47FW, a low-power television station on UHF channel 47, on Special Temporary Authorization from the FCC. On October 18, 2002, the FCC granted an original construction permit to build a licensed low-power television station on channel 27, to be K27HF. 
Prior to completing construction, Central Arizona Broadcasting realized the potential for interference on channel 27 from Phoenix station KAZT-CA, and applied to the FCC to move to channel 28. The FCC granted the application and the station was licensed on October 27, 2005, taking the call sign of KCAB-LP. It was the second television station licensed to Casa Grande and the first station to air locally-produced programming.
In 2009, KCAB filed an application to return to channel 47 as a digital channel. Together with a transmitter move, the 15 kW signal would reach Casa Grande; Arizona City; Eloy; Maricopa; Chandler, Gilbert, and other parts of the eastern Phoenix suburbs; and Florence. Currently, signal coverage is limited to Casa Grande only.
Programming.
KCAB-LP airs most of the schedule from America One television. Local programming includes a newscast at 6:30 PM and 10 PM called "News 28 Prime". Other local programs include "Rox Tales", "Travel Talk", "Community Conversations" and "Sandi's Show". Sports features include home basketball games from Central Arizona College in nearby Coolidge.

</doc>
<doc id="5942152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942152" title="George Dodd (writer)">
George Dodd (writer)

George Dodd is an Australian comedy writer. His list of credits as co-writer includes many popular Australian comedy TV shows from the 1990s up until today.
He appeared on-screen in Andrew Denton's 1989/1990 comedy series "The Money or the Gun", under his own name, playing the part of a supposed expert on various subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="5942156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942156" title="Hesser">
Hesser

Hesser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="5942163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942163" title="Little John a Begging">
Little John a Begging

Little John A Begging is Child ballad 142 and about Robin Hood. It exists in two variants, one fragmentary.
Synopsis.
In one variant, Robin Hood sends Little John out, disguised as a beggar. In the fragmentary one, Little John apparently exchanges clothing with a beggar, as the surviving ballads opens with his complaint that they do not fit. In both variants, he meets up with beggars who realize that he is not one of their company. They fight, and Little John wins.
The fragmented version breaks off there, but in the complete one, Little John discovers they were carrying a great deal of money and takes it.
Adaptations.
Howard Pyle, in his "The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood", transferred this adventure to Robin.

</doc>
<doc id="5942171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942171" title="Tom Fennell">
Tom Fennell

Thomas Francis Fennell (May 25, 1875 – November 4, 1936) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Cincinnati in 1897 and at Pennsylvania State University from 1904 to 1908, compiling a career college football record of 42–18–2. Fennell played football at Cornell University, where he is a member of their Athletic Hall of Fame.
Fennell was the son of Thomas McCarthy Fennell. He graduated from Cornell Law School, and was admitted to the bar. During his legal career, he was City Attorney of Elmira, County Attorney of Chemung County, and First Deputy Secretary of State of New York. In November 1910, he ran on the Republican ticket for New York State Treasurer but was defeated.
Hall of Fame.
Fennell was inducted into Cornell Athletic Hall of Fame. Fennell was described as a "star" in three different sports while at Cornell: Football, Men's Crew, and Men's Track as well as being Heavyweight Champion in boxing.
The Cornell Hall of Fame states that Fennell
Fennell's Nephew, Thomas Francis Fennell II, Class of 1926, is also a Cornell Athletic Hall of Famer.

</doc>
<doc id="5942173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942173" title="Hilda Neihardt">
Hilda Neihardt

Hilda Neihardt (1916–2004) was one of her father John G. Neihardt's "comrades in adventure," and at the age of 15 accompanied him as "official observer" to meetings with Black Elk, the Lakota holy man whose life stories were the basis for her father's book, "Black Elk Speaks" and for her own later works. 
She was born in Bancroft, Nebraska, on December 6, 1916, to her writer father and sculptor mother. In 1920 her extended family moved to Branson, Missouri, in the Ozark Mountains, then to Springfield and on to St. Louis in Missouri as her father's work changed. 
Hilda Neihardt attended Southwest Missouri State Teachers' College in Springfield, Missouri, and Wayne State College in Wayne, Nebraska and received her undergraduate degree from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
After graduation, she worked for the Swiss Consulate in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1944, she left the Consulate to join the WAVES. While in the service, she sang with the Ray Charles Orchestra on the "Waves on Parade" radio program broadcast from Hunter College in New York City. At her request she transferred to Pasco, Washington, where she served as a control tower operator.
She married Albert J. Petri, April 4, 1944. They had three children: Gail, Robin, and Coralie. (Her son, Robin, took the Neihardt surname and used Petri as his middle name.)
In 1960, she entered the University of Missouri Law School, graduating with a JD degree in 1963. She was the first woman to practice law in central Missouri. During her years in Columbia, Neihardt was instrumental in obtaining the land and doing the legal work for the creation of the Rock Bridge State Park in Columbia, Missouri.
After retiring from her law practice, Neihardt became very active in promoting her father's works. She wrote "The End of the Dream and other Stories"' and "The Giving Earth" as compilations that are representative of all Neihardt's writings. She authored "Black Elk Speaks and Flaming Rainbow" her personal memoirs of Black Elk and John Neihardt, and edited "Black Elk Lives: Conversations with the Black Elk Family" with Lori Utecht. Her last book, "The Broidered Garment: The Love Story of Mona Martinsen and John G. Neihardt", was about her parents. 
Hilda Neihardt received the first "Word Sender Award" from the John G. Neihardt Foundation in 1999. Her book, "Black Elk Lives," was the non-fiction winner of the 2001 Nebraska Book Awards Program sponsored by The Nebraska Center for the Book. A special ceremony awarding her an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters by Wayne State College was held in Indianapolis, Indiana on July 23, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5942176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942176" title="National Day of Remembrance for Victims of Terrorism">
National Day of Remembrance for Victims of Terrorism

The National Day of Remembrance for Victims of Terrorism is marked every year on June 23 in Canada to mark the anniversary of the bombing of Air India Flight 182 off the coast of Ireland.
On this day, flags across Canada are flown at half-mast to honour the victims of the bombing, as well as other acts of terrorist violence that have taken lives of Canadians.

</doc>
<doc id="5942182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942182" title="Bogra District Stadium">
Bogra District Stadium

Bogra District Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bogra, Bangladesh. It is currently used mostly for cricket matches. The stadium holds 15,000 people and opened in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5942194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942194" title="Adrian Dale">
Adrian Dale

Adrian Dale (born 24 October 1968) is a former South African cricketer, right-handed batsman, and right-arm medium-pace bowler who scored over 12,500 first class runs and took over 200 first class wickets. He played exclusively for Glamorgan, playing with the team between 1989 and 2004. His only other first class games were when he was selected to tour South Africa with England A in 1992. Adrian was born in South Africa but raised in Wales. In 2001 his wife gave birth to Jessica Dale followed by luke (2004) and Georgia (2006).
While with Glamorgan, he won the Young Player of the Year award in 1991, a year before winning a cap for his county. He was to win the more prestigious title of Player of the Year in the two consecutive years of 2000 and 2001 and was to have a benefit season in 2002 which would raise £113,000. He was part of the 1997 Championship winning team.
Most recently, he participated in the Twenty20 Cup matches of 2003 and 2004, finishing his career by hitting the winning runs in the crucial game of Glamorgan's 2004 1st Division One Day Championship.
He has now moved to New Zealand and works for the Auckland Cricket Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5942202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942202" title="Lamoriello Trophy">
Lamoriello Trophy

The Lamoriello Trophy is awarded annually to the champion of the Hockey East Men's Ice Hockey Tournament. The award came into existence on March 7, 1988 and is named for the first commissioner of Hockey East, Lou Lamoriello. In 1998, a permanent trophy was commissioned, and in 1999, it was awarded for the first time, to the Boston College Eagles. The winner of the Lamoriello Trophy receives an automatic entry to the NCAA Division I Ice Hockey Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5942208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942208" title="Sheikh Abu Naser Stadium">
Sheikh Abu Naser Stadium

Sheikh Abu Naser Stadium, () previously known as Bir Shrestha Shahid Flight Lieutenant Motiur Rahman Stadium is a Test cricket venue in Khulna, Bangladesh. The stadium holds 15,000 people and opened in 2004. It is the home stadium of the local Bangladesh Premier League franchise Khulna Royal Bengals. The Sheikh Abu Naser Stadium was one of the five purpose-built cricket grounds established in the run-up to the 2004 Under-19 World Cup. It was finally granted one-day international status in January 2006, ahead of Sri Lanka's tour. Khulna, situated in the south-western corner of the country, is the third-largest industrial centre in Bangladesh. Khulna became the seventh Test venue in the country when it hosted the second Test between Bangladesh and West Indies from November 21, 2012.
First test and ODI.
The ground hosted its first Test match from 21–25 November 2012 where Bangladesh played against the West Indies. The first ODI between Bangladesh and Kenya took place on 20 March 2006.
BPL 2013.
Khulna hosted matches of the Bangladesh Premier League for the first time, making it the third venue of the competition. 8 matches were played here from 22 January to 25 January 2013. Home team Khulna Royal Bengals played 3 matches, of which they won the last two.

</doc>
<doc id="5942213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942213" title="George W. Hoskins">
George W. Hoskins

George Washington "Doc" Hoskins (October 1864 – January 22, 1958) was an American football player and coach of football and basketball. He served as the head football coach at Pennsylvania State University (1892–1895), the University of Pittsburgh (1896), and Bucknell University (1899–1906, 1909), compiling a career college football record of 59–48–9. Hoskins was also the head basketball coach at Bucknell from 1908 to 1911, tallying a mark of 21–14.
Early life.
Hoskins was born in 1864 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Coaching career.
Hoskins was the first head coach for the Penn State Nittany Lions football team. While the school played football from 1887 to 1891, before his arrival, Hoskins is credited for being their first coach. During his tenure from 1892 to 1895, he compiled a 17–4–4 record. His .760 winning percentage ranks highest in school history, surpassing notable coaches such as Joe Paterno, Hugo Bezdek, and Rip Engle. He lost his first college football game at the University of Pennsylvania, and tied his final game against Western Reserve University.
He followed up his career at Penn State by becoming the third-ever head coach for the Pittsburgh Panthers in 1896. By mid-November 1896, Hoskins was called upon to become the head coach of the early professional football team, the Pittsburgh Athletic Club. He tried to salvage the team's dismal season, but instead helped guide them to a 2–5–3 record.
Hoskins later served as a trainer during spring training for the Cincinnati Reds. He died in 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="5942223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942223" title="Anthesis">
Anthesis

Anthesis is the period during which a flower is fully open and functional. It may also refer to the onset of that period.
The onset of anthesis is spectacular in some species. In "Banksia" species, for example, anthesis involves the extension of the style far beyond the upper perianth parts. Anthesis of flowers is sequential within an inflorescence, so when the style and perianth are different colours, the result is a striking colour change that gradually sweeps along the inflorescence.
Flowers with diurnal anthesis generally have brightly colored flowers to attract diurnal insects, such as butterflies.
Flowers with nocturnal anthesis generally have white or less colorful flowers, that contrast more strongly with the night. These flowers typically attract nocturnal insects including many moth species.

</doc>
<doc id="5942226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942226" title="Maurice Bishop Patriotic Movement">
Maurice Bishop Patriotic Movement

The Maurice Bishop Patriotic Movement (MBPM) was a socialist political party in Grenada. It was established by George Louison and Kendrick Radix, supporters of slain Prime Minister Maurice Bishop, after the US invasion of Grenada. However, despite the popularity of the revolution with many Grenadians, the MBPM was a marginal force in the island's politics. In the 1984 elections it received only 5% of the vote and failed to win a seat. In the 1990 elections its vote share dropped to 2.4%, falling to 1.6% in 1995 and 0.6% in 1999. The party's last leader, Terrence Marryshow, merged the MBPM with another left-wing party in 2002, creating the People's Labour Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="5942227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942227" title="John Baird Finlay">
John Baird Finlay

John Baird Finlay (29 January 1929 – 17 October 2010) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. His career had been in the school system, as a teacher and superintendent.
Finlay was born in 1929 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. He attended John Wanless public school in Toronto (1934–36), then a PNEU school in Croydon. England in 1936. He returned to Toronto in 1937 and attended Hodgson public school until 1942 followed by University of Toronto Schools until 1947. He then studied at Victoria College, Toronto earning a Bachelor of Arts in 1952.
His teaching career included terms at Upper Canada College from 1952 to 1954, then in Woodstock, Ontario from 1955 to 1964 except for the 1957-58 school year at Ingersoll District Collegiate Institute (IDCI). He was assistant secretary of the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation from 1964 to 1967. He became vice-principal (1967–69) and principal (1970–73) in Woodstock, Ontario, and returned to IDCI as principal from 1973 to 1977. He earned a Master of Education at the University of Western Ontario in 1977. From that year to 1988, he was superintendent of schools for the Oxford County Board of Education.
Finlay made unsuccessful attempts at political office in the 1963 Woodstock municipal election, and in the 1981 and 1987 Ontario elections. He was elected to federal office in the riding of Oxford under the Liberal Party of Canada in the 1993, 1997 and 2000 general elections, serving in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively.
Finlay left office in 2004 as he chose not to campaign again for the Oxford riding. David Mackenzie of the Conservative party won the riding in that year's general election.
Towards the end of his life, Finlay suffered from Parkinson's disease. He died on 17 October 2010 at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="5942246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942246" title="Vidas Secas (film)">
Vidas Secas (film)

Vidas Secas (, meaning "Barren lives") is a 1963 Brazilian drama film directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos, and based on the 1938 novel of the same name by Graciliano Ramos. It tells the story of a poverty-stricken family in the dry Brazilian northeast.
The film stars Átila Iório, Orlando Macedo, Maria Ribeiro and Jofre Soares. It is one of the key films in the Brazilian Cinema Novo movement. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5942256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942256" title="Andrew Spano">
Andrew Spano

Andrew J. Spano (born April 17, 1936) is a Democratic politician from the state of New York, who served as Westchester County Executive from 1998 until 2010, when he was defeated by challenger Rob Astorino in the November 2009 elections in a surprising upset. 
He was elected County Executive in 1997, and reelected in 2001 and 2005. Prior to his election as County Executive, Andrew Spano was Westchester County Clerk from 1982 to 1994.
He also served on the board of County Executives of America, an organization representing the interests of counties nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5942261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942261" title="Bill Hollenback">
Bill Hollenback

William Marshall "Big Bill" Hollenback (February 22, 1886 – March 12, 1968) was an American football player and coach. He played football at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was selected as an All-American fullback three straight years, from 1906 to 1908. Hollenback served as the head football coach at Pennsylvania State University (1909, 1911–1914), the University of Missouri (1910), Pennsylvania Military College, now Widener University (1912, 1915), and Syracuse University (1916), compiling a career college football record of 46–19–8. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1951.
Early life and playing career.
Born in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, Hollenback attended Phillipsburg High School. As an undergraduate at the University of Pennsylvania from 1904 to 1908, he became one of the school's most renowned football players. He played end in 1904. He was unable to play during the 1905 season due to a broken leg. After returning from the injury, Hollenback was moved to the fullback, a position he played from 1906 to 1908. He was selected as an All-American fullback in each of those years. As a senior in 1908, Holleback was the captain of the undefeated Penn team that was named national champion. Jim Thorpe, whose Carlisle Indians team played Penn to a 6–6 tie in 1908, called Hollenback his "greatest and toughest opponent." In 1921, Hollenback played professional football for the Union Quakers of Philadelphia alongside future Philadelphia Eagles founder, co-owner and coach, Bert Bell. In 1925, Hollenback served as the referee for the Pottsville Maroons' 9–7 victory over the Notre Dame All-Stars, featuring the legendary Four Horsemen, at Shibe Park. The game resulted in a controversy that stripped the Maroons of their 1925 NFL championship
Coaching career.
Hollenback received a degree in dentistry, but opted to become a football coach after graduating from Penn. He served as the head football coach at Penn State (1909, 1911–1914), the University of Missouri (1910), Pennsylvania Military College (1915) and Syracuse University (1916). During his tenure, he compiled a 28-9-4 (.732) record.
Business and politics.
Hollenback served briefly as the president of the Bird Coal Company in 1914. He also owned the William M. Hollenback Coal Company. He was also active in politics, and served on the Philadelphia City Council from 1940 to 1944.
Family and death.
Hollenback married Marion Cressman in 1917. They had one child, William M. Hollenback, Jr. His older brother, Jack Hollenback, was also a head football coach at Penn State. Hollenback died in 1968 at age 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5942266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942266" title="Casey Royer">
Casey Royer

Casey Royer (born October 8, 1960) is an American musician who began his career playing drums for punk bands, The Detours and Social Distortion at age 18 in 1978. He then moved on to play for The Adolescents off and on from 1980–87. While The Adolescents were on hiatus from 1981–86, Casey went on to form D.I. in 1981, a Southern California hardcore beach-party punk band. When The Adolescents regrouped in 1986, Casey returned to start working on their new album, "Brats in Battalions", but left before the album was recorded. He rejoined them in 2001-2002 for their 20th Anniversary Tour. Casey also joined ADZ from 1989–93, after which he again made D.I. his primary focus. He is the only remaining original member of D.I.'s line-up and has been billed as their vocalist since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5942275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942275" title="John Penrose (archer)">
John Penrose (archer)

John Penrose (5 May 1850 – 21 April 1932) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Penrose entered the double York round event in 1908, taking fourth place with 709 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942278" title="Frank Agnew">
Frank Agnew

Frank Agnew (born on August 18, 1964) is an American guitarist, best known for being a member of punk band The Adolescents.
Agnew joined The Adolescents in 1980 after leaving Social Distortion. He left when The Adolescents broke up in the summer of 1981, and joined the band Legal Weapon with Steve, and then played with T.S.O.L. Like the rest of the original line-up, Frank returned to The Adolescents in 1986, but soon left along with Casey Royer. The Adolescents reformed in 1988 to release Balboa Fun*Zone and Frank played guitar on two of the tracks, however, he did not rejoin the new band line-up. This version of the Adolescents broke up in 1989. He was part of the 2004 reformed Adolescents and was sole guitarist on the 2005 "L.A. Confidential" album. He is the brother of guitarist Rikk Agnew.
In 2010, Frank Agnew joined L.A. Punk and death rock legend Dinah Cancer in 45 Grave. They released a CD "Pick Your Poison" on Frontier Records in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5942287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942287" title="Steve Soto">
Steve Soto

Steve Soto (born August 23, 1963) is an American musician. He was once part of California punk band Agent Orange, and started The Adolescents in 1980.
When The Adolescents broke up, Soto, together with Frank Agnew, joined the Los Angeles based band Legal Weapon.
In 1986 The Adolescents reunited. In 1988 Soto was the main vocalist in the band. In 1989 The Adolescents broke up.
Soto then went on to form the band Joyride with former Adolescent drummer Sandy Hanson. They released two albums, "Johnny Bravo" and "Another Month of Mondays", both on Dr. Dream records. While in Joyride he also started Manic Hispanic with Mike "Gabby" Gaborno and other members of the Cadillac Tramps and the Grabbers. The band has released four records on BYO Records, "The Menudo Incident"(1994), "The Recline of Mexican Civilization" (1998), "Mijo goes to Jr. College" (2002) and "Grupo Sexo" (2005). In 1996 he started the group 22 Jacks with Joe Sib from the group Wax; they toured extensively and released three records, "Uncle Bob"(1997) "Overserved" (1999) and "Going North" (2001) on the SideOneDummy label.
In 2001 Soto joined Punk Rock Karaoke with Eric Melvin (NOFX) Greg Hetson (Bad Religion/Circle Jerks) and Derric Obrien (Social Distortion, DI, Agent Orange and Adolescents); they play "punk classics" live, letting members of the audience sing along.
The Adolescents regrouped in 2001 and began performing live again, going on to release OC Confidential in 2005 and The Fastest Kid Alive in 2011 and American Dogs in Europe ep 2012 they continue to tour and will release a new record in 2013 they are currently signed to Concrete Jungle Records in Europe ...
Soto has also fronted the band Steve Soto and the Twisted Hearts with James Achor, Mike Duffy, Veikko Lepisto, and Mike Bolger and performs solo as a singer/songwriter 
He has released two records with the Twisted Hearts "An Exercise In Blue" and "West Coast Bound " both are available on iTunes ...

</doc>
<doc id="5942291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942291" title="Mark Steven Johnson">
Mark Steven Johnson

Mark Steven Johnson is an American film director, writer, and producer.
Johnson was born in Hastings, Minnesota and graduated from California State University, Long Beach. He has written and directed the two comic book based films "Daredevil" and "Ghost Rider" as well as the film "Simon Birch". His early writing credits are for the film "Grumpy Old Men" and its sequel "Grumpier Old Men". Most recently he produced "Grudge Match" for Warner Bros. which was released on Christmas 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5942293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942293" title="Allentown Art Museum">
Allentown Art Museum

The Allentown Art Museum is an art museum located in the city of Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It was founded in 1934 by a group organized by noted Pennsylvania impressionist painter, Walter Emerson Baum. With its collection of over 13,000 works of art, the Allentown Art Museum is a major regional art institution. In addition, its library and archives of more than 16,000 titles and 40 current periodicals make it an important regional cultural resource.
Founding of the museum.
The "Allentown Art Gallery" was organized by Baum and opened in Allentown's Hunsicker School on March 17, 1934. With seventy canvases by local Pennsylvania impressionist artists on display, the gallery attracted major attention from the local and regional art communities. During the Great Depression, Baum was able to grow the collection through the Public Works of Art Project and through acquisitions and gifts. In June 1936, the City of Allentown granted the museum a permanent home in a Federal-style house located in the Rose Garden in Allentown's Cedar Park. The museum's first curator was local artist John E. Berninger, who lived with his wife on the museum's second floor.
The Kress endowment.
In 1959, a gift of fifty-three Renaissance and Baroque paintings and sculptures from Samuel H. Kress (a native of nearby Cherryville, Pennsylvania) brought the museum to a new level. The Kress gift stimulated community visionaries and museum friends to purchase and refurbish a building, formerly the First Presbyterian Church (originally built 1902), suitable to house the new collection. 
In 1960, the Kress gift was featured in the museum's first major catalog, "The Samuel H. Kress Memorial Collection", written by Richard Hirsch, the institution's first director. In his introduction, Hirsch's observed how the "fleeting imagery of TV" changed perceptions of the works in the collection. When created, they were not merely one of many representations of religious figures, but the figures themselves. Hirsch's observations portend the Slow Movement arising more than 25 years later encouraging a renewed, attentive appreciation of the world, including fine art. The museum began featuring "Slow Art" days in 2011 to acknowledge the benefits of quiet, intense reflection. 
In 1975, an Edgar Tafel-designed expansion to the building was completed to enhance the museum's programs and collecting plans. At that time, the Museum installed a room designed by Frank Lloyd Wright as part of its permanent collection: the library from the second Francis W. Little House. Another room from that house can be seen at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
2010-2011 expansion.
In 2010, the museum began a $15.4 million expansion project, designed by architecture firm Venturi Scott Brown of Philadelphia, to renovate the museum, add of new classroom and gallery space, corner cafe, expanded gift shop, and add an new all-glass facade to the Fifth Street side of the facility. The expansion, which is the museum's first since 1975, was initially proposed in 1999 and is a significant reduction from the $32 million, addition originally planned. Approximately 40% of the new space will be gallery space. During construction, which is scheduled to begin November 15, 2010 and run until September, 2011, the museum will be closed to the public.
Current collection.
The Allentown Art Museum's collection, still largely defined by European paintings in 1975, expanded with a large collection of textiles and another gift of works on paper. The 1978 acquisition of Gilbert Stuart's beguiling portrait of Ann Penn Allen (granddaughter of William Allen, the founder of the museum's native Allentown), set the benchmark for the qualitative standards of the collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5942295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942295" title="WWHG">
WWHG

WWHG (105.9 FM MHz) is a commercial mainstream rock radio station licensed to Evansville, Wisconsin and serving the areas of Madison and Janesville. The station is owned by Big Radio and began a new rock music format as "105-9 The Hog" on January 13, 2007, after several years with a Rhythmic Top 40 format.
History.
At Midnight on January 10, 2007, WKPO abruptly dropped Rhythmic Top 40. After looping "Hip Hop Is Dead" by Nas all day January 10, the station reverted to a stunt of different music from different formats, with voiceovers suggesting any one of them could be the new format that would launch on January 13, 2007. At 10AM on the 13th, WKPO's new format was unveiled: album-oriented rock as "105.9 The Hog," promising "Everything that rocks, not just from one decade." "You Shook Me All Night Long" by AC/DC and "Smells Like Teen Spirit" by Nirvana were the first two songs played on the new "105-9 The Hog."
The new format and the "Hog" imaging are a direct copy of Saga Communications-owned WHQG in Milwaukee ("102.9 The Hog"). Indeed, "105-9 The Hog" airs the Bob and Brian show—a program that originates from WHQG—during its morning drive time. (The show had aired on sister station WTLX since 2003.)
Coinciding with the format switch, the station's call letters changed to WWHG (although in the days immediately after the flip, the station did identify themselves with the calls "WHGG"[http://rrstar.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20070115/NEWS/101150043/-1/NEWSNOW]).
However, the Rhythmic format would make a surprise return to the Madison radio market on January 26, 2007, when WSLK dropped their simulcast of WHLK to become WJQM, "106.7 Jamz." When the "Wisconsin State Journal" asked Keith Williams, general manager of WWHG, about the format being picked up by another outlet in the market, he said has no regrets about switching off the rap music, but he said he'll listen to the new hip-hop station. "I love the format," Williams said. "I wish them the best of luck."
In January 2014, Good Karma Broadcasting announced that it would sell WWHG and sister station WTJK (1380 AM) to Big Radio. As part of the deal, the new owners began operating the stations through a local marketing agreement on February 1. The sale was completed on May 12, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5942302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942302" title="Pegaso Z-102">
Pegaso Z-102

The Pegaso Z-102 was a sports car coupé produced in Spain between 1951 and 1958.
Background.
Pegaso was an established company noted for its trucks and motor coaches, but also produced sports cars for seven years. Pegaso chief technical manager by then was Wifredo Ricart, former designer of the Alfa Romeo 512, and fellow rival of Enzo Ferrari, who at the time had also worked for Alfa Romeo.
Design.
The Z-102 employed racing-car technology in its chassis and alloy body. Everything was produced in-house at Barcelona, where the Pegaso cars factory was, with the exception of the external coachworking, either by Carrozzeria Touring, Saoutchik or Serra (although early Z-102 units carry Pegaso-made bodies). A four-cam all-alloy V8 engine, dry-sump lubrication, and a 5-speed non-syncronmesh gearbox mounted with the differential as a unit were within a pressed steel chassis.
The Z-102 started life as two prototypes in 1951 as a coupe and a drophead. The coupe and convertible had dumpy steel bodies, and weight was an issue to the extent that Pegaso made the decision to revert to alloy for the coachwork. Coachbuilder Touring then 'beautified' the design, replacing the grille with a two-piece cross, lowering the car, repositioning the foglights, and simplifying various details to give it a clean profile, similar to the contemporary Aston Martin DB2 and the Lancia Aurelia, that was the most memorable and numerous of all Z-102 bodies.
The Z102 entered production with a 2.5 (2472cc) litre engine as used in the prototypes, though later there were variants with 2.8 (2816cc), and 3.2 (3178cc) litre DOHC desmodromic 32-valve V8 360 hp (270 kW) engines with multiple carburetors or optional supercharger. Horsepower ranged from 175 to 360, and, transferred through a five-speed gearbox and gear-driven camshaft, the fastest could reach , exceeding Ferrari autos, thus making it the world's fastest production car at the time. The base model had an 120 mph (192 km/h) top speed.
The main beams of the car's frame had large lightening holes, and the wheel wells under the body were used as stressed members.
This rear-wheel-drive car had its transmission in the rear, connected to the differential (making it a transaxle). But it was unusually located "behind" the differential within a reverse A-frame whose apex was at the rear of the chassis. A fuel tank was situated on each side of the transmission.
The rear suspension was of the De Dion type, with the unusual feature that, to restrain the tube from side-to-side movement, its tube had a small wheel at its midpoint that rolled in a vertical channel on the front of the differential (which in a De Dion system is bolted to the chassis) instead of using a Watts linkage or a Panhard rod.
However, the cars were heavy and brutish to drive and competition success was virtually nonexistent. Because the cars were built on a cost-no-object basis, this caused financial difficulty in the company. A simplified and cheaper version, the Z-103 with 3.9, 4.5 and 4.7 litre engines, was put into production, but to no avail, and the Z-102 was discontinued after 1958. Just 86 cars were produced, and out of these, only a handful of cabriolets were built.
Racing and elegance contests.
The Pegasos raced in several competitions, but with no real success. In the 1953 Le Mans trials, driver Juan Jover was seriously injured after crashing at more than 200 km/h. They competed also in the 1954 Carrera Panamericana, driven by Joaquin Palacio, with increasingly promising results in the first stages, but again an accident prevented an excellent final position.
Furthermore, on September 25, 1953, in Jabbeke (Belgium), a Z-102 Touring BS/2.8 (the old Barchetta used at Le Mans, 2.8 litre single supercharger), driven by Celso Fernández, broke four official R.A.C.B. (Royal Automobile Club de Belgique) worldwide records (fastest of them, 243.079 km/h (= 151.042 mph) average in the flying-start kilometer), previously owned by a Jaguar XK120. The original Z-102 BSS/2.5 Bisiluro Especial Competición (2.5 litre twin supercharged) meant to take on the records couldn't be used because of a blown engine.
Pegasos achieved much better results in several "Concours d'Elegance" contests. A Pegaso Z-102 coupé by Saoutchick, owned by Baron Thyssen-Bornemisza, was in this respect the epitome of coachwork sophistication, as it had seats upholstered with leopard skin and controls in gold, and in such a finish it won the 1953 Enghien-les-Bains (France) Grand Prix d'Elegance.

</doc>
<doc id="5942303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942303" title="New York State Route 131">
New York State Route 131

New York State Route 131 (NY 131) is a long state highway in St. Lawrence County, New York, in the United States. It serves as a coastal alternate route to NY 37, going around the village of Massena instead of through it. NY 131 leaves NY 37 in the town of Louisville and rejoins it in the town of Massena. Town Line Road, a county-maintained highway straddling the Louisville–Massena town line, serves as a connector between NY 131 and Massena village.
Route description.
NY 131 begins at an intersection with NY 37 (Seaway Trail) in the hamlet of Louisville Corner in the town of Louisville. The route progresses northeastward on a parallel of NY 37 and the St. Lawrence River as a two-lane roadway. A short distance after the terminus, NY 131 intersects with the Wilson Hill Causeway, which connects to Wilson Hill Island. The route passes a nearby marina and some residences, soon entering the hamlet of Tucker Terrace. In Tucker Terrace, NY 131 makes a gradual curve to the southeast, passes the Massena Country Club, and intersects with County Route 41 (CR 41). Paralleling the Richards Landing Bike Trail, NY 131 makes another bend, this time back to the northeast past more riverside homes. After a distance, the amount of residences recedes, and NY 131 intersects with CR 43 (Town Line Road), which connects the route to the village of Massena. After the crossing, NY 131 leaves Louisville for the town of Massena, crossing the Massena Power Canal.
Paralleling the riverside, NY 131 passes within of the St. Lawrence and Long Sault Island before turning to the southeast and soon east through Massena. Some residences appear after the intersection with Dennison Road, however the route remains mainly rural, passing an inlet of the St. Lawrence just south of the intersection with Barnhart Island Road. At that intersection, NY 131 abruptly turns southward along the right-of-way and heads deeper into the town. Crossing an intersection with CR 42 (Massena-Massena Center Road), NY 131 crosses the Grass River before entering an interchange with NY 37 (Seaway Trail), where the designation terminates in St. Lawrence Center. Right near the intersection is Massena International Airport's Richards Field.
History.
NY 37 originally entered the village of Massena when it was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. In the mid-1950s, construction began on a bypass around the southern edge of the village. It opened to traffic as a realignment of NY 37 by 1958. The former alignment of NY 37 from the bypass eastward along the Grasse River to Town Line Road was designated as NY 131 by 1960. The remainder of NY 37's old routing through Massena became an extension of NY 37B, which continued west through the town of Louisville on Town Line Road and an unnamed roadway along the St. Lawrence River to NY 37 at Louisville Corner.
The alignments of NY 37B and NY 131 west of the Town Line Road / Maple Street intersection were flipped , placing NY 37B on NY 37's former alignment and NY 131 on the riverside highway and Town Line Road. Within two years, NY 131 was realigned again, this time east of Town Line Road, to follow a new road along the river to Barnhart Island Road, where it turned south and followed the highway to its junction with NY 37. A short, -long portion of NY 131's former alignment on Town Line Road is still maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation as NY 971J, an unsigned reference route. The remainder of Town Line Road is maintained by St. Lawrence County as County Route 43.

</doc>
<doc id="5942306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942306" title="John Bridges (archer)">
John Bridges (archer)

John Henry Bridges (26 March 1852 – 12 February 1925) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in Beddington.
Bridges entered the double York round event in 1908, taking fifth place with 687 points. He also participated in the Continental style event but his result is unknown. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942308" title="Joe Bedenk">
Joe Bedenk

Fred Joseph "Joe" Bedenk (July 14, 1897 – May 2, 1978) was an American football and baseball player and coach. He served as the head baseball coach at Rice University from 1925 to 1926 and at Pennsylvania State University from 1931 to 1962. Bedenk was also the head football coach at Penn State for one season in 1949, tallying a mark of 5–4.
Playing career.
Bedenk played guard for the Penn State Nittany Lions football team. He was elected team captain and earned All-America honors in 1923. He graduated from Penn State with a Bachelor of Arts in finance in 1924.
Coaching career.
Bedenk served for several years as Penn state's offensive line coach before being promoted to head coach for the 1949 season. After finishing the year at 5–4, Bedenk requested a return to coaching the offensive line and the university brought in Rip Engle as head coach, and Engle's quarterback from Brown University, Joe Paterno as an assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5942311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942311" title="Munford High School">
Munford High School

Munford High School is a public high school located in Munford, Tennessee. The school educates about 1,300 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Tipton County School District.
General information.
Munford High School is noted in West Tennessee for its diverse academic offerings, high quality teachers, and its commitment to athletics and the arts, most notably its band program, regarded by some to be one of the best in Tennessee. The test scores show the school to be about the state average if not above average in some areas such as math. Munford High School's English and EOC Gateway exams were the highest in the state for the 2005-2006 school year and its 2009 State Writing Assessment scores were in the 99th percentile. The principal as of September 2013 is Dr. Courtney Fee. The assistant principals are Dr. Sharon Ivie and Octavia Winfrey-Crawford.
The school's location since 1983 is 1080 McLaughlin Drive. Previously, it was located on the current site of the Munford City Hall. Its mascot is the Cougar, adopted in 1983. Previous mascots were the Black Cat and the Tiger. The yearbook at one time was called the Conqueror, at least from 1947 to 1957, but is no longer published under that name. The school graduated its first class in 1930.
Academics.
The school offers several academic courses, with many options in agriculture, health sciences, and industrial arts/vocational tech courses. A small number of AP courses are offered. A Dual Enrollment program with Dyersburg State Community College is also an option for some core classes, including English and History. A number of visual arts courses are offered, but few other arts courses are part of the curriculum.
Activities.
The school receives most recognition for its band program, established in 1946. The band has won fourteen University of Memphis Bandmaster's Championships since 1995. In 2007 and 2010 the band was named USSBA State Champions, and placed 3rd in their class at the USSBA National Championships in Baltimore, MD. In 2009, the band returned to the USSBA National Championship, placing 2nd overall, as well as receiving Highest Visual Score, Highest Percussion Score, and the United States Marine Corps "Esprit de Corps" award. In 2011, the band took first in the USSBA National Championship with the tightest National Championship winning margin in USSBA history, garnering twenty-five hundredths of a point higher than Immaculata H.S. from Somerville, N.J. Barry Trobaugh is the Director of Bands and Gary Fite (MHS c/o 86) and Peter Colin, Jr. (MHS c/o 05) are the assistant directors. The school also has a baseball team, which was the 1991 state champions with a 29-1 record. The school softball team made its first state appearance at Murfreesboro in 2011 and has made back to back appearances since. The girls return in 2012 resulted in their first win at this level. In 2013, the school's advanced placement choir performed in Carnegie Hall with Z. Randall Stroope and with Foreigner as part of the band's 2013 tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5942315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942315" title="Shock stop">
Shock stop

Shock Stop is a system developed by sports equipment manufacturer Head to damp (reduce) vibration in its range of titanium tennis rackets. It works by drawing the vibration down the frame of the racket into the handle, where a ball-bearing balanced mechanism absorbs the shock.
Technology.
Head's latest vibration dampening system is EDS (Electronic Dampening System) which is being implemented into the newer rackets, such as the HEAD Protector. It works by using piezoelectric fibers, which convert mechanical into electronic energy, controlled by a microchip. EDS recognizes the damping mode and electronically creates a cancelling counter vibration. This reduces shock impact by more than 50% and residual vibrations twice as fast as in a conventional racquet period. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942323" title="Harold James (archer)">
Harold James (archer)

Harold Vaughan James (1868 – 19 October 1948) was a British archer. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. James entered the men's double York round event in 1908, taking 6th place with 652 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942331" title="Theodore Robinson (archer)">
Theodore Robinson (archer)

Theodore Robinson (1866 – 4 October 1959) was a British archer. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Robinson entered the men's double York round event in 1908, taking 7th place with 647 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942332" title="Inne pieśni">
Inne pieśni

Inne pieśni ("Other Songs") is a novel written in 2003 by Jacek Dukaj, Polish science fiction writer and published in Poland by Wydawnictwo Literackie. The novel is a mixture of fantasy, alternate history and science fiction. The novel received the prime Polish award for sci-fi literature, Janusz A. Zajdel Award, in 2003.
Universe.
The universe of the book is similar to ours with one major exception: instead of laws of physics as known to us, the universe is ruled by Aristotle's metaphysics, and to a lesser extent by Hegelian philosophy. There are no atoms or other particles, just five elements. All Matter is composed of those five elements, mixed in proportions determined by the Form. Every Substance is fulfilling its ideal Form, "morphe", which "exists" separately from the Matter, "hile", but appears only in Substance. There's no evolution in nature. Nature is teleological and has a purpose. The Sun and all the planets are circling Earth, and they move not in vacuum but in aether. Diseases are the signs of mind's insanity, the weakness of Form.
Forms determine Matters, and human will can change Forms. Thus, the human mind is able to shape reality in indirect way, to some degree, and most powerful minds have large area effect — their "anthos" (auras, fields of influence) can affect entire lands. The Earth is divided into dozens of dominions, each under the pressure of Form of "kratistos" (man) or "kratista" (woman): individuals having the most powerful Forms; their "anthos" influences culture, language, law of whole nations, even biology of animals and plants there. Having entered the domain of "kratistos", one gradually finds it more and more natural to behave like him, to look like
him, to think like him — to be him. People with a weaker form can be easily dominated by those with a more powerful Form. In the aura of a despot everyone is a little more egoistic and harsh; in the aura of a hedonist everyone is a little prettier and sensual. Travelers will be affected by the "anthos", acquiring attributes of the land they enter, up to and including its language. People can try to train their "anthos", and there are specializations of personal auras — for example in the presence of "ares" — a natural born warrior — everything is a deadly weapon and an accidental punch can be a devastating blow.
Plot introduction.
Twelve centuries have passed since the fall of Rome; fewer since the death of Kristos (Christ). Hieronim Berbelek was once a powerful "strategos" (a natural born leader whose form makes other people listen to him or her), but when he was defeated by one of the "kratistoses", known as the Warlock, his Form and spirit were broken, reduced to those of a lowly merchant, a sad, small man, easily molded by others with stronger Forms. However, a chain of events sets him off on a journey — first to Africa, and later into many new lands, from the depths of Warlock's domain, through the fabled Library of Alexandria and mysterious flying city, to the Moon colony, and on this journey he may have a chance of regaining his Form…
Influence and interpretation.
Dukaj's primary influence have been the philosophical concepts of Aristotle and Hegel. Coupled with his experiences in science fiction, the resulting book is hard to put into any normal genre, leading many to describe it as a kind of 'philosophical fiction' or 'sophia fiction'. Philosophical, because Dukaj introduces an overwhelming array of philosophical concepts, but also fiction: the book has no essays or lengthy monologues, it is full of action and colorful characters. 
The entire concept of Form is heavily influenced by the work of Witold Gombrowicz. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942342" title="White woman of Gippsland">
White woman of Gippsland

The white woman of Gippsland, or the captive woman of Gippsland, was supposedly a European woman rumoured to have been held against her will by Aboriginal Kurnai people in the Gippsland region of Australia in the 1840s. Her supposed plight excited searches and much speculation at the time, though nothing to put her existence beyond the level of rumour was ever found.
Accounts of the woman vary. In a popular account she was one of two women traveling on the ship "Britannia", which wrecked on Ninety Mile Beach in 1841. There were two women aboard, the wife of the Captain and a woman sailing to Sydney to join her fiancé, Mr Frazer. Another account says the woman was a mother who sought protection with local Aboriginals with her baby girl after leaving her callous and brutal husband. 
One possible source of the rumour was that a group of white pioneers had come upon an Aboriginal camp near Port Albert which had been hurriedly vacated. They found some female attire and a towel (being used to block the end of a canoe) and a heart shape drawn in the ground. Another account has the heart shape near Sale and carved into both the ground and a tree (from which a farm called Heart Station was named).
In any case, representations to the government by settlers resulted in various searches by police and native police. One expedition left special handkerchiefs that she might come across, with a message in English and Gaelic (because it was thought she might be from the Scottish highlands) reading:
For some two years the Aboriginal people of the area were hunted for what they were imagined to have done. A boy called Thackewarren from the Warrigul people was captured and taught English, and used as an interpreter to tell his people that the white woman must be found. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, Tyer, was delighted when they promised to return her, and on the arranged day preparations were made to receive her. To the utter astonishment of all present, the Aboriginal people arrived with a carved wooden bust of a woman, the figurehead from the ship "Britannia".
This figurehead could even have been the source of the rumours all along, in the possession of the Aboriginal people, becoming a real woman in the retelling.

</doc>
<doc id="5942347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942347" title="Hugh Nesham">
Hugh Nesham

Hugh Percy Nesham (born 1878, Kingston upon Thames) was a British archer. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Nesham entered the men's double York round event in 1908, taking 8th place with 643 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5942351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942351" title="575 Commonwealth Avenue">
575 Commonwealth Avenue

575 Commonwealth Avenue is a dormitory at Boston University. Until 2001 the building was a Howard Johnson hotel owned by the University. It is located in Kenmore Square next to the Rafik B. Hariri Building, which houses the Boston University School of Management.
History.
The building at 575 Commonwealth Avenue opened in November 1963 as the Fenway Commonwealth Motor Hotel. It contained 150 rooms and a 135-car garage. It was the third hotel in the Commonwealth Motor Hotel chain. In 1975 the hotel became a Howard Johnson's.
The seventh floor was home to a cocktail lounge. Originally known as the Cartoon Room, it later became a Top 40 club called the Up and Up Lounge. In 1983 it became a jazz club known as the Starlight Roof. Among the artists to perform at the Starlight were Ruby Braff, Tanya Hart, Tal Farlow, Phil Wilson, Scott Hamilton, Guy Van Duser, and Chris Connor. The lounge's final incarnation was as a nightclub known as the Lava Bar.
On March 6, 1981, a four alarm fire broke out in the hotel. Twenty guests had to be rescued from balconies and window ledges. Six guests and two firefighters were treated for smoke inhalation.
In 1987, the hotel's swimming pool was closed from August 19 to September 23 for sanitary violations.
In 1992, Boston University purchased the hotel for $7.5 Million. At the time of the purchase, the University stated that the building would most likely be renovated to serve as a conference center, possibly in conjunction with the Boston University School of Management that was going to be built next door. After the purchase, BU leased the building to Howard Johnson Co. BU rented out for its students at the hotel when there was a shortage of student housing.
On February 5, 1994, about 200 people were evacuated from the hotel after a fire broke out on the top floor of the building. Five people were treated for smoke inhalation.
In August 2001, the Boston Redevelopment Authority approved the University's plan to convert the hotel into a dormitory.
Layout.
The dorm is coeducational, and houses 456 residents on six residential floors. It lacks a dining facility; residents must eat at one of the three on-campus dining locations (the nearest being 100 Bay State Road). However, residents do enjoy a number of amenities that are unusual for dormitory style housing, owing to the building’s previous life as a hotel. These include air conditioning and private bathrooms for each room.
Most rooms are triple occupancy, with very few double and single occupancy rooms also found throughout.
Nicknames.
While the University officially refers to the facility as "575 Commonwealth Avenue," students sometimes shorten this to simply "575," but almost exclusively call it "the HoJo," in reference to its previous use.
Parking.
The building is constructed over a dual-tiered parking garage. Under normal circumstances these parking areas are reserved for staff members with the proper permit. The University also sells spaces during Red Sox games at nearby Fenway Park.
Hostel Use.
During the summer months 575 is leased by Hostelling International as a destination for tourism. It is known as the Fenway Summer Hostel.

</doc>
<doc id="5942352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942352" title="John Keyworth">
John Keyworth

John Bunyan Keyworth (May 9, 1859 – April 24, 1954) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire.
Keyworth entered the double York round event in 1908, taking ninth place with 622 points. He also competed in the Continental style event, placing twelfth at 190 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5942353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942353" title="Type 91 Air-to-Ship Missile">
Type 91 Air-to-Ship Missile

The Type 91 Air-to-Ship Missile (91式空対艦誘導弾, ASM-1C) is an Air-to-ship missile developed in Japan. 
An air-launched variant of the SSM-1, the ASM-1C is carried by Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force P-3C Orions and their successor, the Kawasaki P-1.

</doc>
<doc id="5942361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942361" title="Charles Keene (archer)">
Charles Keene (archer)

Charles John Perry Keene (1846 – 29 November 1926) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Keene entered the double York round event in 1908, taking tenth place with 543 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942363" title="E-3 process">
E-3 process

The E-3 process is a now outdated process for developing color reversal (transparency) photographic film, which was invented in the early 1950s.
The E-3 process was run at near room temperature (24°C/75°F) and requires a manual reexposure of the film in order to affect color development. Often, still photographers would accomplish this by use of a strobe unit in the darkroom. The process took approximately one hour.
Films designed for E-3 are prone to fading because of inferior color dyes. The process was phased out in 1974 in favor of E-4, and two years later E-6 was introduced which remains in use to this day.
External links.
Processing of older Ektachrome films including Process E-3 :

</doc>
<doc id="5942364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942364" title="Jeanette Wohl">
Jeanette Wohl

Jeanette Wohl (October 16, 1783, Frankfurt am Main – November 27, 1861, Paris) was a longtime friend and correspondent of Ludwig Börne. She inherited the rights to his literary works after his death and edited his works. She is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5942371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942371" title="Capel Pownall">
Capel Pownall

Capel George Pett Pownall (1869 – February 8, 1933) was a British archer. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Pownall entered the men's double York round event in 1908, taking 11th place with 532 points. 
He was born in Pimlico.

</doc>
<doc id="5942374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942374" title="Bronco Mendenhall">
Bronco Mendenhall

Marc Bronco Clay Mendenhall (born February 21, 1966) is the head coach for BYU Cougars football at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. Since becoming head coach in 2005, Mendenhall has guided the Cougars to seven straight bowl invitations, two outright conference championships and regular national top-25 rankings. The Cougars finished their first season as a football independent in 2011 with a 10-3 record and No. 25 final ranking to finish nationally ranked for the fifth time in the last six seasons. 
Early coaching career.
Bronco Mendenhall graduated from American Fork High School in 1984. In 1990, Bronco Mendenhall served as a graduate assistant coach at Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon. From 1991 to 1993, he served as the defensive coordinator for Snow College, a junior college in Ephraim, Utah. From 1993 to 1994, he served as the defensive coordinator for Northern Arizona University. From 1995 to 1996, he served as the defensive coordinator for Oregon State. After the 1996 season he was fired from Oregon State. In 1997, he served as the Secondary Coach at Louisiana Tech. From 1998 to 2002, he served as the defensive coordinator for the University of New Mexico, where he and head coach Rocky Long developed a blitz-happy 3-3-5 defensive scheme that produced NFL first round draft pick Brian Urlacher, who played in New Mexico's "Loboback" position, a cross between a linebacker and safety. 
Move to BYU.
In 2003 Bronco Mendenhall accepted the defensive coordinator position at BYU under then head coach Gary Crowton. Crowton resigned at the end of the 2004 season which was his 3rd consecutive losing season. The BYU head coach position was first offered to former Cougar linebacker and present Utah head coach Kyle Whittingham which resulted in Mendenhall calling UNLV head coach Mike Sanford about the defensive coordinator opening at UNLV. Mendenhall and his wife, Holly, were prepared to tell their sons about the move to UNLV when Whittingham rejected the offer from BYU and accepted the head coaching job at Utah as Urban Meyer's replacement. BYU players had been upset that Mendenhall had not been offered the job. In response, BYU athletic director Tom Holmoe interviewed Mendenhall first in the re-opened search. Two weeks later, Mendenhall was named BYU's head coach.
BYU Coaching Career.
In 2005, his first year at the helm, the Cougars finished the regular season with a 6-6 record. Mendenhall switched back to the traditional uniforms with the Y logo on the helmets, which were worn by the most successful BYU teams but keeping the current navy blue color. Quarterback John Beck, tight end Jonny Harline and running back Curtis Brown led an offensive attack that was BYU’s most potent since 2001, averaging 33.0 points per game (second in the MWC and 24th in the nation) and 462.4 yards of total offense per game. BYU tied for second in the MWC and appeared in the Las Vegas Bowl, their first bowl game since 2001, falling to California, 35-28.
In 2006, BYU posted its best record in five seasons. It knocked off 10 straight opponents over the final three months, registered a perfect 6-0 home record, and finished 11-2. The Cougars tallied a perfect clip against league opponents to win the Mountain West Conference championship, winning on the final play of the game at Utah. They decisively defeated Oregon, 38-8, in the Pioneer PureVision Las Vegas Bowl. BYU was ranked in the to top-20 in the final Associated Press, the USA Today, and Harris Interactive polls, and finished 15th in the final BCS rankings. Mendenhall was named Mountain West Conference and AFCA Region 5 Coach of the Year. 
Mendenhall and the Cougars repeated as MWC champions in 2007 behind another perfect 8-0 MWC season and 11-2 final record. They finished the season ranked No. 14 in both the Associated Press and USA Today polls, BYU's highest finish in the national polls since 1996. To complement their 16-game conference win streak, the Cougars boasted the nation’s longest overall winning streak at 10 games. BYU reached its third consecutive Las Vegas Bowl, again winning in dramatic fashion after blocking UCLA's last second field goal to preserve a 17-16 victory. En route, Mendenhall became the first coach in school history to lead the Cougars to three consecutive bowl games in his first three years as head coach. A defensive specialist, Mendenhall helped BYU finish as the nation’s 10th-ranked defense.
In 2008, BYU finished 10-3 overall and 6-2 in the MWC to achieve three straight 10-win seasons and become the first teams in Cougar history to go unbeaten at home over three consecutive seasons. BYU earned a spot in the national polls each week during the season, including a ranking as high as No. 7. Mendenhall led BYU to a third-place finish in the MWC at 6-2 and yet another bowl berth in Las Vegas where the team defeated Arizona. BYU became one of only nine schools nationally to be ranked in the top 25 of the final BCS standings each of the past three seasons, with only five teams winning more games than the Cougars over that same time span. While stressing the need for balance in life, Mendenhall began a string of Academic All-Americans at BYU in 2008 as three Cougars - Matt Bauman, Kellen Fowler and David Oswald - were named ESPN the Magazine Academic All-Americans, a program record. 
Junior wide receiver Austin Collie was named to six different All-America teams, including first-team All-America from CBSSports.com and second-team from The Associated Press. Collie led the nation in total receiving yards and receiving yards per game. He set the BYU single-season record of 1,538 receiving yards. Future NFL players Max Hall and Dennis Pitta were also among the top players in the nation at their respective positions.
BYU recorded an 11-2 record and 7-1 league mark in 2009. Mendenhall's team went 3-1 against ranked opponents, including a 14-13 season-opening win over No. 3 Oklahoma, a dramatic overtime win over No. 19 Utah and a 44-20 season-finale Maaco Bowl Las Vegas victory over No. 16 Oregon State. BYU finished No. 12 in the final 2009 polls earning the distinction of being one of only six programs nationally to be ranked in both final polls for four straight seasons. Individually, senior tight end Dennis Pitta earned Consensus All-America honors while setting the NCAA record for most career receiving yards by a tight end (2,901) and breaking Austin Collie's school record for career receptions (221). Scott Johnson and Matt Bauman gave BYU multiple Academic All-Americans again while future NFL running back Harvey Unga became the school's all-time leading rusher with his third-straight 1,000-yard season.
After losing BYU's winningest quarterback (Max Hall), all-time leading rusher (Harvey Unga) and consensus All-American tight end (Dennis Pitta), Mendenhall started the 2010 season 2-5 after playing six games against eventual bowl-bound teams. Mendenhall fired defensive coordinator Jaime Hill and took over defensive duties as the coordinator, resuming the position he held after originally joining BYU as an assistant coach. The change ignited the Cougar defense and the rest of the squad as BYU bounced back to finish the year winning 5 of its last 6 to place third in the MWC and earn the program's sixth-straight bowl invitation. BYU earned a 52-24 win over UTEP in the New Mexico Bowl. Junior Bryan Kariya was named an Academic All-American, the only FBS running back to earn the honor. 
On Sept. 1, 2010, BYU also announced that the university's football program would become independent beginning with the 2011 season. Concurrently, BYU signed an 8-year contract with ESPN. Before the 2011 season, Mendenhall filled the departure of offensive coordinator Robert Anae by promoting quarterbacks coach Brandon Doman to offensive coordinator. He also named former Cougar and NFL player Kelly Poppinga to a permanent position on the defensive staff as outside linebackers coach. A few days later, Mendenhall hired Joe DuPaix as BYU's running backs coach and recruiting coordinator. Finally, he added former BYU and Canadian Football League wide receiver Ben Cahoon as the wide receivers coach. 
At BYU's first-ever Media Day, Mendenhall announced that he had signed a three-year contract extension that would take him through the 2013 season. According to Mendenhall, "BYU wanted to make it longer term than that. I want to be worthy of the position I have and I'm going to give it everything I have for those three (years). I'm not saying I won't go farther than that. I hope that's reported. It's not three and done. But I'm willing to lead the charge through independence, then re-evaluate."
Embarking on its first season playing as an independent, BYU finished the 2011 season, Mendenhall's seventh as head coach, with its fifth 10-win season (10-3) in the last six years, seventh-straight bowl invitation and third-straight bowl win. The Cougars defeated Tulsa in a 24-21 come-from-behind victory in the Armed Forces Bowl and earned a No. 25 final ranking in USA Today Coaches Poll. After another slow start to the season, Riley Nelson was named the starting quarterback after leading Cougars to a 27-24 victory vs. Utah State in the fifth game of the year, helping BYU win nine of its last 10 games.
On June 26, 2013, on the heels of an 8-5 season -- including a Poinsettia Bowl victory over former Mountain West Conference rival San Diego State -- Holmoe announced Mendenhall had extended his contract through the 2016 season. Said Mendenhall: "BYU is a special place and this is a special time. I'm excited to build on the success of our program over past eight years, and I think there's much more that we can accomplish at BYU." 
Personal life.
Mendenhall is married to Holly Johnston. They have three sons: Raeder, Breaker, and Cutter. Mendenhall is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He is also the younger brother of former BYU and Washington Redskins player, Mat Mendenhall. Another brother, Marty, was a former Mr. Utah bodybuilder. Mendenhall's father, Paul, was a defensive end at BYU from 1953-54.

</doc>
<doc id="5942385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942385" title="Joseph Stopford">
Joseph Stopford

Joseph Thomas Sarsfield Stopford (1867 – 25 November 1951) was a British archer. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
Stopford entered the men's double York round event in 1908, taking 12th place with 530 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="5942393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942393" title="Kitanofuji Katsuaki">
Kitanofuji Katsuaki

Kitanofuji Katsuaki 北の富士勝昭 (born March 28, 1942 as Takezawa Katsuaki) is a former sumo wrestler, born in Asahikawa, Hokkaidō, Japan. He was the sport's 52nd yokozuna. He was also the head coach of Kokonoe stable.
Career.
Kitanofuji began his professional career in January 1957 at the age of just 14, joining Dewanoumi stable. In November 1963 he achieved a perfect 15-0 score in the second highest "jūryō" division (a feat not equalled until 43 years later by Baruto) and was promoted to the top "makuuchi" division. In his debut top division tournament he scored 13 wins, although he faced only his fellow "maegashira." He won the Fighting Spirit award and was promoted straight to "komusubi." By 1966 he was firmly established in the "san'yaku" ranks at "sekiwake." He reached "ōzeki" rank in July 1966. Although he had won only 28 bouts in the previous three tournaments (at least 33 are normally needed), Yutakayama was the only "ōzeki" at the time, and he was promoted largely because of his potential. 
In January 1967 he followed the coach who had scouted him, former "yokozuna" Chiyonoyama, to a new stable, Kokonoe. His first tournament championship came in March of that year. Kitanofuji was competing in an era dominated by Taihō, but he emerged from the great "yokozuna's" shadow by winning consecutive championships in November 1969 and January 1970 to secure his own promotion to "yokozuna". Promoted alongside him was his friend and rival Tamanoumi. His first title as a "yokozuna" came in May 1970. After a run of relatively mediocre 11-4 marks he won in May 1971 with a perfect record and he took two other championships that year.
However, Tamanoumi's sudden death in October 1971 shook Kitanofuji badly and affected his performance in the ring. Now the sole "yokozuna" in sumo, he went into a slump. After poor performances in the first two tournaments of 1972, he pulled out of the May 1972 tourney because of insomnia. He took a leave of absence from the next tournament in July, but went on a trip to Hawaii and was caught surfboarding. He was cautioned by the Japan Sumo Association and immediately apologised. He returned to win the next championship with a perfect record in September 1972. His final title came in March 1973, and his last challenge for a championship was in July of that year when he lost a playoff to veteran Kotozakura. 
After several more absences Kitanofuji announced his retirement at the age of 32 three days into the July 1974 tournament, acknowledging that there was now a new era being led by Wajima and Kitanoumi, both several years younger than himself. Kotozakura retired in the same week, and Kitanoumi was promoted to "yokozuna" after the tournament ended. Kitanofuji's total of ten tournament championships was, at the time, behind only Futabayama's 12 and Taiho's 32.
Retirement from sumo.
Kitanofuji remained in the Japan Sumo Association after his retirement, initially under the name of Izutsu. In 1977 he became head of the Kokonoe stable of wrestlers following Chiyonoyama's death. He gave the Izutsu name to former "sekiwake" Tsurugamine and adopted the Kokonoe name. During his tenure as head of Kokonoe stable both Chiyonofuji and Hokutoumi reached the rank of "yokozuna", and he produced a number of other top division wrestlers such as Takanofuji and Tomoefuji. He handed over control of the stable to Chiyonofuji in April 1992, but he remained an "oyakata" under the name Jinmaku. In February 1998 he failed to be re-elected to the Sumo Association's Board of Directors, and citing the lack of support from his fellow "oyakata" in the Takasago "ichimon" or group of stables, he decided to leave the organisation several years before the mandatory retirement age. However, he still often appears on television as a sumo analyst. In 2002, he performed his "kanreki dohyō-iri" or '60th year ring entrance ceremony' to commemorate his years as "yokozuna".
Fighting style.
Kitanofuji's favoured "kimarite" or techniques were "hidari-yotsu" (a right hand outside, left hand inside grip on his opponent's "mawashi"), "sotogake" (outer leg trip), "uwatenage" (overarm throw), and "tsuppari" (thrusting attack).
Career record.
　　

</doc>
<doc id="5942397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942397" title="KLCW-TV">
KLCW-TV

KLCW-TV is a full power television station in Lubbock, Texas, licensed in Wolfforth and broadcasting locally on digital channel 43. The station is an affiliate of The CW and is operated from the same facilities as Fox affiliate KJTV-TV.
Prior to 2006, what was then called KWBZ operated solely as a local cable TV station and was owned and operated by KCBD-TV, the local NBC affiliate. At that time, channel 22 was occupied by KUPT, an affiliate of UPN. On January 1, 2006, after the station was acquired by Ramar Communications, KUPT moved to channel 14 in Lubbock (now MyNetworkTV affiliate KMYL-LD), and the WB affiliation moved to channel 22.
KWBZ became a full power broadcast affiliate of The WB (via the WB 100+ Station Group as on cable) on 1 January 2006. Twenty-four days later, the WB and UPN, channel 22's former network as KUPT, announced a merger to take effect on 18 September 2006, the new network operating under the name of "The CW". KWBZ signed on to become a CW affiliate, resulting in new call letters (KLCW was adopted on 30 June 2006) and a rebranding (Lubbock CW). The station's feed still operates from the generic service for lower-market stations (The CW Plus) with local inserts and advertising placed by KJTV-TV and Ramar.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997 [http://www.transmitter.com/FCC97115/chanplan.html], the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, on or before February 17, 2009, which was supposed to be the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations, KLCW-TV would be required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut"). As of September 2008, the station began broadcasting its digital signal on UHF channel 43. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 22.

</doc>
<doc id="5942399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942399" title="Business Up Front/Party in the Back">
Business Up Front/Party in the Back

Business Up Front/Party in the Back is the debut album by Christian alternative group, Family Force 5, released on March 21, 2006. It has been notable for putting Family Force 5 into the mainstream. "Love Addict" was a Christian radio hit. A "diamond edition" was released on March 20, 2007 with three additional tracks.
Awards.
In 2007, the album was nominated for a Dove Award for Rock Album of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5942408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5942408" title="Shelton Hall (Norfolk)">
Shelton Hall (Norfolk)

Shelton Hall is a large estate in the village of Shelton and Hardwick, Norfolk, England. The estate has around of surrounding fields, the names of the fields include "Magic field" and "Echo field" and has a moat around the house and another smaller one in one of the fields. There are also lots of trees, shrubs and a bridge.
The house belonged to the Shelton family, who reached their zenith during the reign of Henry VIII. John De Shelton, the first Lord of the Manor, was born c.1140. It is said that Nicholas De Shelton was among those barons presenting the Magna Carta to King John, while Sir Ralph Shelton was knighted for his services to Edward III at the Battle of Crecy (1346). In the Tudor period Sir John Shelton, the twenty-first Lord of the Manor, and his wife Anne Boleyn were entrusted with the custody of Princess Mary and Princess Elizabeth as children, partly because Anne was the aunt of Queen Anne Boleyn and the mother of Mary Shelton, the mistress of Henry VIII during his marriage to Anne. A portrait of Mary Shelton by Hans Holbein remains in the Royal Collection at Windsor Castle.
Elizabeth visited her relatives at Shelton and had her own pew in the church of St Mary. After her coronation she summoned her great aunt's family to London, and their descendants would live at court during her reign.
There is a glazed effigy of Sir John Shelton and his wife in the church. A descendant, Sir Ralph Shelton the twenty-sixth Lord of the Manor, is believed to have sailed to America with Lord De La Warr in 1610, establishing the Sheltons in Jamestown, Virginia.
The current house, dating from the 17th century, with 18th and 19th century additions, stands within the original moat on the site of the Tudor mansion of the Sheltons, which was destroyed by fire. Evidence of the moat of a former settlement remains in the "Dark Park" to the south-east of the current hall.

</doc>
