<doc id="6006434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006434" title="VS. (game show)">
VS. (game show)

VS. is a game show that ran in 1999 on Comedy Central. It was hosted by Greg Proops, with Joe Liss as announcer.
The game featured two three-member teams that were complete opposites (firemen/pyromaniacs). Proops would ask both teams questions about general topics as well as topics relating to the subject that divided the teams.
Sample Matchups.
Nudists vs. Porn Stars
Vegans vs. Deli Workers
College Professors vs. Middle School Students
Astronomers vs. Astrologers
Notre Dame vs. USC
Mall Santas vs. Elvis Impersonators
Bowlers vs. Marathon Runners
Morticians vs. Clowns
Beauty Queens vs. Goth Queens
Soccer Moms vs. "Dykes on Bikes" (members of a lesbian motorcycle club)
Round 1.
Four general-knowledge categories were played in this round, with two topics in each. After one team chose a topic, Greg read a toss-up question that was open to all six players. Any member from either team can buzz-in and answer the question. A correct answer awarded $100; a wrong answer carried no penalty but gave the opposing team a chance to steal. The second topic in the category was then played, after which a new category and pair of topics was shown.
Round 2.
Now the board showed two categories at a time, one written specifically for each team. The team in control could choose from either side, and anyone could buzz in on every question. Correct answers in a team's own categories were worth $200 each, while answers for the opponents' categories scored $400. Wrong answers deducted $200 and gave the opponents a chance to guess. After each toss-up, the chosen category was switched out for a new one, up to a maximum of five on a side; beyond this point, that side would be left blank and the other side would be played. This round ended when time ran out or after all ten categories had been played.
Round 3.
For this round, the six players were split into pairs containing one person from each team. Every pair received three toss-up questions, with all answers being one of three related choices (i.e. "SUV", "S&M", or "STD"). Correct answers scored $250, while wrong answers deducted this value and gave the opponent a chance to answer. After all three pairs of players had had their turns, the team in the lead won the game and got to keep their money; the other team received a worthless consolation prize.
"Grand Finale" bonus round.
The winning team had a choice of two categories, one difficult and one in the team's area of expertise. For example, a team of hippies could pick either "International Grandmasters of Chess" or "Hippie Poems." Once they made their choice and heard the question, they had ten seconds to confer. A correct answer awarded the team another $1,000. Missing it gave the opponents five seconds to confer and win the money with the right answer.

</doc>
<doc id="6006467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006467" title="Loutro">
Loutro

Loutro (Greek: Λουτρό) may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6006472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006472" title="College of Saint Mary-of-the-Wasatch">
College of Saint Mary-of-the-Wasatch

The College of Saint Mary-of-the-Wasatch was a private, Catholic women's college, later St. Mary of the Wasatch High School, located in Salt Lake City, Utah from 1875 to 1969. It was operated by the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
The school was located in the eastern reaches of Salt Lake City, in the foothills of the Wasatch Range. In addition to being home to the college and high school, and later a high school only, it also housed a convent Starting in 1931, it was affiliated with the Sisters-run Holy Cross Hospital nursing college, which itself closed in 1973.[http://history.utah.gov/FindAids/B01352/b1352.html
Its records are held in the Sisters of the Holy Cross Archives at Saint Mary's College in Notre Dame, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="6006507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006507" title="Son of Altered Beast">
Son of Altered Beast

Son of Altered Beast is an EP by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. Released following "Altered Beast" in 1994 by Zoo Entertainment, it contains live & alternate versions of various Sweet songs.
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="6006513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006513" title="Scotch &amp; Chocolate">
Scotch &amp; Chocolate

"Scotch & Chocolate" is an instrumental song played by the modern bluegrass band Nickel Creek. It was the fourth song on Nickel Creek's album, "Why Should the Fire Die?." In 2006, Scotch & Chocolate was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="6006516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006516" title="Kerio Control">
Kerio Control

Kerio Control (previously called Kerio WinRoute Firewall and before that WinRoute Pro) is a software gateway firewall developed by Kerio Technologies (earlier known as Tiny Software). Equipped with a VPN server, integrated Sophos anti-virus (optional), web filtering, bandwidth limiter, Internet monitor and user-specific Internet access management, the Kerio Control installs on Windows and Linux, providing network perimeter defense for small to medium organizations.
Kerio has recently announced that the Windows version will be discontinued as of the 8.0 version release. See http://www.kerio.com/blog/metamorphosis-kerio-control-74-will-be-last-version-windows

</doc>
<doc id="6006525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006525" title="Niobium nitride">
Niobium nitride

Niobium nitride is a compound of niobium and nitrogen with the chemical formula NbN. At low temperatures (about 16 K), niobium nitride becomes a superconductor, and is used in detectors for infrared light. 
Safety.
Niobium nitride reacts with water to produce ammonia gas, a hazardous by-product.

</doc>
<doc id="6006532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006532" title="Iowa Highway 64">
Iowa Highway 64

Iowa Highway 64 (Iowa 64) is a state highway that runs across two counties in east central Iowa. It begins at an interchange with U.S. Route 151 (US 151) in Anamosa and ends at the Savanna-Sabula Bridge over the Mississippi River near Sabula. It continues through Illinois as Illinois Route 64. The western half of the highway makes up the Grant Wood Scenic Byway.
At one time, Iowa 64 spanned the length of the state. It began at the Missouri River in Council Bluffs where it connected to N-64 in Omaha. It headed northeast and east on highways that today are roughly parallel to Interstate 80 (I-80) and US 30. In 1969, however, Iowa 64 was shortened to its current extent.
Route description.
Iowa 64 begins at an interchange with US 151 in Anamosa. West of US 151, the road is County Road E28 (CR E28) or Anamosa's Third Street, while east of US 151, Iowa 64 begins its eastward trek. It leaves Anamosa heading to the south-southeast. After an S curve that takes the road to the south and then back east, the highway passes Antioch School, which Iowa painter Grant Wood attended for four years.
Iowa 38 overlaps Iowa 64 for the next before splitting off to the north. Iowa 64 continues east for another and arrives in the town of Wyoming. Upon arriving in Wyoming, Iowa 64 meets with another north–south state highway, this time Iowa Highway 136. At the eastern end of Wyoming, Iowa 64/Iowa 136 come to a T intersection where the original stretch of Iowa 64 comes to an end. Iowa 136 splits off to the south, while Iowa 64 splits off to the north very briefly before curving eastbound once again. Five miles (8.04 km) after leaving Wyoming, Iowa 64 enters Jackson County. Iowa 64 passes through the small towns of Monmouth and Baldwin and bypasses the village of Nashville before arriving in Maquoketa, the seat of Jackson County.
Iowa Highway 64 intersects U.S. Route 61 in western Maquoketa. The stretch of Iowa 64 between US 61 and Main Street in Maquoketa is a part of U.S. Route 61 Business. At the eastern city limits of Maquoketa, Iowa 64 intersects with Iowa Highway 62 which heads north-northeast from Maquoketa towards Bellevue. After Maquoketa, Iowa 64 continues east through rolling farmland before descending into the Goose Lake Channel and intersects Jackson County Route Z20, formerly Iowa Highway 113, near Spragueville. Iowa 64 leaves the Goose Lake Channel east of Preston.
About east of Miles, Iowa Highway 64 meets U.S. Route 67, which joins Iowa 64 from the south for its last half-mile (0.80 km). US 67 ends at the intersection with U.S. Route 52 west of Sabula. Iowa 64 and US 52 overlap each other for their last in Iowa. Before entering Sabula, US 52/IA 64 cross the Mississippi River backwater Sabula Lakes causeway. North of Sabula, the US 52/IA 64 causeway divides the Mississippi River from Sheepshead Bay, another backwater area. At this point, US 52/IA 64, directionally signed south and east, respectively, are heading north. US 52/IA 64 turn east and cross the main channel of the Mississippi River on the Savanna-Sabula Bridge, becoming U.S. Route 52/Illinois Route 64. Immediately after entering Illinois at Savanna, US 52/IL 64 intersect Illinois Route 84. Illinois Route 64 provides a direct link to Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="6006557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006557" title="Kingdom of Italy (Holy Roman Empire)">
Kingdom of Italy (Holy Roman Empire)

The Kingdom of Italy ( or "Regnum Italicum") was one of the constituent kingdoms of the Holy Roman Empire (800–1806), along with the kingdoms of Germany and Burgundy. It comprised most of northern and central Italy, but excluded the Republic of Venice. Its original capital was Pavia until the 11th century.
In 773, Charlemagne (died 814), the King of the Franks, crossed the Alps to invade the Kingdom of the Lombards, which encompassed all of Italy except the Duchy of Rome and some Byzantine possessions in the south. In June 774, the kingdom collapsed and the Franks became masters of northern Italy. The southern regions remained under Lombard control. Charlemagne adopted the title "King of the Lombards" and in 800 had himself crowned "Emperor of the Romans" in Rome. In 781, he gave Italy to his son, Pepin (died 810). In 818 Pepin's line died out and the kingdom passed to his cousin, Lothair I. Members of the Carolingian dynasty continued to rule Italy until the deposition of Charles the Fat in 887, after which they once briefly regained the throne in 894–96. Until 961, the rule of Italy was continually contested by several aristocratic families from both within and without the kingdom.
In 961, King Otto I of Germany, already married to Adelaide, widow of a previous king of Italy, invaded the kingdom and had himself crowned in Pavia on 25 December. He continued on to Rome, where he had himself crowned emperor on 7 February 962. The union of the crowns of Italy and Germany with that of the so-called "Empire of the Romans" created the Holy Roman Empire, to which Burgundy was added in 1032. From this point on the Holy Roman Emperor was usually also King of Italy and Germany, although emperors sometimes appointed their heirs to rule in Italy and occasionally the Italian bishops and noblemen elected a king of their own in opposition to that of Germany. The absenteeism of the Italian monarch led to the rapid disappearance of central government in the High Middle Ages, but the idea that Italy was a kingdom within the Empire remained and emperors frequently sought to impose their will on the evolving Italian city-states. The resulting wars between Guelphs and Ghibellines, the anti-imperialist and imperialist factions, respectively, were characteristic of Italian politics in the 12th–14th centuries. The Lombard League was the most famous example of this situation; though not a declared separatist movement, it openly challenged the emperor's claim to power.
By the 15th century, the power of the city-states was largely broken. A series of wars in Lombardy from 1423 to 1454 further reduced the number of competing states in Italy. The next forty years were relatively peaceful in Italy, but in 1494 the peninsula was invaded by France. The resulting Great Italian Wars lasted until 1559, when control of most of the Italian states passed to King Philip II of Spain. The Spanish branch of the Habsburg dynasty—the same dynasty of which another branch provided the Emperors—continued to rule most of imperial Italy down to the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–14). After the Imperial Reform of 1495–1512, the Italian kingdom corresponded to the unencircled territories south of the Alps. Juridically the emperor maintained an interest in them as nominal king and overlord, but the "government" of the kingdom consisted in little more than the plenipotentiaries the emperor appointed to represent him and those governors he appointed to rule his own Italian states. Imperial rule in Italy came to an end with the campaigns of the French Revolutionaries in 1792–97, when a series of client republics were set up. In 1806, the Holy Roman Empire was dissolved by the last emperor, Francis II, after its defeat by Napoleon at the Battle of Austerlitz.
Prehistory: Lombard kingdom.
After the Battle of Taginae, in which the Ostrogoth king Totila was killed, the Byzantine general Narses captured Rome and besieged Cumae. Teia, the new Ostrogothic king, gathered the remnants of the Ostrogothic army and marched to relieve the siege, but in October 552 Narses ambushed him at "Mons Lactarius" (modern Monti Lattari) in Campania, near Mount Vesuvius and Nuceria Alfaterna. The battle lasted two days and Teia was killed in the fighting. Ostrogothic power in Italy was eliminated, but Narses allowed the few survivors to return to their homes, as subjects of the empire. The absence of any real authority in Italy immediately after the battle led to an invasion by the Franks, but they too were defeated and the peninsula was, for a short time, reintegrated into the empire.
The Kings of the Lombards (, singular "") ruled that Germanic people from their invasion of Italy in 567–68 until the Lombardic identity became lost in the ninth and tenth centuries. After 568, the Lombard kings sometimes styled themselves Kings of Italy (). Upon the Lombard defeat at the 774 Siege of Pavia, the kingdom came under the Frankish domination of Charlemagne. The Iron Crown of Lombardy ("Corona Ferrea") was used for the coronation of the Lombard kings, and the kings of Italy thereafter, for centuries.
The primary sources for the Lombard kings before the Frankish conquest are the anonymous 7th-century "Origo Gentis Langobardorum" and the 8th-century "Historia Langobardorum" of Paul the Deacon. The earliest kings (the pre-Lethings) listed in the "Origo" are almost certainly legendary. They purportedly reigned during the Migration Period; the first ruler attested independently of Lombard tradition is Tato.
The actual control of the sovereigns of both the major areas that constitute the kingdom — "Langobardia Major" in the centre-north (in turn divided into a western, or Neustria, and one eastern, or Austria and Tuskia) and "Langobardia Minor" in the centre-south, was not constant during the two centuries of life of the kingdom. An initial phase of strong autonomy of the many constituent duchies developed over time with growing regal authority, even if the dukes' desires for autonomy were never fully achieved.
The Lombard kingdom proved to be more stable than its Ostrogothic predecessor, but in 774, on the pretext of defending the Papacy, it was conquered by the Franks under Charlemagne. They kept the Italo-Lombard realm separate from their own, but the kingdom shared in all the partitions, divisions, civil wars, and succession crises of the Carolingian Empire of which it became a part until, by the end of the ninth century, the Italian kingdom was an independent, but highly decentralised, state.
Constituent of the Carolingian Empire.
The death of the Emperor Lothair I in 855 led to his realm of Middle Francia being split among his three sons. The eldest, Louis II, inherited the Carolingian lands in Italy, which were now for the first time (save the brief rule of Charlemagne's son Pepin in the first decade of the century), ruled as a distinct unit. The kingdom included all of Italy as far south as Rome and Spoleto, but the rest of Italy to the south was under the rule of the Lombard Principality of Benevento or of the Byzantine Empire.
Following Louis II's death without heirs, there were several decades of confusion. The Imperial crown was initially disputed among the Carolingian rulers of West Francia (France) and East Francia (Germany), with first the western king (Charles the Bald) and then the eastern (Charles the Fat) attaining the prize. Following the deposition of the latter, local nobles — Guy III of Spoleto and Berengar of Friuli — disputed over the crown, and outside intervention did not cease, with Arnulf of Eastern Francia and Louis the Blind of Provence both claiming the Imperial throne for a time. The kingdom was also beset by Arab raiding parties from Sicily and North Africa, and central authority was minimal at best.
In the 10th century the situation hardly improved, as various Burgundian and local noblemen continued to dispute over the crown. Order was only imposed from outside, when the German king Otto I invaded Italy and seized both the Imperial and Italian thrones for himself in 962.
Imperial Italy.
In 951 King Otto I of Germany had married Adelaide of Burgundy, the widow of late King Lothair II of Italy. Otto assumed the Iron Crown of Lombardy at Pavia despite his rival Margrave Berengar of Ivrea. When in 960 Berengar attacked the Papal States, King Otto, summoned by Pope John XII, conquered the Italian kingdom and on 2 February 962 had himself crowned Holy Roman Emperor at Rome. From that time on, the Kings of Italy were always also Kings of Germany, and Italy thus became a constituent kingdom of the Holy Roman Empire, along with the Kingdom of Germany ("regnum Teutonicorum") and—from 1032—Burgundy. The German king ("Rex Romanorum") would be crowned by the Archbishop of Milan with the Iron Crown in Pavia as a prelude to the visit to Rome to be crowned Emperor by the Pope.
In general, the monarch was generally an absentee, spending most of his time in Germany and leaving the Kingdom of Italy with little central authority. There was also a lack of powerful landed magnates — the only notable one being the Margraviate of Tuscany, which had wide lands in Tuscany, Lombardy, and the Emilia, but which failed due to lack of heirs after the death of Matilda of Canossa in 1115. This left a power vacuum - increasingly filled by the Papacy and by the bishops, as well as by the increasingly wealthy Italian cities, which gradually came to dominate the surrounding countryside. Upon the death of Emperor Otto III in 1002, one of late Berengar's successors, Margrave Arduin of Ivrea, even succeeded in assuming the Italian crown and in defeating the Imperial forces under Duke Otto I of Carinthia. Not until 1004 could the new German King Henry II of Germany, move into Italy to have himself crowned "rex Italiae". Arduin ranks as the last domestic "King of Italy" before the accession of Victor Emmanuel II in 1861.
The cities first demonstrated their increasing power during the reign of the Hohenstaufen Emperor Frederick Barbarossa (1152–190), whose attempts to restore imperial authority in the peninsula led to a series of wars with the Lombard League, a league of northern Italian cities, and ultimately to a decisive victory for the League at the Battle of Legnano in 1176, which forced Frederick to recognize the autonomy of the Italian cities.
Frederick's son Henry VI actually managed to extend Hohenstaufen authority in Italy by his conquest of the Norman Kingdom of Sicily, which comprised Sicily and all of Southern Italy. Henry's son, Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor — the first emperor since the 10th century to actually base himself in Italy — attempted to return to his father's task of restoring imperial authority in the northern Italian Kingdom, which led to fierce opposition not only from a reformed Lombard League, but also from the Popes, who had become increasingly jealous of their temporal realm in central Italy (theoretically a part of the Empire), and concerned about the hegemonic ambitions of the Hohenstaufen emperors.
Frederick II's efforts to bring all of Italy under his control failed as signally as those of his grandfather, and his death in 1250 marked the effective end of the Kingdom of Italy as a genuine political unit. Conflict continued between Ghibellines (Imperial supporters) and Guelfs (Papal supporters) in the Italian cities, but these conflicts bore less and less relation to the origins of the parties in question.
The Kingdom did not become wholly meaningless, however. Successive emperors in the 14th and 15th centuries returned to Rome to be crowned, and none forgot their theoretical claims to dominion as Kings of Italy. Nor did the Italians themselves forget the claims of the Emperors to universal dominion: writers like Dante Alighieri (died 1321) and Marsilius of Padua (c. 1275 – c. 1342) expressed their commitment both to the principal of universal monarchy, and to the actual pretensions of Emperors Henry VII (reigned 1312-1313) and Louis IV (reigned 1328-1347), respectively.
The Imperial claims to dominion in Italy mostly manifested themselves, however, in the granting of titles to the various strong-men who had begun to establish their control over the formerly republican cities. Most notably, the Emperors gave their backing to the Visconti of Milan, and King Wenceslaus created Gian Galeazzo Visconti Duke of Milan in 1395. Other families to receive new titles from the emperors included the Gonzaga of Mantua, and the Este of Ferrara and Modena.
Aftermath: Shadow kingdom.
By the beginning of the early modern period, the Kingdom of Italy still existed, but was a mere shadow. Its territory had been significantly limited — the conquests of the Republic of Venice, which considered itself independent of the Empire, in the “domini di Terraferma” had taken most of northeastern Italy outside the jurisdiction of the Empire, while the Popes claimed full sovereignty and independence in the Papal States in Central Italy. Nevertheless, the Emperor Charles V, owing more to his inheritance of Spain and Naples than to his position as Emperor, was able to establish his dominance in Italy to a greater extent than any Emperor since Frederick II. He drove the French from Milan, prevented an attempt by the Italian princes, with French aid, to reassert their independence in the League of Cognac, sacked Rome and brought the Medici pope Clement VII to submission, conquered Florence where he reinstalled the Medici as Dukes of Florence (and later, Grand Dukes of Tuscany), and, upon the extinction of the Sforza line in Milan, claimed the territory as an imperial fief and installed his son Philip as the new Duke.
This new Imperial dominance, however, did not remain with the Empire, in which Charles was succeeded by his brother Ferdinand, but rather was transferred by Charles to his son, who became King of Spain.
Nevertheless, the Imperial claims to suzerainty remained, and were actually called forth in the early 17th century when the Duchy of Mantua fell vacant in 1627. Emperor Ferdinand II used his rights as feudal overlord to prevent the heir, the French Duke of Nevers, from taking over the Duchy, leading to the War of the Mantuan Succession, a part of the much larger Thirty Years' War. In the early 18th century, during the War of the Spanish Succession, imperial claims to suzerainty were used again to seize Mantua in 1708, which was now attached by the Austrian Habsburgs to the newly conquered Duchy of Milan.
This was the last notable usage of Imperial power, as such, in Italy. The Austrians retained control of Milan and Mantua, and intermittently, other territories (notably Tuscany after 1737), but the claims to feudal overlordship had become practically meaningless. The imperial claims to Italy remained only in the secondary title of the Archbishop-Elector of Cologne to be "Arch-Chancellor of Italy" and in the formal adherence of Emperor and Diet to various treaties resolving the succession of various northern Italian states which were still considered to be imperial fiefs. During the French Revolutionary Wars, the Austrians were driven from Italy by Napoleon, who set up republics throughout northern Italy, and by the Treaty of Campo Formio of 1797, Emperor Francis II relinquished any claims over the territories that made up the Kingdom of Italy. The imperial reorganization carried out in 1799–1803 left no room for Imperial claims to Italy — even the Archbishop of Cologne was gone, secularized along with the other ecclesiastical princes. In 1805, while the Empire was still in existence, Napoleon, by now Emperor Napoleon I, claimed the crown of Italy for himself, putting the Iron Crown on his head at Milan on 26 May 1805. The Empire itself was abolished the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="6006569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006569" title="100% Fun">
100% Fun

100% Fun is the fifth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Zoo Entertainment in 1995.
Release.
The album was met with moderate commercial success and favorable reviews. The single "Sick of Myself" reached #2 on the Billboard Modern Rock chart and appeared on the top 100 pop song charts of the day. Critic David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly", who included "100% Fun" on his year's-best list, wrote in his review that it "makes you feel as if a good pop hook can solve any crisis." The title of the album was derived from Kurt Cobain's 1994 suicide note.
Details.
The song "Sick of Myself" was covered by the band Bowling for Soup for their album "Bowling for Soup Goes to the Movies". In 2005, indie rock band Death Cab For Cutie also performed a cover of the song for NPR's "World Cafe".
The song "Everything Changes" was featured in the film "The Babysitters Club".

</doc>
<doc id="6006572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006572" title="Sivamani (Telugu film)">
Sivamani (Telugu film)

Sivamani is a 2003 Telugu romance film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film was Jagannadh's first time working with actor Akkineni Nagarjuna. Asin Thottumkal and Rakshitha play the female leads while Prakash Raj plays the villain. This film is inspired by "Message in a Bottle" - the Nicolas Sparks novel and film. It was dubbed into Hindi as "Main Balwaan".
Plot.
Sivamani (Akkineni Nagarjuna) is an honest cop in Vizag. He falls in love with Vasanta (Asin Thottumkal), who aspires to become a singer. Dattu is a mafia don (Prakash Raj), whom Sivamani troubles a lot.
Incidentally, Vasanta is distantly related to Dattu and both of them belong to Kerala. In the course of events, Sivamani's mother (Sangeeta) gets paralyzed. Sivamani and Vasanta take her to Kerala to get the state's Ayurveda treatments. Dattu is also in Kerala and his mission is to get his revenge by taking Vasanta away from Sivamani. Vasanta becomes mute after Dattu punctures her voice box. The rest of the story is about how Sivamani gets Vasanta back with the help of newspaper editor Pallavi (Rakshitha).

</doc>
<doc id="6006579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006579" title="Louisiana Highway 39">
Louisiana Highway 39

Louisiana Highway 39 (LA 39) is a state highway in Louisiana that serves Orleans, St. Bernard, and Plaquemines Parishes. In New Orleans, LA 39 is referred to as North Claiborne Avenue, while in St. Bernard Parish, it is known as Judge Perez Drive. It spans and is bannered north/south.
Route description.
From the north, LA 39 begins at an exit ramp from Interstate 10 onto North Claiborne Avenue. In New Orleans, Highway 39 is a four lane, divided road that runs through the city's 9th Ward. LA 39 crosses over the Industrial Canal via the Claiborne Avenue Bridge and enters the Lower 9th Ward, where it becomes the neighborhood's primary road. At the parish line, LA 39 becomes West Judge Perez Drive and passes through the towns of Arabi, Chalmette, Meraux and Violet. When LA 39 intersects with LA 47, it becomes East Judge Perez Drive. After exiting Meraux, LA 39 continues parallel to the Mississippi River and shortly merges with LA 46 near Poydras. At the two highways' merging, LA 39 becomes a two lane, undivided road. It runs due west and then southward along the east bank of the Mississippi River into Plaquemines Parish and passes through Pointe à la Hache before reaching a dead end at the Bohemia Spillway Levee.
History.
Early Louisiana maps show that the road continued beyond its current southern terminus to Fort St. Philip, yet it is unsure if this road were built and of what quality. Between Braithewaite and Scarsdale, LA 39 bypassed English Turn, and the original route is now LA 3137.

</doc>
<doc id="6006583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006583" title="621 (disambiguation)">
621 (disambiguation)

621 may refer to:
Events.
621 births<br>
621 deaths

</doc>
<doc id="6006584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006584" title="511 (disambiguation)">
511 (disambiguation)

511 can mean

</doc>
<doc id="6006588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006588" title="Indian Arm">
Indian Arm

Indian Arm is a steep-sided glacial fjord adjacent to the city of Vancouver in southwestern British Columbia. Formed during the last Ice Age, it extends due north from Burrard Inlet, between the communities of Belcarra (to the east) and the District of North Vancouver (to the west), then on into mountainous wilderness. Burrard Inlet and the opening of Indian Arm was mapped by Captain George Vancouver and fully explored days later by Dionisio Alcalá Galiano in June 1792.
Geography.
Indian Arm is a salt-water fjord that extends about 20 km (12 mi) north from Burrard Inlet. There are no crossings, and road access is limited to the communities on the southern portion of the arm. The steep mountain slopes are so impassable that most have seen no development, despite the proximity to a major city. Indian River, marked by a small dock at the north end of the arm, can be reached by boat from the Vancouver area or by a logging road from Squamish.
Scenery and attractions.
The slopes along Indian Arm are either heavily forested or sheer granite cliffs. The inlet is narrow and the mountains rise steeply on both sides directly from the sea. 
There are several waterfalls, with the largest being Granite Falls at the north end on the east side. Spray of Pearls Falls at Wigwam Creek is in the north west corner, and Silver Falls is on the western side at Elsay Creek. There are also numerous unnamed seasonal waterfalls running over the rocky cliff walls that can best be viewed during spring run off. In winter, frozen ice-falls can be viewed.
Wildlife viewing can include seals, bald eagles, herons, and black bears. A large pink salmon run in odd-numbered years starts in July and continues to October; salmon and bear viewing opportunities concentrate at the Indian River estuary in the northwest corner of the inlet.
Recreation and Parks.
Indian Arm Provincial Park includes large parts of both shores of the fjord, as well as Racoon and Twin Islands. This park is 6,826 hectares in total. There are wilderness campgrounds at sea level at Bishop Creek (west side), Granite Falls, and Twin Islands. The Park is popular with boaters and kayakers, and is also visited by charter boat day tours leaving from Granville Island, Port Moody, or Coal Harbour. Divers can visit the shallow water surrounding Racoon and Twin Islands.
A rough wilderness hiking trail around the perimeter of Indian Arm was completed in 2003. It was created over many years by engineer and trailbuilder Don McPherson; he also created the Grouse Grind hiking trail up the side of Grouse Mountain.
The south-eastern part of the Indian Arm park is adjacent to and partly surrounds the BC Hydro Buntzen Lake Recreation Area. Belcarra Park is managed by Metro Vancouver; this park surrounds Bedwell Bay on the mid-western side of Indian Arm, and includes the area around Sasamat Lake. The Baden-Powell Trail is challenging but well-maintained and well-marked. It originates at Panorama Park in Deep Cove, passing along the slopes of the mountains on the western side of Indian Arm to its western terminus in Horseshoe Bay, West Vancouver.
Other parks around the shores of eastern Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm include: Cates Park and Panorama Park in the District of North Vancouver, Barnet Marine Park in Burnaby, Rocky Point Park (which includes a boat launch), Inlet Park and Tidal Park in Port Moody, and Thwaytes Landing Metro Park Reserve.
First Nations Heritage.
The Say Nuth Khaw Yum Heritage Park / Indian Arm Provincial Park was created in 1995 as part of the BC Government's Lower Mainland Nature Legacy Program. The Park is located within the core of the Tsleil-Waututh Nation Traditional Territory.
A Management Agreement was signed between the Tsleil-Waututh Nation and the Government of BC in 1998. The Management Board has equal representation from the Tsleil-Waututh Nation and the BC Government to co-manage all aspects of the Park and Heritage Area.
Communities reachable by water.
Heading north from Deep Cove one hits Woodlands, which is an established beachfront community.
There are associated cabins, beaches and areas as one heads north: Thwaites, Alder Point, Bergs, Crocker Island,
Indian River, Bedwell Bay, Belcarra, Anmore, Buntzen Bay, Jug Island, and Whiskey Cove.
Buntzen Generating Station.
There are two old powerhouses along the eastern shore, dating back to 1903 and 1912 respectively. One was built by the Vancouver City Light and Power Company and was designed by Francis Rattenbury, the other was built by 
British Columbia Electric Railway.
They are fed by water from Coquitlam Lake through a tunnel to Buntzen Lake, approximately 150 metres above Indian Arm. Penstocks direct water down from the lake to the power plants, only one of which is still in operation. Buntzen No. 1, with an initial capacity of 1,500 kW, was built in 1903 to provide electricity for the Vancouver area. It was upgraded in 1951 to boost capacity to 55,000 kW. Buntzen No. 2 was built in 1914 to supply 26,700 kW of power. One of Buntzen No. 2 three pelton wheels was shut down in 1972, Buntzen No. 1 was shut down in the early 2000s. The stations are unmanned, operated by remote control from BC Hydro's System Control facility atop Burnaby Mountain.
Wigwam Inn.
The Wigwam Inn, located at the north end of Indian Arm, originally opened as a luxury German Biergarten resort and fishing lodge in 1910. A daily steamship route, using the sternwheeler "Skeena", brought customers and supplies to the Inn. The property was operated by Count Gustav Constantin Alvo Van Alvensleben during its "glory days" before World War I, and by other operators until 1963. The property was then sold several times, with a somewhat checkered history, including a stint as a gambling casino, which led to a raid by the RCMP. Famous guests over the years included two of the richest men in the world: oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller and the great-grandson of fur-trade millionaire John Jacob Astor. 
The Inn is currently owned and operated by the Royal Vancouver Yacht Club as an outstation for club members. There is no public moorage available at the Wigwam docks; reciprocal privileges are not available to members of any other yacht clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="6006623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006623" title="Time Squared Academy">
Time Squared Academy

Time Squared Academy is a charter school in Providence, Rhode Island that specialises in teaching students science and mathematics.
Current.
The middle and high school (grades 6-12), established in 1998 uses standards-based instruction in conjunction with computer technology to create a multi-disciplinary approach that equips students for the rigorous demands of science and mathematics instruction. Eighth grade students are exposed to Algebra I and general science in order to accelerate their learning and accommodate the high school curriculum consisting of college preparatory and advanced mathematics, science, and technology courses. The method of using technology as a strategy to enhance curriculum and instruction is a quality that better prepares students for a variety of teaching and learning experiences not only in the classroom but in situations beyond. High school students are introduced to project-based learning within and outside of the academy- an example being the laboratory sciences at Providence College, a lead higher education partner. Seniors are encouraged to apply their theoretical knowledge of math, science, and technology during the academic year via internships in engineering, math, science, technology, and enrichment courses at local colleges and universities.
The elementary director is Tom Lombardi. He has been the elementary principal since August 2011. The previous principal was Mr. Dimanna, he was principal up until June 2011.
Times2 Academy's Educational Program.
Through a variety of pedagogical practices that include student-generated projects, enrichment initiatives, multiple assessments, and university and business partnerships, Times2 Academy students develop a repertoire of learning that prepares them to contribute to a larger community beyond the school. In addition to actively pursuing school-wide learning goals that are primarily academically generated, the Times2 Academy student is taught the importance of learning within the context of social and civic expectations. Moreover, each student is expected to model these social and civic responsibilities in their daily interactions with peers and faculty.
Times2 Academy uses the New Standards as the basis for curriculum development and implementation in its core subject areas. By using literacy and writing across all curricular areas, teachers are better able to build a foundation of learning that supports the school's comprehensive program. To assist the middle and upper school in identifying those competencies and qualities that are crucial for students to realize the school's mission, the administration and Board of Directors approved a K-5 Children's Academy. The Children's Academy is currently serving as the feeder school to the middle and upper school, adeptly intervening with academic supports and directing interests in math, science, engineering, and technology. Prior to the advent of the Children's Academy, any remediation for student learning occurred after the sixth grades, where academic deficiencies proved more numerous. By developing an academic bridge for students in the primary grades to cross over into middle school, and subsequently high school, Times2 Academy is ensuring the fulfillment of its mission.
The curriculum that is used in grades K-3 (and eventually K-5) and the middle and upper school emphasizes those skills that are standards-based and gives all students the opportunity to demonstrate mastery over time. With the advent of Math Investigations, students are given the opportunity to integrate literacy skills with mathematics competencies. In the primary grades students reinforce basic skills with manipulatives and math games that align with literacy. Also by using the University of Chicago Math Project, middle and high school teachers develop modules that assist students in grades 6-12 to move through a mathematics sequence that culminates with AP Calculus in the 12th grade. The science curriculum is rigorous following the standards established by the National Science Foundation. Using research to direct its decision, the Academy's Science Committee inverted its curriculum offerings where conceptual physics is offered to 9th graders, chemistry to sophomores, biology to juniors, and AP Physics to seniors. This inversion of curriculum serves as another way of helping Times2 Academy fulfill its mission.
Enrichment Program.
To ensure that students in grades 9-12 continue their pursuit of rigorous learning beyond high school, experiences in after-school, enrichment courses and activities, as well as Saturday Academics, are formally scheduled to expand the intellectual, social, and civic repertories of students and give them an advantage as they prepare for higher education and subsequent careers.
The objective of the Times2 After-School and Enrichment Program (T 2 AEP), in concert with students, parents, and community members, is to extend learning opportunities and experiences to middle and high school students that go beyond daily classroom learning where unique interests in technology, science, math, and problem solving can be explored using the resources and facilitators of industry and higher education. Some of the current after-school offerings include Web Club, Robotics, Tech Club, ACE Program, Aviation Club, Chess Club, Mock Trial, Yearbook, Studio Productions, Science Olympiad, and computer technology mini-courses such as Flowcharting, HTML, and Sketch Pad. In addition to these after-school offerings, enrichment experiences exist in the Saturday Engineering and Science Academy as well as the Summer Enrichment Program. Through these additional programs, middle and high school students acquire valuable tools that marry their daily coursework to hands-on learning, helping them understand the relevance of math and science in today's technologically charged and complex world. Also, through work with scientists and experts in their field, students get a better understanding of what skills are truly needed and invested in certain careers.
Most after-school activities occur Tuesday – Thursday from 2:30 - 4:30 pm .
Fridays are reserved for special activities such as field trips, workshops, movies, or social events in accordance with each program activity and schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="6006653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006653" title="Kari Bremnes">
Kari Bremnes

Kari Bremnes (born 9 December 1956 in Svolvær, Lofoten) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
She got an M.A. in language, literature, history and theater studies from the University of Oslo, and worked as a journalist for several years before deciding to dedicate herself to music full time.
In 1987 she received the Spellemannprisen for the record "Mitt ville hjerte", and in 1991 for the record "Spor". With her two brothers, Lars and Ola, she received the prize for the record "Soløye" in 2001.
She is also deputy board chairman of the Norwegian Society of Composers and Lyricists.

</doc>
<doc id="6006659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006659" title="Temple Hoyne Buell">
Temple Hoyne Buell

Temple Hoyne Buell (1895–1990) was an American architect.
Buell was born to a prominent Chicago family and the grandson of Thomas Hoyne. After graduating from Lake Forest Academy, he studied architecture at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and completed graduate studies at Columbia University. He served in France during World War I, where he was exposed to Phosgene. In 1921, he moved to Denver, Colorado for treatment of tuberculosis. After he regained his health he established the largest architectural firm in the Rocky Mountain area.
Over 300 buildings in Colorado were designed by Buell. He designed the first ever shopping mall.
Buell was the 16th National President of Chi Psi Fraternity. 
His charitable contributions have led to many buildings being named after him in Colorado, as well as a building on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, his alma mater. It is located on the South Quad, and houses the graduate division of the School of Architecture, as well as the Department of Landscape Architecture and the Department of Urban and Regional Planning. "The Temple Hoyne Buell Foundation," also named after him, emphasizes programs and initiatives for children, especially in the areas of early intervention, prevention, and improvement of the social and educational systems critical to the well-being of Colorado's youngest citizens.
The Temple Hoyne Buell Center for the Study of American Architecture at Columbia University was established in 1982 through beneficent gift from Buell, along with Kaplan Foundation and Phyllis Lambert. The Buell Center's founding director was Robert A. M. Stern.

</doc>
<doc id="6006692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006692" title="Birmingham Civic Society">
Birmingham Civic Society

The Birmingham Civic Society was founded at an inaugural meeting on 10 June 1918 in The Council House, Birmingham, England and is registered with The Civic Trust. The first President of the Society, the Earl of Plymouth, addressed the assembled Aldermen, Councillors, Architects and other city worthies at the first meeting of the newly formed Civic Society. His Lordship stated the aims of the Society, which were:
"to bring public interest to bear upon all proposals put forward by public bodies and private owners for building, upon the laying out of open spaces and parks, and generally upon all matters concerned with the outward amenities of the city and district. It will insist that taste is a thing that matters, and if any offence against taste is challenged at the outset, great good will be done, and converting of mean and unlovely parts of the City will gradually follow."
Sir Gilbert Barling Bt CB CBE was the Society's first Chairman and William Haywood was the first Secretary. Its principal objectives were the stimulation of historical interest in the city, the preservation of buildings and monuments of historic worth, the prevention of vandalism and the promotion of a sense of beauty and civic pride in the lives of citizens.
Immediately upon its foundation the Society received from an anonymous trust the sum of £15,000 (around £540,000 in today's terms) to buy land for open spaces, the land later to be vested in the Birmingham Corporation. As a result several areas of land were purchased, transformed into parks and handed over to the City authorities. In most cases the Civic Society has retained until the present the right to be consulted about the management of these parks. Two notable parks in this gift were Kings Norton Park (25½ acres in October 1920) and Highbury Park (42 acres in 1923).
From its earliest days the Society has taken a prominent role in advising on and lobbying for improvements to the physical development of the city. This has progressed from 1919 when it lobbied for improvements to the (then) village of Northfield right up to the present when it is playing a leading role in the debate about the replacement of the Birmingham Central Library. Often, the Society has commissioned its own plans for developments either at the request of the City Council or on its own initiative. In some cases, such as the refurbishment of the Chamberlain Memorial Fountain in 1978 and the creation of formal gardens in some city parks, it has provided the funding needed to bring about the developments in question.
The Society has also taken a number of publishing initiatives. The first of these in 1919 was an illustrated pamphlet on the right use of the City-owned portion of the Lickey Hills, followed by a Guide to Sutton Park, containing a selection of articles and a picture map of the whole park. The Society’s most recent publication is its Heritage Buildings Guide, published in 2003 with a distribution of over 500,000 to date.
The cultural life of the city has also benefitted from the Society's attentions. On its recommendation, the City Council set up an Advisory Art Committee in 1922; it played a critical role in saving the Repertory Theatre from closure in 1924, and again in 1934–35. The link with the Repertory Theatre continues through ex officio membership of the Sir Barry Jackson Trust which holds the shares of the Birmingham Repertory Theatre Ltd. The Centenary Concert for the Town Hall in 1934 was organised in the manner and form suggested by the Society jointly with the City of Birmingham Orchestra. 
During the Second World War the Society played a pivotal role in saving the stained glass windows of Birmingham Cathedral from exposure to bomb damage. Designed by Edward Burne-Jones, the Society had them removed and later reinstalled, whilst during the interim, most of the other windows were blown out by heavy bombing. It has worked successfully with the City Council in organising major events; in the 1920s it organised the city's Armistice Day commemorations and more recently this involved being the Council’s principal partner in celebrating the Trafalgar bi-centenary and the 80th Birthday of Her Majesty The Queen. 
In the matter of our sculpted heritage, the Society has played a leading role in preserving the city's statues, especially in the 1950s when many were in danger of being scrapped. Subjects that have been preserved in total or in part (the head being cast as a bust) by the action of the Society are Queen Victoria's statue, which was cast in bronze and placed upon a new plinth paid for by the Society for the Festival of Britain in 1951; the busts of Josiah Mason; George Dawson and John Skirrow Wright. More recently the Society has been involved in raising half of the £30,000 needed for the restoration of the Joseph Sturge statue at Five Ways and initiated the process for the relocation and restoration of the Edward VII statue, which is now in Centenary Square . 
Within the wider community, the Society has taken a number of significant initiatives. It played a key role in establishing the Consultative Committee (later the Birmingham Council for Community Associations), to foster the development of local community associations and the building of Community Halls. Currently, it runs two programmes aimed at promoting active citizenship among young people, noting in particular the growing ethnic diversity of the population. 
The first rewards children who have contributed directly to the improvement of their own local environments. The second this year involves 1000 children aged 11 to 14 projecting their lives forward by 20 years, and proposing plans for developments they consider most important for their lives and for those of their children. 
In addition to this, the Society operates the city's Blue Plaque scheme, erecting a number each year to former eminent citizens. There are currently 89 around the city.
In 2005 the Society adopted a new constitution retaining the spirit of its original objectives, but reflecting the current needs and aspirations of the City and in 2008 the Society became the first Civic Society in the United Kingdom to receive a Grant of Arms which included a Coat of Arms and Crest for the sole use of the Society and its Officers and a badge to be worn by Members.
Awards.
The Society makes a number of awards each year in recognition of contributions to the city. These are:

</doc>
<doc id="6006696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006696" title="Yusuke Naora">
Yusuke Naora

Yusuke Naora (直良 有祐 "Naora Yūsuke") (born January 9, 1971) is a Japanese video game art director and character designer working for Square Enix (formerly Square). He served as the art director for several "Final Fantasy" and "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII" titles. He also served as the producer of the "Code Age" franchise.
Biography.
Code Age Commanders.
Naora worked on the game Code Age Commanders for three years, in cooperation with a group he assembled for this project called "War Head". The game was conceived to be a new game, unlike "Final Fantasy", and could be made into a game for the PlayStation 2, a manga, and a cell phone game. Some of the drawing is done by Naora himself. In order to simulate the nature of two handed combat, multiple buttons are utilized in combat. The game was designed to appeal to the western desire for game customization.
The Last Remnant.
Naora took note of the popularity of "Fallout 3", and the growing differences between Japanese and Western RPG's. He then undertook to compare the two styles to appeal to both audiences. Naora developed the game "from the ground up" to appeal to both Japanese and Western audiences, and undertook extensive customer research into American gaming desires and tastes.
Final Fantasy Type-0.
Naora was on a staff of three for Type-0 in 2006, but development began in 2008 due to ongoing work on , and even then not fully until 2009 due to The 3rd Birthday. Naora developed the country designs and the main game visuals. It was the longest he had ever worked on a single game.
"Crystal Conquest" TBA.
Naora is the art director for an upcoming video game whose trailer was released in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6006703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006703" title="Mole's Christmas">
Mole's Christmas

"Mole's Christmas (also known as The Wind in the Willows: Mole's Christmas") is a 30 minute animated film shot in 1994. Its main stars are Richard Briers (Rat), Peter Davison (Mole) and Ellie Beaven (Young Girl) with Imelda Staunton. Directed by Martin Gates, it is based on Kenneth Grahame's novel and is part of the Wind in the Willows series. 
The film is light hearted and aimed at a younger audience. The plot involves a tired Mole and his friend Rat trudging through the snow one Christmas Eve when suddenly Mole wishes he could be home. Once at his home Mole and Rat decorate it for Christmas and prepare a Christmas feast which they share with a group of mice carolers.
The 30-minute programme is the most exported UK-made TV show for the period between 1993–2003 and has been seen in 213 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="6006708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006708" title="Stable isotope labeling by amino acids in cell culture">
Stable isotope labeling by amino acids in cell culture

SILAC (stable isotope labeling by/with amino acids in cell culture) is a technique based on mass spectrometry that detects differences in protein abundance among samples using non-radioactive isotopic labeling. It is a popular method for quantitative proteomics.
Procedure.
Two populations of cells are cultivated in cell culture. One of the cell populations is fed with growth medium containing normal amino acids. In contrast, the second population is fed with growth medium containing amino acids labeled with stable (non-radioactive) heavy isotopes. For example, the medium can contain arginine labeled with six carbon-13 atoms (13C) instead of the normal carbon-12 (12C). When the cells are growing in this medium, they incorporate the heavy arginine into all of their proteins. Thereafter, all peptides containing a single arginine are 6 Da heavier than their normal counterparts. Alternatively, uniform labeling with 13C or 15N can be used. The trick is that the proteins from both cell populations can be combined and analyzed together by mass spectrometry. Pairs of chemically identical peptides of different stable-isotope composition can be differentiated in a mass spectrometer owing to their mass difference. The ratio of peak intensities in the mass spectrum for such peptide pairs reflects the abundance ratio for the two proteins.
Applications.
A SILAC approach involving incorporation of tyrosine labeled with nine carbon-13 atoms (13C) instead of the normal carbon-12 (12C) has been utilized to study tyrosine kinase substrates in signaling pathways. SILAC has emerged as a very powerful method to study cell signaling, post translation modifications such as phosphorylation, protein–protein interaction and regulation of gene expression. In addition, SILAC has become an important method in secretomics, the global study of secreted proteins and secretory pathways. It can be used to distinguish between proteins secreted by cells in culture and serum contaminants. Standardized protocols of SILAC for various application have also been published.
Pulsed SILAC.
Pulsed SILAC (pSILAC) is a variation of the SILAC method where the labelled amino acids are added to the growth medium for only a short period of time. This allows monitoring differences in "de novo" protein production rather than raw concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="6006743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006743" title="François Coillard">
François Coillard

François Coillard (17 July 1834 in Asnières-les-Bourges, Cher, France – 27 May 1904 in Lealui, Barotseland, Northern Rhodesia) was a missionary who worked for the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society in southern Africa.
Coillard was the youngest of the seven children of François Coillard and his wife Madeleine. Both parents were of Huguenot descent. In 1836, Coillard’s father died, leaving behind a nearly destitute widow.
Coillard enrolled in the Protestant School at Asnières at the age of 15 and later attended Strasbourg University. He offered himself in 1854 to the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society (PEMS or, in French, "Société des Missions Evangéliques de Paris"). He trained under Eugène Casalis, a veteran southern African missionary, and in 1857 was ordained at the Oratoire in Paris. His first posting was to the independent kingdom of Basutoland (present-day Lesotho), where the PEMS had been established since 1833. When Coillard reached Cape Town on 6 November 1857, it was the eve of a war between Basutoland and the Boer republic of the Orange Free State; during the war, the French mission stations in Basutoland were destroyed. Coillard’s first task was to open a new station at Leribe.
On 26 February 1861 he married Christina Mackintosh in Cape Town, South Africa. She was the daughter of a Scottish Baptist minister and was five years older than her husband. Christina's enthusiasm for missions was kindled at the age of 14, after listening to the preaching of veteran southern African missionary Robert Moffat. She toiled as her husband's missionary co-worker and shared all the hardships of their travels throughout their marriage. They never had any children.
In 1865 Basutoland became involved in disputes with its neighbouring Boer nations of Natal and the Orange Free State. Coillard assisted in fruitful negotiations between local Basuto chiefs and Theophilus Shepstone, Natal's secretary for native affairs. In April 1866, Boer invaders from the Orange Free State forced the evacuation of Leribé mission. Coillard moved to Natal, where he assisted American missionaries. He occupied a vacant mission station there until Britain proclaimed a protectorate over Basutoland in 1868. Coillard then returned to Leribé.
Robert Moffat at Kuruman strongly encouraged Coillard to move north. Also, Basutoland churches proposed a mission by their own evangelists to peoples across the Limpopo River, who spoke Sotho-related languages. After the Boer government of Transvaal Republic turned back two Sotho expeditions, Coillard was asked to lead a third attempt. The new party consisted of Christina Coillard, four Basuto evangelists, and Elise Coillard (a niece to Coillard). When they arrived in Pretoria in May 1877, they found that the British crown had annexed the Transvaal Republic, which was now ruled under the governorship of Theophilus Shepstone.
After the missionaries crossed the Limpopo River, Shona chiefs would not welcome the group; instead, the party was forced to go to Bulawayo, the headquarters of King Lobengula of the Ndebele people. Lobengula prohibited the missionaries from preaching in his domains, so Coillard led the group southwest to the territory of Khama III, a Christian Tswana ruler. Khama suggested that the group could try their luck with Barotseland (the Lozi kingdom), north of the Zambezi River, where a Sotho-related language was spoken. Although the missionaries failed to arrange a meeting with the recently elected Lozi king, Coillard convinced the PEMS to support an attempt to plant mission stations in Barotseland. This plan was delayed by a trip Coillard made to Europe in 1880–82 and other complications in Basutoland.
Coillard finally mounted his expedition to Barotseland in 1884. The country was in turmoil with Lewanika, the former king, exiled and a usurper on the throne. Soon after Coillard established friendly relations with the usurper, another revolution brought Lewanika back to power. Coillard’s credibility was compromised by his initial diplomacy with the usurper, and it was only in March 1886 that he was received by Lewanika at Lealui, the capital of the kingdom.
From 1886 until 1891 Coillard worked to establish strong mission stations at various locations in Barotseland: Sesheke, Lealui, and Sefula. In an attempt to strengthen his grip on the kingship, Lewanika enlisted Coillard's assistance in negotiating for a British protectorate to be declared over Barotseland, similar to the one that had recently been extended over neighbouring Bechuanaland. However, the king and the missionary misunderstood the connections between the British crown and the British South Africa Company (BSAC) of Cecil Rhodes. Lewanika and Coillard were gradually entangled in a web of intrigue, which resulted in the signing of the Lochner Concession, which assigned the Lozi kingdom to the BSAC's domains on 27 June 1890. During the first seven years after signing the Concession, the BSAC failed to make any of its promised annual payments of £2000 or to provide any of the educational assistance that it had pledged to Lewanika.
Christina Coillard died on 28 October 1891 and the group of missionaries suffered a persistent high mortality rate, due primarily to tropical fevers. However, Coillard’s lively and moving letters to the PEM's offices in Paris made him a heroic figure to mission supporters in many countries. Many of these letters were published in 1889 as "Sur le Haut-Zambèze: voyages et travaux de mission". His letters also appeared in an English translation by his niece, Catherine Winkworth Mackintosh ("On the Threshold of Central Africa", 1897).
After experiencing serious illness in 1895, Coillard spent the period 1896-8 in Europe. By February 1899 he was back at Leribé in Basutoland, on his way back to Barotseland. However, a large number of fatalities ensued among the missionary recruits of 1897 and onwards. Coillard was further shaken in 1903 by a breakaway movement of his converts, led by Willie Mokalapa.
Coillard suffered a fatal attack of haematuric fever at Lealui in Northern Rhodesia and died on 27 May 1904; he was buried near his wife at Sefula.
Sources.
Norman Etherington, ‘"Coillard, François (1834–1904)"’, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, Sept 2004; online edn, May 2006 accessed 16 July 2006
C. W. Mackintosh, "Coillard of the Zambesi" (1907)
E. Favre, "François Coillard: enfance et jeunesse" (1908)
F. Coillard, ‘"Preface"’, in H. Dieterlen, "Adolphe Mabille, missionnaire" (1898)
"Journal des Missions Evangéliques" (1865–1904)
M. Wilson and L. Thompson, eds., "The Oxford history of South Africa", 2 vols. (1971), vol. 2
J. Du Plessis, "A history of Christian missions in South Africa" (1965)
R. C. Germond, "Chronicles of Basutoland" (1967)
L. H. Gann, "A history of Southern Rhodesia: early days to 1934" (1965)
A. Hastings, "The church in Africa, 1450–1950" (1994); repr. (1996)

</doc>
<doc id="6006753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006753" title="New England Surge">
New England Surge

The New England Surge were an indoor football team that was a member of the Continental Indoor Football League in 2007 and 2008.
The Surge played home games at the DCU Center in downtown Worcester, Massachusetts. On April 24, 2007, only four games into the team's first season, head coach Rick Buffington was fired, replaced by team president Roy Lucas Jr..
The team shut down its operations after the 2008 season.
Season-by-season.
!Totals || 17 || 9 || 0
2007 season.
The Surge started their inaugural season by losing their first two games before Defeating New York/New Jersey by a score of 61-6 in front of a home crowd of 4,724 fans. However following a 1-3 start, team owner Roy Lucas Jr. fired Rick Buffington and named himself as coach. The team would dramatically improve under Lucas winning 7 of their final 8 games en route to a #2 seed in the playoffs. The Surge would defeat the Lehigh Valley Outlawz 58-34 in the Atlantic Division Semifinal game before losing 80-45 to the Rochester Raiders in the Championship game. 
Notable players
2007 CIFL Standings.
Surgeo the Leopard 
Surgeo is a yellow and orange spotted leopard. He loves to be the mascot for the New England Surge.
2008 season.
The Surge would start the 2008 season with a 5-0 record, highlighted by a dramatic 49-41 victory over the Chesapeake Tide and a ferocious rally to defeat the Flint Phantoms 49-48, before losing a 62-20 game against Rochester. They would finish the season with an 8-3 record and won the Atlantic Division East regular season title. They would go into the playoffs as the #1 seed. On the eve of their semifinal playoff matchup with the Lehigh Valley Outlawz, Offensive Coordinator Jerry Snay abruptly resigned from the team, stating that he had not been paid in two years. The Surge would go on to lose the game by a score of 27-21. This would end up being the last game played by the Surge.
Team demise.
After only two years in existence as a franchise the team investors stated that the Surge had lost a total of about $577,000. Still on January 29, 2009 Lucas told the Worcester Telegram and Gazette, "we can guarantee there will be indoor football in Worcester in 2009." Shortly thereafter the investors voted 5-1 to remove Lucas as president. The same investors, mostly small business owners and retirees who borrowed some of the money they put up and had no experience in professional sports, allege that Mr. Lucas buried the team with sloppy bookkeeping, poor business practices and out-of-control spending on hotel rooms, restaurant tabs, rental cars, airline tickets and marketing expenses. The Surge announced that they would be leaving the CIFL and would be starting a new league (the United States Indoor Football League) along with the Lehigh Valley Outlawz. Three other teams were announced but despite promises, the league never produced a schedule and is presumed defunct. 
Reasons cited for the huge losses include the $40,000 plus tab the team ran up the first season with the Hilton Garden Inn hotel to house players, as well as money for plane tickets. Several out of state players were brought in and housed in the hotel rather than the Surge using local talent. Others cite that Lucas took on too many duties when he named himself the team’s coach and tried to handle on-field duties and the general manager’s job at the same time. Last, the Surge spent the large amount of $107,000 in advertising costs in its first season. On April 3, 2009, Lucas notified The DCU Center that it would be voiding the third and final year on its lease with the Arena. Several court cases have been filed as investors, creditors as well as players and coaches have all attempted to recover money owed to them.

</doc>
<doc id="6006754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006754" title="Yellow waterlily">
Yellow waterlily

Yellow waterlily is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6006769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006769" title="Choirboy">
Choirboy

A choirboy is a boy member of a choir, also known as a treble.
As a derisive slang term, it refers to a do-gooder or someone who is morally upright, in the same sense that "Boy Scout" (also derisively) refers to someone who is considered honorable or conscientious.
History.
The use of choirboys in Christian liturgical music can be traced back to pre-Christian times. Saint Paul's dictum that "women should be silent in churches" ("mulieres in ecclesiis taceant") resonated with this largely patriarchal tradition; the development of vocal polyphony from the Middle Ages through the Renaissance and Baroque thus took place largely, though not exclusively, in the context of the all-male choir, in which all voice parts were sung by men and boys.
The first known usage in print of the term "choirboy" (rather than the earlier "singing boy") was by the Victorian novelist William Makepeace Thackeray (1811–1863) in chapter vii of his story "The Ravenswing", published in "Fraser's Magazine for Town and Country" (London, Sept. 1843, XXVIII/165, p. 321): "He had been a choir-boy at Windsor".
In more recent years as girls have begun joining formerly all-male choirs, the gender-neutral term "chorister" is more often being used instead. (Until the late 20th century "chorister" was sometime applied to adult choral singers too, but is now limited to children.)
Becoming a chorister.
Boys are generally eligible to join a choir at the age of seven. Voice trials are part of the selection process for larger choirs and tend to measure the quality of voice and pitch recognition rather than singing experience. Boys that are accepted into a choir begin as probationers.
Extensive musical training is provided, in particular for cathedral choristers. A number of famous composers and musicians began their careers as choristers. In 1740, Joseph Haydn was sent at the age of eight to Vienna to become a choirboy at Saint Stephen's Cathedral. Franz Schubert was accepted into the choir of the Imperial Court Chapel in 1808 when he was 11. Dudley Moore became a choirboy at six.
A small bursary is paid to the boys each term, and opportunities arise for other bonuses during the year.
Choristers of the Year.
The Royal School of Church Music (RSCM) organized the first UK competition for Choirboy of the Year in 1975. It was sponsored by Rediffusion and received more than 2,500 entries. The final, which took place in St George's, Hanover Square, London, was won by Matthew Billsborough. He sang the St. Matthew Passion by Bach. The last ever RSCM national competition was held in 1992, and was won by Gavin Moralee (now known Gavin Cranmer-Moralee). He sang the The Monk and his Cat by Samuel Barber and How Beautiful are the feet from Handel's Messiah.
The competition was open only to boy choristers up until 1986 when the BBC first organized an additional separate competition for girl choristers through the age of 16. The two competitions ran side-by-side for three years before the RSCM competition began including girls in its own competitions, naming both a choirboy and choirgirl of the year. From 1989 to 1992, both the BBC and RSCM named a different girl as Choirgirl of the Year.
In 1998, BBC Radio 2 began hosting a combined boys and girls competition, without any other simultaneous competitions. James Fox, from St. Mary's Warwick, was named Choirboy of the Year and Eloise Irving, from West Sussex, was named Choirgirl of the Year. The format has remained the same through the most recent competition.
Thomas Jesty) was BBC Young Chorister of the Year 2004. Both he and Harry Sever (the 2003 winner) had solos on the December 2004 album ""Hear My Prayer"". They also took part in the United Kingdom's biggest fundraising concert in aid of the victims of the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami.
The 2005 winners of the competition were Laura Wright (15) from Suffolk and Sam Adams-Nye from Bristol.
The 2007 winners of the BBC Radio 2 Young Chorister of the Year competition were twelve-year-old Joel Whitewood of Canterbury Cathedral and 15-year-old Charlotte Louise McKechnie of Giffnock South Church in Scotland. The finals were held at St Paul's Cathedral in London and hosted by Aled Jones.
The 2008 winners of the BBC Radio 2 Young Chorister of the Year competition were twelve-year-old Harry Bradford of the Chapel Royal, St. James's Palace, London and 14-year-old Alice Halstead of St. Alphege's Church, Solihull. The finals were held at St Paul's Cathedral in London and hosted by Charles Hazlewood.
The 2012 winners of the BBC Radio 2 Young Chorister of the Year competition were thirteen-year-old Isaac Waddington of the Choir of Chichester Cathedral, West Sussex and 15-year-old Louisa Stirland. The finals were held at St Martin in the Fields and hosted by Aled Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="6006775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006775" title="Hangman's fracture">
Hangman's fracture

A hangman's fracture is the colloquial name given to a fracture of both pedicles or "pars interarticularis" of the "axis vertebra" (C2) (or, Epistropheus).
Epidemiology.
The C2 fracture accounts for nearly 19% of all spinal fractures and 55% of cervical fractures. Within C2 fractures, the hangman’s fracture accounts for 23% of occurrences while the odontoid or dens fracture accounts for 55% of them.
Common Causes and High Risk Groups.
The injury mainly occurs from falls usually in older adults and motor accidents mainly due to impacts of high force causing extension of the neck and great axial load onto the C2 vertebrae.
In a study based in Norway, 60% of reported cervical fractures came from falls and 21% from motor related accidents.
According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), the group under the highest risk of C2 fractures are elderly people within the age group of 65-84(39.02%) at risks of falls (61%) or motor accidents (21%) in metropolitan areas (94%). 203 discharges were from the age group 1-17; 1843 from 18-44 year olds; 2147 from 45-64 year olds, 4890 from 65-84 year olds, and 3440 from 85+ year olds. Females accounted for 54.45% of occurrences while males accounted for the other 45.38%.
Hospital Costs.
Statistics from the AHRQ show that there were 12,532 hospital discharges from C2 fractures in the US during 2010. The mean healthcare costs were $17,015 and the “national bill” or the aggregate charges were $749,553,403. Only 460 in-hospital deaths related to the C2 fracture occurred. From 2000 to 2010, the number of discharges has increased from 4,875 to 12,532, almost a 250% increase. Mean health care costs went from $24,771 to $59,939.
Mechanisms.
The mechanism of the injury is forcible hyperextension of the head, usually with distraction of the neck. Traditionally this would occur during judicial hanging, when the noose was placed below the condemned subject's chin. When the subject was dropped, the head would be forced into hyperextension by the full weight of the body, a sufficient force to cause the fracture. However, despite its long association with judicial hangings, one study of a series of such hangings showed that only a small minority of hangings produced a hangman's fracture.
Apart from hangings, the mechanism of injury - a sudden forceful hyperextension centered just under the chin - occurs mainly with deceleration injuries in which the victim's face or chin strike an unyielding object with the neck in extension. The most common scenario would be a frontal motor vehicle accident with an unrestrained passenger or driver, with the person striking the dashboard or windshield with their face or chin. Other scenarios would include falls, diving injuries, and collisions between players in contact sports.
Although a hangman's fracture is unstable, survival from this fracture is relatively common, as the fracture itself tends to expand the spinal canal at the C2 level. It is not unusual for patients to walk in for treatment and have such a fracture discovered on X-rays. Only if the force of the injury is severe enough that the vertebral body of C2 is severely subluxed from C3 does the spinal cord become crushed, usually between the vertebral body of C3 and the posterior elements of C1 and C2.
Hangman’s Fracture Preventions.
Car Crashes.
Most commonly this can occur during a car accident. A person involved in a car crash, especially with no seat belt, can slam their chin against the steering wheel, dashboard or windshield causing the hyperextension to occur.
Contact Sports.
Falling and collisions with other people in a contact sport can also cause this fracture. Falling causes the weight of the body to force hyperextension. Collision with other players in a contact sport can be very dangerous as well: in football, diving for the ball can lead a player to land on his head, forcing the neck into hyperextension; the further piling of players on top of an injured player adds more weight and can lead to further occurrences of this fracture.
Treatment.
Non-surgical or Surgical.
Hangman's fractures treatments are both non-surgical and surgical according to Sasso, from the department of Orthopaedic Surgery at Indiana University School of Medicine.
Benefits of Surgical Hangman's fracture treatment.
Sasso also studied that people who went on the surgical treatment will not be affected by pin site infections,brain abscesses, facet joint stiffness, loss of spinal alignment, and skin break-down. Another studies about the surgical treatment of is the ring of axis that Barsa P et al. (2006)) conducted a 30 cases within 41 patients to treat by using anterior cervical fixation and fusion and 11 cases treated by a posterior CT.
Result of the surgical treatment.
As a result, Barsa P et al. showed that the result of fracture fusion reduced after one year but only one patient died of other disease during the follow-up. Besides, Hakalo J., Wronski J. (2008) both showed that operative treatment such as using transoral C2-C3 discectomy with plate-cage stabilization or posterior direct pars screw repair for the reducing and healing process.
In deliberate or suicidal hanging, asphyxia is much more likely to be the cause of death due to associated prevertebral swelling.
A common sign is a constricted pupil (Horner's syndrome) on the ipsilateral side due to loss of sympathetic innervation to the eye, caused by damage to the sympathetic trunk in the neck.

</doc>
<doc id="6006777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006777" title="Robert Cobb">
Robert Cobb

Robert or Bob Cobb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6006778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006778" title="Great Cities of the Ancient World">
Great Cities of the Ancient World

Great Cities of the Ancient World is a 1972 history book by L. Sprague de Camp, published by Doubleday. A translation into German has also appeared.
The work is a study of the ethnology, history, geography, and everyday life in such famous ancient capital cities as Thebes, Jerusalem, Nineveh, Tyre, Babylon, Memphis, Athens, Syracuse, Alexandria, Anuradhapura, Rome, Pataliputra, and Constantinople. The narrative is enlivened by personal observation, the author having personally traveled to each of the sites treated. New World sites are not treated.

</doc>
<doc id="6006805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006805" title="Northlew">
Northlew

Northlew is a village and civil parish in the West Devon district of the county of Devon, England. To the west of the village, but within the parish, are the hamlets of West Kimber and East Kimber.
Geography and history.
The village is approximately 7 miles (11 km) northwest of the town of Okehampton, and most places in the village have excellent views over Dartmoor. The village is relatively isolated, not being served by any main roads. It has an attractive main square surrounded by traditional buildings, some of them thatched; just off the square are a pub, the local primary school and two churches, the Church of England parish church of Saint Thomas of Canterbury and the Methodist church (originally Bible Christian). The ecclesiastical parish of Northlew has been combined with the neighbouring village of Ashbury, and since the school is a Church of England voluntary controlled school, it bears the name of both villages.
The hamlet of Crowden is on the Highampton side of the village.
Historically, Northlew formed part of Black Torrington Hundred. It gets its name from the ancient manor of Lew, mentioned in the Domesday Book; the village of Lewdown and the River Lew are nearby. The village has the melancholy distinction of having lost the highest proportion of its enlisting population of any municipality in the United Kingdom during the First World War: of 100 men who enlisted in the forces, 24 died. A stone memorial to them was recently erected in the churchyard, replacing wooden memorial tablets within the church.
Legend has it that the devil died of the cold in Northlew. There is a stone in the village that represents where the devil is meant to have died of the cold.
The Bell Ringers Song.
The village features in the song "The Bellringing" popularised by Tony Rose.
The song harks back to the days of "prize ringing", when bands of ringers would compete for a prize. The bells were rung in the English "full-circle" style, and the winners would be those who "struck" or caused the bells to strike, in the neatest and most regular way. The "Men of Northlew" - who "rang so steady and true", beat the bell ringers of Broadwood in two competitions; first at Ashwater Town, and then later at Callington Town. This song and "The ringers of Egloshayle" are the best known of the traditional ringing folk songs. 
"The Bell Ringing" was collected by the Rev S Baring Gould and published in "Songs of the West".
Broadband.
Northlew was one of the many areas in the UK who were unable to connect to broadband via conventional means. Early in 2009, Christopher Marson spearheaded a campaign to bring the service to Northlew and Belstone with the help of 4 other villagers; John Maguire, Ken Meron, Ian Richards and Julia Oxenbury . They obtained funding from Dartmoors GD Leaf and on Christmas Eve 2009 the system went live. Northlew Community broadband now serves over 150 households, helping over 500 people to get online.
Telephone kiosk.
In 2009 BT decided to decommission Northlews only public telephone kiosk due to it being 'uneconomical'. The kiosk in Northlew has stood on the same site since 1939 and is one of the few remaining K6 boxes designed by architect Sir Giles Scott to commemorate the silver jubilee of King George V. Five directors of Nothlew broadband decided to take it over with the assistance of Northlew Parish Council. They then re-activated the kiosk back into a working telephone box; the very first village in the UK to do so. [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1298870/Villagers-club-reinstall-old-red-phone-box--charge-just-1p-minute-calls.html]
Village community shop.
Northlew, like many villages, lost its post office in early 2009. Since then, the closest store is a round-trip of almost 15 miles. In 2012, Christopher Marson and James Luckman were successful in applying for funding from the National Lottery for a community shop. The shop opened its doors on 3 August 2012.
The shop will be a temporary structure next to the public toilets on Northlew Village square, opening Monday to Friday 7 am to 7 pm, Saturday 8 am to 5:30 pm and Sunday 10 am to 6 pm. More information can be found on the village's website http://www.northlew.net
WW1 Memorial.
Northlew, lost proportionately more young men from the enlisted population than any other town city or place in the UK, as such the residents of Northlew have agreed to honour them with the worlds longest Poppy Avenue of just over 10 miles (20 miles of verges) from the town of Okehampton to Broadbury via Northlew. This will involve the planting of over 2 Million poppies.
The project will break a number of world records; namely, The worlds longest poppy avenue, The worlds longest carpet of flowers beating the People's Republic Of China by 8.6 miles. It will also be the longest War Memorial in the Northern Hemisphere.
Sutton Seeds who is the UK's main supplier of seeds and will be supplying over 42 Kilos of poppy seeds to the village have also agreed to name a Poppy, 'The Northlew Poppy' This will be on a sale in packets across the nation from 2014 with a percentage going to a national charity (to be agreed by Sutton Seeds)
More information cab be found at http://www.facebook.com/northlewpoppy

</doc>
<doc id="6006809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006809" title="Zettair">
Zettair

Zettair is a compact text search engine for indexing and search of HTML (or TREC) collections. It is an open source software developed by a group of researchers at RMIT University.
Its primary feature is the ability to handle large document collections (100 GB and more). It has a single executable, which performs both on-the-ﬂy indexing and searching, with a command-line interface.
It is licensed under the terms of the BSD license.

</doc>
<doc id="6006814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006814" title="Storm Warnings">
Storm Warnings

"Storm Warnings" is the tenth episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by Ed Burns from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Rob Bailey. It originally aired on August 10, 2003.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the warnings sent out before a major weather event occurs, usually a thunderstorm. Metaphorically the title represents the episode's foreshadowing of approaching danger.
Epigraph.
Ziggy makes this comment as a joke to his (union) accomplice as they steal cars from the docks.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, John Doman, Frankie Faison and Wood Harris do not appear in this episode.
Plot.
Summary.
Dock business.
Tension over the next union secretary continues to build - Frank Sobotka plans to run again despite an earlier agreement that Ott would be next to hold the position. In the office, Ott catches Sobotka with re-election posters and calls him out on it. When Sobotka says he wants to finish what he started, Ott storms out. Sobotka hints to Horseface that Ott would uncover the source of the funds.
Ziggy Sobotka and Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto steal several cars from the docks and fake an exit through the fence to draw attention away from it being an inside job. Ziggy plans to fence the cars to The Greek's man George "Double G" Glekas. Ziggy later reports in to Glekas to tell him the cars have been put into containers. Glekas cuts Ziggy's share from 20% to 10% and Ziggy flies into a rage and insults Glekas. Glekas beats Ziggy and throws him out of the warehouse. Ziggy makes his way to his car and returns to the warehouse with a gun. He shoots Glekas several times, killing him, and hits one of his employees in the abdomen. He leaves his money with the wounded employee who is calling the police on his cellphone. Ziggy breaks down in his car in front of the warehouse as sirens herald the momentary arrival of responding police.
Ziggy is next seen in the interrogation room with homicide sergeant Jay Landsman. Landsman gives Ziggy a confession to sign and Ziggy does so after making a single change - Double G "begged" him not to shoot, rather than "said" it. 
Nick Sobotka is questioned by his girlfriend Aimee about the sums of cash she found hidden in his room. He tells her that he is being paid off the books by the Greek for working in a warehouse and is bringing home more than he expected. He tries to give her the money, but she refuses to accept it.
When news of Ziggy's actions reaches Nick he reports it straight back to Frank. Frank is angry that Nick didn't know what Ziggy was doing with the Greeks. Nick drowns his sorrows in a local park and is found there by Prissy, an ex of Ziggy's. They discuss Ziggy's history of foolish actions. Nick grieves for his cousin's freedom and damns his name.
Sobotka detail.
Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski surveys the detail's work to date and is pleased with the information they have collected. The detail meet to discuss the direction their case is taking - they are supplementing the wire tap with GPS satellite surveillance of their suspects' vehicles.
Meanwhile Major Valchek has become disillusioned with their shift of focus away from Sobotka and has called in the FBI to take over the case. He hands them all the detail's information so far and also engages them to try to recover his surveillance van.
Thomas "Herc" Hauk and Ellis Carver deliver some heavy computer equipment to the detail office. They again feel that they are second class citizens in the detail as they are assigned mostly surveillance tasks. As they leave the office Valchek's FBI agents arrive. Lieutenant Cedric Daniels and ASA Rhonda Pearlman later meet with the FBI and agree to share the case with them. The bureau's condition is that the focus is on the union. When the agents arrive at the detail office, led by Terrence "Fitz" Fitzhugh, they are greeted with a Western style standoff from Bunk Moreland and Lester Freamon that soon evaporates into friendly greetings. Herc and Carver are relieved from their surveillance by a pair of FBI agents.
Bunk later accompanies Jimmy McNulty and Claude Diggins on a fishing trip to disguise their surveillance. Kima Greggs and Cheryl argue a little about the division of shopping responsibilities within their household. Cheryl asks Kima to feel her pregnant abdomen because her baby is moving. Back at the detail, Kima questions Beadie Russell about balancing her role as a police officer with being a mother. In particular, Kima feels she would miss being involved in off-hour duties such as raids with her fellow officers.
Daniels and Freamon meet with Fitz and discuss their aims - the FBI agents offer to help to trace the origin of the contraband containers. Valchek arrives at the detail and lays into Daniels for his failure to deliver a case on Sobotka. He insists that Prez leave the detail as he will not let Daniels use his own people against him. Prez refuses to go and when Valchek insults him he lashes out and punches him. Valchek is outraged and leaves immediately. Prez hands Daniels his gun and walks into his office as ordered.
As soon as Fitz logs the investigation into the FBI computers, the Greek's inside man in the bureau, Agent Koutris, notices and phones it in. Koutris meets with The Greek and tells him how the investigation is monitoring him. Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos immediately asks Stephanos, the short order cook at the diner, to contact Eton Ben-Eleazer and organize a meeting insisting they avoid using phones. 
Eton reports Ziggy's actions to Vondas. Vondas orders Eton to clean out the store and warehouse. The meeting is observed by Bunk and McNulty from Diggins's boat. Vondas orders Eton to dispose of all his phones and then throws his own phone into the water. Meanwhile, Herc and Carver observe Nick arriving at the Greek's cafe. Nick asks to speak with Spiros and is met with blanket denial of his existence. 
Back at the office, Freamon, Bunk and McNulty discuss Prez's action. McNulty also asks about text messaging and the possibility of tracing a message for a phone number. McNulty is disappointed when Fitz tells him it would be near impossible without knowing the wireless provider along with the time and location of the call. Despite their protestations, Fitz and Bunk do trace the call using FBI technology and subpoena the billing information from the service provider. At the phone company offices, an employee tells them that with a search warrant they could have two months of text messaging history. Fitz talks the clerk into allowing them a peek at the records before they produce the warrant and is dismayed when the messages are all written in Greek. At the detail, Daniels, McNulty and Greggs look on as an agent translates Vondas's final message - it reads "shut down immediately", to the agents' and detectives' consternation.
Greggs calls Beadie to let her know they are raiding that night to catch what they can. McNulty types warrants as Sergei "Serge" Malatov and Eton clean house, including washing large amounts of powdered drugs down the drain.
The street.
Bodie Broadus is pleased with the new package which is finally selling well. He orders a resupply from Mo Man via his subordinate Puddin. Stringer Bell arrives and is followed by Melvin "Cheese" Wagstaff from Proposition Joe's organization. Stringer tells Bodie that Cheese will be taking over three of the six towers, Bodie doesn't understand why they are giving up their territory and Stringer tells him to consider where their new package came from. Bodie quickly adapts to the new circumstances by stealing a sale from Cheese's hoppers by undercutting their prices. The buyer is Bubbles. Cheese is not that put out by Bodie's actions and the two banter back and forth.
However, Cheese is put out when a man who dresses like a member of the Nation of Islam approaches him and tells him to move on if he doesn't work for Avon Barksdale. Cheese first responds insulting Brother Mouzone for being overly dressed and suggests he leave and sell bean pies. Mouzone then tells him to leave in a more threatening manner, and when Cheese goes to punch him, Mouzone shoots Cheese in the arm with a round of rat shot warning him that the next round will be a real bullet. Cheese is sufficiently intimidated to move on. 
Cheese discusses the problem with his uncle Proposition Joe. Cheese wants to retaliate but Joe knows of the man who shot Cheese - Brother Mouzone - and his reputation. He decides it would be too dangerous to retaliate or even put a contract out on Mouzone as Mouzone would come after him directly in response. Joe realizes that Avon must have contracted Mouzone to protect his territory and that Stringer cannot act as he would be going against Avon a second time. He suggests to Cheese that there is only one person who could take on Brother Mouzone in Baltimore but he does not take contract money.
Omar Little visits Butchie and drops off his latest take - Butchie acts as a bank and advisor for Omar. Later, Proposition Joe meets with Butchie and convinces him to broker a meeting between Stringer and Omar to discuss Brother Mouzone. Butchie is suspicious but agrees as long as his nephew Heywood can provide security. 
At the towers Brother Mouzone keeps watch and chastises his subordinate Lamar for forgetting two of his news magazines. Bodie and another dealer observe Mouzone's vigil and Shamrock is impressed that his reputation alone is holding away the East side drug dealers. Bodie wonders what will happen when they run out of good product. Shamrock insists that if Avon wanted to cooperate with the East side dealers Mouzone would not be there.

</doc>
<doc id="6006816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006816" title="Ellery (duo)">
Ellery (duo)

Ellery, formerly known as "Dividing the Plunder", are a musical group from Cincinnati founded by married couple Tasha and Justin Golden. They changed the name to "Ellery" after finding it in a book at a shop in Iowa. [http://www.jumper.it/pagina.php?idsection=musichall&page=artist&art=ellery&lang=eng]
They began work as Ellery in 2005. Their style has been compared to that of Sarah McLachlan, Ben Folds, and alternative folk. The couple wrote, recorded, and released the "Make Your Troubles Mine" EP which they recorded with the help of producer and guitarist Ric Hordinski (formerly of Over the Rhine). Their debut was received with positive reviews in local newspapers, and their local public radio station, WNKU, put them in regular rotation. After a feature in "Performing Songwriter Magazine", Virt Records contacted the band, signed them, and sent them back into the studio to turn the EP into a full-length album. The result, "Lying Awake", was released in 2006.
In late 2009, Justin and Tasha began a series of in-house concerts in the midwest as a part of the Ellery Stimulus, created to help raise money for their next record, due in early spring 2010. In winter 2009, Ellery released a Holiday EP titled "Down, Down, Down".
Although they are normally described as a duo, backing music is provided by Ric Hordinski (electric guitars, loops, keyboards), Amos Heller (bass), and Josh Seurkamp (percussion, drums).
Style and sound.
Their unique sound has a lot to do with Tasha Golden's vocals, but also the bands use instruments such as piano, wurlitzer, and electric, acoustic, and tenor guitar as well as electric mandolin.

</doc>
<doc id="6006834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006834" title="Blue Sky on Mars">
Blue Sky on Mars

Blue Sky on Mars is the sixth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Zoo Entertainment in 1997.
Cover.
The cover of the album features an image by Viking 1, the first spacecraft to land on Mars; the album's liner notes include additional imagery of the planet's landscape as taken by the spacecraft on July 20, 1976. The text on the cover was done by fantastic artist, Roger Dean, best known for his work on album covers for bands such as Yes. The album's title comes from the tour in the film, "Total Recall".
Release.
The album was met with little commercial success, but favorable reviews. Critic Jim Farber of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a "B", writing that it "matched his usual sugary melodies to denser production, hinting at everything from the Beach Boys to '80s new wave", and adding that "[Sweet's] power pop still has the knack". AV Club wrote that the album contained "nice, sugary three-minute pop singles that instantly lodge themselves in your cranium", adding that it is "a slight but worthy addition to his terrific catalog".
Details.
The song "Hollow" was featured in the film " The Game", and "Come to California" was featured in the film "Nancy Drew".
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="6006846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006846" title="Max Hudicourt">
Max Hudicourt

Max Lélio Hudicourt (June 25, 1907 – May 4, 1947) was a Haïtian lawyer, journalist and leading socialist politician.
Hudicourt was born in Port-au-Prince to an elite light-skinned family, but spent his childhood in Jérémie, his mother's hometown. He moved to Port-au-Prince at to pursue a higher education and attend Law School. He was strongly influenced during those years by his uncle and mentor Pierre Hudicourt, with whom he lived, and who was a lawyer and Senator. He became politically active during the 1920s, becoming known as a gifted orator and contributor to leftist publications. When he graduated from law school, he worked in his uncle's law firm.
In 1933 occupying US Marines sought to rid Haiti of Marxist influence, launching a campaign for "The Suppression of Bolshevist Activities". Hudicourt was arrested, tried, and sentenced to three months in prison for purportedly being a communist along with Jacques Roumain. After his trial, Hudicourt made clear that while he identified the ideology's principles he was not personally a communist. A hunger strike and international attention won him and Roumain early releases from prison.
He continued to be an outspoken dissident against President Sténio Vincent, who he felt betrayed Haiti's nationalist movement by allying with the United States after the Marines withdrew. When Vincent declared his regime a dictatorship in 1938, Hudicourt helped organize a large demonstrations to which the authorities responded with severe repression. As protest leaders were rounded up and jailed, Hudicourt narrowly escaped arrest by fleeing to New York.
When he returned two years later after Élie Lescot succeeded Vincent in the presidency, he was immediately put under police surveillance. In 1941 he criticized a police chief while campaigning for a congressional seat. The police attacked him, beating him up, and Hudicourt was again exiled to the Dominican Republic and then New York.
He returned in 1942 after negotiations and was allowed to print a daily socialist newspaper called "La Nation". He financed the paper from his own funds, raised from a small Pétionville moviehouse he co-owned. It became the longest running Marxist daily in Haitian history and was widely circulated among literate urban workers.
Hudicourt accepted a minor diplomatic post in the Haitian government but subsequently refused to fulfill it in protest of President Lescot's dictates. Lescot barred him from the country. "La Nation" was shut down for "sowing hate and fomenting troubles".
As Haitian police and the FBI kept close watch on the faltering Haitian leftist movement, Hudicourt continued his political activity from exile in Harlem, New York. He attacked the Lescot government and US policy in the Caribbean and networked with other progressive intellectuals. His works from exile include "Haiti Faces Tomorrow's Peace" (1945) and "The Triumph of Fascism: Or the Haitian-American Mutual Responsibilities in Haitian Affairs" (1945).
After Lescot was exiled amidst a popular revolution, Hudicourt returned to lead Parti Socialiste Populaire (Haiti) (PSP)". In 1946 he was elected as the PSP's candidate to Haiti's Chamber of Deputies, becoming the only sitting socialist politician. He was part of a 1947 failed high-level delegation to the United States to secure the forgiveness of occupation-era loans and debts.
In May of that year, Hudicourt was found slumped at his desk with a gunshot wound to his chest and revolver in hand. His apparent suicide was a total surprise to his allies in the PSP. Theories abounded that he was assassinated by political opponents or US agents, but his close friends said his death was the coda to a severe month-long depression. A draft article for "La Nation" naming corrupt civil and military officials lay on his desk.
Some months later the newspaper was raided and sacked by the Haitian police. His brother and other socialists assumed leadership of the PSP, which continued to spearhead leftist opposition to the Haitian government.
He married twice, to Marie Bellegarde (daughter of his next door neighbor, Dantès Bellegarde) and Julie Bartoli but left no children from either wife.

</doc>
<doc id="6006849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006849" title="Solomon Berson">
Solomon Berson

Solomon Aaron Berson (22 April 1918 – 11 April 1972) was an American physician and scientist whose discoveries, mostly together with Rosalyn Yalow, caused major advances in clinical biochemistry.
Born in New York City, Berson was a keen musician and chess player. He graduated from the City College of New York in 1938. After failing to obtain a place in medical school he earned an MSc (1939) and an anatomy instructorship at New York University before finally securing a place in NYU medical school in 1941. He completed his degree in 1945, and after internships in Boston and two years in the army he returned to New York to do an internal medicine residency at the Bronx Veterans Affairs Hospital.
His scientific work started in 1950, when he became a member of the Radioisotope Service of the hospital, where he teamed with Rosalyn Yalow in what eventually became an historic research parthership. He also set up a thyroid service, where his approach was felt lastingly. Their early laboratory work concerned iodine and human serum albumin metabolism, but later on in the decade they shifted their focus to insulin, a hormone which was difficult to measure in the blood. They developed the radioimmunoassay, which gave very good results, and published their findings in 1960.
With the success of the insulin RIA, Berson and Yalow extended their success to other hormones, such as corticotropin, gastrin, parathyroid hormone and growth hormone, making significant discoveries in their physiology along the way.
Berson, usually together with Yalow, received numerous awards for his work. In 1968, he was elected Murray M. Rosenberg Professor and Chair of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine of the City University of New York, enjoying great popularity. He also served on the editorial boards of several medical journals. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1972, but died of a massive heart attack the same month in Atlantic City while attending a FASEB meeting. In 1975 Berson and Yalow received the AMA Scientific Achievement Award (Berson posthumously), and two years later Yalow received a Nobel Prize for their joint work on the radioimmunoassay (Nobel prizes cannot be awarded posthumously).

</doc>
<doc id="6006857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006857" title="Frank País Airport">
Frank País Airport

Frank País Airport is an international airport that serves the city of Holguín in Cuba. It bears the name of Cuban revolutionary Frank País.
History.
January 1, 1943 the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) set up postal operations for Levisa Bay using Army Post Office, Miami with the address: 4910 APO MIA.
Holguín Air Base.
The airport is headquarters to the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces Eastern Command. The airport is also the base for a fighter training centre of the 3710th Interceptor Squadron and Training
The base is home to several Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21BIS and UM aircraft. It is also home to a general purpose transport squadron using Mil Mi-17 (4-6) helicopters, stored at one end of the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="6006861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006861" title="All Roads Lead Home">
All Roads Lead Home

All Roads Lead Home is a feature film released on September 26, 2008. Directed by Dennis Fallon, it stars Peter Boyle, Patton Oswalt, Jason London, Vivien Cardone, Vanessa Branch, Peter Coyote, Stephen Milton, and Allan Kayser.
The movie was filmed in and around Kansas City, Missouri. The movie made its World Premiere January 27 at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival. The film has also recently been in several film festivals, and has received bad reviews.
Peter Boyle died before the movie's release. It was the last movie he appeared in.
Plot.
The story is about a 12-year-old girl, Belle, who loses her mother in a car accident. She is sent to her grandfather's for releasing all of the kennel dogs where her father works. When all the animals start to get sick and die in Belle's hometown, her father's veterinarian girlfriend struggles to find out what is killing the healthy animals. When Belle's father and his girlfriend visit, Belle's dog attacks the grandfather's farmhand Basham. Because Belle is now running the farm, she decides the dog should be put to death because that is what she learned on the farm. She learns this after running away with one of her grandpa's horses, two puppies, and the dog she will later decide to euthanize. She almost dies while running away in the middle of a torrential downpour when she slips and falls and goes unconscious on a pair of railroad tracks while a train approaches. Luckily, Basham saves her. When the dog is about to die, It is discovered that the food Basham was carrying contained a lethal mold that was killing the animals. The vet goes to the factory where the food was made and fixes the problem, ending the dog epidemic. Then, Belle's rich grandpa has an inn turned into a no-kill animal shelter. And they all lived happily ever after.
References "To Kill A Mockingbird".

</doc>
<doc id="6006866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006866" title="La dolce vita (song)">
La dolce vita (song)

"La dolce vita" ("The good life") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed in Finnish (despite the Italian of the title) by Anneli Saaristo. The song was conducted by Ossi Runne, who retired after this Contest (conducting 22 Finnish entries).
The song was performed 14th on the night, following Austria's Thomas Forstner with "Nur ein Lied" and preceding France's Nathalie Pâque with "J'ai volé la vie". At the close of voting, it had received 76 points, placing 7th in a field of 22, Finland's best result in the Contest until 2006.
The song is sung from the perspective of a person looking back at her life and coming to the conclusion that she has lived well and has no regrets. Saaristo also recorded the song in English under the same title; "La Dolce Vita".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1990 Contest by Beat with "Fri?".

</doc>
<doc id="6006907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006907" title="Louis Aura">
Louis Aura

Louis Aura is a 16,000-ton cruise ship built in 1968 at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremerhaven, West Germany. The ship has twelve decks, eight of which are accessible to passengers. As currently configured she can accommodate 876 passengers in 349 cabins, of which 336 are staterooms and 56 are suites. She is currently operating cruises in the eastern Mediterranean.
From 1968 until 1995, the "Louis Aura" was operated by Norwegian Cruise Lines as the "Starward", and was their first purpose-built ship along with her near identical sister, the "Skyward". The M/S "Starward" was featured in the 1975 movie "Peeper" starring Natalie Wood and Michael Caine. After 1995, she was operated as the "Bolero" by Greek line Festival Cruises until the company's collapse in 2004 when she was purchased for $9.5 million by Abou Merhi Lines and received a $10–$15 million renovation.
In November 2005 the ship was repositioned in Dubai to begin what was an unsuccessful Persian Gulf cruise program, providing the first luxury cruise line service between Dubai and Gulf Cooperation Council countries. The ship was then positioned in Beirut and scheduled to begin a 2006 cruise season in the Mediterranean Sea. In November 2006, she was supposed to begin service from Port Canaveral, Florida, operated by Paradise Caribbean Cruise Line.
In July 2006, the "Louis Aura" was used to help evacuate United States citizens from Lebanon because of the ongoing conflict with Israel. The "Louis Aura" was escorted by the "USS Gonzalez", a U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer, and the "USS Barry". It took the evacuees to the port of Larnaca in Cyprus.
In August 2006, the "Louis Aura" was sold to Louis Cruise Lines of Cyprus and operated cruises under the name of "Orient Queen".
In 2012 and 2013 the Louis Aura, named as "Orient Quen", has sailed to the Greek Isles from Limassol, Cyprus and Piraeus, Greece. Under the flag of Malta, the ship was owned and operated by the cyprus-based company Louis Cruises.
For the summer season of 2014, the ship will execute 3/4/5/6 & 7 day cruises to the Greek isles departing from Limassol, Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="6006914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006914" title="List of school districts in South Carolina">
List of school districts in South Carolina

This is a list of school districts in South Carolina, sorted alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="6006918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006918" title="Brooks Thompson">
Brooks Thompson

Brooks James Thompson (born July 19, 1970) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Orlando Magic in the 1st round (27th overall) of the 1994 NBA Draft. A guard from Texas A&M University and Oklahoma State University, Thompson played in four NBA seasons for five different teams. He played for the Magic, Utah Jazz, Denver Nuggets, Phoenix Suns and New York Knicks.
Thompson attended Littleton High School in Littleton, Colorado. Thompson was named the Colorado player of the year in 1989 and lead Littleton to 24-0 record and the state 4A title.
In his NBA career, Thompson played in 168 games and scored a total 760 points. On November 26, 1996, as a member of the Nuggets, he scored a career high 26 points against the Suns.
He also played for a few games in the Greek league for Iraklis Thessaloniki.
On April 19, 2006, Thompson was named head coach of the men's basketball team of the University of Texas at San Antonio.
On November 15, 2009, Thompson and UTSA defeated The University of Iowa. It was UTSA's first ever win versus a Big Ten Conference school.
On March 16, 2011, Thompson guided UTSA to the school's first ever NCAA Tournament win when the Roadrunners defeated Alabama State 70-61.

</doc>
<doc id="6006927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006927" title="Sylvan Lake (South Dakota)">
Sylvan Lake (South Dakota)

Sylvan Lake, known as the "crown jewel" of Custer State Park, is located in the Black Hills of South Dakota. Created in 1881 when Theodore Reder built a dam across Sunday Gulch, it offers picnic areas, rock climbing, small rental boats, swimming, and hiking trails. It is also popular as a starting point for excursions to Harney Peak and The Needles. A hotel was operated on the shore of the lake in the early 20th century (Postcard).
The lake was featured in Disney's 2007 film "". The film made the lake appear to be located directly behind Mount Rushmore when in reality it is actually five miles southwest of Mount Rushmore.

</doc>
<doc id="6006929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006929" title="Cop (film)">
Cop (film)

Cop is a 1988 film starring James Woods and Lesley Ann Warren. It is based on the book "Blood on the Moon" by James Ellroy. The screenplay was written by James B. Harris, who also directs. Harris and Woods co-produced the film.
Plot.
LAPD detective Sgt. Lloyd Hopkins (Woods) discovers the brutal murder of a young woman. Her body hangs over her bed, and her blood is splattered all over her apartment. Hopkins notices a great deal of feminist literature with titles like "Rage in the Womb" on her bookshelf. He also sees two classified ads for anonymous sexual encounters. When he returns home, his 8-year old daughter wakes up and begs him for a story. He launches into a profane description of one of his cases, much to the girl's delight. His wife orders him to stop, and they have an argument over the inappropriateness of his stories. Frustrated, he calls up his buddy Dutch Pelz (Durning), and they go on a stakeout, which culminates with Hopkins shooting the suspect. Hopkins asks Dutch to stay at the scene and file the paperwork so that he can take the suspect's voluptuous girlfriend home and have sex with her. 
Hopkins tracks down Joanie Pratt (Brooks) through the classified ads at the victim's apartment. Pratt is a washed-out actress who sells drugs and works as an escort to get by. She also hosts swinger parties, and the victim was planning on attending one of the parties to research a book. Back at the station, Hopkins opens a letter that was sent to the victim. It is a poem written in blood, which refers to "all the rest", making Hopkins think he is hunting a serial killer. He asks Dutch to get him all the files for unsolved murders of single women in the past 15 years. 
When he returns home, he finds a note from his wife explaining that she has taken their daughter and left. Pratt phones Hopkins, and he goes over to her place to have sex. After narrowing down the unsolved murders to a few cases, Hopkins summons Deputy Sheriff Delbert "Whitey" Haines (Haid) to a meeting and brusquely interrogates him about two suicides that took place on June 10 a year apart on his beat. Hopkins goes to Haines' apartment and discovers a wiretap which has captured Haines dealing drugs. 
In the process of canvassing feminist bookstores for leads, Hopkins visits one run by Kathleen McCarthy (Warren) who agrees to accompany him to a party at Dutch's house. Over the course of the evening, culminating in a long conversation back at McCarthy's house, she reveals a high school trauma where she was gang raped by a group of boys who were hostile towards her feminist poetry club. She reveals to Hopkins that an anonymous suitor has sent her flowers and a poem every year. Looking through her old yearbook, Hopkins is stunned to find a picture of Whitey and a male prostitute nicknamed Birdman whose name was mentioned on the surveillance tapes made at Whitey's apartment. 
When Birdman turns up dead in a motel room, the wall is smeared with blood, and the motto from McCarthy's high school is written in the stains. Hopkins returns to Whitey's apartment and surprises him as he comes home, carrying Birdman's police file. Whitey claims Birdman is his snitch, but Hopkins knows that Whitey was running drugs and male prostitutes through Birdman. He puts a gun to Whitey's head and gets him to confess to raping McCarthy with Birdman in high school. Whitey offers information on police corruption to get off the hook. Then, he tries to surprise Hopkins with a shotgun, but Hopkins kills him.
Dutch tells Hopkins to lay low while the mess he has created is sorted out. Pratt invites Hopkins over for sex, but when he gets there, she has been murdered and placed on the stove in the position that she last had sex with Hopkins. At the station, Hopkins and Dutch get McCarthy to go through the yearbook against a cross-reference of suspects. They are interrupted by their superior who suspends Hopkins. When Hopkins returns to the interrogation room, he sees that McCarthy has run to a phone booth across the street. She calls Bobby Franco, who was in the poetry club with her, warning him that Hopkins is dangerous and will suspect that he is the killer. She realized Franco has sent her the poems every year, and she refuses to believe that he could be a murderer. When Hopkins grabs the phone, she hears Franco threaten him and realizes that he is in fact the killer. Franco and Hopkins agree to meet at the high school, where they have a shootout in the gym. When Franco runs out of bullets, he taunts Hopkins, believing that he has to arrest him because he is a cop. Hopkins tells Franco "Well there's some good news and there's some bad news. The good news is you're right I'm a cop and I have to take you in. The bad news is I've been suspended and I don't give a fuck!", and he shoots Franco three times.
Critical reception.
The film opened to lukewarm receipts and reviews.
Linda Rasmussen of "Allmovie" gave the film three out of five stars and described the film as a "grim, brutally violent, darkly humorous modern-day film noir," whilst noting the film's "violent and exciting conclusion". Rasmussen also noted "Cop is completely absorbing because of Woods' chillingly effective performance. Few actors can make an amoral, clever, sardonic, and vicious character as appealing as Hopkins. As Hopkins, Woods combines complex contradictions with ease, showing the various sides of his character's personality. Cop, while singularly unpleasant is always insightful and fascinating."
Roger Ebert gave the film three out of four stars, writing "Anyone without a history of watching James Woods in the movies might easily misread "Cop." They might think this is simply a violent, sick, contrived exploitation picture, and that would certainly be an accurate description of its surfaces. But Woods operates in this movie almost as if he were writing his own footnotes. He uses his personality, his voice and his quirky sense of humor to undermine the material and comment on it, until "Cop" becomes an essay on this whole genre of movie. And then, with the movie's startling last shot, Woods slams shut the book. It's as if Woods and Harris watched a Dirty Harry movie one night and decided to see what would happen if Harry were really dirty."
The film was broadcast on February 10, 1989, on American TV and The Madison Courier gave the film a two out of four star rating in their film listings. The film was also broadcast on February 21, 1992, on American TV and Ludington Daily News gave the film a two out of four star rating in their listings.
Jay Boyar of Orlando Sentinel gave the film three out of five stars, under the conclusive headline ""Cop is Dirty Harry with a human touch.""
Janet Maslin, writing for the "New York Times," did not care for the movie, giving an overall mixed review, noting that "the plot leaves a lot to be desired, especially since it devotes no more than 30 seconds' thought to the killer's motive or his history," and that aspects were not believable, including some of the police work, all the scenes of Woods with his family, and those of Charles Durning professing feminist views. She felt the directing was "workmanlike and somewhat flat." She did praise Lesley Ann Warren for being "charming in an idiotic role," and James Woods for being "far and away the best thing" in the movie.
Rob Salem for "Toronto Star" reviewed the film upon its release, stating "The best thing that can be said of Cop is that it reunites three veteran screen cops - Woods, Charles Durning and Charles Haid, who previously served together (under happier circumstances) in The Choirboys over a decade ago. Of course, the performances aren't the problem here. No one could make sense of the movie's confused message - if in fact there is a message here to make sense of."
"The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" gave a favorable review and described the film as a "crackling good mystery-thriller, powered by the live-wire presence of James Woods in the title role." "Los Angeles Times" gave the film a favorable review too and stated "Cop represents a career high for James B. Harris, best known as Stanley Kubrick's early producer, who's directed infrequently but always provocatively over the years - if not always with success. Contributing to "Cop's" crisp, understated style is a standout supporting cast headed by Charles Durning, Michel Colombier's ominous, plaintive score and Gene Rudolf's carefully detailed realistic production design. "Cop" stirs up such a strong visceral appeal one can only hope that audiences will think about it after the lights go up."
"USA Today" gave the film a mixed review and stated "Despite lapses into predictability, Cop boasts brisk pacing and intriguing performances by Woods - is he getting more handsome? - and Lesley Ann Warren, who deserves better than the bizarro she plays here." Newsday (Long Island) also gave the film a favorable review.

</doc>
<doc id="6006934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006934" title="Fri?">
Fri?

"Fri?" ("Free?") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in Swedish (the first occasion that this language had been used in preference to Finnish) by Beat.
The song was performed 22nd (last) on the night, following Cyprus' Haris Anastasiou with "Milas Poli". At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing 21st in a field of 22.
The song consists of the band asking the question "which of us are free?" and defining this freedom as "free to think for ourselves". While no answer is ever given, the lyrics strongly imply that nobody experiences this freedom. Beat also recorded the song in Finnish and English, then under the titles "Vapaa?" and "Free" respectively.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1991 Contest by Kaija with "Hullu yö".

</doc>
<doc id="6006947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006947" title="Toyota TAA-1">
Toyota TAA-1

__NOTOC__
The Toyota TAA-1 (also referred to in the press as the TA-1) was a prototype general aviation aircraft substantially built and test flown by Burt Rutan's Scaled Composites under contract with Toyota. 
First flight of the aircraft took place at the Mojave Airport on May 31, 2002. The project was a joint effort of Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) and Toyota Motor Sales, USA, Inc (TMS) to determine if "Toyota's aerodynamics and low-cost production technologies could be applied to the small aircraft sector." Although Toyota announced the first flight, Company executives have remained relatively silent about the project, and many in the general aviation industry were unaware that the aircraft was even being built.
The first flight was the culmination of four years' design work by a team of 40 engineers, many formerly of Boeing and Raytheon, at TMS's Torrance, CA facilities under an entity referred to as Aviation Business Development Office (ABDO). Preliminary research and design was started by ISHIDA Aerospace, Inc. in Texas in the early 1990s and conceptual work completed during the mid-1990s under the guise of a small company created to keep the Toyota name isolated from the project at that stage. A Toyota official would only say, "We are studying the potential for a single-engine piston plane but there is not a lot we can say." Scaled Composites turned the Toyota engineers' design work into reality and hosted the flight test program at Mojave. Rutan, in a public address, called the aircraft "the aeronautical equivalent to the Lexus LS400." 
The prototype TAA-1 is a 4-place, single piston engine aircraft powered by an "engine produced by an outside manufacturer", according to Toyota, and presumably built by Textron Lycoming. (in the 1990s, Toyota attempted to adapt one of their Lexus engines for aviation purposes, but eventually shelved the project due to an industry downturn). The wing, as well as the fuselage, of the aircraft is carbon fiber, constructed in a one piece co-cured single-molded configuration. The fuselage was fabricated by Rocky Mountain Composites, Inc. using a proprietary fiber wetting and placement technique, the wings were produced by Radius Engineering, Inc. with a modified resin transfer molding process. The project was unique for Scaled Composites as never before had an aircraft been completed there using composite wing and fuselage structures that were designed and fabricated elsewhere.
The empty weight of the prototype was significantly beyond predictions and the unsubstantiated rumors within the industry are that the aircraft's performance during the test flight was below what was expected, and it does not appear that much flight test activity followed the initial flight. The prototype aircraft remains stored in a Scaled Composites hangar. A follow-on design, TAA-2, (substantially similar airframe with retractable landing gear, upgraded avionics and higher performance engine with constant speed propeller) was also envisioned however never made it to the prototype stage.
After several years of negotiation for a potential joint venture with the general aviation piston aircraft market leader of that time, interest in the TAA-1 declined after the initial flight test and that outside partnership development evaporated shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="6006952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006952" title="Yorkshire Cup (rugby union)">
Yorkshire Cup (rugby union)

The Yorkshire Cup is an English Rugby Football Union competition founded in 1878. It is organized by the Yorkshire Rugby Football Union and is open to all eligible clubs in the Yorkshire area. It was initially known as the Yorkshire Challenge Cup.
History.
In 1877, despite reservations within the Rugby Football Union, the committee of the Yorkshire County Football Club ( composed from the clubs of Bradford FC, Huddersfield FC, Leeds FC, Hull FC and York FC) sanctioned a knock-out tournament - the first of its kind in the UK. 
The notion of competing for a trophy appealed to the public of Yorkshire as much as it appalled the guardians of amateurism. The proceeds from the final were distributed among local charities. 
In the first season, 16 teams battled it out for the T'owd Tin Pot, with York eventually losing out to Halifax in the final.
The trophy itself is known as "T'owd Tin Pot", pronounced with a Yorkshire accent. Since the schism of 1895 which led to the formation of the Northern Rugby Football Union and the development of rugby league football, the cup has been competed for by clubs who remained with the Rugby Football Union.
According to the Hallmarks on the trophy it was made by Martin,Hall & Co. Sheffield and London, in 1877. It is made of Sterling Silver .925.
The trophy was won by Morley Rugby Club in the two seasons prior to the Second World War, and was kept "in a drawer under the secretary's bed" for the duration of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="6006959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006959" title="Nuphar advena">
Nuphar advena

Nuphar advena (spatterdock or yellow pond-lily) is a species of "Nuphar" native throughout the eastern United States, and just into the extreme south of Canada. It is similar to the Eurasian species "N. lutea", and is treated as a subspecies of it by some botanists, though differing significantly in genetics.
It is locally naturalized in Britain.
Medicinal and food uses.
Spatterdock was long used in traditional medicine, with the root applied to the skin and/or both the root and seeds eaten for a variety of conditions. The seeds are edible, and can be ground into flour. The root is edible too, but can prove to be incredibly bitter in some plants.

</doc>
<doc id="6006960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006960" title="Winslow Reef, Phoenix Islands">
Winslow Reef, Phoenix Islands

Winslow Reef is an underwater feature of the Phoenix Islands, Republic of Kiribati, 
located 200 km north-northwest of McKean Island at . It is the northernmost and westernmost feature of the Phoenix Islands, not counting the outlying Baker and Howland Islands. It has a least depth of 11 metres. The reef is about 1.6 km long east-west, and about half that wide. The bottom is pink coral and red sand. Winslow Reef is mentioned by Robert Louis Stevenson, who sailed over an area thought to be Winslow Reef in late 1889, but did not find it.
The reef was discovered by the whaler "Phoenix" in 1851, and the name of the whaler became attached to the entire group of islands. Perry Winslow was the master of the "Phoenix" on this voyage.
It is part of the Phoenix Islands Protected Area and is therefore a protected nature reserve.
The Winslow Reef borders the U.S. Howland-Baker EEZ. The PacIOOS mentions that Winslow Reef is "on the southeast boundary line of the EEZ".
It is not to be confused with Winslow Reef in the Cook Islands at .

</doc>
<doc id="6006965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6006965" title="In Reverse">
In Reverse

In Reverse is the seventh album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Volcano Entertainment in 1999.
Cover.
The upside-down cover of the album features an oil painting by artist Margaret Keane, and the liner notes are in reverse.
Release.
The album was met with little commercial success, but with very favorable reviews. Rolling Stone wrote that the "songs are such perfect little valentines that the production just brings them larger to life". Entertainment Weekly gave the album an A-, noting the "intriguing side trips into forests of thick guitar chords". CMJ wrote that the songs "transcend museum-quality affectation and exude a multitude of bittersweet charms.". Critic Stephen Thompson of The A.V. Club wrote that "In Reverse" "finds once again at his best", adding that "its 14 tracks are uniformly strong, with muscular rockers ("Split Personality," "Write Your Own Song") competing for attention with smooth, lush, sugary fare ("If Time Permits," the knockout ballads "Trade Places" and "Worse To Live"). Stephen Thomas Erlewine, of Allmusic, praised the record's "cavernous reverb", and wrote that "this rich music is a personal interpretation of lush chamber pop and psychedelia, giving a musical counterpart for lovely melancholy songs of heartbreak and disillusion". Jerry McCulley of Amazon.com wrote, "Epic in scope and harmonically intoxicating," adding, "this is an album by an artist measuring the distance between his reach and his grasp, his good sense and self-indulgence, his confidence growing with every back-to-the future track."
Details.
The song, "Faith in You", was featured in the film, "Drive Me Crazy". For the 10-minute closing song, "Thunderstorm", Sweet combined three bass guitar lines, and other selections, such as "If Time Permits", hint of sound/song reversal as implied in the album's title.
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="6007002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007002" title="Hullu yö">
Hullu yö

"Hullu yö" ("Crazy night") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1991, performed in Finnish by Kaija.
The song was performed sixteenth on the night (following Israel's Duo Datz with "Kan" and preceding Germany's Atlantis 2000 with "Dieser Traum Darf Niemals Sterben"). At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 20th in a field of 22.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman who had a one-night stand with a man. Despite both of them claiming that this was all the relationship was, she sings that she wants to spend more time with him. Kaija also recorded the song in English and - very unusually - Italian, then under the titles "One More Lonely Night" and "Una notte folle" (translated: "A Crazy Night") respectively.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1992 Contest by Pave Maijanen with "Yamma, yamma".
This song can be found on Kaija Kärkinen's 1991 album "Mustaa vettä".

</doc>
<doc id="6007007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007007" title="Women in the Bible">
Women in the Bible

There are 188 named women in the Bible, and many others that are left unnamed. Among these women are prominent queens, prophetesses, and leaders. Before and during Biblical times, the roles of women were almost always severely restricted. Because biblical stories were written about important events, most of the people in the Bible, including women, usually have extreme personalities. According to classicist Edith Hamilton, the Bible is the only book in the world up to our century which looks at women as human beings, no better and no worse than men. 
Hebrew Bible (Old Testament).
The Hebrew Bible (also called Tanakh in Judaism, Old Testament in Christianity and Taurat/Tawrah in Islam) is the basis for both Judaism and Christianity, and a cornerstone of Western culture. The views of women presented in the Hebrew Bible are complex and often ambivalent. Through its stories and its elaboration of statutes, the "Hebrew Bible's views on women" have helped shape gender roles and define the legal standing of women in the West for millennia. This influence has waned somewhat as Western culture has become progressively more secular, beginning at the Enlightenment.
Eve and Genesis.
Creation narratives.
The creation of Adam and Eve is narrated from somewhat different perspectives in and . The Genesis 1 narration declares the purpose of God, antedating the creation of the sexes. It has been called the "non-subordinating" view of woman. God gave the human pair joint responsibility and "rulership" over his creation.
The Fall of humanity.
Eve's weakness has sometimes been blamed for causing Adam's fall, and thus for humanity's fall into original sin. This claim was made during the Middle Ages and is disputed in John Milton's classic epic, "Paradise Lost."
Old Testament views on gender.
Edith Hamilton again, considering the position of women, wrote that the Old Testament "writers" considered them just as impartially as they did men, free from prejudice and even from condescension. However, it cannot be said that the society and culture of Old Testament times were consistently favorable to women.
The accounts of Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden have been the subjects of considerable sociological and anthropological debate regarding the patriarchal family order, male dominance and female oppression. These debates have been used as a justification for the subordination of women and "for the rejection of Genesis as a source for male chauvinism."
There is a male bias and a male priority generally present in both the private life and public life of women. However, it never becomes absolute. In the Decalogue (Ten Commandments) of , aspects of both male priority and gender balance can be seen. In the tenth commandment, a wife is depicted in the examples not to be coveted: house, "wife," male or female slave, ox or donkey, or 'anything that belongs to your neighbour.' (NIV) On the other hand, the fifth commandment does not make any distinction between honor to be shown to parents. This is consistent with the mutual respect shown for both parents throughout the Old Testament.
According to other writers, the Bible rarely describes the average woman, "as if all the women in the ancient world had been saints, whores, or invisible."
New Testament.
Jesus' interactions with women.
According to New Testament scholar Dr. Frank Stagg and classicist Evelyn Stagg, the synoptic Gospels of the canonical New Testament contain a relatively high number of references to women. The Staggs find no recorded instance where Jesus disgraces, belittles, reproaches, or stereotypes a woman. These writers claim that examples of the manner of Jesus are instructive for inferring his attitudes toward women and show repeatedly how he liberated and affirmed women.
Paul of Tarsus on women.
The statements by and attitude of Paul of Tarsus concerning women is an important element in the theological debate about Christianity and women due to the fact that Paul was the first writer to give ecclesiastical directives about the role of women in the Church. However, there are arguments that some of these writings are post-Pauline interpolations.
Apostle Peter on women.
Submission to husband:
Women as weaker partner:

</doc>
<doc id="6007014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007014" title="Edward T. Chambers">
Edward T. Chambers

Edward T. Chambers was the executive director of the Industrial Areas Foundation from 1972 to 2009, a community organizing group founded by Saul Alinsky. He is credited with developing systematic training of organizers and leaders of congregation-based community organizations, and establishing relational meetings (or "one-on-ones") as a critical practice of organizers. He is the author of "Roots for Radicals: Organizing for Power, Action, and Justice" (Continuum International Publishing Group, 2003, ISBN 0-8264-1499-0.

</doc>
<doc id="6007022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007022" title="Berthold Grünfeld">
Berthold Grünfeld

Berthold Grünfeld (22 January 1932 – 20 August 2007) was a Norwegian psychiatrist, sexologist, and professor of social medicine at the University of Oslo. He was also a recognized expert in forensic psychiatry, often employed by Norwegian courts to examine insanity defense pleas.
Biography.
Grünfeld was born in Bratislava in what was then Czechoslovakia. In 1939, when he was seven, he and 34 other Jewish children were separated from their families in an attempt by Nansenhjelpen to rescue them from the early manifestations of the Holocaust. The group of children was sent by train to Norway via Berlin, after having been told they would never again see their parents.
Once in Norway, Grünfeld was first placed at the Jewish children's home in Oslo, then lived as a foster child with a Jewish family in Trondheim before returning to the orphanage. During the occupation of Norway, Grünfeld avoided capture and deportation by fleeing with members of the Norwegian Resistance in 1942 to neutral Sweden, where he stayed until the war ended. He returned to the children's home in 1946. The Jewish community funded his education.
Berthold Grünfeld earned his medical degree in 1960, when he also met his future wife Gunhild. He was awarded his doctorate in medicine in 1973 based on a dissertation on abortion. In 1993, he was made professor of social medicine at the University of Oslo. 
Grünfeld was noted for his academic contributions within sexology, on the issues of abortion and euthanasia, and within forensic psychology. In addition to his advocacy and teaching, he acted as an expert witness in criminal cases, and as a consultant on human relations and sexology for "Oslo Helseråd". His dissertation influenced the reform of abortion laws in Norway.
Grünfeld and his wife had three children and six grandchildren. In 2005, his daughter Nina Grünfeld made a film, "Origin Unknown", about her efforts to research her father's background and heritage. Among other things, she found that his mother had worked as a prostitute and was murdered in the death camp at Sobibor.

</doc>
<doc id="6007032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007032" title="Trail of Broken Treaties">
Trail of Broken Treaties

The Trail of Broken Treaties (also known as the Trail of Broken Treaties Caravan and the Pan American Native Quest for Justice ) was a cross-country protest in the United States by American Indian and First Nations organizations that took place in the autumn of 1972. It was designed to bring attention to American Indian issues, such as treaty rights, living standards, and inadequate housing.
The eight organizations sponsoring the caravan included the American Indian Movement, the National Indian Brotherhood (a Canadian organization), the Native American Rights Fund, the National Indian Youth Council, the National American Indian Council, the National Council on Indian Work, National Indian Leadership Training, and the American Indian Committee on Alcohol and Drug Abuse. 
In Minneapolis, a Twenty-Point Position paper was drawn up.
The caravan began on the west coast of North America in October, with protesters traveling by car, bus, and van. It reached its destination—Washington, D.C.—in early November (the week before the day of the presidential election). The Nixon Administration refused to meet with the protesters to receive the Twenty-Point Position paper, creating a conflict that culminated with the takeover of the Bureau of Indian Affairs building by participants. Ultimately the stand-off ended, with the federal government making concessions to the protesters, and including further treaty negotiations.
Summary of the Twenty-Point Position Paper.
The following is a summary of the Twenty-Point Position Paper that was drawn up by the American Indians, including Hank Adams and Carter Camp, who were participating in the Trail of Broken Treaties. The paper was meant to reestablish the sovereignty of the Indian Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="6007066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007066" title="Diane Youdale">
Diane Youdale

Diane Youdale (born 13 February 1970 in Billingham, County Durham), is an English television personality, who is best known for her role as "Jet" on the television series "Gladiators." 
Biography.
Born in Billingham to an astronomer father, Youdale studied at the Billingham Campus School.
Youdale competed in gymnast events and was North of England Junior Gymnastics Champion for four years. She acted with the National Youth Theatre. She studied dance at London Contemporary School for Dance and was a member of the National Youth Dance Company. She also worked at Farnham Sports Centre before getting her big television break.
Gladiators.
Youdale's first television appearance was in the series "She-Wolf of London." She appeared on "Gladiators" from 1992 to 1996, leaving the show after hurting her back in a fall in an unaired show, her last domestic series was series 4 in 1995. She was competing on the pyramid and fell awkwardly as she tackled a contender, trapping nerves in her neck. As a consequence of her injury, the pyramid was suspended for one series and a change in the rules was necessitated (which was later adopted for the 2008 revival of the American series).
Later career.
Youdale developed her young fan base, becoming a children's television presenter as ""The Games Mistress"" on the video game show series "Games World," and as a presenter on the game show series' "You Bet!" & "Finders Keepers."
A bulimic in her teenage years, Youdale trained as a psychotherapist and Pilates instructor. In April 2007 she appeared on the Trisha Goddard show on Five and in September 2007 she was correctly identified as a Gladiator on the BBC2 quiz show "Identity." She also appeared on the Irish TV show "The Cafe."
On 2 July 2008 it was announced that Sky have plans to do several years of the revival of hit show Gladiators. Diane Youdale, following an interview with Loaded magazine quotes that "Sky reckon they're going to run it for three to four years so I've said to them why not wait until the last ever episode and then I make my comeback then?" she commented. However that will all depend on how well the show does in the ratings.
On 23 September 2008, she joined BBC Tees to start co-presenting the station's weekday 10.00am - 1.00pm programme with Neil Green. She has a long association with the Middlesbrough-based station, her dad Jack Youdale having been the 'in-house' astronomer for its two previous incarnations, BBC Radio Teesside and BBC Radio Cleveland from the start of transmissions the same year Diane was born (31 December 1970).
Youdale appeared on Russell Howard's Good News in December 2010 as a mystery guest.
She appeared on the 19 April 2012 episode of "Celebrity Juice".
She appeared on the 2013 series of "Celebrity Big Brother's Bit on the Side".
Personal life.
Youdale married and resided for a period in the London area as she trained in psychotherapy. After separation and divorce, Diane spends her time between North East England and Surrey where she works as a psychotherapist and is launching her own EQ company Soul Dynamics. She enjoys long walks, exercising and is a keen surfer.

</doc>
<doc id="6007068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007068" title="Mean Johnny Barrows">
Mean Johnny Barrows

Mean Johnny Barrows is a 1976 film. It stars Fred Williamson, who also directed the film; Elliott Gould; James Brown (not the singer); and Roddy McDowall also star.
Story.
Johnny Barrows (played by Fred "The Hammer" Williamson) is dishonorably discharged from the army for punching out a fellow officer. Shipped back home to Spiddal, Johnny promptly gets mugged and hauled in by some racist cops for being drunk. Unable to secure gainful employment, Johnny finds himself on the soup line (with a cameo from Elliott Gould) and down on his luck. 
Walking into an Italian restaurant hoping for a handout, he's offered a job by Mafiosi Mario Racconi (Stuart Whitman) and his girlfriend Nancy (Jenny Sherman) but Johnny turns him down. It seems that he's not slipped so far as to start doing odd jobs for the Mob. Eventually, Johnny lands a job at a gas station cleaning toilets and scrubbing floors for the mean penny-pinching Richard (R.G. Armstrong), who receives a beating for ripping off Barrows. 
Meanwhile, a Mafia war starts brewing between the Racconi family and the Da Vincis (the family, not the painter). Seems the Da Vinci family wants to bring in all kinds of dope and start peddling it to black kids. The Racconis, being an upstanding Mob family, wants no part of that on their streets. And so it goes, with the Racconi family wiped out in a treacherous double-cross, with only Mario left standing.
Nancy is kidnapped by the Da Vinci family and gets a message to Johnny claiming that she was made to do "terrible things". Brought to the brink by poverty, the Man constantly screwing him and his love for Nancy, Johnny agrees to become a hired killer for Mario to avenge the Racconis. And so the body count starts going up as Johnny in all his white-suited glory gets mean and starts killing his way through the Da Vinci family.
Additional Notes.
The structure of the film was previously used a year before on the film THE FARMER (which was shot in 1975, but released in 1977)

</doc>
<doc id="6007071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007071" title="Grace Kennedy (writer)">
Grace Kennedy (writer)

Grace Kennedy (1782–February 28, 1825) was a Scottish writer. She was the fourth daughter of Robert Kennedy of Pinmore, county Ayr, and Robina, daughter of John Vans Agnew, of Barnbarrow, county Galloway. She was born at Pinmore in Ayrshire, but at an early age moved to Edinburgh. She wrote novels of a religious tendency which were very popular in their day. By 1920, they were very little read. She is best known as the author of "Father Clement" (1823), an anti-Roman Catholic novel, which ran through some dozen editions and was translated into most of the languages of Europe. She was writing Philip Colville, a Covenanter's Story when she died. Her published works consist of:
A collection of her works in six volumes appeared at Edinburgh in 1827, and a German translation of them, "Sämmtliche Werke", in Bielefeld in 1838 and another one in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="6007079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007079" title="Yamma, yamma">
Yamma, yamma

"Yamma, yamma" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed in Finnish by Pave Maijanen.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Iceland's Heart 2 Heart with "Nei eða já" and preceding Switzerland's Daisy Auvray with "Mister Music Man". At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 23rd (last) in a field of 23. 
The song is in praise of listening to "valve radio", with Maijanen likening it to a stadium with "a hundred musicians inside it". The unusual subject matter and title have contributed to the song becoming something of a favourite among Contest fans. Maijanen also recorded the song in English under the same title; "Yamma-yamma".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1993 Contest by Katri Helena with "Tule luo".
During the ESC 2010 semi-final voting session "Yamma Yamma" was included in a medley presenting some "funniest bottoms".

</doc>
<doc id="6007085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007085" title="Tachibana clan (samurai)">
Tachibana clan (samurai)

"This article is about the Tachibana (立花) samurai clan. For the Tachibana (橘) court noble family、see Tachibana clan (kuge)."
The Tachibana clan (立花氏) was a Japanese clan of daimyo (feudal lords) during Japan's Sengoku and Edo periods. Originally based in Tachibana castle in Kyūshū, the family's holdings were moved to the Yanagawa Domain in the far north-east of Honshū in the Edo period.
The clan, which bore no direct relation to the Tachibana clan of the Heian period, originated with Ōtomo Sadatoshi (d. 1336), who took on the name and assigned it to the family of Ōtomo vassals who held Tachibana castle. For a time, the Tachibana served as loyal retainers under the Ōtomo clan, regularly battling the Shimazu, rivals to the Ōtomo. In the mid-16th century, a conflict between Ōtomo Akitoshi and Ōtomo Sōrin led to the former splitting from the family, and taking the name Tachibana Dōsetsu.
Dōsetsu had no sons, and nominated his daughter, Tachibana Ginchiyo, to succeed him. Shortly afterwards, she would marry Takahashi Munetora, a vassal of Toyotomi Hideyoshi, who helped defeat the Shimazu in Hideyoshi's Kyūshū Campaign. Upon inheriting the clan leadership, Takahashi took a new name, and became known as Tachibana Muneshige.
Muneshige then fought for Hideyoshi in the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592-1598), and was granted the "han" (fief) of Yanagawa (Chikugo Province, 132,000 "koku"), the land surrounding Tachibana castle. He fought against the Tokugawa, however, during the decisive Battle of Sekigahara of 1600, and was dispossessed of his holdings when the Tokugawa shogunate was established.
Ultimately, he proved his loyalty to the shogunate in 1611, and was granted a fief in Mutsu Province, far from Kyūshū. This fief, the Tanakura Domain, was only worth 20,000 "koku", but when the Tanaka family holding Tachibana castle and Yanagawa died out, due to a lack of heirs, the Tachibana were restored to their old territory. Their income remained around 20,000 "koku", however. Holding onto this fief continuously through the rest of the Edo period, the Tachibana were granted the title of "Hakushaku" (Count) during the Meiji period, when the feudal system and samurai class were abolished.
Meanwhile, Muneshige's younger brother, Takahashi Munemasu (1573-1617), fell into much the same situation. His domain was reduced from 18,000 "koku" to 5000 as a result of his opposition to the Tokugawa at Sekigahara. He changed his name to Tachibana Naotsugu, and passed on the Miike Domain to his heirs. Tachibana Takachika, one of that line, was awarded the government post of "wakadoshiyori", gaining power and prestige for the clan even though he was soon demoted to "hatamoto". This branch of the family was granted the title of Viscount following the Meiji Restoration.
Three tales surround Ginchiyo's life as a samurai. One states that she summoned Toyotomi Hideyoshi to her home and scared him witless by the sight of her heavily armed maids. A second tale states that she was equipped to defend her home with her maids whilst her husband was away. The third takes place after Sekigahara and the Eastern Army reportedly began to march towards her doorstep. She faced them whilst dressed in armor and many of her enemies were said to have felt threatened by the sight. However, there is little historical evidence to validate any of these events and some historians believe that these stories are romanticized fables from the Edo period.

</doc>
<doc id="6007087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007087" title="Speedera Networks">
Speedera Networks

Speedera Networks, founded in 1999, was a content delivery network (CDN) company that emerged in the late 1990s to advance technology applications for Internet communications and collaboration and became the first CDN to turn a profit.
A CDN is a distributed computing platform for global Internet content and application delivery, and some of the advantages it brought to the Internet and online users was dynamic imaging, flash video, faster website download times, increased site performance and improved business continuity and uptime. Speedera added a layer of security to Web sites, resulting in reduction of risk of distributed denial-of-service attacks and bandwidth hijacking.
History.
A provider of distributed application hosting and content delivery services, Speedera was founded by Ajit Gupta (CEO), Rich Day (chief architect), and Eric Swildens (CTO). The company was based in Santa Clara, California. Speedera opened its second headquarters in Bangalore, India in 2002 to offer 24x7 operations and customer support as well as sales, marketing and additional R&D capacity. Investors backing Speedera included Stanford University and Trinity Ventures.
Despite the end of the dot-com bubble in 2000 and a large number of competitors (30-plus at that time), Speedera had patented technology, a significant cost advantage and a customer focused sales philosophy that enabled the company to survive the economic downturn and grow rapidly enough to eventually achieve a profitable annual revenue run rate of $60 million. In 2003 and 2004, both Deloitte & Touche and PricewaterhouseCoopers recognized Speedera as one of the top 10 fastest growing private companies in Silicon Valley and in North America.
The company initially was created to cache static Web content through its vast network and direct users to the optimum server through intelligent traffic management and quickly transformed itself to deliver dynamic imaging, rich dynamic content and accelerated Web applications using the same platform.
Speedera enabled companies to offer bandwidth-intensive content, graphics, and streaming media over the Web. It operated servers on more than 1,000 backbone networks in the Americas, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, putting the content physically closer to users, and speeding up downloads and streaming. Speedera built its network to more than 100 points-of-presence (PoPs) within ata centers in 20 countries.
Speedera at acquisition had more than 400 customers, including large companies. They included Fox Broadcasting Corporation, Amazon.com, Apple, Sony Music Entertainment, Nokia, Comcast, NASA, the European Space Agency, Walmart, Bank of America, Lowes, The U.S. Department of Homeland Security, The Weather Channel, Nissan, NPR, iFilm, Atom Shockwave, Univision, Sirius Satellite Radio, the National Hockey League, the U.S. National Guard, Hoovers, Tag Heuer, Oracle, Microsoft, Cisco, Verizon, Yahoo, Intuit, Intel, AMD, Macromedia, McAfee, Network Associates, Symantec, RSA Security, Inc., Hewlett-Packard, Intel, Softbank, Sify, Satyam, Rediff and The Times of India.
Channel partners included HP Services, Internap, Softbank Broadmedia/Club IT, Hitachi, AboveNet, and Inflow (Sungard).
Services.
Speedera's services included streaming media, content delivery, failover, load balancing, security, visibility and management services, all based on its Global Traffic Management (GTM) platform and patented technology.
In 2005, Speedera announced FlexComputing. FlexComputing enabled enterprises to rapidly deploy and update applications as needed in multiple hosting locations. FlexComputing represented the third stage of utility computing, a field in which Speedera had been a pioneer since its founding in 1999. The first stage entailed distributed caching of Web site content, particularly graphical objects. The next stage extended this model to downloadable media, video streaming files and whole site delivery. FlexComputing tooks the model one step further, to the third stage, by deploying customers` own applications on Speedera's global network and providing additional hosting capacity on demand for any distributed application running on an Intel platform. This distributed hosting solution enabled customer applications to be higher performing, more scalable, more reliable and more resistant to security attacks, while eliminating the need for customers to invest in added server and network infrastructure.
Patents.
Speedera was issued 21 patents ranging from load balancing to integrated point of presence (PoP) server networks. Twelve of those were issued to co-founder and CEO Ajit Gupta. These patents included:
Company.
Notable Events.
Speedera hosted some of the largest trafficked events on the Internet in its time including NASA's twin Mars Rover mission, and China's annual Spring Festival. The company also created SpeedRank, an Internet Performance Index that compared performance and availability of the world's best and least performing web sites, which included download summaries, details and errors.
Speedera launched a number of technology firsts in the Content Delivery Network market category including: Site Analyzer, Whole Site Delivery, Secure Streaming, Secure Flash, Failover, Traffic Balancer, Origin Site Integration, SpeedEye Access Manager, Smart Storage Manager and SinoCDN (a joint CDN with China).
Speedera's category-defining set of services included:
As a reward for performance, the entire staff of Speedera was flown to Hawaii in 2003. In 2005, the entire staff and their families, based in Bangalore and Silicon Valley, were also flown to Hawaii.
In February 2002, Akamai Technologies filed a lawsuit claiming that Speedera's content delivery network services infringed on Akamai patents.
In June 2002, Speedera's three co-founders received covering the global traffic management and content delivery technologies of its network.
In March 2005, Speedera Networks was acquired by Akamai (NASDAQ: AKAM) for a stock transaction worth about $130 million. The acquisition was completed in June 2005.
Investors.
Speedera Networks was a privately held company funded by leading Silicon Valley companies, venture capitalists, a world-class university and others including: 
Philanthropy.
In 2003, CEO Ajit Gupta established a "Giving Back" philanthropy program for Speedera that provided free Internet infrastructure services to not-for-profit organizations, including Unicef.org, Goodwill Industries International, Autism.org, and the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
In response to the deadly Christmas Tsunami of 2004 in the Indian Ocean, Speedera assisted UNICEF and other relief and recovery organizations by allocating a percentage of its infrastructure at no cost to ensure the expansion and availability of their websites to accept contributions and help victims and other families communicate with each other. It also provided pro bono services to a number of other organizations working towards a worthy cause.
References.
9 ^ "Speedera Networks Again Rated One of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in Silicon Valley" Hostbyte.com 2004-10-15
10 ^ "Staff Motivation? Take Them to Hawaii" Rediff 2005-06-04
11 ^ "All Work...and More Play" The Hindu Business Line 2005-06-13
12 ^ "Now Sales Being Outsourced to India" Rediff 2004-09-11

</doc>
<doc id="6007108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007108" title="Lockdown (film)">
Lockdown (film)

Lockdown is a 2000 drama film, starring Richard T. Jones, Clifton Powell, David "Shark" Fralick and Master P.
Plot.
Avery Montgomery (Jones) is taking time off from college to spend time with his girlfriend Krista (Melissa De Sousa), and help raise their young son. Despite the lack of black swimmers, Avery develops to a championship level, and as a result of a particularly impressive win he gets the opportunity for a possible scholarship.
Cashmere (Casseus), happens to be one of Avery's best friends since childhood. Despite the fact that their personalities and lifestyles are quite different, Avery being a levelheaded straightedge that stays out of trouble. The trio have been friends since childhood.
Earlier in the day before the swim meet, Cashmere had a run-in with Broadway, another dealer who works under Cashmere in the hierarchy. Cashmere is expected to bring back five $10 rocks. $50 is also expected or else he gets beat up or killed. Broadway happened to be short in his return and it angered Cashmere, who proceeds to knock out Broadway, kick him down a flight of metal stairs, and pulls out a gun to assert his power.
Broadway, knowing he can't fight a gun, gives up and runs off, but vows to get revenge and, after an attempted robbery later in the day where he shoots and kills a young girl at a drive through, he wipes off the gun and tosses it into the backseat of Cashmere's open convertible when he is out of the car, which looks similar enough to his for a mistaken identity case.
After the swim meet, Cashmere and Dre, who were there to cheer him on, convince Avery to come out and celebrate his big victory with them but he just wants to spend some time with Krista instead. However, she tells him to go out and he changes his mind before hops in the car and they drive off. At a certain point, Dre, who is riding in the backseat, finds the gun, and questions Cashmere about violating their unwritten rule. Cashmere has no idea what he is talking about, and the three men realize that they have a strange gun, in their possession, and had no idea where it came from and what it could have been used for.
As they were arguing over how to get rid of it, some cops who spotted them and, thinking their car looked similar to Broadway's car, came up behind them and pulled them over. One of them, a female officer, orders them out of the car at gunpoint, which they comply to, but a few moments later Cashmere's pitbull runs toward the officer, who shoots him dead, in self-defense. Cashmere pulls out his gun in anger, and manages to cock it and point it at the officer before being shot in the shoulder and knocked down.
After being wrongfully convicted, the three are sent to the same medium security prison while serving a ten-year prison sentence for manslaughter (whilist Cashmere probably gets 30 years since he most likely also gets charged with attempting to murder a police officer). Each man experiences different events: Cashmere, who beats up and threatens his cellmate, Dre who is raped and turned to a prison sex slave by his psychotic cellmate named Graffiti (David "Shark" Fralick), who controls much of the prison's drug flow and is the leader of a neo-nazi gang, and Avery has a cellmate who is a man named Malachi Young (Clifton Powell) who is in jail for 18 years (probably for murder) and tries to take his anger out on him just like Cashmere but Malachi has the upper hand and pins him against the door before warning him that if he's bringing conflict to the cell, he's bringing it to him. Graffiti's rival, Clean Up (Master P) is another drug trafficker who Cashmere began to work for.
Meanwhile, Charles Pierce, the College Scout who Avery met on his fateful night, also happened to be an accomplished lawyer and knew without being told that Avery was wrongfully convicted and decided to help his release efforts. Avery was resentful and resistant at first, towards both Pierce and Krista (at one point yelling at her to never come back because it "would do them both better") but eventually accepted both their visitations and that they could only help. Graffiti finds two drug shells that he got from his two bisexual girlfriends in his cell toilet and he along with his gang are back in business but a corrupt guard named Perez warns them not to retaliate against Clean Up's gang. Graffiti and the gang kill Nuke anyway to which his dead body is found in the prison laundry room, and the warden orders a lockdown for 24 hours while on the next night, Dre tries to resist Graffiti but is overpowered and is raped by force of oral sex. One day, Dre shoots up heroin comes back to his cell to find an angry Graffiti waiting for him to return. Dre tries to strangle Graffiti while eventually starting to build some resistance. Graffiti, who's twice his size, eventually gets the upper hand back and starts to beat him up bad. Then Avery who happened to be on his way to see Dre, despite Malachi's warnings not to (because a bitch is property and you don't mess with another inmates property which can mean even the simple smalltalk Avery wanted) sees him getting beat to death and jumps in to protect him. Avery, who is strong, muscular and Graffiti's size, jumps on him and beats him to a pulp, but not before a bunch of Graffiti's guys jump on Avery and Malachi has to save him, beating up several of them and throwing one over the second floor railing onto a table.
Malachi, Avery, Graffiti, Dre and the others involved had to go to a disciplinary hearing, in which Malachi, in the ultimate act of unselfishness and sacrifice, after being allowed to go in first, even though he has almost nothing to do with most the incident, takes responsibility for the entire thing to spare Avery a dirty discipline record and assault charge, and then in an unexplained and unnecessary move, flies into a rage in front of the board, screaming and throwing chairs around the room and getting shipped out to a maximum security prison for his actions but at this point, Avery has gleaned enough that he can now be solo like Malachi and it won't be a huge loss for him. Avery then gets a new cellmate who tries the same greeting to Avery and Avery gives him the same response he got from Malachi and he becomes his mentor.
As the three friends move in their separate directions, they eventually get further and further apart. Cashmere grows under the protection and connections of Clean Up, even if in a negative way, and continues to sell for him. Avery grows under Malachi (who is very similar to him when he first started) who teaches him how to deal with being locked down and despite some setbacks, he adjusts relatively well. Dre is the worst off, being repeatedly raped by Graffiti. He starts to go on a mental and physical downslide, including, as an escape, continuing to shoot the heroin he got as a so-called "perk" of selling it for Graffiti, getting addicted beyond the point of no return, and eventually, Clean Up, who, like all prison traffickers, is looking to eliminate his rival and for somebody to do the dirty work, bribes the now-junkie into stabbing him to death for a bag. While he was in the middle of his murderous frenzy, Perez hits Dre so hard with his nightstick that he crushes his skull and kills him.
Meanwhile, somebody has been snitching and busting Clean Up's drug mules and he comes to the conclusion that Avery is the snitch (which is not true) but he assumes anyway and wants Cashmere to take care of him. During a riot in the prison yard (which happens to break out at the same time Charles Pierce brought prison officials a dying declaration from Broadway right before he hanged himself in prison doing his own time, which meant Avery's immediate release), Cashmere goes up to Avery and stabs him. Avery fights through the stab wound and tries to fight Cashmere off for his life. Cleanup, seeing he's not doing the proper job, stabs Cashmere in the back and tries to kill Avery himself. As he is now fighting off Cleanup, Cashmere, who still had love for Avery despite their differences inside, comes up behind Clean Up and stabs him to death.
Avery, after a minute of wondering if he could still trust him, realizes that it was all in the game and even though he didn't see the Broadway letter yet, realized inside that Cashmere (who he originally blamed for getting him locked up) didn't do anything either after all. Meanwhile, a guard named Barkley tries to order Cashmere to drop the shank. Cashmere, either because he somehow didn't hear it or just out of spite, keeps holding it. Just as he and Avery are about to embrace, a guard unloads a shot into his back on Barkley's order, killing him instantly.
Prison Officials get to Avery before anything else can potentially happen and he gets released into the waiting arms of Krista and his son.

</doc>
<doc id="6007130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007130" title="Tule luo">
Tule luo

"Tule luo" (English translation: "Come To Me") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed in Finnish by Katri Helena. This was Katri Helena's second Eurovision entry, in the 1979 contest she sang "Katson sineen taivaan" ("I Will Follow Starlight"), placing 14th in a field of 19.
The song was performed seventeenth on the night (following Slovenia's 1x Band with "Tih Deževen Dan" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Fazla with "Sva Bol Svijeta"). At the close of voting, it had received 20 points, placing 17th in a field of 25.
The song is a plea from the singer for someone (presumably a lover) to "come to me". She sings about the reasons this person should come to her, including that he or she will "bring a light to the dark night". The lyrics are notable for not containing any "Ö" or "Ä" sounds, as otherwise very common in the Finnish language. Katri Helena did not record "Tule luo" in any other language than Finnish.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1994 Contest by CatCat with "Bye Bye Baby".

</doc>
<doc id="6007136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007136" title="St. Baldrick's Foundation">
St. Baldrick's Foundation

St. Baldrick's Foundation is a childhood cancer charity funding research to help find cures for children with cancer. The name of the foundation is not associated with a recognized Saint of the Catholic Church, but is founded on word play and appropriation of the title of sainthood.
The Foundation raises money for childhood cancer research primarily through head-shaving events. Volunteers, sponsored by family, friends and employers, shave their heads in solidarity with children who typically lose their hair during cancer treatment. Events have taken place in all 50 US states and 28 countries. Since 2000, St. Baldrick's Foundation volunteers have organized nearly 4,200 head-shaving events and shaved over 190,500 heads, raising over $118 million for life-saving childhood cancer research.
The St. Baldrick’s Foundation became a non-profit organization in 2005 and makes grants to research organizations that meet stringent criteria and share the Foundation’s commitment to fiscal responsibility and emphasis on research. St. Baldrick’s research grants help fill crucial funding gaps at medical institutions where children are treated for cancer, ensuring the finest care for every child. Since 2005, St. Baldrick's has awarded over 100 Fellow and Scholar awards, to develop the childhood cancer research experts of tomorrow. St Albert the Great School in Louisville, Kentucky was the first school in the world to ever host an event, but they have since inspired schools worldwide to host further events.
The concept of St. Baldrick's was devised in 1999 by three Irish-American reinsurance executives from New York City, and grew from a single event to a nationwide effort in a relatively short period of time; it is now claimed to be the world's first and largest volunteer fundraiser for childhood cancer research. The founders decided to turn their St. Patrick's Day party into a benefit for pediatric oncology research by shaving their heads, thereby showing solidarity with children undergoing chemotherapy treatment. Therefore, the name of the Foundation is a play on the words Bald and Patrick - going bald on St. Patrick’s Day, led to St. Baldrick’s.
The St. Baldrick's Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit public charity.

</doc>
<doc id="6007143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007143" title="Erna Paris">
Erna Paris

Erna Paris is a Canadian non-fiction author born in Toronto.
After earning a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in Honours Philosophy and English, Paris moved to France for several years, where she continued her studies at the Sorbonne. She began her writing career in the 1970s as a magazine journalist and radio broadcaster/documentarist.
Paris is the author of seven books and the winner of twelve national and international prizes. She lives in Toronto with her husband Thomas M. Robinson, professor emeritus of Ancient Greek Philosophy and Classics at the University of Toronto. She has a daughter, Michelle, and a son, Roland.

</doc>
<doc id="6007145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007145" title="Hooded parrot">
Hooded parrot

The Hooded Parrot ("Psephotus dissimilis") is a species of parrot native to the Northern Territory in Australia. It is found in savannah and open woodland and is one of two extant species that breed in termite mounds. It has declined from much of its original range.
Taxonomy.
One of three species known as antbed parrots, the Hooded Parrot is closely related to (and sometimes considered a subspecies of) the Golden-shouldered Parrot ("Psephotus chrysopterygius"). A genetic study revealed its ancestors most likely diverged from ancestors of the latter species in the late Miocene or early Pliocene at the conclusion of the 'Hill Gap'.
Norwegian naturalist Robert Collett described the Hooded Parrot in 1898. Its species name is the Latin word "dissimilis" "different" and either refers to its sexual dimorphism or its different appearance from its closest relative. Black-hooded parrot is an alternative name.
Description.
The Hooded Parrot is a medium-sized parrot, up to 26 cm long, weighing 50 to 60 gms. The male has a black head, bluish-grey beak, dark-brown irises, and its wings have a yellow patch. Its upper-parts are brown, its lower parts are turquoise blue, its back is brown, the tail is olive green tipped pale blue, and its legs are pink-grey. The female is a dull-green parrot with a grey-brown head and pink undertail coverts. Juveniles are similar to the female.
The male Hooded Parrot can be distinguished from the similar looking male Golden-shouldered Parrot mainly by the absence of a pale frontal band, a larger yellow patch on the wings, and absence of the red on the abdomen. The female is very similar to the female Yellow-shouldered Parrot being identified by the absence of a pale frontal band and an absence of red on the abdomen.
Distribution and habitat.
An Australian endemic, the Hooded Parrot inhabits to semi-arid areas of northeast Northern Territory, and is separated from the Golden-shouldered Parrot by the Carpentarian faunal barrier.
Though this species has disappeared from most of its original range, it remains common in protected areas. The Hooded Parrot is evaluated as Least Concern on IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Behaviour.
The diet consists mainly of seeds, berries and vegetables.
The Hooded Parrot digs cavities in termite mounds. It generally chooses conical termite mounds, only successful in flat two dimensional mounds if it digs at the edge rather than on the face of the mound. Excavation takes around three weeks. The tunnel is roughly horizontal and around 50 to 80 cm long.
Breeding takes place once or twice a year between April and August. The female lays four or five white, slightly shiny eggs that are 21 long by 19 mm wide.
The Hooded Parrot has a close ecological relationship with the moth species "Trisyntopa neossophila". The female moth lays eggs in the parrot nesting cavity, so that the eggs hatch at the same time as the baby Hooded Parrots. The moth larvae live in small tunnels at the base of the cavity and emerge to eat the dark material of parrot feces, leaving the white uric acid deposits. They build a silk layer across the base of the cavity to protect themselves from chicks. They pupate in the cavity walls once the juvenile parrots leave the nest.
The goanna species "Varanus tristis" has been recorded raiding nests for eggs.
The termite mounds are vulnerable to damage by cattle in cattle-breeding areas, which threatens nesting sites. A flock of 28 immature birds perished after drinking water contaminated with tar at a tar spill by the side of the road.
Aviculture.
The Hooded Parrot breeds readily in captivity but it can be aggressive, which precludes keeping it in a mixed aviary with other parrot species. It became much more popular in capitivity in Australia in the 1980s. A yellow mutation has been bred.

</doc>
<doc id="6007156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007156" title="Rural letter carrier">
Rural letter carrier

Rural letter carriers are United States Postal Service and Canada Post employees who deliver mail in what are traditionally considered rural areas of the United States and Canada. Before Rural Free Delivery, rural citizens of the US and Canada had to go to the post office in the cities to get their mail. Rural Free Delivery was introduced nationwide in 1897, with the first small-scale experiments in limited communities having been approved in 1890.
Types of carriers.
The rural carrier work force is divided into the following categories of employees:
Regular carriers.
For administrative and reporting purposes, regular rural carriers who serve on an established rural route on the basis of triweekly, five, five-and-a-half, or six days in a service week, are considered full-time employees. (Designation Code 71)
Part-time flexible rural carriers.
Part-time flexible rural carriers (PTFs) are those substitutes or rural carrier associates appointed following an assignment posting. These employees provide service on regular and auxiliary routes as directed by management. (Designation Code 76)
Substitutes, associates and reliefs.
The following employees provide service on established regular and auxiliary rural routes in the absence of regular or auxiliary rural carriers. This service may be as leave replacement and/or covering vacant regular routes pending the selection of regular rural carriers, as an auxiliary assistant or as an auxiliary route carrier:
Auxiliary rural carriers.
Persons hired prior to 1981 to serve an auxiliary rural route without time limitation. (Designation Code 77)
Temporary relief carriers.
Temporary relief carriers (TRCs) are limited term, non-bargaining unit employees who provide service as a leave replacement or auxiliary assistant or provide coverage on auxiliary routes or vacant regular routes. The number of TRCs that may be hired within an area is limited to 15% of the total number of regular routes in that area. (Designation Code 70)
Labor union.
The National Rural Letter Carriers' Association was formed in 1903 at a cost of fifty cents per year in dues to its members. Since its inception, it has had an effective legislative program in the United States Congress to promote and protect the interests of rural carriers. In 1962, President John F. Kennedy signed executive order 10988 establishing employee-management cooperation in the federal service. Rural carriers selected the NRLCA as their agent, and they have held exclusive recognition to represent the rural carrier craft within the United States Postal Service ever since. The NRLCA negotiates all labor agreements for the rural carrier craft with the USPS, including salaries. Rural letter carriers are considered bargaining unit employees in the United States Postal Service. This means that there is a contract between the Postal Service and the NRLCA. Only NRLCA can represent members of the rural carrier craft in the grievance procedure, including providing protection in disciplinary actions.
To be able to join the NRLCA, one must first be employed by the USPS and work in the rural carrier craft as a rural carrier associate, substitute rural carrier, rural carrier relief, part-time flexible or regular carrier. Temporary relief carriers, under guidelines covered by article 7 of the NRLCA/USPS contract, are excluded from membership. Upon completion and processing of NRLCA form 1187, an official membership card is mailed, and the benefits of membership begin. NRLCA provides information and fellowship for its members at county, district, state and national meetings where all members may participate in a democratic process of developing association policy. The NRLCA provides a monthly publication, "The National Rural Letter Carrier", to keep its members informed on postal and legislative matters of vital interest.
Attire.
Rural carriers wear civilian clothes, not uniforms, while they deliver the mail. A minimal dress code is enforced, requiring cleanliness and a manner of dress that reflects a positive image of the Postal Service. Suggestive dress is prohibited. Proper footwear is required (no open toes or heels).
With national attention focusing on heightening security, rural carriers wear and display identification badges. ID badges are issued for security control of access to postal premises and operations and to identify individuals as USPS employees. An ID badge is provided to each rural carrier to be displayed during official duty hours.
Vehicle.
Rural carriers are responsible for furnishing all vehicle equipment necessary for safe and prompt handling of the mail, unless a USPS-owned/leased vehicle is assigned to the route. (If a USPS-owned/leased vehicle is assigned to the route, relief carriers may be requested, but not required, to furnish a vehicle during emergency situations). The vehicle is required to be large enough to accommodate the normal mail volume and constructed to protect the mail from loss or damage.
For each day servicing a route using a privately owned vehicle, the USPS pays an "Equipment Maintenance Allowance" (EMA) in accordance with the applicable schedule. The carrier receives EMA for each service day he reports to the Post Office, and is scheduled to perform delivery.
Advertisements of any kind and offensive slogans are prohibited from appearing on the vehicle and attire of the rural carrier.
In Canada, Canada Post has designated that rural mail routes with more than 330 rural mailboxes (RMB's) are designated right hand drive (RHD) routes. RHD vehicles used by Canada Post employees can be purchased with the help of a vehicle allowance from Canada Post or provided by Canada Post directly. Vehicle maintenance allowances are similar to those offered in the United States.
Payment.
In 1962, the NRLCA and Post Office negotiated their first contract under Executive Order 10988, and within it, the Heavy Duty Agreement, or Evaluated Pay System was instituted. Rural Carriers are paid a salary based on an evaluation of the route they deliver. Credit is given for all a carrier's duties and compensated accordingly. Adjustments to the annual salary may be made periodically as route situations change, such as the addition or deletion of territory or mileage. As an example, for every 12 houses with curbside service the route would be compensated for 24 minutes per week (4 minutes per day) along with associated time values for mail that is delivered or picked up, and mileage driven. The yearly salary range for most regular Rural Carriers on will vary between $40,000 and $65,000 depending on the route evaluation and longevity. Rural carriers cannot earn overtime pay except for short period during the Christmas season.
There are Cost of living adjustments and salary increases that are negotiated in each four year contract. There are 15 step increases in a Rural Carrier pay scale. It takes about 12 years for a Rural Carrier to max out at the top of the pay scale.
Relief carriers can be required to be trained on up to three routes. A relief carrier may be required to carry a route other than the primary route. The time would then be recorded on the PS Form 4240 for that route. PS Form 1234 Utility Card (commonly called green card) is used to record work hours when the carrier is doing miscellaneous duties or when attending training. Carriers will use more than one utility card if they work in more than one station. All times are compiled by the timekeeper and submitted for pay.

</doc>
<doc id="6007166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007166" title="Michel Rasquin">
Michel Rasquin

Michel Rasquin (19 September 1899 – 27 April 1958) was a Luxembourgish journalist and socialist politician, and European Commissioner.
Rasquin was born in Pétange, Luxembourg in 1899. After the Second World War he was the president of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party from 1945 to 1951.
He was a member of the Council of State, the advisory body, from December 1945 to July 1948. In June 1948 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg.
He was Mayor of Esch-sur-Alzette from 1949 to 1951.
From 1951 to 1958 he was a minister in the coalition governments of Pierre Dupong and Joseph Bech, with responsibility for the economy.
He was appointed Luxembourg's representative on the inaugural European Commission, the Hallstein Commission, which took office in January 1958. Rasquin had responsibility for the Transport portfolio, but died in April 1958 and was succeeded by Lambert Schaus.

</doc>
<doc id="6007184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007184" title="Pro-simplicial set">
Pro-simplicial set

In mathematics, a pro-simplicial set is an inverse system of simplicial sets.
A pro-simplicial set is called "pro-finite" if each term of the inverse system of simplicial sets has finite homotopy groups.
Pro-simplicial sets show up in shape theory, in the study of localization and completion in homotopy theory, and in the study of homotopy properties of schemes (e.g. étale homotopy theory).

</doc>
<doc id="6007190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007190" title="Sutton Grange, Victoria">
Sutton Grange, Victoria

Sutton Grange is a small country town located approximately 30 km south of Bendigo in Victoria, Australia.
It has a very small population of approximately 150 people, most of which consist of old sheep farming families. In the 1930s Sutton Grange was a prosperous little town bigger than those surrounding it today, but due to a large bushfire all establishments and housing was burnt to the ground, and only the land remained. 
Sutton Grange is now more widely known for its fine food and wine, boasting the "Sutton Grange Organic Farm" or "Holy Goat Cheese", "Colliers Fine Chocolates" and several successful wineries and Broad's Dairy. Sutton Grange is also known for its horse racing, hosting "Sutton Grange Winery/Stud" and its fine Merino wool, which is some of the best in Australia.
History.
Sutton Grange Post Office opened on 1 August 1865 and closed in 1970.
The 1930s bushfire was a tragic disaster for Sutton Grange. A once prosperous little town, with pubs, a butter factory, school, church and post office was burnt to ashes, and that brought an end to its prosperity. Still widely known as one of the best wool growing areas in Victoria, it also is home to some of Australia's best shearers. Wool growing families that keep this reputation as good as it is, are the Bartys, the Collisons, the Davises, the Barkers and the Bickfords. The Bartys are famous in the wool trade as having some of the best fine Merino wool in Australia.
The old school in Sutton Grange is now privately owned and last taught children in 1990. The beautiful "A" lined building is built out of granite from the Mount Alexander granite quarries, and is now heritage listed, similar relics can also be found close by, such as an old bridge, used back in the 30s, butter wells, from the old factory, and the post office's steps on a lawn owned privately by Ania and Piotr Zimon until 2007.
Trade.
The major commodities currently produced in Sutton Grange are wool, wine and dairy products. Countless sheep farms, wineries and two dairies (one cow and one goat), have this firmly established.
Wineries in the district include "Mount Alexander Winery","Sutton Grange Winery"and "Langanook Wines", three quality producers of Australian wines. "Broad's dairy" has been producing cows milk for decades, and the newly established "Holy Goat Cheeses" is producing some of the finest quality French style cheeses in Australia.
Neighbouring towns and geographical features.
Through Sutton Grange runs Myrtle Creek, which flows into the Coliban River and both of them are infested with carp. Sutton Grange is also surrounded by mountains and hills, the highest of which is Mount Alexander. The terrain and soil around Sutton Grange has a high percentage of quartz and granite.
Flora and fauna.
Wattles and Eucalypts are the most common large trees and are indigenous to the area. Common native animals seen in the area are Grey kangaroos, swamp wallabies (or black wallabies), ring tail, and bush tail possums. Snakes can be a concern in Sutton Grange, as Notechis or (Tiger snakes) and Eastern Brown snakes (see Pseudonaja) are often sighted on private property. Other native snakes sighted also include coppers head, and red-bellied black snakes. Other annoyances are Rabbits and redback spiders.

</doc>
<doc id="6007213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007213" title="Qian Hong (Three Kingdoms)">
Qian Hong (Three Kingdoms)

Qian Hong (died 271) was a military general of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history. He served the Jin Dynasty after the end of Cao Wei. Qian served as prefect of Longxi while participating in Deng Ai's ultimate campaign to conquer Shu Han. Qian Hong became well known by Deng by defeating Zhuge Zhan's troops through an ambush unit at the Battle of Mianzhu Pass (which was initially suggested by Qiu Ben). After Shu was suppressed, Qian Hong was appointed all the territories in Yi Province (present-day Sichuan).

</doc>
<doc id="6007217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007217" title="David Nicholls (theologian)">
David Nicholls (theologian)

The Reverend David Gwyn Nicholls, DLitt (Oxon) (3 June 1936 – 1996) was the author of more than one hundred publications in the fields of political theology and Caribbean Studies.
Biography.
Born in Woking, Surrey, David Nicholls was educated at Woking Grammar School (1947–54), the London School of Economics (1954–57, Lash Prize 1956, BScEcon in Government (first-class honours) 1957, Gladstone Prize 1957), King's College, Cambridge (1957–60, PhD in History 1972), Yale Divinity School (Henry Fellow 1960–66, STM 1962), and Chichester Theological College (1961–62, ordained deacon 1962, priest 1963). He incepted as a Master of Arts of the University of Oxford by special decree (1973) and was awarded the degree of Doctor of Letters by leave of the Faculties of History and Social Studies (1991).
Before studying for ordination, he was tutor at the University of Cambridge and the Workers Educational Association (1958-60). He was Assistant chaplain to the University of London (1962–66), a tutor at the London School of Economics and Regent Street Polytechnic (1963–65), Lecturer in Government at the University of the West Indies, Trinidad (1966–73), Visiting Research Fellow at the Institute of Race Relations, London (1970–71), Official Fellow, Chaplain, and Tutor of Exeter College, Oxford (1973–78), a Senior Member of St Antony's College, Oxford (1976–96), Priest-in-charge, and later Vicar, of Littlemore (1978–96), and Hulsean Lecturer at the University of Cambridge (1985–86).
The David Nicholls Memorial Library at Regent's Park College, Oxford is named in his memory.
David Nicholls was married to Gillian Sleigh from 1968 until his death. Although they had no children, their household was augmented by a Macaw called William Paley, named after the philosopher.
Publications.
Politics and theology.
Thesis
Books as sole author
Book as co-editor and contributor
Contributions in books
Articles in journals
Jubilee Group pamphlets
Series as general editor
Caribbean studies.
Contributions in books
Articles in journals

</doc>
<doc id="6007221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007221" title="List of Hindu political parties">
List of Hindu political parties

This is a list of political parties professing to follow Hindu nationalism or stating that they represent Hinduism.
Outside India.
Worldwide

</doc>
<doc id="6007223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007223" title="Holy Grail (Hunters &amp; Collectors song)">
Holy Grail (Hunters &amp; Collectors song)

"Holy Grail" is a song performed by the Australian band Hunters & Collectors on their 1992 album "Cut". With lyrics referring to popular Holy Grail mythology, the song is an anthemic single inspired by Napoleon's march to Russia in 1812, but also referencing the Hunters and Collectors' flagging attempts to "crack" the American market.
Singer Mark Seymour said, "With the lyrics, I'd been reading a Jeanette Winterson novel, "The Passion". It was a story about Napoleon's chef when he invaded Russia. The army was destroyed by the weather. It's a story about survival. It's a really powerful book and somehow I drew this analogy between the idea of this guy managing to survive this incredible ordeal and Hunters and Collectors making this excruciating record."
The song has since become an Australian rules football anthem, particularly with the reference to the Premiership Cup and the AFL Grand Final. Channel Ten used the song to open and close its AFL broadcasts between 2002 and 2006. Seymour performed the song as part of the AFL Grand Final's pre-match entertainment in 1998, 2002 and 2009 and half-time entertainment in 2013. This song was used for many years as the theme song of the Queensland Bulls cricket team in the quest for the Sheffield Shield, its own "Holy Grail". It was also featured as the theme song to the Australian rugby league movie "Footy Legends".
In 2013 a cover version of "Holy Grail" by The Rubens appeared on the tribute album, "Crucible – The Songs of Hunters & Collectors".
Personnel.
Credited to:

</doc>
<doc id="6007224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007224" title="Pensacola metropolitan area">
Pensacola metropolitan area

The Pensacola metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Pensacola, Florida.
The Office of Management and Budget has designated Escambia and Santa Rosa counties as the Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies. The MSA's designated principal cities are Pensacola and the unincorporated census-designated places of Ferry Pass and Brent, all located in Escambia County.
The four incorporated cities within the MSA are Pensacola (Census 2000 population 56,255), Milton (7,045), Gulf Breeze (5,665) and Century (1,714). In 2009 the population of the MSA was 455,102. The Pensacola Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area was first defined after the 1960 United States Census, and included Escambia and Santa Rosa counties. Ferry Pass and Brent, which are unincorporated, were added as principal cities after the 2000 Census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 448,991 people residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 75.26% White, 17.04% African American, 0.88% Native American, 2.44% Asian, 0.14% Pacific Islander, 1.16% from other races, and 3.09% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.58% of the population.
Economy.
Personal income.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $38,558, and the median income for a family was $44,319. Males had a median income of $32,966 versus $22,164 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $19,365.
Tourism.
Tourism in the Pensacola Bay area brings in about $552 million annually. Palafox Place contains multiple venues for nightlife.
Codes of metropolitan Pensacola.
ZIP codes.
The following is the list of ZIP codes for select areas within the metropolitan area.
Escambia County
Santa Rosa County
Notables.
Sports notables.
The Pensacola metro-area is home to a number of sports figures: Emmitt Smith (NFL), Jerry Pate (PGA), Buck Showalter (MLB), Don Sutton (MLB), Elijah Williams (American football) (NFL), Derrick Brooks (NFL), Roy Jones, Jr. (Boxing), Michelle Snow (WNBA), Fred Robbins (NFL), Jay Bell (MLB), Josh Sitton (NFL), Reggie Evans (NBA), Vince Phillips (Boxing), Lawrence Tynes (NFL), Scooter Tucker (MLB), Marcus Richardson (CFL), Travis Fryman (MLB), Ron Stallworth (NFL), Mardye McDole (NFL), Boo Weekley (PGA), Justin Gatlin (Olympics), Jason McKie (NFL), Preston Hanna (MLB), Tom Sewell (NBA), Phil Hiatt (MLB), Jim Rivera (MLB), Smoke Gainer (Boxing), Horace Jones (NFL), Clifford Lett (NBA), Glen Metropolit (NHL), Cortland Finnegan (NFL), Omar Stoutmire (NFL), Talmadge Nunnari (MLB), Reggie Slack (CFL), Billy Lothridge (NFL), Beth Barr (Olympics), Reggie Johnson(NFL), Joe Durant (PGA), Nick Green (MLB), Joel Anthony (NBA), Trent Richardson (NFL), Alfred Morris (American football) (NFL), and Bubba Watson (PGA).

</doc>
<doc id="6007231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007231" title="František Kučera">
František Kučera

František Kučera (born February 3, 1968) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Chicago Blackhawks, Hartford Whalers, Vancouver Canucks, Philadelphia Flyers, Columbus Blue Jackets, Pittsburgh Penguins and Washington Capitals.
Playing career.
Originally drafted in 1986 by the Chicago Blackhawks, Kučera played parts of four seasons in the Windy City before he was traded to the Hartford Whalers. He would also play for the Vancouver Canucks and Philadelphia Flyers before he returned to play hockey in the Czech Republic at the end of the 1996–97 NHL season.
Three years later, when the NHL expanded again, Kučera returned to North America and signed with the Columbus Blue Jackets. Midway through the season, he was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins. He was traded again, this time to the Washington Capitals in the deal that also sent Jaromír Jágr to Washington. After playing a season, he once again returned to the Czech Republic to play hockey.
Kučera played 465 NHL games, scoring 24 goals and 95 assists. In 1998 he was a member of the Czech Olympic Team and won the golden Olympic medal.

</doc>
<doc id="6007238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007238" title="CIFL Championship Game">
CIFL Championship Game

The CIFL Championship Game is the annual championship game of the Continental Indoor Football League. In 2006, it was the meeting of the two semifinal game winners. Following the 2007 and 2008 season, the game was between the Great Lakes Division champion and the Atlantic Division champion. In 2009 the league was divided into an East and West Division. 
During its first year, it was called the Great Lakes Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="6007239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007239" title="Austlink Business Park">
Austlink Business Park

Austlink Business Park, sometimes known as Austlink Corporate Park, is a business district in the suburb of Belrose in Sydney, Australia. It is located south of Mona Vale Road and west of Forest Way in the vicinity of Garigal National Park.
The character of the business park, according to local council documents, is intended to be as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6007241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007241" title="Miss World 2005">
Miss World 2005

Miss World 2005, the 55th edition of the Miss World pageant was held at the Crown of Beauty Theatre in Sanya, People's Republic of China on December 10, 2005. Nine former Miss World titleholders and chairwoman of Miss World Organization Julia Morley judged the pageant. Miss World 2004 María Julia Mantilla of Peru crowned her successor Unnur Birna Vilhjálmsdóttir of Iceland. 102 contestants from all over the world competed for the crown. The six "Regional Queens" were chosen by the judges while the twelve semi-finalists were determined by public or viewer votes through the Internet and as well as telephone and SMS voting. Three contestants were "Fast Tracked" to the semifinals with the remaining twelve determined by the global vote. The contestants also paid a visit to Wenzhou, Beijing and Shanghai.
Judges.
A panel of ten illustrious personalities chose Miss World 2005.
Fast Track Events.
"Miss Sports".
^The sports award was given to a continental group rather than an individual.

</doc>
<doc id="6007244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007244" title="Jim Gurnett">
Jim Gurnett

Jim Gurnett was a politician from Alberta, Canada. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1985 until 1986. He is currently the principal of Common Place Services, doing a variety of consulting work, primarily with NGOs. 
Career.
Jim Gurnett was Executive Director of Edmonton Mennonite Centre for Newcomers from 2001-2009. EMCN is a civil society organization providing programs and services for people who are immigrants and refugees, including settlement assistance, language training, employment and career services, community development, counseling, housing, and advocacy. The vision of the organization was that newcomers to Edmonton will achieve full participation, strengthening and enriching the lives of the whole community.
Previously, Jim was Manager of Community Services at Bissell Centre, serving people living in poverty in Edmonton’s urban core (1999–2001). Prior to that he was founding Executive Director of The Hope Foundation (1993–1999), affiliated with the Faculty of Education at the University of Alberta, as a centre for research and services related to the intentional use of hope as a means of enjoying enhanced quality of life.
For 15 years Jim worked as teacher, program facilitator and administrator at schools in Alberta and Afghanistan (Teacher, Bowness High School, Calgary; Vice Principal, Ahlman Academy; Kabul, Afghanistan; Teacher, American International School of Kabul; Principal, Whitelaw School; Program Facilitator, Fairview School Division; Principal, Rycroft School; Principal, Woking School; Principal, Blueberry Creek School).
He has been a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta (Spirit River-Fairview, 1985–86), Chief of Staff for the NDP caucus at the Alberta Legislature (2010-2012), Director of Communications and Outreach for the Official Opposition at the Alberta Legislature (1990–1993), and a newspaper editor.
Gurnett was first elected to the Alberta Legislature in a by-election for the in Spirit River-Fairview. He held the electoral district for the New Democrats after, party leader Grant Notley died in a plane crash, precipitating the by-election.
The Legislature was dissolved a little more than a year later and he ran for a second term in office. His electoral district of Spirit River-Fairview was redistributed for the 1986 Alberta general election and he ran in the new electoral district of Dunvegan. The election was a hotly contested two way race that saw him lose by two hundred votes to Progressive Conservative candidate Glen Clegg. He would attempt to win his seat back in the 1989 Alberta general election, despite a strong showing Clegg won his second term by a larger margin. Gurnett also ran in Sherwood Park (electoral district) in the 1993 provincial election placing third.
Jim has four adult children and eight grandchildren. He is part of St. Faith’s (Anglican) parish. He writes sometimes for Alberta Street News.
Recent community service includes:
• Chair, Canadian Immigrant Settlement Sector Alliance
• Board member, Edmonton Chamber of Voluntary Organizations
• Communications spokesperson, Edmonton Coalition on Housing and Homelessness
• Member, Social Work Program Advisory Committee, Grant MacEwan College
Current areas of service include:
• Member, Organizing Committee, Edmonton Good Friday Outdoor Way of the Cross
Treasurer, Board of Directors, Alberta Street News
Member, Board of Directors, Boyle-McCauley News.
He has had a children's book, The Meeting Place, published by Alberta Association of Immigrant Serving Agencies, and is author of one chapter in book on the history of human rights in Alberta, published in 2012 by John Humphrey Centre for Peace and Human Rights.
He was educated at the Universities of Alberta (B.A., 1969) and Calgary.
Previous volunteer commitments have included:
Board member, Mahatma Gandhi Canadian Foundation for World Peace
Chair, Alberta Association of Immigrant Serving Organizations
Campaign Cabinet, United Way of the Alberta Capital Region
Chair, Homefest planning committee, Edmonton Coalition on Housing and Homelessness
Member, A Learning Alberta (2005–2006)—Minister of Advanced Education initiative
Recognitions:
Queen’s Golden Jubilee Medal (2004)
Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal (2013)
Alberta Centennial Medal (2005)
Project Ploughshares Edmonton Salvos Prelorentzos Peace Award (2007)
University of Alberta Distinguished Alumni Award (2008)
Homeward Trust Edmonton Larry Shaben Award for Outstanding Leadership in the Housing Sector 
Grant MacEwan College (2008) Honorary diploma in Community Studies
Edmonton Interfaith Centre for Education and Action community service award (2009)
Alberta Venture magazine (2007) “Alberta’s 50 Most Influential People”

</doc>
<doc id="6007264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007264" title="Our Kingdom">
Our Kingdom

Our Kingdom is a yaoi manga by Naduki Koujima about the relationship of Akira Nonaka, a boy from the countryside, and his cousin, Kyle Rei Basil. It is published in English by Digital Manga Publishing. Due to the 2006 Biblos bankruptcy, only the first six volumes have been released in English. It was commissioned by Digital Manga Publishing.
Story.
After his maternal grandmother's death, orphan Akira Nonaka is told that he has living relatives on his father' side. His father came from the Takatou family, one of the most wealthy and influential families in Japan. Akira is brought in to compete with his cousin Rei Basil as candidates to become the future head of the Takatou family. Overwhelmed by his change of circumstances, he is happy to have a family again. But as he and Rei grow closer, Akira must come to grip with his true feelings. 
The story follows Rei and Akira, their bodyguards, and other Takatou family members.
Characters.
Akira Nonaka - An orphan who is brought to live with his paternal relatives after his maternal grandmother died. He has to compete for the position as the Takatou heir. 
Kyle Rei Basil - Akira's cousin and rival to the position as the Takatou heir. Rei takes an immediate liking to Akira.
Russel Shigure Kurosaki - Rei's bodyguard. Shigure looks up to his older brother to a fault. 
Shizuka Okumiya - Runs the Takatou household. He has taken a shine to Shigure.
Yūji Takatou - Akira's uncle. He is head of one of the Takatou's division and has no desire to be heir. Flirtatious, he likes to cause good-natured trouble for those around him.
Raoul de Bavier Basil - Rei's nephew and rival in the Basil family. He's constantly trying to get Rei to simply acknowledge his presence and sees Akira as a means to an end in that regard. He later fell in love with Akira. After being rejected by both Akira and Rei, he left Japan to the Middle East in the spinoff series, "Our Kingdom: Arabian Nights".
Wilhelm Sagiri Kurosaki - Shigure's older brother. Seemingly cold and emotionless, he insists his brother is unfit to be a bodyguard and for a while takes over the position of guarding Rei. 
Tamaki Kaminozuki - One of Rei and Akira's school mates. Hiyori is his childhood friend whom he loves to tease. It seems as though he is blackmailing him with something.
Hiyori Hozumi - One of Rei and Akira's classmates. Tamaki is his childhood friend who enjoys teasing him.

</doc>
<doc id="6007266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007266" title="Ezana Stone">
Ezana Stone

The Ezana stone is an artifact from the ancient Kingdom of Aksum. It is a stone monument which documents the conversion of King Ezana to Christianity and his subjugation of various neighboring peoples, including Meroë. 
From AD 330 to 356 King Ezana ruled the ancient Aksumite kingdom in the Horn of Africa. Ezana fought against the Nubians and recorded his victories on stone written in Ge'ez (the ancient Eritrean/Ethiopian language), Sabaean (South Arabian) and Greek praising God for his victories. His carvings in stone provided a trilingual monument in different languages, similar to the Rosetta stone.
The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church had its beginnings at this time. Rufinus's "Ecclesiastical History" narrates that Saint Frumentius, a slave and tutor for the very young King, converted him to Christianity. Towards the end of his reign, King Ezana launched a campaign against the Kushites around 350 which brought down the Kingdom of Kush; various stone inscriptions written in Ge'ez (using the Ge'ez script) have been found at Meroë, the central city of the Kushites.

</doc>
<doc id="6007276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007276" title="Olney Independent School District">
Olney Independent School District

Olney Independent School District is a school district headquartered in Olney, Texas (USA).
The district serves portions of Young County (including the city of Olney), Archer County (including the town of Megargel), Baylor County, and Throckmorton County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
Prior to fall 2006, Megargel ISD served the town of Megargel and portions of Archer, Baylor, Throckmorton, and Young Counties, while Olney ISD served Olney and portions of Archer and Young counties.
The April 11, 2006 Dallas Morning News featured the Megargel School [ in a front page article. The school (along with the town) had declined for years, and was running out of funds. The school board voted to consolidate with Olney ISD, subject to voter approval on May 13, 2006. Proponents argued that the school (which had 63 students, including one in the seventh grade) simply could not continue to function, and consolidation with the neighboring district (which had nearly 800 students) will provide more opportunities for educational achievement. Opponents feared that closure of the school will cause the town to disappear.
The vote was in favor of consolidation with 79% of voters in favor. The school and district closed after the school year ended. Olney ISD announced plans to hire former Megargel ISD employees.

</doc>
<doc id="6007280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007280" title="Predicted effects of the FairTax">
Predicted effects of the FairTax

The Fair Tax Act (/) is a bill in the United States Congress for changing tax laws to replace the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and all federal income taxes (including Alternative Minimum Tax), payroll taxes (including Social Security and Medicare taxes), corporate taxes, capital gains taxes, gift taxes, and estate taxes with a national retail sales tax, to be levied once at the point of purchase on all new goods and services. The proposal also calls for a monthly payment to households of citizens and legal resident aliens (based on family size) as an advance rebate of tax on purchases up to the poverty level.
Supporters argue that a consumption tax, such as the FairTax, would have a positive impact on savings and investment (not taxed), ease of tax compliance, increased economic growth, incentives for international business to locate in the U.S., and increased U.S. international competitiveness (border tax adjustment in global trade). The plan may increase cost transparency for funding the federal government and supporters believe it would have positive effects on civil liberties, the environment, and advantages with taxing illegal activity and illegal immigrants. Because the FairTax plan would remove taxes on income, tax deductions would have no meaning or value, which concerns some law makers about losing this method of social incentive. There are also concerns regarding the repeal of the Sixteenth Amendment, transition effects on after-tax savings, impact to the income tax industry, incentives on credit use, and the loss of tax advantages to state and local bonds.
Economic effects.
Tax burden visibility.
FairTax supporters assert that the proposal would make the cost of federal government highly visible as consumers would see most of this cost in a single tax paid every time they purchase a good or service. Under the current tax system, the federal government collects revenue through a wide variety of taxes on individuals and businesses. Thus the cost of government is spread out among many different avenues and may not be fully visible to individual citizens. For example, corporate taxes and compliance costs are passed partially from producers to final consumers when producers include those costs in the retail price of goods and services. The use of income tax withholding has also reduced the visibility of taxes. The U.S. Department of Treasury describes (in the history of the income tax) that withholding “greatly reduced the taxpayer's awareness of the amount of tax being collected, i.e. it reduced the transparency of the tax, which made it easier to raise taxes in the future.” Proponents claim that the FairTax would greatly reduce, if not eliminate, the "K Street tax lobbyist's" ability to influence legislators to manipulate the U.S. tax code for the benefit of their clients. The FairTax legislation does not prevent future changes by Congress, however, due to the transparency of the FairTax, the American people would be aware of changes to the tax base from exemptions because a change in tax rate would likely be reflected. Congressman John Linder, the bill sponsor, is considering adding language to H.R. 25 during the 111th Congress that would require a supermajority vote of Congress to exempt any industry from the tax.
Effect on tax compliance costs.
The cost of preparing and filing all business and personal income tax returns is estimated to be $250–$300 billion each year. Approximately the same amount of money was estimated for calculating the tax implications of business decisions. That means approximately $500 to $600 billion was spent in the process of collecting roughly four times as much in taxes. According to a 2005 report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office, the efficiency cost of the current tax system — the output that is lost over and above the tax itself — is between $240 billion and $600 billion every year. Supporters argue that the FairTax system would reduce these compliance and efficiency costs by 90% and return a larger share of that money to the productive economy. With the FairTax system, the cost of compliance would be built into the tax by allowing the business and the State to keep 1/4 of 1% of taxes collected. A 2007 study by the Beacon Hill Institute found that the FairTax would save $346.51 billion in administrative costs and would be a much more efficient taxation system from the point of view of the administration, collection, and filing costs.
One additional "cost" more difficult to quantify is the cumulative cost of business decisions made, not in the interest of delivering more/better product and services, but rather in tax avoidance behaviors. An example might be the purchase of a small company with tremendous financial losses just to avoid corporate income tax on the larger, more profitable business. With 60,000+ pages now in the tax code, the impact of these decisions both on individual companies and on the economy at large is doubtless significant.
Promotion of economic growth.
In an open letter to the President, the Congress, and the American people, eighty economists, including Nobel Laureate Vernon L. Smith, stated that the FairTax would boost the United States economy. According to the National Bureau of Economic Research and Americans For Fair Taxation, GDP would increase almost 10.5% in the year after the FairTax goes into effect. Real investments could increase by as much as 76% initially and remain 15% above present levels. In addition, the incentive to work would increase by as much as 20%, the economy’s capital stock would increase by 42%, labor supply by 4%, output by 12%, and real wage rate by 8%. A study in 2007 by the Beacon Hill Institute of Suffolk University stated that within five years real GDP would increase 10.7% over the current system, domestic investment by 86.3%, capital stock by 9.3%, employment by 9.9%, real wages by 10.2%, and consumption by 1.8%. Laurence Kotlikoff of Boston University finds that the shift to the FairTax would raise marginal labor productivity and real wages over the course of the century by 18.9% and long-run output by 10.6%. Further, studies of the FairTax at Boston University and Rice University suggests the FairTax will bring long-term interest rates down by as much as one third. As falling tax compliance costs lower production costs, exports would increase by 26% initially and remain more than 13% above present levels. According to Professor Dale Jorgenson of Harvard University’s Economics Department, revenues to Social Security and Medicare would double as the size of the economy doubles within 15 years after passage of the FairTax. Wall Street Journal columnist James Taranto states the FairTax is unsuited to take advantage of supply-side effects and would create a powerful disincentive to spend money.
Opponents offer a Nathan Associates study commissioned by the National Retail Federation in 2000 that found a national sales tax bill filed by Billy Tauzin (Individual Tax Freedom Act) would bring a 3 year decline in the economy, a 4 year decline in employment and an 8 year decline in consumer spending. Proponents point out that the FairTax has different features than the Tauzin bill and that the study done by the NRF makes many adverse assumptions and does not take into account the removal of embedded tax costs or the inventory credit that refunds 23% of the cost of held inventory. The study, which represents supporters' worst-case scenario for a consumption tax, predicts that the economy will grow only 3% more in ten years than it would have under the income tax and that the increase in consumption will be 1.15% less in the first year relative to what it would have been under the income tax. The study concludes that consumption will be higher in the fourth year and every year thereafter than it would have been under the income tax. Research in 2006 on the FairTax plan by Arduin, Laffer & Moore Econometrics shows that consumption would increase by 2.4% in the first year of the FairTax. The increase in consumption would be fueled by the 1.7% increase in disposable (after-tax) personal income. By the 10th year, consumption would increase by 11.7% over the current tax system; and disposable income would be up by 11.8%.
Effect on international business locality.
Global corporations consider local tax structures when making planning and capital investment decisions. Lower corporate tax rates and favorable transfer pricing regulations can induce higher corporate investment in a given locality. Such investment translates into higher economic growth. Ireland's real GDP growth was almost three times higher than the European Union average between 1991 and 2000. This is partly attributed to the fact that, during the decade, Ireland taxed corporate profits from manufacturing at 10%, the lowest in the EU. The United States currently has the highest combined statutory corporate income tax rate among OECD countries. The FairTax would remove the corporate income tax, which supporters argue would make the United States the largest corporate tax haven in the world.
Bill Archer, former head of the House Ways and Means Committee, asked Princeton University econometricists to survey 500 European and Asian companies regarding the impact on their business decisions if the United States enacted the FairTax. Of these companies, 400 responded that they would build their next plant in the United States while the remaining 100 companies said they would move their corporate headquarters to the United States.
Border adjustability.
The United States is the only one of 30 OECD countries with no border adjustment element in its tax system. Proponents state that because the FairTax would automatically be border adjustable, the 17% competitive advantage, on average, of foreign producers would be eliminated, immediately boosting U.S. competitiveness overseas and at home. Leo Linbeck, chairman of FairTax.org, has stated that U.S. manufacturers and sellers can not compete successfully with foreign producers because of U.S. tax policy. "The Ways and Means Committee is tasked with writing the taxation laws that raise revenues for the nation but the fact that foreign nations routinely tax U.S. products upon entry and that these nations forgo national taxes on exports to the United States is a Ways and Means blind spot that has all but killed the 'Made in America' label". Under the FairTax, American companies doing business internationally would be able to sell their goods at lower prices but at similar margins, and this would bring jobs to America. In addition, U.S. companies with investments or plants abroad would bring home overseas profits without the penalty of paying income taxes, thus resulting in more U.S. capital investment. This would result in imports and domestic production competing on a level playing field. Exported goods would not be subject to the FairTax, since they would not be consumed in the U.S.; but imported goods sold in the U.S. would be subject to the FairTax because these products would be consumed domestically.
Repatriation of offshore accounts.
John Linder asserts that an estimated 11 trillion dollars is currently held in foreign accounts, largely for tax purposes, and is growing by $800 billion per year. Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan predicts that enactment of the FairTax would result in a large portion of those funds being transferred to U.S. banks, where they would become available to U.S. capital markets, bringing down interest rates, and otherwise promoting economic growth in the United States instead of the countries where those funds are currently held.
Transition effects.
Because the FairTax proposal would replace various taxes with a single sales tax, several areas may experience unique effects through the transition.
Repeal of Sixteenth Amendment.
If the FairTax bill were passed, permanent elimination of income taxation would not be guaranteed; the FairTax bill would repeal much of the existing tax code, but the Sixteenth Amendment would remain in place. Cases decided by the United States Supreme Court after the ratification of the Sixteenth Amendment have established that Congress has the power to enact an income tax even if the amendment did not exist. The elimination of the possibility that income taxation would return (through a separate Congressional bill), requires a repeal of the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution along with expressly prohibiting an income tax. This is referred to as an "aggressive repeal". The Constitution, however, does not require an income tax, it only allows one. Separate income taxes enforced by individual states would be unaffected by the federal repeal.
Since passing the FairTax would only require a simple majority in each house of the United States Congress and the signature of the President, and enactment of a constitutional amendment must be approved by two thirds of each house of Congress, and three quarters of the individual U.S. states, it is possible that passage of the FairTax bill would simply add another taxation system. If a new income tax bill was passed after the FairTax passage, a combined system could develop. However, there is nothing preventing the addition of a national sales tax, or VAT tax, on top of today's income tax system. The Americans For Fair Taxation plan is to first pass the FairTax and then to focus grassroots efforts on HJR 16, sponsored by Congressman Steve King (R-IA), that calls for the repeal of the Sixteenth Amendment.
Congressman Linder (110th Congress), the bill sponsor, has stated "If the FairTax is enacted, I expect that the Congress and states would promptly begin consideration of legislation to repeal the Sixteenth Amendment. To make certain that occurs, however, I am in favor of adding language to H.R. 25 during the 111th Congress that includes a sunset provision, meaning that either we succeed in repealing the Sixteenth Amendment within five years after the implementation of the FairTax or the FairTax goes away. In my view, we simply cannot risk having both a national income tax and a national sales tax in place at the same time."
Effect on savers.
Individuals under the current system who accumulated savings from ordinary income (by choosing not to spend their money when the income was earned) paid taxes on that income before it was placed in savings (such as a Roth IRA or CD). When individuals spend above the poverty level with money saved under the current system, that spending would be subject to the FairTax. People living through the transition may find both their earnings and their spending taxed. Critics have claimed that the FairTax would result in unfair double taxation for savers and suggest it does not address the transition effect on some taxpayers who have accumulated significant savings from after-tax dollars, especially retirees who have finished their careers and switched to spending down their life savings.
Supporters of the plan argue that the current system is no different, since compliance costs and "hidden taxes" embedded in the prices of goods and services cause savings to be "taxed" a second time already when spent. The FairTax would also eliminate what some claim to be the double taxation on savings that is part of estate taxes. In addition, the FairTax legislation adjusts Social Security benefits for changes in the price level, so a percentage increase in prices would result in an equal percentage increase to Social Security income. Supporters suggest these changes would offset paying the FairTax under transition conditions.
In contrast to ordinary savings, money in tax-deferred savings plans such as IRA, 401k, etc. would be withdrawn tax-free. There is currently $11 trillion in such accounts. This represents future tax revenue owed to the federal government under the income tax system, which has been estimated at $3 trillion. This revenue would then fall under the FairTax system for collection.
Income tax industry.
During the transition, many or most of the employees of the IRS (105,978 in 2005) would face loss of employment. The Beacon Hill Institute estimate is that the federal government would be able to cut $8 billion from the IRS budget of $11.01 billion (in 2007), reducing the size of federal tax administration by 73%. In addition, income tax preparers (many seasonal), tax lawyers, tax compliance staff in medium-to-large businesses, and software companies which sell tax preparation software (such as Drake Software, TaxCut, and TurboTax), could face significant drops, changes, or loss of employment. Proponents state the income tax industry often provides year round services for financial planning and investment, which is expected to increase under the FairTax proposal and could offset some of these changes. New technologies used by the IRS, such as e-filing, are simplifying the process and already threatening a portion of this industry as goals set by Congress call for at least 80% of federal returns to be submitted electronically by 2007. According to IRS testimony from 2004, 45% of revenue agents and officers would become eligible for retirement in the following 5 years and there is concern about the loss of their work force as their hiring efforts struggle to keep pace with attrition. In addition, the IRS would not go completely out of commission until 3 years after the FairTax was enacted, providing employees time to find other employment. Proponents claim the projected 10.5% growth in the economy during the first year of the FairTax would provide plenty of new jobs to these workers that are typically well educated and well equipped with transferable skills (see creative destruction).
Time arbitrage.
In the period before the FairTax was implemented, there could be a strong incentive for individuals to buy goods without the sales tax using credit. After the FairTax was in effect, the credit could be paid off using untaxed payroll. On the other hand, the FairTax includes a 23% inclusive transitional inventory tax credit on the cost of the inventory to be applied in the month that it is sold. The transitional inventory tax credit would significantly reduce any changes to the net cost after switching to the FairTax. If credit incentives do not change, opponents of the FairTax worry it could exacerbate an existing consumer debt problem. On the other hand, proponents of the FairTax note that this effect could also allow individuals to pay off their existing (pre-FairTax) debt quicker.
Other indirect effects.
Home mortgage interest deduction.
The current federal income tax law allows individuals to deduct the home mortgage interest costs from taxable income (unless the taxpayer is subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax). Home mortgage interest is one of the few personal expenditures that is treated in this manner. Someone paying a 25% income tax rate would receive $250 back from the government for $1,000 expended in home mortgage interest. While there is no deduction for payroll taxes and most do not itemize the income tax deduction for full benefit, this preferential treatment of mortgage interest encourages households to spend relatively more of their income on housing than would otherwise be the case.
The FairTax would be tax free on mortgage interest up to the basic interest rate as determined by the Federal Reserve. The interest above the basic rate applied by the lender is a financial intermediation service and is subject to the FairTax (on a typical home mortgage only about one-half of one percent of interest would be subject to tax). Several economic studies have estimated that switching from an income tax system to a consumption tax system such as the FairTax would result in an interest rate drop of approximately 25%. These changes would result in a decreased cost for home buyers. As a comparison to the FairTax for encouraging home ownership, the current tax system would have to allow all taxpayers to fully deduct the purchase of used property against income and payroll taxes, expand the mortgage interest deduction so that it permits a deduction against payroll taxes, fully untax interest income to lenders and institutions, and fully untax returns on savings. However, since several areas would be tax free under the FairTax plan, it could decrease the social incentive to spend more on homes in favor of savings, education, or other investments.
Charitable giving.
Like the home mortgage interest deduction, charitable giving receives preferential treatment under current tax law allowing individuals to deduct the donation, to certain charities, from taxable income. Someone paying a 25% income tax rate would receive $250 back from the government for a $1,000 donation. While there is no deduction for payroll taxes and most do not itemize the deduction for full benefit, this encourages households to donate more of their income to charity than would otherwise be the case. As the FairTax would only tax new retail purchases, donations to charity would be made with untaxed income (comparable to a deduction on both income and payroll taxes). The FairTax would also remove the prohibition of political speech by non-profits, therefore removing the threat to non-profit status. Taxable property and services purchased by a qualified non-profit or religious organization 'for business purposes' would not be taxable.
FairTax advocates state that total philanthropy as a percentage of GDP has held steady at around 2% for at least two decades, regardless of changes in income tax deductibility. According to the National Bureau of Economic Research, GDP would increase almost 10.5% in the first year after the FairTax goes into effect. FairTax advocates claim this economic boost, along with an estimated 8% real wage increase, would strengthen charitable giving. In a 2007 study, the Beacon Hill Institute concluded that total charitable giving would increase under the FairTax, although increases in giving would not be distributed proportionately amongst the various types of charitable organizations. "Due to differences in preferences for type of charitable organizations between itemizers and non-itemizers, religious charities stand to gain disproportionately under the FairTax, while education, health, and cultural charities will actually suffer a small loss."
Environment.
Proponents believe environmental benefits would result both indirectly and directly from implementation of the FairTax. Former Senator Mike Gravel has called it a "green tax". The concepts of environmental economics come into play with some of the aspects suggested. With the FairTax being levied only on new goods and services, with no federal tax charged on used goods, supporters suggest a systemic incentive to buy used goods is introduced. Consequently, re-use and re-sale of used goods is encouraged. With the subsequent increase of the used-goods market (and with new goods being taxed) it is suspected that people would put more emphasis on maintenance of things for longer use and better resale value, and that they may also shy away from disposable goods. The significant reduction of paperwork for IRS compliance and tax forms is estimated to save about 300,000 trees each year. With the expected increase of business and manufacturing movement to the U.S., more goods consumed domestically will be produced domestically. This may reduce international shipping and consequent environmental impact, as well as production in countries with less stringent pollution controls.
State and local government debt.
The federal income tax system provides tax advantages to state and local municipal bonds. Specifically, the interest paid on such securities is exempt from federal taxation. This tax discount allows state and local governments to issue debt at low yields, which reduces their interest costs. By eliminating income taxes, FairTax would remove the federal tax advantage of holding state and local bonds as all investments would become tax free. However, the Treasury department has called for the elimination of these special tax provisions under the current system in an effort to broaden the tax base and reduce corporate tax rates. State and local governments often exempt their own taxes when issuing bonds, so they could still contain some advantages. Issuers may have to offer higher interest rates to attract investors. Americans For Fair Taxation ague that, after the fair tax goes into effect, corporate bond rates would drop; that new tax free yields will roughly equal their previous after tax value under the income tax; and that state and municipal bond holders would not need to change their rates.
Illegal immigration.
The current system of taxation, in many cases, provides incentives for illegal immigrants and companies that employ them. It is estimated that approximately 5 million illegal immigrants are paid off the books ("under the table") in cash allowing employee and employer to avoid paying federal taxes estimated at $35 billion a year. Advocates also claim the FairTax would provide incentive for illegal immigrants to legalize as they would otherwise not receive the FairTax rebate.
Civil liberties.
Proponents believe that the FairTax would have positive effects on civil liberties that are sometimes charged against the income tax system. Some of these include social inequality, economic inequality, financial privacy, self-incrimination, unreasonable search and seizure, burden of proof, and due process. Proponents state the FairTax would remove the exemptions and deductions that discriminate against gays, singles, childless couples, and others based on spending and lifestyle choices. The principles of an income tax regarding individual liberty are also argued by critics. Frank Chodorov wrote "... you come up with the fact that it gives the government a prior lien on all the property produced by its subjects." The government "unashamedly proclaims the doctrine of collectivized wealth. ... That which it does not take is a concession." This situation is no different from the current system of income taxation, in which the government has a "prior lien" on all labor undertaken by its subjects.
Distribution of tax burden.
The impact of the FairTax on the distribution of the tax burden is a point of dispute. The plan's supporters argue that it would decrease tax burdens, broaden the tax base, be progressive, increase purchasing power, and tax wealth, while opponents argue that a national sales tax would be inherently regressive and would decrease tax burdens paid by high-income individuals. Sales taxes are normally considered regressive; however, the FairTax provides a rebate that supporters argue would create a progressive effective rate on consumption. Under the FairTax, a low-income family may spend $25,000 on goods and services consuming 100% of their income. A higher income family making $100,000 may spend $80,000 on goods and services and save $20,000. The higher income family is consuming only 80% of their income on taxable goods and services. According to economist William G. Gale, the percentage of income taxed is regressive (using a cross-section time frame). However, when presented with an estimated effective tax rate, the low-income family above would pay a tax rate of 0% on the 100% of consumption and the higher income family would pay a tax rate of 15% on the 80% of consumption. The effective tax rate is progressive on consumption. Using a larger time frame, the other 20% would be consumed and taxed at some point in the future.
External links.
Legislation

</doc>
<doc id="6007288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007288" title="Xi Zheng">
Xi Zheng

Xi Zheng (died 278), courtesy name Lingxian, was an author and politician of the state of Shu Han during the late Three Kingdoms period. He also served during the early Jin Dynasty.
Early life.
Born Xi Zuan (郤纂) in Yanshi, Luoyang, Henan, Xi Zheng's family moved west from Luoyang into Shu when he was very young. His father died when Xi Zheng was still a boy. He was gifted in language and mostly self-educated in the fields of history and government, borrowing books and essays from literati all over the Yi (益) region (the Sichuan and Hanzhong basins).
He entered government service as a clerk of the palace library, eventually rising to the rank of director over the course of thirty years.
Fall of Shu Han.
As director of the imperial library, Xi Zheng was a fairly high-ranking minister in the Shu Han government. The powerful eunuch Huang Hao was ambivalent towards him, so Xi Zheng was able to avoid the factionalism that Huang Hao's rise to power engendered.
Xi Zheng's foremost contribution to history was his composition of Liu Shan's declaration of submission to Deng Ai, which survives and is carried by "Records of the Three Kingdoms". Xi Zheng remained extremely loyal to Liu Shan, and was one of two former high ministers of Shu Han who abandoned their families and fled with Liu Shan east to Luoyang during Zhong Hui's Rebellion. He was one of five former ministers of Shu Han to receive enfeoffment by the Cao Wei government.
In Luoyang, Liu Shan relied on Xi Zheng in matters of deportment and propriety. According to the "Chronicles of Han and Jin", Sima Shi once asked Liu Shan if he thought much about Shu, to which Liu Shan famously responded that he was too happy to think of Shu. Xi Zheng sought out Liu Shan and advised him that were he asked this again, the appropriate response was to lament how far he had been removed from his family tombs.
In 273, Xi Zheng was appointed administrator of Baxi (巴西) commandery, in present-day eastern Sichuan and northern Chongqing. This would have allowed him to return west in his old age. Of his works, only Liu Shan's declaration of submission to Deng Ai and one other essay survive, both carried in the base text of "Records of the Three Kingdoms".

</doc>
<doc id="6007295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007295" title="Pavel Pabst">
Pavel Pabst

Paul Pabst Russ: Pavel (15 May 1854 - 9 June 1897) was a pianist, composer, and Professor of Piano at Moscow Conservatory. 
Life and career.
Pabst was born Christian Georg Paul Pabst in 1854, into a family of highly gifted musicians in Königsberg, capital of East Prussia. The young Pabst had a fortuitous meeting with Anton Rubinstein when the great pianist/composer travelled to Koenigsberg as overseer of cultural programmes there. Pabst moved to Russia as a most accomplished pianist in 1878. In the autumn of that year he accepted an invitation from Nikolai Rubinstein to teach at the Moscow Conservatory. 
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky frequently attended concerts given by Pabst, and used to refer to Pavel, as he was now known, as "a pianist of divine elegance", and "a pianist from God". Pabst was considered the greatest Professor of Piano at the Conservatory, and his students carried the great tradition of Russian romanticism into the 20th century. Pabst was considered one of the greatest pianists of his day, admired even by the great Franz Liszt. He and the young Sergei Rachmaninoff performed many concerts together. 
Until now Pabst has been known as a composer only for his piano transcriptions of the music for the ballet and opera by Tchaikovsky. He also fingered the piano concerto by Anton Arensky, and was the soloist at its premiere. Pabst's piano transcriptions were loved by the most outstanding pianists of the time, and were considered to be on a par with those by the great Franz Liszt himself. 
Paul Pabst died suddenly in 1897 in Moscow and was buried at Vvedenskoye Cemetery. His funeral wreath from the Russian Musical Society contained the epitaph: To Honored Artist - Indefatigable Professor - Hardly simply a man.
Orchestral work.
In 1885 he wrote his only orchestral work, the Piano Concerto in E-flat major. Its first performances were in St. Petersburg and Moscow, with Pabst as soloist, and with Anton Rubinstein conducting. The score was then lost, but has recently been discovered. 
Both Tchaikovsky and Rachmaninoff dedicated works to Pabst. Pabst was in illustrious company, and this is reflected in his Piano Concerto. It is an exquisite romantic work in three movements, lasting 33 minutes, full of wonderful tunes and a fiendishly difficult but lyrical solo part. On 19 April 2005, 120 years after its premiere, Pabst's 'Lost Concerto' was performed by Panagiotis Trochopoulos at a concert given in Minsk by the Belarusian State Academic Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Marius Stravinsky. A live recording was made.
This live recording was used for the world premiere CD release of Pavel Pabst's Piano Concerto, now available on Cameo Classics CC9033CD.

</doc>
<doc id="6007306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007306" title="1889 in Australia">
1889 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="6007311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007311" title="Michael Symmons Roberts">
Michael Symmons Roberts

Michael Symmons Roberts FRSL (born Preston, Lancashire 1963) is a British poet. 
He has published six collections of poetry, all with Cape (Random House), and has won the Forward Prize, the Costa Book Award and the Whitbread Prize for Poetry, as well as major prizes from the Arts Council and Society of Authors. He has been shortlisted for the T. S. Eliot Prize, the Griffin Poetry Prize and the Ondaatje Prize. He has also written novels, libretti and texts for oratorios and song cycles. He regularly writes and presents documentaries and dramas for broadcasting and is Professor of Poetry at Manchester Metropolitan University.
Life and career.
Michael Symmons Roberts spent his childhood in Lancashire before moving south with his family to Newbury in Berkshire in the early ‘70s. He went to comprehensive school in Newbury, then to Regent's Park College, Oxford to read Philosophy and Theology. After graduating, he trained as a newspaper journalist before joining the BBC in Cardiff as a radio producer in 1989. He moved with the BBC to London, then to Manchester, initially in radio, then as a documentary filmmaker. His last job at the corporation was as Executive Producer and Head of Development for BBC Religion and Ethics, before he left the BBC to focus on writing.
His fourth book of poetry, "Corpus", was the winner of the 2004 Whitbread Poetry Award, and was shortlisted for the T S Eliot Prize, the Forward Prize for best collection, and the Griffin International Prize. He had previously received the Society of Authors’ Gregory Award for British poets under 30 and the K Blundell Trust Award, and was shortlisted for the T S Eliot Prize for his 2001 collection "Burning Babylon". In 2007 he received a major Arts Council Writers Award. In 2012 he was elected a Fellow of the English Association, for services to the language arts. In 2014 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.
His continuing collaboration with composer James MacMillan has led to two BBC Proms choral commissions, song cycles, music theatre works and a new opera for the Welsh National Opera, "The Sacrifice", which won the 2008 Royal Philharmonic Society Award.
His work for radio includes ‘A Fearful Symmetry’ — for Radio 4 — which won the Sandford St Martin Prize, 'Soldiers in the Sun' — for Radio 3 — which won the Clarion Award, and ‘Last Words’ commissioned by Radio 4 to mark the first anniversary of 9/11. His first novel, "Patrick’s Alphabet", was published by Jonathan Cape in 2006, and his second, "Breath", in 2008. He is Professor of Poetry at Manchester Metropolitan University and a trustee of the Arvon Foundation. He has judged many poetry awards including the Forward Prizes (twice), the Eliot Prize and the Arvon International Poetry Prize.
Symmons Roberts' family was passively secular, but in his early teens he became a thoroughgoing atheist. When he gained a place at Oxford, this led him to change his course to Theology and Philosophy, and his college to a Christian one, simply so that he could talk believers out of their faith. But things did not go according to plan: "As university went on I got deeply into philosophy — and the philosophy completely undermined my atheism, by making me realize that there was no overarching objectivity, no Dawkinsian bedrock of common sense if you strip everything away. I realized that atheism was just as culturally conditioned as being a Catholic."
The Oxford way of teaching, with its deconstructing, analytical approach, proved fatal, he says, to his assumption as "a naively dogmatic young atheist ... that atheism is exactly the same as 'common sense' or objectivity. I'm not saying that in psychological terms we can't be objective. I just mean that there "is" no framework of thought that can be completely objective. I have exactly the same problem with unquestioning religious dogmatism." 
A convert to Roman Catholicism, Symmons Roberts has been described by Jeanette Winterson as "a religious poet for a secular age", and by Les Murray as "a poet for the new chastened, unenforcing age of faith that has just dawned". Alan Brownjohn wrote that his "religious poems ... seem designed for an age of doubt and DNA". Although rooted in the English lyric tradition, his work draws on the language of science (especially genetics and genomics), theology and philosophy.

</doc>
<doc id="6007316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007316" title="Colour Index International">
Colour Index International

Colour Index International is a reference database jointly maintained by the Society of Dyers and Colourists and the American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists. It was first printed in 1925 but is now published exclusively on the web. The index serves as a common reference database of manufactured colour products and is used by manufacturers and consumers, such as artists and decorators. 
Colorants (both dyes and pigments) are listed according to Colour Index Generic Names and Colour Index Constitution Numbers. These numbers are prefixed in Brazil and various other countries with C.I. or CI, for example, CI 15510. This abbreviation is sometimes thought to be CL, due to the font used to display the information. A detailed record of products available on the market is presented under each Colour Index reference. For each product name, Colour Index International lists the manufacturer, physical form, and principal uses, with comments supplied by the manufacturer to guide prospective customers.
For manufacturers and consumers, the availability of a standard classification system for pigments is helpful because it resolves conflicting historic, proprietary, and generic names that have been applied to colours. 
Colour index numbers.
The colour index numbers are grouped to ranges according to the chemical structure.

</doc>
<doc id="6007334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007334" title="Kimi Ga Suki">
Kimi Ga Suki

Kimi Ga Suki * Raifu (lit. "I Love You - Life") is the eighth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on RCAM Records in 2003.
Release.
Released in April 2003 as a "thank you" to Japanese fans, it received a United States release the following year. Sweet stated in the liner notes of the album (which is translated in Japan as: キミがスキ・ライフ) that he wrote the album in the course of one week in January 2002, and enlisted the help of some of his "Girlfriend"-era bandmates during the recording. Sweet mixed, produced and engineered the album at his house. The album cover was designed by Japanese artist Yoshitomo Nara. Also in the liner notes, Sweet described the album's title as an attempt at reverse Engrish: "If I did it correctly, the title should seem a little strange or wrong, but still meaningful! The true definition is supposed to be a 'love you' life, one devoted to loving someone or something, even life itself!"
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="6007352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007352" title="Gado Nasko">
Gado Nasko

Lieutenant General Muhammad Gado Nasko (born 1941) was the military governor of Sokoto State, Nigeria between 1978-1979. 
Nasko retired from the army in 1993 after a palace coup by his colleague Sani Abacha ushered in a new set of ministers. He was at the time a Lt Gen and one of the few high ranking Generals left in 1993 after the exit of military dictator Ibrahim Babangida retired to his village Home in Nasko Niger state quietly to his new life as a farmer and community leader. he was decorated by president Olusegun Obasanjo with the national honour award of "Commander of the Order of the Niger" (CON) and recognised as one of the most respected states men in Nigeria. Former Gado Nasko Barracks, now Lungi Barracks, in the nation's capital Abuja, was named for him. He is married to two wives Fatima and Rakiya with 9 children namely: Umar, Hamza, Ibrahim, Abdulazeez, Abubakar, Aminu, Fatima, Zainab, and Maryam.

</doc>
<doc id="6007357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007357" title="The Hurricanes">
The Hurricanes

The Fabulous Hurricanes are a rhythm & blues group from Edinburgh, Scotland.
History.
The four-piece band consists of a drummer, bassist, guitarist and keyboardist, with all members of the group singing.
The band play 1950s rock and roll and 1960s rhythm and blues with a modern twist covering various artists including Ray Charles, Dale Hawkins, Jerry Lee Lewis, Solomon Burke, The Coasters and Muddy Waters.
In 2008, the band were sent a letter by Paul McCartney inviting them to his Liverpool gig after he heard their music. Later that year, they supported Bombay Bicycle Club in Edinburgh and in 2010 they performed with Kitty Daisy & Lewis to a sold-out crowd.
Progression.
After all meeting at school, the group began performing around Scotland, building up a following. What followed has been national radio plays on XFM Scotland (now rebranded as Galaxy Scotland) and BBC Radio Scotland and articles have appeared in "The List", "Edinburgh Festival Magazine", "Edinburgh Evening News", "The Scotsman" and "The Skinny". In 2007 and 2008, The Fabulous Hurricanes played a string of shows most notably supporting Neils Children and Bombay Bicycle Club, and they were voted number 4 on the list of 'Scotland's Best Unsigned Bands' by "The Scotsman".

</doc>
<doc id="6007358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007358" title="La Intrusa">
La Intrusa

La Intrusa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6007381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007381" title="Living Things (Matthew Sweet album)">
Living Things (Matthew Sweet album)

Living Things is the ninth studio album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on RCAM Records in 2004.
Release.
The album was met with little commercial success, but with favorable reviews. Review aggregating website Metacritic reports a normalized score of 70% based based on 9 reviews. "Uncut" magazine wrote that "Living Things" was "as ambitious and compelling as psych-tinged pop gets."
Details.
The song, "Cats Vs. Dogs", was featured in the film, "".
Track listing.
All songs written by Matthew Sweet.
Japanese Copy Control CD version was released with two bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="6007392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007392" title="Ruger Super Redhawk">
Ruger Super Redhawk

The Super Redhawk is a line of double action magnum revolvers made by Sturm, Ruger beginning in 1987, when Ruger started making weapons using larger, more powerful cartridges such as .44 Magnum, .454 Casull, and .480 Ruger.
The introduction.
The Super Redhawk was introduced late in 1987, in .44 Magnum with 7.5 and 9.5 inch barrel lengths. The final product used the same trigger design and same grip panels as the .357 Magnum GP-100, but had a larger, stronger frame with integrated scope bases. The Super Redhawk received positive reviews, edging out similar offerings from Smith and Wesson in accuracy and price. To date, the Super Redhawk is still considered one of the strongest, if not the strongest revolver in production.
The Super Redhawk was only available in stainless steel with a number of finishes. The standard finish is brushed steel, with a semi-gloss look. Polished, high-gloss versions have also been offered, though this option is not currently available. Stainless steel one-inch scope rings are included, using the standard Ruger lockup common to all Ruger integral bases. These rings easily allow removing the scope from the handgun, without significantly altering zero, or eye-relief, once the scope is re-installed
. The Super Redhawk uses different front and rear rings, with the rear ring being shorter than the front ring due to differences in frame height. Ruger Model 77 bolt action rifles also use a higher ring in the rear than in the front.
Despite plans to drop the Redhawk revolver with the introduction of the Super Redhawk, the original Redhawk (with the barrel thread lubricant issue corrected) remains in production . Many shooters prefer the more classic lines of the Redhawk, especially those who do not plan to use a scope. The Redhawk is also available with different barrel lengths, 4, 5.5 and 7.5 inches.
Versions of the Super Redhawk with 20 inch barrels were produced for the UK market with serial numbers in the 551-5xxxx and 551-7xxxx range. Model numbers were KSRH-21-357 (.357 Magnum) and KSRH-21 (.44 Magnum). Very little information about them is available.
The .454 Casull.
Introduced in 1997, the Super Redhawk chambered in .454 Casull was the first six-shot revolver in that caliber. The Freedom Arms cylinder and numerous conversions only hold 5 rounds. To handle the extreme pressures of the .454 Casull without changing the design of the cylinder, Ruger used a different alloy and heat treatment process to increase its strength. The frame material is the same as standard Super Redhawks, but frame and cylinder are colored differently by use of a "target grey" finish produced by tumbling the parts in special polishing media.
The .454 Casull model is actually marked as ".454 Casull /.45 Colt", and is capable of shooting the slightly shorter .45 Colt rounds. The .45 Colt is a less powerful round to shoot, lacking the severe muzzle blast and recoil of the .454 Casull. The option of using .45 Colt expands versatility, reduces the cost of shooting, and reduces wear.
The .480 Ruger.
The year 2003 saw the release of Ruger's first cartridge, the .480 Ruger, developed for the Super Redhawk. The .480 Ruger is built on the same frame as the .454 Casull, and was introduced as a six-shot model. While the .480 Ruger is not loaded to the rifle-like pressures of the .454 Casull, the bigger (.475 caliber, 12 mm) bore allows the use of heavier bullets than the .454 Casull, making it a good choice for handgun hunting. The .480 Ruger operates at far lower pressures than the .454 Casull, making it more comfortable to shoot.
The standard Hornady 325 gr JHP .480 Ruger cartridge can produce a muzzle velocity of 1350 ft/s (405 m/s) and generates one-third more muzzle energy than the standard .44 Magnum cartridge, with substantially less recoil than other big-bore hunting handgun cartridges. The large, heavy bullet still offers excellent penetration for big game hunting.
Although muzzle energy is below the .454 Casull, (energy figures are not the only, or the best method of comparing bullet effectiveness, as caliber and bullet construction are not taken into consideration), the .480 Ruger's larger caliber, and heavier bullet selection, offers Taylor Knock-out values (TKO) equal to, or better than, traditional .454 loads. This with less recoil, concussion, and muzzle blast, due to its lower operating pressures.
.480 Ruger model redesign.
In 2007 Ruger temporarily ceased production of the .480 Ruger models due to fired case extraction issues and popular demand. The fired case extraction issues resulted from individuals loading cartridges to pressures that were not meant to be for the 480 Ruger cartridge. After analyzing the problem, Ruger decided to start fitting the .480 Ruger models with 5-shot, rather than the original 6-shot, cylinders. With this release Ruger also changed to Hogue Monogrip grips. After a period of a couple of years off of the line-up, Ruger re-introduced the .480 Ruger model, again with the original 6-shot configuration, as of January 2013. As with the current .454 Casull and .44 Magnum versions, it too now sports a "conventional" satin stainless-steel finish, along with the Hogue Monogrips.
The Super Redhawk Alaskan.
Introduced in 2005, the Ruger Alaskan is Ruger's first short-barrelled, big-bore revolver, conceived by Ruger president Steve Sanetti and intended for defense against large, dangerous animals. The 2" barrel on the Alaskan ends at the end of the frame, and the scope bases are omitted. The interchangeable front sight is replaced with a pinned in ramp sight, but the adjustable rear sight is retained. The Alaskan is available in .44 Magnum, .454 Casull/.45 Colt, and .480 Ruger, with the .480 model originally a 6-shot, replaced in 2008 with a-5 shot model. All Alaskans feature a brushed stainless finish and a Hogue Tamer rubber finger groove grip, rather than the standard GP-100 style. The .454 and .480 versions have an unfluted cylinder while the .44 Magnum features a fluted cylinder.

</doc>
<doc id="6007396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007396" title="Tallahassee metropolitan area">
Tallahassee metropolitan area

The Tallahassee metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Tallahassee, Florida.
The Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used by the Census Bureau and other agencies for statistical purposes. The Tallahassee Metropolitan Statistical Area consists of the Florida counties of Gadsden, Jefferson, Leon and Wakulla. Tallahassee, in Leon County, is designated as the principal city in the MSA. The Tallahassee Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area was first defined after the 1970 United States Census, and at that time included only Leon County. Wakulla County was added to the SMSA after the 1980 census. After the 1990 census, Wakulla County was removed from the MSA and Gadsden County was added. Jefferson County and Wakulla County (for the second time) were added to the MSA after the 2000 Census.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 320,304 people, 125,533 households, and 75,306 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 63.59% White, 32.17% African American, and 1.39% from two or more races. 3.72% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $34,728, and the median income for a family was $42,957. Males had a median income of $29,628 versus $24,977 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $17,552.
In 2008 the population of the MSA was 357,259. 

</doc>
<doc id="6007397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007397" title="Tubabao">
Tubabao

Tubabao is an island off the southeastern point of Samar Island. It is one of the islands part of the town of Guiuan, in the province of Eastern Samar, in the east central Philippines.
Refugees from Russia.
Tubabao was used by the International Refugee Organization (IRO) in 1949 and 1950 to provide a temporary refuge for 5,000 Russian refugees escaping from China.
The Russians were survivors of the Bolshevik Russian Revolution of 1917 and Russian Civil War of 1919-1920, when the Tsarist autocracy was overthrown by the socialists. Some Russians managed to escape and took refuge in foreign lands.
Many of them moved to China, especially Harbin and Shanghai. Most of these refugees survived the Second World War but the communists took power in China and thus the IRO requested all countries around the world to provide accommodation to the Russians. The Philippines volunteered, and offered the Tubabao Island.
The Russian refugees later were granted to stay in the United States, Australia, Canada and South American countries. Most refugees became citizens of the countries in which they settled.

</doc>
<doc id="6007399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007399" title="B. W. Powe">
B. W. Powe

Bruce William Powe (; born 23 March 1955) is a Canadian writer poet, novelist, essayist, philosopher, and teacher.
Early life and background.
Born in Ottawa, Powe lived in Toronto from 1959 until 1996. His father is Bruce Allen Powe, author of the novels, "Killing Ground", "The Aberhart Summer" and "The Ice Eaters".
He attended York University for English studies where in 1977 graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Powe received a Master of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in 1981; he studied there with Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye. He received his PhD from York University in October 2009. His PhD is on Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye, their crossings in history, their agon and complementarity (their conflicts and harmonies), and the stirring alchemy of their thought. The thesis was also concerned with the role and position of these visionaries in Canada, and the role and position of guides and mentors.
His uncle is Joe Schlesinger, senior correspondent for the CBC news.
Career.
He was tenured and promoted to Associate Professor of Literature at York in July 2010. Powe currently teaches in the Department of English at York University. He lectures on visionary literature, teaching writers from Hildegard von Bingen and Dante to Bob Dylan and Joni Mitchell, and conducts honour seminars on Modernism and Post Modernism, and on Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye. In 2013-2014 Powe taught an introduction to Creative Writing in the English Department. Powe taught first year introduction to literature courses for many years.
In 1997 he moved to Stouffville, Ontario, where he still lives. His two children, Kate and Thomas (twins), enrolled at York University in 2010. Since 2012 Powe has been travelling back and forth between Spain (Barcelona, Cordoba), and Canada (Stouffvile, Toronto).
Powe was most recently featured in "The New York Times" in an article reflecting on Marshall McLuhan on the centennial of his birth.
An article on Powe's work on McLuhan's centennial and of his most recent book, "These Shadows Remain: A Fable", was featured in York University's YFile Daily Bulletin.
"The Spectral Ball of Theory: A Lyrical Essay", an essay originally intended for Powe's upcoming book, was featured in York University's community newspaper, Exalibur.
The website for Ottawa'a Writer's Festival recently published an article on Powe's contribution to the festival in 2011.
Works.
Powe has written books of thoughts, poetry, essays, and fiction (long and short). He has also written nationally-seen columns for "The Globe and Mail" and "The Toronto Star".
This is what the press has said over the years:
He has been called "way cool" by the "Globe and Mail", "one of our finest cultural commentators" by the "Toronto Star", a poet who can write "hair-raising lines" that seem to come "fully formed from the cosmos" by "The Globe and Mail" and who takes "considerable, unfashionable risks" by The Malahat Review, "a visionary--a modern day Magellan" by The Montreal Gazette, "an intellectual terrorist" by Barbara Amiel in MacLean's, and "enigmatic...and necessary..." by The Edmonton Journal. Kenneth J. Harvey said Powe's "Heart beats against the current... in his work at its ultimate core invents something original--and oftentimes breathtaking... To say brilliant would be an understatement..." (Ottawa Citizen)
About Outage, the Calgary Herald said, "Powe has created something remarkable...a sort of video novel, a hybrid of genres and media that transcends the ordinary and offers a new vision in a enw way of a society dancing to electronically generated signals..."
Pico Iyer said his writings represented "a soaring alchemical vision." R. Murray Schafer called Outage "a fully realized work of art." Canadian Literature said of his poetry that " subtly textured themes...affirm the importance of the romantic voice in these troubled times." The Montreal Gazette, in 2007, said that his essay prose style is "like well-chosen brush-strokes on a canvas."
At IdeaCity in 2001 Moses Znaimer called B.W. Powe's stances, public lectures and writings "a combination of poetry and rock'n'roll."
In 2014 poet-critic Patricia Keeney called Powe´s work "an original combination of poetry and scholarship."
Elana Wolff, poet and critic, in her book Implicate Me: Short Essays on Reading Contemporary Poems (Guernica, 2010), has this to say about Powe's writings:
"...a prescient writer on the cyber-age and codes and patterns...there is actually no neat genre-division in Powe's writing. ...His prose frequently reads like poetry... The Unsaid Passing is... emotionally unshielded selection of pieces that range in length from five words to several sections. ...Powe wants both transpersonal and transcendent connection from poetry. ...unabashedly spiritual, and passionate...uncommon for our age. He wants us to acknowledge our capacity for deep feeling, our vulnerability and authentic need for each other, and for the sacred. ...In the poems of The Unsaid Passing, B.W. Powe goes where he has not gone in any of his previous work... and written luminous, numinous pieces of mystical and humanistic sensibility."
His work has been profiled on CBC-TV, TVO, CITY-TV, Bravo-TV, ACCESS and CTV.
His novel, Outage, was listed as one of the best ten novels of the year by Philip Marchand in The Toronto Star, in 1995/96. It was also an editor's choice novel in the Globe & Mail in 1995.
His book, A Tremendous Canada of Light was selected as a notable book of the year by the Globe and Mail in 1993.
His book of poems, The Unsaid Passing, was shortlisted for The ReLit Prize in 2006.
His novella, These Shadows Remain, was longlisted for The ReLit Prize in 2012.
Towards a Canada of Light (2006; the third revision of the Canada of Light theme) and Mystic Trudeau: The Fire and the Rose (2007) were conceived as companion pieces, part of his contemplation of the visionary possibilities of Canada and its cultural legacy. In Charles Forans's October 2007 review of Mystic Trudeau in The Walrus, he said of the book: " likely makes of its subject only what Trudeau privately made of himself. Powe knew him in his final years and kept records of their conversations. Expanding on Trudeau's pithy remarks, Powe offers a reading of his character and legacy that is as challenging as many of Trudeau's own public assertions. The book is determined to credit Canada with a mystical tradition and to deliberate in that tradition's arguments, employing language that is poetic, emphatic... Wait for the book's kicker: a call for the establishment of a republic in a twenty-first Canada that has...pirouetted away from 'the last vestiges of colonialism and empire.'"
His writings have been translated into French by Derrick de Kerckhove and Michelle Tisseyre. His writings have also been translated into Czech. He has been the program director or co-director for three significant events at York University in Toronto: Marshall McLuhan: What if He Was Right? (1997), The Trudeau Era (1998) and Living Literacies (2002). He is scheduled to become the Creative Writing Program Coordinator at York University in the summer 0f 2013.
He is currently at work founding the McLuhan Initiative for the Study of Literacies at York University.
He read from this work at The Northrop Frye International Festival in Moncton in April 2011, and in Barcelona, Spain, at the McLuhan 100 conference, in May 2011. He spoke on Vico, Bruno, Joyce and McLuhan in Naples in June 2011.
In the autumn of 2012 he was scholar/writer in residence at IN3, the University of Catalonya in Barcelona. He spoke at the University of Basque Country in Bilbao, Spain, in October 2012.
His non-fiction study, "Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye--Apocalypse and Alchemy", was published by the University of Toronto Press in May of 2014.
He returned as Scholar/Researcher in Residence at IN3 at the University of Catalunya in Barcelona, Spain, in the spring and summer of 2013, and will be returning there in the spring-summer of 2014. There he will be collaborating with Cristina de Miranda (artist and professor) and Matteo Ciastellardi (technologist and professor) on the development and production of the g-book, "Opening Time: On the Energy Threshold."
He was the Creative Writing Program Coordinator in the Department of English from July 2013 until June 2014.
He has other works in progress—new poems, a collection of essays and thoughts (tentatively called "Facing Eternity, Each Day"),and a gathering of fragments and aphorisms and parables and lines.
These Shadows Remain.
These Shadows Remain: A Fable is a novella published by Guernica in April 2011. It has garnered praise for its original concept and visionary story. Guernica Editions has summated the story, "Images overrun the world. Toons filled with rage and hate hunger for life. A war between simulations and humans. People besieged in a castle of dreams. A mysterious knight shifts between worlds, holding the secret that could save all. Orphaned children lead him to the whirlwind, the terrible faceless source."
These Shadows Remain is a work of vision. Powe says the story came intact in a recurring dream. When he first had the dream, he wrote down and outline. The more the story appeared in his dreams, the more he added.
Author Charles Foran has said, "...(I) am quite haunted by the book. It is, to say the least, intriguing, and its resonances are only settling in. The form itself is fascinating: a parable? A fable? A story for children, via their parents, or for parents, via their children? As per the Powe aesthetic, it is resolutely NOT of our time and our, ahem, literary culture, and belongs somewhere deep in a European literary tradition, where Carroll and Grimm sit alongside Musil and Amis. But I am also aware of the strong visual component to the tale, its cross of children's cartoon with anime... Likewise, its themes, or preoccupations, with how we've been so altered, chemically, spiritually, by those toons, those simulations. THAT is North American, of course, Canadian-McLuhan-Gibson, if also, I suspect, Eastern, Japanese. An enigmatic, striking piece of writing, one I shall return to."
Critic Marshall Soules acclaimed, "You've captured something important about our culture in These Shadows Remain... It's a compelling allegory about the mutual influence of the parallel worlds we live in, how we don't pay attention to important matters, how children are being sacrificed to a realm of fantasy. As a fable, it's of-a-piece with (Powe's) other work, coming at familiar themes in a different mode and register. Its poetry comes from fairy tale, romance, and pop culture."
"There are mysteries remaining, such as the migration between the screen and human world. The knight's confrontation with the wizard seems inconclusive and lacking in confrontation and resolution, but I appreciate this outcome. The wizard is also confused, and his power is limited. I like that. Reminds me of the Wizard of Oz - all smoke and mirrors and bluster. And recalls Edwin Abbot's satirical Flatland. I also enjoyed the role and character you gave the children. It's a caring and inspiring story that reflects directly on our confusion over fantasy and reality. On Hollywood Blvd., it's clear that fantasy is winning the battle for mindshare!"
Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye: Apocalypse and Alchemy (University of Toronto Press).
“An entirely fresh view of McLuhan and Frye, the great Orator and the great Theorist, as exuberant visionaries who breached the future in tandem during their years teaching at the University of Toronto. Powe’s scholarship is marked by a distinctive ease and clarity of style rooted in a rigorous reading of all the pertinent texts.”
Barry Callaghan, editor-in-chief, Exile: The Literary Quarterly
“Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye: Apocalypse and Alchemy is a powerful study in literary theory and philosophy, written by a scholar with intimate knowledge and understanding of these twin giants of the 20th century intellectual landscape. This highly original work provides us with a dialectic between systems of thought that leads to a synthesis of unequivocal significance, or perhaps more properly, a portrait of polar oppositions that is mediated in a manner that is not only balanced and harmonious, but altogether magical.”
Lance Strate, Department of Communication and Media Studies, Fordham University, and author of Echoes and Reflections, On the Binding Biases of Time, and Amazing Ourselves to Death
“Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye is the first book to thoroughly address the uncanny relation between these two great Canadian thinkers in a systematic way. B.W. Powe shows a deep knowledge of both McLuhan’s and Frye’s works, as well as of their critics.”
Elena Lamberti, Department of Foreign Languages and Literature, University of Bologna 
External links.
(blog) bwpowe.net 

</doc>
<doc id="6007406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007406" title="Sole markings">
Sole markings

Sole marks are sedimentary structures found on the bases of certain strata, that indicate small-scale (usually on the order of centimetres) grooves or irregularities. This usually occurs at the interface of two differing lithologies and/or grain sizes. They are commonly preserved as casts of these indents on the bottom of the overlying bed (like flute casts). This is similar to casts and molds in fossil preservation. Occurring as they do only at the bottom of beds, and their distinctive shapes, they can make useful way up structures and paleocurrent indicators.
Sole markings are found most commonly in turbidite deposits.
History.
Sole markings were first recognized in the Devonian rocks of New York State by James Hall, 1843. Originally, the features found on the undersides of beds were called hieroglyphs, fucoids, and bio hieroglyphs, because of their structure and how they were thought to be created; however, the term sole mark is used by geologists at present.
Scour marks and flute casts.
Scour marks and flute casts are scours dug into soft, fine sediment which typically get filled by an overlying bed (hence the name cast). Measuring the long axis of the flute cast gives the direction of flow, with the tapered end pointing toward the flow and the steep end up current. The concavity of the flute cast also points stratigraphically up. Flute casts can be characterized into four types, parabolic, spindle-shaped, comet-shaped, and asymmetrical.
Tool marks.
Tool marks are a type of sole marking formed by grooves left in a bed by things like sticks being dragged along by a current. The average direction of these can be assumed to be the flow direction, though it is bimodal, so it could be either way along the mark. Tool marks also have a more specific breakdown. There are grooves and striations, skip or prod marks, and roll marks. Groove or striation marks result from the continuous contact with the muddy bed. Skip or prod marks come from objects that bounce along the surface of the muddy bed. And roll marks result from objects rolling along the muddy bed.
Load casts.
Load casts are secondary structures that are preserved as bulbous depressions on the base of a bed. They form as dense, overlying sediment (usually sand) settles into less dense, water-saturated sediment (usually mud) below.
Groove casts.
Groove casts are straight parallel ridges that are raised a few millimeters from the bedding surface. These structures were named and defined by Shrock in 1948 because of their long and narrow appearance, and they were formed from the filling in of grooves. Even though they may seem similar to flute casts, they each have many distinguishing characteristics, and the two are generally not found in the same vicinity. Groove casts are closely spaced, but not on top of each other, and exist in pairs, triples, and even larger groups. Groove casts form when high velocity flows (e.g. turbidite) create a pattern on an underlying bed. In 1957, Kuenen published that "groove cast" was a general term encompassing both drag marks and slide marks.

</doc>
<doc id="6007407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007407" title="Gord Lane">
Gord Lane

Gordon Thomas Lawrence Lane (born March 31, 1953) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.
Lane played junior in the WCHL, first with the Brandon Wheat Kings and after a trade with the New Westminster Bruins. A strong training ethic and quality coaching resulted in Lane being selected in the NHL draft.
Originally selected in the 1973 NHL Entry Draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins, Lane was signed to a minor league contract with the Fort Wayne Komets. He was subsequently traded to the Dayton Gems, farm team to the Washington Capitals. After winning the Turner Cup with the Dayton Gems, coach Tom McVie and several Gems players were promoted to the Washington Capitals. Signed by the Capitals in 1976, Lane played parts of five seasons with the team, leading the team in penalties in three of those seasons. Unhappy about his playing time with the Caps, he threatened retirement during the 1979–80 season. He was eventually traded to the New York Islanders for forward Mike Kaszycki on December 7, 1979, remaining with that club for the rest of his NHL career. His first game for the Isles was against the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden, a 5–4 loss. Lane immediately made his presence known during the game, throwing several hits while also getting involved in several scrums. Lane's tough, defensive abilities did not go unappreciated by Islanders Head Coach, Al Arbour, who, like Lane, was a stay-at-home defenceman during his own playing career. Lane helped guide the Islanders steady defence during their four straight Stanley Cup championships (1980, 1981, 1982, 1983). Early in the 1983–1984 playoffs, Lane was injured and missed most of the Islanders playoff run. Lane's presence was sorely missed in the Cup finals, as the Oilers skated the tired, battered, and undermanned Islanders into the ice, dethroning the four-time champions in the process. An underrated enforcer who never failed to come to the aid of a teammate in trouble, Lane has been credited over the years with being the Islanders most effective defender during their Stanley Cup run.

</doc>
<doc id="6007424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007424" title="Anthony Russo (whistleblower)">
Anthony Russo (whistleblower)

Anthony J. "Tony" Russo, Jr. (October 14, 1936 – August 6, 2008) was an American researcher who assisted Daniel Ellsberg, his friend and former colleague at the RAND Corporation, in copying the Pentagon Papers.
Early life.
Russo was born in Suffolk, Virginia. He graduated from Virginia Tech with a degree in aeronautical engineering in 1960, then worked on a NASA space capsule program. He continued his education at Princeton University, earning master's degrees in aeronautical engineering and in public affairs. He began working at the RAND Corporation as a researcher in the late 1960s.
Pentagon Papers and trial.
Russo and Ellsberg would be charged with espionage, theft, and conspiracy. On May 11, 1973, a federal court judge dismissed all charges against them. Judge William M. Byrne, Jr. dismissed the case in May 1973 before it reached a jury, after the office of Ellsberg's psychiatrist had been burglarized and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had lost records of what may have been illegally taped telephone conversations. Byrne was also offered the position of FBI director by John Ehrlichman during the trial.
Death.
Russo died of natural causes at his home in Suffolk, Virginia on August 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6007440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007440" title="Samuel David Ferguson">
Samuel David Ferguson

Samuel David Ferguson (January 1, 1842 – August 2, 1916) was the first Black person to be elected a bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. He was born at Charleston, South Carolina and died in Cape Palmas, Liberia.
Ferguson moved with his family to Liberia at age six. He was ordained a deacon on December 28, 1865 and a priest on March 15, 1868. He was consecrated as bishop on June 24, 1885 (Saint John the Baptist's Feast Day), at Grace Church, New York, becoming the first black member of the House of Bishops. He married Mary Leonora Montgomery.
As Missionary Bishop of Liberia, he founded what is now Cuttington University College. Rev. Ferguson also established the Bromley Mission School. One of his proteges, Raphael Morgan became an Episcopal priest in the United States, but ultimately converted to the Russian Orthodox Church.
Rev. Ferguson remained in Liberia until his death, in Monrovia in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="6007447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007447" title="Crane Flat Campground">
Crane Flat Campground

Crane Flat Campground, elevation , is located in Yosemite National Park, northwest of Yosemite Valley. Of all campgrounds outside of Yosemite Valley, Crane Flat is the closest to the Valley in terms of mileage and travel time (20 minutes). The campground is directly off the road. Each campsite contains a fire ring, picnic table, and food locker, and is near a bathroom with potable water and flushing toilets.
A reservation is required to stay at Crane Flat. Crane Flat is one of the more crowded campsites outside the Valley, but it is a little less noisy than those in the Valley. There are a total of 271 campsites in 5 different driving loops to choose from. The terrain of Crane Flat is very similar to campgrounds in the Valley though it is higher in elevation and not as flat. Trees surround and tower over the campsites making way for very shady campsite environments. 
Directly outside of the campground entrance is Crane Flat Gas Station and Store.The campground is about 100 yards from the three roads branches: HWY 120W to San Francisco, HWY 120E to Tioga Road, Big Oak Flat Road to Yosemite Valley.
In the winter time, the campground is converted into a Snow Play Area. Parking in the winter for this snow play area is extremely limited.
Destinations Nearby.
Heading North-East
Heading South-East

</doc>
<doc id="6007454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007454" title="The Flash (video game)">
The Flash (video game)

The Flash is an action video game based on the DC Comics superhero of the same name. It was developed and manufactured by Sega and Probe Entertainment for the Sega Master System in 1993. The game's release followed approximately two years after the cancellation of the Flash TV series on CBS.
Plot.
From the instruction manual:
Gameplay.
The game is played from the typical platform style of the scrolling side on, 2D, 3rd person viewpoint. The player controls Flash though the levels in which they must achieve 2 primary goals. 
There is also a secondary goal of collecting the gems that were stolen which increases the players score. 
If the player fails to make it to the exit within the time limit the FED tracks Flash down and kills him upon contact. While the player can run from the FED (giving them a last gasp effort to make it to the end of the level) due to the FED's ability to move over the screen regardless of the physical restraints that the player must encounter (e.g. walls) the player is eventually doomed to losing a life.
The FED acts as a more realistic method for imposing a time limit rather than the player just suddenly dying like in many platform games of this era.
Levels.
The levels in the game are given the title "Episode." Each Episode is split into two zones. At the beginning of zone 1, Tina from S.T.A.R. Labs will report to Flash on the whereabouts and activities of the Trickster giving the player an intro to the Episode and to help advance the storyline. At the end of the second zone in each Episode, Flash must face Trickster in his Trickstermobile. While the boss in the "boss stage" remains the same throughout the game, the Trickstermobile increases in difficulty with additional weapons and speed as the game progresses.
Reception.
Critical reception to "The Flash" was mixed. Some found the fast pace of the game too difficult to control while others appreciated the depth in graphics, level design, and the soundtrack. However, by 1993, the Sega Master System was no longer supported in the Japanese and United States markets. Thus, the game's existence in the world's two biggest video game countries went relatively unnoticed and remains an obscure European release to this day. However, it is highly valued by some retro game collectors for this very reason.
Game Boy game.
A different "Flash" game was released for Game Boy in 1991 by THQ. The Game Boy version was also based on the The Flash TV series, and had a password system. Unlike the Master System release, it was released in the United States.
Other games.
In 2006, The Flash starred in "" for the Game Boy Advance. It is a spin-off of the game "Justice League Heroes".

</doc>
<doc id="6007459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007459" title="Wafu">
Wafu

Wafu can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6007473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007473" title="Andrew Yule and Company">
Andrew Yule and Company

Andrew Yule & Co. Ltd. is an Indian manufacturing and industrial conglomerate, primarily owned by the Indian Government. It is the main company owned by the Yule Group. It is currently headquartered in Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), and has offices in the main Indian cities. The majority of the products and services offered by the company's subsidiaries are related to heavy industry and engineering.
History.
The business was originally founded by Andrew Yule in 1863 and incorporated as a private company in 1919. During British Raj the company was a large conglomerate. The company had varied and diversified business interests ranging from jute, cotton, coal, tea, engineering, electrical, power, chemicals, insurance, railways, shipping, paper, printing apart from maintaining a zamindari and managing house of several companies in India. The company was managed by Andrew Yule and his brother George Yule and later by David Yule. The company was turned into a public company in 1948, after India's independence from the British Empire. It became a central public sector enterprise (CPSE) (schedule B company) in 1979, after the Indian government completed a series of equity share acquisitions (49% in 1974 and 2% in 1979). As of 2011, the shareholders are the Indian government (97.46%), Financial Institutions (0.33%), and the remainder publicly traded (2.21%).
Company organization.
Yule & co. is a public sector company under the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises. 
Engineering Division.
The engineering division is located in Kalyani, West Bengal, and produces industrial fans and blowers, air pollution control equipment, water treatment plants, tea processing machinery, and engineering turnkey contracts.
Electrical Division.
The electrical division produces power and distribution transformers, high voltage switching gear, low voltage control gear, flame proof switch gear, voltage regulators and rectifiers, plant communication, and fire alarm and detection systems. The switchgear and electrical systems group is located in Kolkata, while the transformer & switchgear unit is located in Chennai.
Tea Division.
This division produces bulk tea. It has 5 locations in West Bengal: Mim Tea Estate at Darjeeling, Karbala, Banarhat, Choonabhutti and New Dooars Tea Estates at Dooars. Another 10 locations are in Assam: Khowang, Bhamun, Hingrijan, Basmatia, Desam, Tinkong, Rajgarh, Hoolungoorie, Murphulani and Bogijan Tea Estates.
Business Development Group.
The business development group produces CAD & GIS applications, digitization, archiving, vectorization, and scanning of drawings, among other services.
Tide Water Oil Co. (India) Ltd..
This division produces automotive& industrial lubricants and greases.
Associated companies.
Descon Ltd..
Descon provides consultant services in the power and energy sector, management consultancy, and software development.
Webfil Ltd..
Webfil is a telecommunications provider, offering a digital micro radio telecommunication network, fibre optic communication systems, multiplexers and message switching systems, and telecommunication network services. Additionally it manufactures filaments for GLS lamps, and cathodes for fluorescent Lamps.
Yule Financing & Leasing Co..
This company provides loan syndication, capital restructuring, financial re-engineering, management of insurance for medium-sized capital business units, and corporate advisory services.
Subsidiary companies.
Hooghly Printing Co. Ltd..
This subsidiary provides multi-colour offset printing. It has regional offices in New Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai

</doc>
<doc id="6007475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007475" title="Señora">
Señora

Señora (1988) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and broadcast on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by José Ignacio Cabrujas, Ibsen Martínez (scripts), Cristina Policastro (scripts), and Eliseo Morales (scripts) and directed by Luis Alberto Lamata and Aura Guevara. The series lasted 229 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Synopsis.
Young, mischievous and rebellious, Eugenia has been sentenced to five years in prison for a minor offense. She knows that District Attorney Diego Mendoza is responsible for the unusually harsh sentence and she vows to get revenge. A few years later, upon her release, Eugenia's only family is the woman who raised her. But the woman dies a few days later, leaving only a woman's name on a piece of paper and a message saying it was the truth of her past. Later, a terrible accident brings Eugenia face to face with the man who put her in jail. Fleeing the police, Eugenia goes to work for a domineering woman who blackmails her, but who has a powerful influence on her life. In this new world, Eugenia meets a man who falls in love with her and worships her, but Eugenia has no time for love. She is obsessed with her passion for vengeance against the man who ruined her life. Eugenia cannot know that fate, in all its irony, has prepared a trap for her.
Theme song.
The theme song to Señora is "Di Que Tu", performed by Carlos Mata.

</doc>
<doc id="6007487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007487" title="Mark Lofthouse">
Mark Lofthouse

Mark Allen Lofthouse (born April 21, 1957 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a former Canadian ice hockey player who played right wing.
Drafted in 1977 by both the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League and the Winnipeg Jets of the World Hockey Association, Lofthouse also played 40 games for the Detroit Red Wings.
Lofthouse suited up for the Capitals again on December 31, 2010 for an alumni game against the Pittsburgh Penguins. The game was held on Heinz Field on the day before the NHL Winter Classic and Lofthouse scored in the first period, tying the game.

</doc>
<doc id="6007490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007490" title="American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists">
American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists

The American Association of Textile Chemists and Colorists (AATCC) is a not-for-profit association that provides test method development, quality control materials, and professional networking for textile professionals throughout the world.
Activities.
AATCC has developed more than 200 textile-related test methods and evaluation procedures. These methods are published each year in the "AATCC Technical Manual". AATCC also manages several functions relating to International Organization for Standardization (ISO) textile test method development (AATCC is secretary of ISO TC38 SC1 and SC2) on behalf of the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). AATCC offers test method training in 11 locations around the globe, test method proficiency programs, and quality control products for use in conducting its test methods.
AATCC publishes a journal, "AATCC Review", containing technical articles, peer-reviewed research, and news for textile professionals. A monthly newsletter is distributed by e-mail. Other publications include books, training CDs, and online instruction.
The association conducts educational programs such as workshops, seminars, conferences, and symposia on many aspects of textiles. Proficiency programs are available for labs to participate in.
Each year, AATCC honors outstanding members and the greater textile community with a number of awards, including the Olney Medal for outstanding achievement in textile chemistry. The Millson Award for Invention recognizes outstanding contributions to textile technology, the Harold C. Chapin Award is presented for exemplary service to AATCC, and the J. William Weaver Paper of the Year Award goes to the authors of the best peer-reviewed manuscript published in "AATCC Review" during the year. Students may compete for several awards including a research paper competition, a fabric and textile product design competition, and a materials design competition.
AATCC Foundation Inc. was established in 1997 and operates independently in the furtherance of the charitable mission of the association by providing scholarships and research grants to undergraduate and graduate students studying textiles and related fields.
AATCC works in cooperation with other textile associations including the Textile Institute (UK), Asociación Argentina de Químicos y Coloristas Textiles (Argentina), and the China Textile Information Center (China). Together with its counterpart in the United Kingdom, the Society of Dyers and Colourists, AATCC maintains the Colour Index International, a reference database of pigments and dyes.
Organization.
Local sections and student chapters are formed by association members located in a particular geographical area. Sections and chapters further the exchange of textile information by arranging meetings, lectures, and other technical or social activities. Several sections make up a region.
AATCC is administered by a board of directors, including regional representatives who are elected by the members from their region. Eligible members of all regions elect the AATCC President. AATCC staff is based at the AATCC Technical Center and provide administrative assistance to the board.
Research committees, made up of volunteer members, are responsible for test method development. Administrative committees, also consisting of volunteer members, are responsible for the various activities of the association.
There are three interest groups within AATCC:
Chemical Applications Interest Group.
Stimulates and expands its members' knowledge base of applying chemicals (preparation aids, colorants, finishes, polymers, etc.) to textile substrates. This includes the technologies, equipment, systems, and processes used, as well as the tested physical/mechanical properties of treated materials.
Concept 2 Consumer (C2C) Interest Group.
Focuses on the creation of textiles and textile-containing products, from design to retail. C2C activities promote the association to the retail, merchandising, and design communities to increase membership and participation in activities benefiting textile, apparel, and home fashions production.
Materials Interest Group.
Addresses the latest innovations in fibers and fiber products, including smart textiles, novel fibers, medical/biomedical, and protective textiles. Areas of interest include modifications of existing structures and the creation of unique chemical-, polymer-, and fiber-based materials. The Materials Interest Group concentrates on the science and engineering used to create new materials, along with any technologies, equipment, systems, and processes developed for their commercial production and their tested physical/mechanical properties.
History.
AATCC was founded in 1921 by Louis Olney and other textile professionals in the Boston area (Massachusetts, USA). Since 1964, the association has been headquartered at the AATCC Technical Center in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, USA. A complete history of AATCC (to 1996) is covered in the book "Dyeing for a Living" by Mark Clark and published by AATCC.
Membership.
AATCC has individual, student, and corporate members in areas of the textile industry such as retail quality control, design, and merchandising; textile and apparel manufacturing; textile fiber, dye, chemical, instrument, and machinery manufacturing; testing labs; and academia. Several other textile-related associations are also members of AATCC.

</doc>
<doc id="6007496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007496" title="Sarasota metropolitan area">
Sarasota metropolitan area

The Sarasota metropolitan area is a metropolitan area on the western (Gulf) coast of the U.S. state of Florida. 
The U.S. federal government has defined the North Port–Sarasota–Bradenton metropolitan statistical area as a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) consisting of Manatee County and Sarasota County. The largest cities in the MSA are North Port and Sarasota (both in Sarasota County) and Bradenton (in Manatee County). At the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 702,281. The Census Bureau estimates that its population was 720,042 in 2012. 
Additionally, the federal government defines the North Port–Sarasota combined statistical area as a combined statistical area (CSA) consisting of the combination of the North Port–Sarasota–Bradenton MSA, the Punta Gorda, Florida MSA (Charlotte County), and the Arcadia, Florida, micropolitan statistical area (DeSoto County).
History of the metropolitan area designations.
The Sarasota standard metropolitan statistical area (SMSA) was first defined in 1973, and included only Sarasota County. The Bradenton SMSA was defined after the 1980 United States Census, and included only Manatee County. The two MSAs were combined in 1993 as the Sarasota–Bradenton metropolitan statistical area. Venice was added as a principal city after the 2000 census. In 2007, the MSA was renamed the Bradenton–Sarasota–Venice MSA because Bradenton's population then exceeded that of Sarasota. In 2009, the area was designated the North Port–Bradenton–Sarasota MSA after North Port qualified as a "principal city" under the metropolitan statistical area definition and was determined to be the largest of the area's three principal cities. As of 2013, the MSA is named the North Port–Sarasota–Bradenton metropolitan statistical area.
The North Port–Sarasota–Bradenton MSA is a component of the larger North Port–Sarasota combined statistical area, which also includes the Punta Gorda, Florida, MSA and the Arcadia, Florida, micropolitan statistical area. 
The federal MSA delineation and nomenclature were criticized by a "Sarasota Herald-Tribune" columnist. The columnist noted that the order of principal cities in the MSA'a name is based on their relative populations, placing North Port first because its population is somewhat higher than the populations of Sarasota and Bradenton. According to the column, not only is the population difference small, but the population ranking does not reflect the actual relative significance of the three cities. North Port is a spread-out suburban community on a land area of about , while Sarasota is a concentrated urban center on less than . The columnist also objected to the MSA boundaries, noting that North Port is much closer to Port Charlotte than it is to Sarasota and Bradenton and stating that North Port is generally treated as part of the Port Charlotte area.
Demographics.
At the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 702,281, a 19% increase over the 2000 census population of 589,959. The Census Bureau estimates that the area's population was 720,042 in 2012, a 2.5% increase since the 2010 census.
Climate.
The Sarasota metropolitan area, like most of Florida, is located in the humid subtropical zone (Köppen climate classification:"Cfa"). There are hot, humid summers with frequent afternoon thunderstorms and relatively drier and mild winters.

</doc>
<doc id="6007526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007526" title="Heathrow station">
Heathrow station

Heathrow station could refer to one of a number of stations serving London Heathrow Airport
London Underground stations:
National Rail stations:

</doc>
<doc id="6007549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007549" title="XF5700 Mantis">
XF5700 Mantis

XF5700 Mantis (or XF5700 Mantis Experimental Fighter, its full title) is a space combat simulator developed and published by MicroProse for DOS in 1992. 
Gameplay.
Using what was dubbed "real physics", the "XF5700 Mantis" attempts to simulate space physics otherwise known as Newtonian physics. If the thrust is hit, the craft will glide through space (like a boat through water) and will not change directions readily like in other space sims. The game's AI is faulty at times, Sirian craft could always target the player and plot a suicide course against the player rather than trying to kill the wingmates. Some missions tend to be repetitive. Later on, a digitized speechpack upgrade was released.
Plot.
Based on "Warhead" by Glyn Williams, "Mantis" takes the plot further by using 90 missions. In what is possibly a rewrite of Williams's game, the invasion by the Sirian aliens (now dubbed "Sirians") takes place on March 16, 2094, leaving 3 billion humans dead. Earth was unprepared for the attack due to a recent war in the Middle East (Eurisian War) that took place thus exhasting the resources for defense against aliens. After Earth was devastated, the governments were dissolved in favor of a unified power called the Fist Of Earth. FOE is Earth's final hope to eliminate the Sirian threat. FOE's defenses is SolBase and the XF5700 Mantis. "Viper" (the player) is a Mantis pilot who was enlisted by FOE to fight the Sirians.
The aliens, which are now called "Sirians", are bug-like creatures which look like giant cockroaches, but have a strong collective group mind using telepathic messages when in groups. At first the Sirians were tiny "roaches" on their home planet, but as time passed, they evolved and eventually took over the dominant race on the planet Siria, wiped them out, and assimilated their technology. Siria later became uninhabitable. Sirians need vertebrate creatures in which to lay eggs to produces new Sirians; this is why the Sirians targeted Earth after searching for a new home planet.
Reception.
Citing the claims on the game's packaging, "Computer Gaming World" stated that ""Mantis" is neither a successor to that 'other' space adventure nor is it an 'Ultra-realistic space flight simulation' ... The flight model is weak, the action limited, and overall gameplay, poor ... a null game."

</doc>
<doc id="6007567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007567" title="Robert Gayre">
Robert Gayre

George Robert Gayre of Gayre and Nigg (6 August 1907 – February 10, 1996) was a Scottish anthropologist who founded "Mankind Quarterly", a peer-reviewed academic journal which has been described as a "cornerstone of the scientific racism establishment". An expert on heraldry, he also founded "The Armorial", and produced many books on this subject.
Education and military service.
Gayre was born as Robert "Gair" on August 6, 1907 in Dublin to William Gillies Gair and Mary O'Connor. He earned an MA from University of Edinburgh, then studied at Exeter College, Oxford.
Gayre served with the British Expeditionary Force in France in 1939, as a Lieutenant-Colonel in the Royal Artillery afterwards becoming Educational Adviser to the Allied Military Government of Italy, based in Palermo, where he fought for the exclusion of left-wing text-books and communist influence from the Italian education system. He was thereafter Director of Education to the Allied Control Commission for Italy, based in Naples; and Chief of Education and Religious Affairs, German Planning Unit, Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force. After the war he spent a considerable amount of time in India where he was instrumental in the establishment of the Italo-Indian Institute.
Heraldry.
Both Gayre and Sir Thomas Innes of Learney were authors of books on heraldry. As Chief of Clan Gayre, Gayre appended "of Gayre and Nigg" becoming Grand Almoner, and Hereditary Commander of Lochore, of the Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem.
His 1959 book "Heraldic Standards and Other Ensigns: Their development and history" is considered an important work on the subject, and he contributed on the topic to "Encyclopædia Britannica".
"Mankind Quarterly" and publications on race.
Gayre was one of the founders and an editor of "Mankind Quarterly" from 1960 to 1978, and was honorary editor-in-chief thereafter.
The magazine has been called a "cornerstone of the scientific racism establishment" and a "white supremacist journal", "scientific racism's keepers of the flame", a journal with a "racist orientation" and an "infamous racist journal", and "journal of 'scientific racism'".
In 1968 he testified on behalf of members of the Racial Preservation Society who were charged under the Race Relations Act for publishing racialist material. They prevailed in their defence. In his evidence to the court Gayre described blacks as being "feckless" and he maintained that scientific evidence showed that blacks "prefer their leisure to the dynamism which the white and yellow races show."
Titles, styles and controversies.
Previous generations of Gayre's paternal line of ancestors all used the spelling "Gair" as far back as the 17th century. Gayre's university degree in the mid-1920s was likewise issued with the "Gair" spelling, but he began spelling it "Gayre" at least as early as 1943. In 1957, after the death of his father, he legally changed his surname to "Gayre of Gayre and Nigg", a title that had never before been used.
Gayre claimed to be the Chief of "Clan Gayre" and "Clan Gayre and Nigg". In 1947, he wrote a book titled "Gayre's Booke: Being a History of the Family of Gayre" in which he presented an ancestry that supposedly established his claim to be the chieftain of the Clan of Gayre; however no clan or sept by that name is mentioned in any record prior to Gayre's use of it in the second quarter of the 20th century. "World Orders of Knighthood and Merit" by Guy Stair Sainty (published by Burke's Peerage) refers to Gayre as ""...the late Robert Gayre (first Chief of the newly formed Clan Gayre)..."". The Glasgow Herald Newspaper, on June 14, 1975, wrote ""Robert Gayre, of Gayre and Nigg, is singular among genealogists, dynasts and the like, if only for the reason that, along among them, he has been able to create a Scottish clan from scratch, providing it with traditions, rituals, precedences and privileges..."" 
Gayre also claimed to be "Baron of Lochoreshire". This was not a title that Gayre inherited or was bestowed but rather one that he assumed after he purchased the seat of the feudal Barony of Lochore. Nor was the feudal Barony ever previously described as "Lochoreshire"; it was always the "Barony of Lochore", which was located within an area that was known in medieval times as Lochoreshire. Other claimed titles and honours include being Chamberlain to the Prince of Lippe, Knight of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George of Naples, Knight Commander of the Cross of Merit (Military Division) of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta, Knight Commander of the Order of Lippe, Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem and Knight Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy.
In the early 1960s, Gayre was appointed "Commissioner-General of the English Tongue" of the Order of Saint Lazarus, one of the many neo-chivalrous self-styled orders that arose in the early-20th century. This placed him in control of the entire operations of the Order in Britain.
In 1964, Gayre formed the International Commission on Orders of Chivalry (ICOC), an ostensibly academic but non-authoritative panel whose purpose was to review and approve of or reject claimed Orders of Chivalry. The Commission originally included many holders of legitimate titles and honours, but when it became evident that Gayre intended to bolster the legitimacy of the Order of St. Lazarus through the Commission's published Register, a number of the original members resigned in protest. The ICOC continued to act as a vehicle for promoting the cause of establishing the Order of St. Lazarus' legitimacy until Gayre's death in 1996. In this, he was assisted by his friend, protege, fellow member of the Order of St. Lazarus, and Vice-President of the ICOC, Terence MacCarthy.
Nazi ties.
In 1944 Gayre wrote "Teuton and Slav on the Polish frontier:a diagnosis of the racial basis of the Germano-Polish borderlands, with suggestions for the settlement of German and Slav claims" using photos by the Nazi Hans F. K. Günther and refers several times to ""Professor Hans F.K. Günther's authoritative work on German racial science". Like 
Günther, he was a leading member of the post-war Neo-Nazi Northern League and according to Joseph L. Graves and others had close ties to other neo-Nazi organisations. Graves and William H. Tucker state that Gayre considered himself a Strasserist, an ideology "which emphasized the "socialism" in National Socialism, rejecting both communism and capitalism as Jewish-dominated systems that had to be overthrown in favor of an approach based on white racial solidarity." He denied any links between Nazism and "Mankind Quarterly" while lamenting the identification by most of the word "Nazi" with "Hitlerian Nazi".
Publications on ancient Zimbabwe.
Gayre wrote some articles and a book proposing a Semitic origin for Great Zimbabwe, maintaining that the Lemba are descended through their male line from the creators of the original Zimbabwean civilization, and citing evidence including burial and circumcision practices. He suggested that the Shona artefacts which were found at Great Zimbabwe and in numerous other stone ruins nearby, were placed there only after they conquered the country and drove out or absorbed the previous inhabitants; he added that the ones who remained would probably have passed some of their skills and knowledge to the invaders.
According to Gayre, the agricultural terracing and irrigation channels in the Nyanga District of northeast of Zimbabwe was a product of the same ancient civilization – as too were the hundreds of ancient gold mines in the country.
Most archaeologists disagree with Gayre's interpretation and conclusions: they maintain that Great Zimbabwe was constructed by ancestors of the Shona, as were the terraces, furrows and settlements of ancient Nyanga. - although his positions have been supported in a 2012 article in Mankind Quarterly.

</doc>
<doc id="6007584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007584" title="Liquid Soul (album)">
Liquid Soul (album)

Liquid Soul is the debut album by Liquid Soul.

</doc>
<doc id="6007599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007599" title="Bishop's Stortford High School">
Bishop's Stortford High School

The Bishop's Stortford High School (often abbreviated to TBSHS) is a comprehensive secondary school, with a coeducational sixth form, in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, England. The school admits boys aged 11 to 16 in the first five forms, with a mixed sixth form of boys and girls aged 16 to 18. The school has specialisms in Mathematics and Computing, and focuses on these areas, as well as music, drama, sport, possessing state-of-the-art in-house computing facilities and providing assistance to local schools in this area. The current Headmaster Mr D Reeve was appointed in January 2014.
History.
From the 1980s onwards the school extensively added to its original buildings; a dedicated Sixth Form Centre was built and the Turing Suite (an extensive computing and ICT facility, named after Alan Turing) was constructed. A drama studio named 'Broadway' and an on-site sports pavilion were also added to the school, in addition to the set of playing fields at Jobber's Wood. The school site also has 'Newton', a combined Design technology, Science and Languages block named after Sir Isaac Newton which opened in 1995.
Awards and recognition.
Deputy Head Paul Noble was recognised as a regional winner in 2000 the BT Award for Most Creative Use of ICT – Secondary.
In 2003, two students from the school were national champions in the English-Speaking Union's Public Speaking Competition, winning the English national final out of a field of 500 schools. In the faceoff of the English, Irish, Scottish and Welsh national tournaments, Nick Devlin and Richard Goodman of The Bishop's Stortford High School were selected as champions and were awarded the Silver Mace.
A student from the school was a member of the four-person English team at the 15th World Schools Debating Championships in Lima, Peru.
On 5 November 2007 the school won the Becta award for "ICT Excellence in Leadership and Management". The school was described as a "successful all-boys school".
Academic performance.
Overall, the School was rated "Very Good", point two on a seven-point scale, whilst the component 'Enrichment of the curriculum, including out-of-school activities' was rated "Excellent", point one, by Ofsted in their report on 22 April 2005. In a subsequent inspection in 2008, the school was rated as "Outstanding".
In an inspection report, independent government schools adjudicator Ofsted said: "This is a very good school which provides very good value for money and is highly thought of in the local community. The high quality of much of the teaching enables the students to achieve very well throughout the school. Standards are well above average by GCSE and above average in the sixth form."
In a more recent inspection on the 1–2 May 2013 and under a new scheme of inspection, the school was rated overall as "Good" with the category 'Behaviour and safety of pupils' being rated as "Outstanding".
School organisation.
Schools.
In pastoral care the year groups (Years 7 to 11; 12 to 13) are grouped together into 'schools':
Houses.
There are six 'Houses'. These Houses centre on local areas or history in the town: Chantry, Dane, Meads, Rhodes, Twyford and Waytemore. The Houses apply to all year groups, and individual pupils are assigned to a House. Each House is also run by a teacher called a 'Head Of House'. 5 boys from each house represent the house as Captain, Deputy, Sports, Music/Drama, and Charity. Their job is to make sure their house is being run properly, such as 'house assemblies' and 'house meetings'. Every pupil, from year 9 onwards, has the opportunity to be awarded 'House Colours' for outstanding contributions to extracurricular activities, such as sport, music, drama and debating. Once students progress into the sixth form the House Colours are removed, however, they have the opportunity to earn School Colours.
Sixth Form.
Every 'sixth former' is automatically appointed as a Prefect, which is shown by them wearing a black and gold striped tie, with the school's gold mitre in the black band. However, only in the second year of student's Sixth Form career are they required to carry out break and lunch time duties, which essentially involve ensuring the rules of school are enforced. Unlike the Lower and Middle schools, the sixth form admits girls from the local area, with many coming from Hockerill or The Hertfordshire and Essex High School.
Extra-curricular activities.
The Bishops Stortford High School has the reputation as being one of the best state schools in the South East of England for rugby union taking on and beating some of the best private schools in the country. The school's Parent Sports Association is actively involved with supporting sport within the school. The Rugby Union squad went on a tour of Australia in 2009 and again in 2012.
"Interact" is the school's charity and raises funds for both local and international charities. Interact is a branch of the Rotary Club and its membership is open for all members of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="6007603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007603" title="James Ramsay (Australian governor)">
James Ramsay (Australian governor)

Commodore Sir James Maxwell Ramsay (27 August 19161 May 1986) served as Governor of Queensland, Australia from 22 April 1977 until 21 July 1985.
Ramsay was one of six surviving children, he attended the Macquarie Street State School and The Hutchins School in Hobart. He proved himself to be quite adept at what he attempted in these schools; he was successful in becoming a cadet captain, excelled in Rugby, and was a high achiever in academic and professional subjects. He graduated from the Royal Australian Naval College at Jervis Bay in 1933 and had a distinguished naval career. In 1945 Ramsay attended Royal Naval Staff College, Greenwich, England, and in the same year married Janet Grace Burley. During World War II he served on British and Australian ships in the Indian, Atlantic, and Pacific Oceans, and 1972 he retired from the Navy. He served as Lieutenant-Governor of Western Australia from 1974 until 1977.
Ramsay married Janet Burley, a Red Cross welfare officer, on 24 November 1945 at the parish church, Denham, Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6007618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007618" title="Blue eared pheasant">
Blue eared pheasant

The blue eared pheasant ("Crossoptilon auritum") is a large, up to long, dark blue-grey pheasant with velvet black crown, red bare facial skin, yellow iris, long white ear coverts behind the eyes and crimson legs. Its tail of twenty-four elongated bluish grey feathers is curved, loose and dark-tipped. Both sexes are similar with slightly larger male.
The blue eared pheasant is found throughout mountain forests of central China. The diet consists mainly of berries and vegetable matter.
One of the most common and numerous eared pheasants, the blue eared pheasant is evaluated as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.

</doc>
<doc id="6007636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007636" title="John J. Douglass">
John J. Douglass

John Joseph Douglass (February 9, 1873 – April 5, 1939) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts.
Life and career.
He was born in East Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, on February 9, 1873. Douglass graduated from Boston College in 1893 and from the law department of Georgetown University, Washington, D.C., in 1896. He was admitted to the bar in 1897 and commenced practice in Boston.
Douglass was a member of the Massachusetts State House of Representatives in 1899, 1900, 1906, and again in 1913. Douglass was delegate to the Massachusetts constitutional convention in 1917 and 1918; author and playwright; delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1928 and 1932. Douglass was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-ninth and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1925 – January 3, 1935); chairman, House Committee on Education (Seventy-second and Seventy-third Congresses). Douglass was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1934. Douglass resumed the practice of law; served as commissioner of penal institutions of Boston from 1935 until his death in West Roxbury, Massachusetts in 1939.
Douglass is buried in St. Joseph Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6007639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007639" title="Every Heartbeat">
Every Heartbeat

"Every Heartbeat" is a 1991 single by Christian music singer Amy Grant. It was released as the third single from the "Heart In Motion" album, though it was the second from the album to be released to mainstream pop radio. After the unexpected major success of Grant's previous single, "Baby Baby," which topped both the United States' Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts, there seemed the question on how to follow it up. The chosen single was "Every Heartbeat," and although it did not hit number one, it still managed to make the #2 spot on the Hot 100 and the Adult Contemporary chart. Charlie Peacock wrote the song's music and chorus lyrics, with Grant and Wayne Kirkpatrick composing the remaining lyrics. In 2004, Sixpence None The Richer covered "Every Heartbeat" on the album "Full Circle: A Celebration of Songs and Friends", which commemorated Charlie Peacock's 20-year anniversary as a solo recording artist. Mark Lowry parodied the song with the title "Every Teacher".
Music video.
A music video was produced to promote the single. Actress Musetta Vander is featured in it.

</doc>
<doc id="6007643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007643" title="John Kennedy (engineer)">
John Kennedy (engineer)

Sir John Kennedy (26 September 1838 – 25 October 1921) was a Canadian civil engineer. 
He was born at Spencerville, Ontario, and was educated at McGill University. In 1863 he was appointed assistant city engineer of Montreal. In 1871 he became division engineer, and later chief engineer of the Great Western System of Canada. In 1875-1907 he was chief engineer of the Montreal harbour commission. He deepened the ship canal between Montreal and Quebec from 20 to 27½ feet (6.1 to 8.4 m) and designed and carried out all the improvements in Montreal harbor during 32 years. He was a member of several royal commissions for engineering purposes connected with the Lachine Canal, the causes of floods at Montreal, and the completion of the Trent Valley Canal system.
He was made a Knight Bachelor in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="6007672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007672" title="The Snell Show">
The Snell Show

The Snell Show is a short film by Scottish-born director, Andrew Black. The film is a black comedy featuring a nuclear explosion at a family get-together.
The film has multiple levels of meaning. It can be taken as a straightforward satire on nuclear weapons and the Cold War or a commentary on how commonplace and mundane technology has become in our lives. Says director Black: "Both of these were in my mind as I wrote the screenplay — and then 9/11 happened. The world was inundated with visions of collapsing skyscrapers and burning wreckage — and we couldn’t stop watching. For me, the film became more about our fascination with violence and how it is frequently presented as a form of spectacle and entertainment through the media.'
Author of the short story, Darl Larsen, adds: "The genre that might be called "nuclear fiction" has always fascinated me, especially the often-banal way we tend to treat the most destructive force in our possession and "The Snell Show" seemed a fitting tribute to such ambivalence".
After winning the Grand Jury Prize at the 2003 Slamdance Film Festival, "The Snell Show" went on to play many festivals across the nation, including the HBO US Comedy Arts Festival, Maryland Film Festival, AFI Film Festival, and Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6007675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007675" title="PDM Racing">
PDM Racing

PDM Racing is a racing team in the Indy Racing League and USAC Silver Crown series owned by Paul Diatlovich. Almost always a low budget team and affectionately (or unaffectionately) dubbed "Poor Dumb Mechanics" by one of its former owners, it is known to make the most out of mediocre equipment. The team was founded in 1996 with the inception of the Indy Racing League and ran full seasons until 2002 when rising costs forced the team to scale back to a part-time venture. The team is most known for bringing three-time champion Sam Hornish, Jr. into the league in 2000. Hornish earned the team's best finish that season, a 3rd at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
The team fielded a USAC Silver Crown team with its car driven by Thiago Medeiros whom they also fielded a car for in the 2006 Indianapolis 500. The team entered the 2007 Indianapolis 500 with driver Jimmy Kite returning to the team, but they were unable to come within of the speed necessary to make the field and failed to qualify.
During the 2008 season the team partnered with American Spirit Racing to field Cyndie Allemann in the Firestone Indy Lights Series providing technical support and a base of operations. PDM Racing entered the Indy 500 but did not make an appearance. PDM Racing continued working with ASR to field the Indy Lights car driven by Junior Strous until the Freedom 100 when the program folded. The team has returned to Indy Lights in 2010 under its own banner with driver Rodrigo Barbosa.

</doc>
<doc id="6007679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007679" title="Errol Rausse">
Errol Rausse

Errol Attilio Rausse (born May 18, 1959 in Quesnel, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
Drafted in 1979 by the Washington Capitals, Rausse played parts of three seasons with the Capitals, spending most of his time in the minor leagues with the Hershey Bears. He remained with the organization until 1983 when he would leave North America and play eleven seasons in Italy with Alleghe HC before finally retiring from active play in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="6007684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007684" title="Louisiana Highway 3017">
Louisiana Highway 3017

Louisiana Highway 3017 (LA 3017) is a north–south state highway in Louisiana that serves Jefferson and Plaquemines Parishes. It spans in a southeast to northwest direction. LA 3017 is commonly referred to as Peters Road in Jefferson Parish and Engineers Road in Plaquemines Parish.
Route description.
From the southeast, LA 3017 begins at an intersection with LA 23 (Belle Chasse Highway). The route (at this point commonly called Engineers Road) then runs in a southwesterly direction between Bayou Barataria and the ICWW. As it nears the Harvey Canal, it turns northward and crosses Bayou Barataria into Jefferson Parish. At this point, LA 3017 is known as Peters Road. The highway continues northward along the east side of the Harvey Canal. It eventually passes Lapalco Boulevard and BUS US 90 (the West Bank Expressway) before ending at LA 18 (4th Street).
Like its counterpart LA 3018 (which runs parallel to the west side of the canal), LA 3017's length is lined with industrial, shipping, and oil service companies due to its proximity to the shipping channel.
At one point in history, LA 3017 provided a secondary access route to Plaquemines Parish south of Belle Chasse, as the road connected with Concord Road, which met Belle Chasse Highway south of the town. With the completion of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway and, later, Callendar Field, the middle part of Concord Road was removed; however, North Concord remains and is located near the Engineers Canal, and South Concord is located just north of the Oronite plant.

</doc>
<doc id="6007686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007686" title="Hot Rods to Hell">
Hot Rods to Hell

Hot Rods to Hell is a 1967 suspense film. It was director John Brahm's last film.
Background and production.
The film was originally intended for television release, and was in fact shot in the 4:3 "full-screen" aspect ratio that persisted on television for decades even after film had long since gone to wide-screen aspect ratios of 1.65:1, 2:1, or even 2.25:1. When the project was finished, however, the producers deemed it too intense for television and released it to theaters (including drive-in theaters) instead, with a runtime of 92 minutes.
Based originally on a "Saturday Evening Post" story, the movie project originally had the title "52 Miles to Terror"
Eventually, ABC-TV bought the broadcast rights and exhibited the film on their ABC Sunday Night Movie series in 1968. Unaccountably, they used a print having a runtime of 100 minutes. When Turner Classic Movies bought the rights to MGM's extensive film library, they acquired the 100-minute print.
Plot.
Traveling salesman Tom Phillips (Dana Andrews) is driving home to Boston, Massachusetts for Christmas when he encounters a drunken driver on a rain-streaked road. He cannot avoid a collision, and is hospitalized with spinal damage. Since he cannot be a traveling salesman anymore, his brother arranges for Tom to buy a remote motel in the desert town of Mayville, California. Tom is reluctant, since he has never been an innkeeper before—but in the end he decides that he must travel in order to get as far away from the site of his accident as possible, as soon as possible.
So Tom sets out for California with his wife, teen-aged daughter, and son. But when they reach the desert they are accosted by a pair of drag racers and a "party girl" in a modified, high-performance 1958 Chevrolet Corvette who jokingly force them to swerve and avoid a collision.
This is only the first of a series of escalating encounters with the local youth. Teenaged children of relatively well-off local farmers, they are apparently given "everything they want" but are still bored and are locked in a never-ending desire for "kicks" in which they will never be satisfied. The adults, including the owner of a local filling station, are fed-up with them. One of these adults, however, turns out to own the very motel that Tom Phillips has bought—and he is selling out after having let the wayward youth use his motel as an illicit trysting place for years.
When Tom tells the filling-station owner that he has "just bought himself a motel," one of the kids, named Ernie (Gene Kirkwood), overhears. Soon after, he tells his friend Duke (Paul Bertoya), who is the driver of the Corvette. Duke organizes a campaign of harassment against Tom and chases the hapless family all the way to the motel.
Matters come to a dangerous head when Tom's daughter (Laurie Mock), fascinated by Duke, goes to see him in the motel bar and grill, called the "Arena." Duke's current girlfriend Gloria (Mimsy Farmer), in a jealous rage, informs Tom, who tries to strangle Duke—but his back goes out and he must desist. He then informs the former motel owner (George Ives) that he will not go through with the sale. This causes a confrontation between the former owner and the youths, which ends when the owner tells Duke and Ernie that Tom is going to the next town to "bring the police down on this place."
Duke and Ernie resolve never to let Tom Phillips reach that town—and so, as the family tries to escape, they engage them in a deadly game of "chicken." This game ends only when Tom outwits the teenagers by parking his car on a narrow bridge, with the headlights on, evacuating him and his family to a safe spot twenty yards off the road. Faced with an unmoving object, Duke turns "chicken" himself, running his car off the edge of the bridge—after which he and Ernie, bruised, battered, and with scraped knees, swear that they will never give Tom any trouble. Tom agrees not to turn them in to the police—but tells them that he will go back to his motel and run it properly from now on.
Filming locations.
Filmed largely near the Southern California desert town Lake Los Angeles and Wilsona Gardens, east of Palmdale, California. Specific locations include "Charlie's Last Chance" gas station ; 150th Street E, where a majority of chase scenes were filmed, ; and the exact location of the narrow bridge crash at the end of the film (the bridge was actually constructed by the film crew) .
Reception.
"Hot Rods to Hell" received nearly universal scorn from critics but had a profitable run, given its very modest budget, grossing over a million dollars. It received no major award nominations. Over the years, "Hot Rods to Hell" developed a cult following and has a website devoted to it.
DVD release.
"Hot Rods to Hell" was released on Region 1 DVD on June 26, 2007, by Warner Home Video. The DVD has been modified from the original 4:3 (1.33:1) aspect ratio to a widescreen format of 16:9 (approximately 1.85:1). This was done by both cropping the top and bottom of the frame, however, more information on the sides is viewable from the original 4:3 television presentation as well.

</doc>
<doc id="6007779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007779" title="Meet Your Mechanical Masters">
Meet Your Mechanical Masters

Meet Your Mechanical Masters was Servotron's debut release. It was released in 1995 on Sympathy for the Record Industry (cited on the sleeve as Sympathy for the Machines). This single was released on purple vinyl and black vinyl. It was re-released as a silver circuit board picture disc as the "Super Expensive Ultra Limited Totally Bitchen' Silver Disc". "People Mover" is a song about vehicles at the Atlanta airport.

</doc>
<doc id="6007789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007789" title="Kirsten Powers">
Kirsten Powers

Kirsten A. Powers is an American political pundit, analyst and on-air personality on the Fox News cable channel. She began her career as a Democratic Party staff assistant with the Clinton-Gore presidential transition team in 1992 followed by an appointment as Deputy Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Public Affairs in the Clinton administration from 1993-1998. She subsequently worked in various roles including press secretary, communications consultant and party consultant. She also serves as a columnist to "USA Today", "Newsweek" and "The Daily Beast".
Powers wrote a column for "The American Prospect" and her numerous articles have appeared in "USA Today", "Elle", the "New York Observer", "Salon", and the "Wall Street Journal". In 2005 journalist Ben Smith wrote that Powers was "emerging as one of the Democratic Party’s national voices."
Early life and education.
Powers was born and raised in Fairbanks, Alaska. Her parents were archaeologists, with Irish-American heritage. She credits her interest in politics and debate with being "expected to state and defend my positions on the issues of the day every night at dinner."
She graduated from the University of Maryland and attended Georgetown University Law School for a year and a half.
Career.
Powers served in the Clinton administration as the Deputy Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Public Affairs and was the Vice President for International Communications at America Online. Later she was a Vice President at the AOL-Time Warner Foundation.
Powers has worked for the New York State Democratic Committee, was the press secretary for Andrew Cuomo for Governor and Communications Director on the mayoral campaign of C. Virginia Fields. She also worked on the "Vote No on 3" campaign which overwhelmingly defeated Mayor Michael Bloomberg's ballot initiative to eliminate party primaries. Powers also served briefly as the press secretary for the Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chair race of Donnie Fowler. She has consulted for a variety of non-profit organizations including Human Rights First and the National Council for Research on Women (NCRW).
Political positions.
Powers supported the Obama health care reform, and believes it is a moral imperative to supply health care to all Americans.
Powers supports comprehensive immigration reform and providing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, favors
gun control, and supports equal rights for gay people in the form of universal civil unions, leaving marriage strictly as a religious institution.
She opposed the "don't ask, don't tell" military policy. and supports closing Guantanamo Bay and putting prisoners in federal prisons.
She opposed the Iraq war, as well as the Fairness Doctrine, and a constitutional amendment to ban flag burning.
She also opposes the death penalty.
She supports the right of countries to choose their own governments free of outside influence but is against the establishment of theocracies. Powers had a particular concern over the influence of Islamists in Egypt due to her former husband being of Coptic Egyptian origin.
She opposes elective late-term abortions.
Personal life.
Powers married Dr. Marty Makary, Professor of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University, in January 2010.
Powers briefly dated former Congressman Anthony Weiner in 2002, and remained his close friend after their romantic relationship ended. After initially defending him when the story of Weiner's sexting scandal surfaced in May 2011, Powers later condemned his conduct and called for his resignation from Congress.
Powers was raised as an Episcopalian but spent much of her early adult life as an atheist. In her mid-30s, she became an evangelical Christian. The process of conversion began when she dated a religious Christian man, who introduced her to the Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City and the teachings of its pastor, Tim Keller, and culminated in an experience in 2006 when, during a trip to Taiwan, she believes that she was visited by Jesus. She has called her conversion "a bit of a mind bender" due to her political beliefs and former atheism, and prefers the term "orthodox Christian" over "evangelical" to describe herself, given the "cultural baggage" around the word "evangelical". She has said that the biggest impact her new-found religiosity had on her political beliefs was that she came to "view everyone as God's child and that means everyone deserves grace and respect."

</doc>
<doc id="6007796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007796" title="Municipal District of Big Lakes">
Municipal District of Big Lakes

The Municipal District of Big Lakes is a municipal district in north-central Alberta, Canada. 
It is located in Census Division 17, around the Lesser Slave Lake. Utikuma Lake and Winagami Lake are also located in this municipal district.
Demographics.
The Municipal District of Big Lakes' 2013 municipal census counted a population of 3,861, a change from its 2002 municipal census population of 4,181.
As a census subdivision in the 2011 Census, Big Lakes had a population of 5,912 living in 2,143 of its 2,710 total dwellings, a -1.3% change from its 2006 adjusted population of 5,989. This includes the populations of three Métis settlements, East Prairie (366), Gift Lake (662) and Peavine (690), located within the census subdivision that are municipalities independent of the Municipal District (M.D.) of Big Lakes. With a land area of , the census subdivision had a population density of in 2011. As a municipality in the 2011 Census, the M.D. of Big Lakes had a population of 4,914 without the three Métis settlements.
In 2006, the Big Lakes census subdivision had a population of 5,805 living in 2,215 dwellings, a 0.7% decrease from 2001. The census subdivision had a land area of and a population density of . As a municipality in the 2006 Census, the M.D. of Big Lakes had a population of 3,811 without the three Métis settlements.
In 2001, the Big Lakes census subdivision had a population of 5,845 in 2,183 dwellings, a 0.3% increase from 1996. With an area of 13,893.10 km², the census subdivision had a density of 0.4 inhabitants/km².
Visible minorities and Aboriginals.
Big Lakes had the most Métis people per capita of any Canadian census subdivision in 2006 with a population of 5,000 or more due to the census' inclusion of the population of the three Métis settlement municipalities within Big Lakes' totals.
Communities and localities.
The following communities are located within the Municipal District of Big Lakes:
The following Indian reserves are located within the Municipal District of Big Lakes:
The following localities are located within the Municipal District of Big Lakes:

</doc>
<doc id="6007815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007815" title="Gymnomyza">
Gymnomyza

Gymnomyza is a genus of birds, in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae, which are restricted to a few islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean.
There are three species.

</doc>
<doc id="6007819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007819" title="Ramona Pringle">
Ramona Pringle

Ramona Pringle is a Canadian digital journalist, television host, multiplatform media producer, actress and professor.
Ramona heads a production company in Canada that specializes in multiplatform content and digital topics. She is the producer of Rdigitalife.com and of Avatar Secrets, an interactive documentary for TVO.
Born in Toronto, she was named after the Ramones by her punk rock parents, Michaele Jordana and Douglas Pringle. Ramona started her career doing a series of international commercials for Ricola, where she played Heidi which quickly developed a fan following online, and made Pringle instantly recognizable as "The Ricola Girl". She was discovered for the campaign by the director Simon West.
As an actress Pringle has worked with mainstream artists Russell Crowe, Ron Howard, Anjelica Huston, Andie MacDowell, Justin Timberlake, Paul Giamatti, and Clive Owen. Credits like the Ricola Campaign and New Line Cinema's "Shoot 'em Up" and her role as "muse" in Michaele Jordana's CYBORG series have earned Ramona a cult following online.
Pringle is the host of Rdigitalife and has been a recurring host the web cast of Idea City. Previously she also hosted "The X", CBC Television's flagship program for teens where she interviewed bands, celebrities, athletes and writers in Toronto and Los Angeles.
Ramona Pringle has a BFA Honors degree in Film and Video from York University in Toronto, Canada, and a Masters Degree in Interactive Media from NYU’s Interactive Telecommunications Program, in New York, where she developed multiplatform, interactive projects including the Alternate Reality Game (ARG) “Social Life NY”, the multi-channel installation “Ballerina Remix” exhibited at the New York Hall of Science, and her thesis “Paranoia: Emotional Perception in the Interactive Cinematic Experience”. As a multimedia artist, Ramona has produced and conceptualized several large scale immersive installations including Winter Sky at Sherway Gardens and The Media Tree at Casino Niagara, as well as her interactive documentary remix installation which was presented during Nuit Blanche 2012 in Toronto, and allowed users to become part of the live documentary and shape the narrative as it unfolded.
She taught film and acting at NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts before joining Ryerson University where she is a New Media faculty member in the RTA School of Media and the Master’s in Digital Media. She is a member of the Transmedia Center and an advisor to the Digital Media Zone.
As an Interactive Media Producer, she splits her time between Toronto and New York, working with the Ramona Pringle Productions and the PeakMedia Collective. Previously she worked on the PBS "Frontline" program “Digital Nation” with Douglas Rushkoff, where she has developed “Your Stories” a portal for user-generated content and participatory media about life in the digital age, a forefront multiplatform documentary project. A multiplatform producer examining the virtual world, her project Avatar Secrets chronicles her journey into World of Warcraft in search of real world wisdom was featured in the New York Times, and presented at SXSW where she shared her story and lessons learned.
Pringle's creative and scholarly work focuses on the relationship between humans and technology, and fostering a conversation about technology that has less to do with gadgets and apps and more to do with people. Her work features interviews with Ray Kurzweil, Vint Cerf, Sherry Turkle, Clay Shirky, Marvin Ammori and countless others. Her work also looks at the relationship between storytelling, art, technology and innovation, and the role of interdisciplinarity in forecasting the future. She has spoken at conferences including SXSW, NXNE, the National Association of Media Literacy, and the World Future Society and has been featured in Mashable, the New York Times, Huffington Post, the Toronto Star and on CTV.
Ramona was named one of the "10 to Watch" for 2013 by Playback Magazine. 

</doc>
<doc id="6007837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007837" title="Gaymes">
Gaymes

Gaymes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6007855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007855" title="Gloria Sawai">
Gloria Sawai

Gloria Sawai (20 December 1932 – 20 July 2011), born Gloria Ruth Ostrem in Minneapolis, Minnesota, was an American-born fiction author, based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. She died on 20 July 2011.
In early childhood, she moved with her family to Saskatchewan, then in her youth to Alberta. Her father was a Lutheran minister.

</doc>
<doc id="6007863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007863" title="Lansing, Toronto">
Lansing, Toronto

Lansing is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario as defined by the city of Toronto (Lansing-Westgate).
The neighbourhood.
Formerly a much larger neighbourhood, the neighbourhood of Willowdale now occupies the area to the north. Lansing is now bordered by Yonge Street to the east, Highway 401 to the south, Bathurst Street to the west and Burnett Avenue to the north.
The neighbourhood can even be broken down further with Lansing occupying the northeastern quadrant and Armour Heights the southwest section.
Households.
Homes in the neighbourhoods are largely owned and occupied by single families. The many mature pine trees in the neighbourhood and Don River, which effectively separate Armour Heights and Lansing provide a calm to a neighbourhood which is such close proximity to Toronto's Highway 401. Lansing or Willowdale is a very interesting area, because it is filled with two distinct types of households. The first are older couples, usually with adult children living in post-war bungalows. The second are younger, wealthy families living in "rebuilds". The neighbourhood is currently undergoing quite a bit of construction as wealthy families buy the bungalows, tear them down and build 1-2 million dollar houses.
Demographics.
According to the 2006 Canadian Census.

</doc>
<doc id="6007868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007868" title="Flash Cadillac &amp; the Continental Kids">
Flash Cadillac &amp; the Continental Kids

Flash Cadillac & the Continental Kids, now known as Flash Cadillac, are an American retro rock 'n' roll band. They are best known for their portrayal of the group Herbie and the Heartbeats in the film "American Graffiti", to which they contributed three songs: cover versions of "At the Hop" and "Louie, Louie", and the original composition "She's So Fine".
Formation.
The band began in 1969 in Boulder, Colorado at the University of Colorado with Kris Moe as the keyboardist, Linn Phillips guitar, Warren Knight on bass, Harold Fielden on drums and Mick "Flash" Manresa as front man and guitar. The band got its name, "Flash Cadillac & the Continental Kids" from Hughey Plumley who spent most of his time in the back of a Boulder bar, The Sink, and who entertained himself by creating names for bands.
Kris Moe and Charlie Phillips (Linn's brother) were college roommates, and that is how Kris came to meet Linn and form the band which performed for the first time in February 1969 at a frathouse party. When the original "Flash," the lead singer and several other band members decided to return to school in 1971, Kris Moe, Linn Phillips and Warren Knight decided to replace "Flash" and auditioned and eventually hired Sam McFadin from Widefield, Colorado. They then moved to LA to try to break into the big time. The LA house they lived in was called "The Tiltin' Hilton".
Rise to prominence.
They appeared on "American Bandstand" - one of the only bands to do so without having released an album. They were offered the job of playing the band Herbie and the Heartbeats in the George Lucas movie, "American Graffiti." Later they appeared in an episode of the TV show "Happy Days" as "Johnny Fish and the Fins", and in the 1979 movie "Apocalypse Now". The band commissioned surf artist Jim Evans to paint the cover of their third album, "Sons of the Beaches".
The band hit the hot 100 in 1974 with their version of the Barry Blue/Lynsey De Paul classic, "Dancing on a Saturday Night" and then again in 1976 with "Did You Boogie (With Your Baby)" (peaking at #29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100) from their album "Sons of the Beaches".
Later years.
When they were in their 30s, they dropped "& the Continental Kids" from the Flash Cadillac name as they decided that as 30-year-old men, they should not be called kids anymore. Becoming tired of the Los Angeles music scene, in 1976, the band purchased a large ranch near Westcreek, Colorado where they built a state of the art recording studio. Some of the band members lived there. Kris Moe lived in a geodesic dome on the property for many years. Most of their later albums were produced there. Charlie Phillips now owns the ranch and studio. Most of the original members are long gone. Linn Phillips died of a heart attack when the band came off stage after a show in Tulsa, OK in 1993. Subsequently, Sam McFadin died of a heart attack in August 2001 at his home in Colorado Springs, and almost 4 years later Kris Moe died after a long struggle with ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease) in July 2005 at his home in Woodland Park, Colorado. Original bass player Warren Knight and long-time member Dwight Bement on sax still play and tour with additional members as Flash Cadillac.

</doc>
<doc id="6007897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007897" title="List of sky deities">
List of sky deities

The sky has important religious significance. Most polytheistic religions have a deity or deities whose portfolio includes or is even limited to the sky or the heavens. While there are often multiple sky deities, sometimes this position is reserved for a deity who is conceived as reigning over the others, or at least is one of the most powerful. When the main sky deity was seen as feminine, she often held the title of the "Queen of Heaven." Ancient sky goddesses who held the title "Queen of Heaven" included Isis, Astarte, Ishtar, and Inanna. (The title was later applied to the Virgin Mary, along with various other features and attributes of ancient pagan goddesses.) 
Another common conception is that of a complementary polarity between Earth and sky that may be ascribed genders as a mated pair. In some religions this takes the form of a Sky father and an Earth mother, while in other religions the mated couple are a sky goddess and an earth god. (For example, Nut and Geb in ancient Egypt.) In still other religions, there is a main pair of deities who rule the sky as husband and wife (for example, Zeus and Hera in ancient Greece), while a different pair of deities (e.g., Hades and Persephone) rule the Earth and/or chthonic realms. Along similar lines, some scholars of religion hold that Jehovah or Yahweh, the monotheistic deity of the Jewish bible, originally had a wife who was most likely the sky goddess Asherah. (See The Hebrew Goddess.) In some contemporary religions, the divine pair of sky deities are known as the "Heavenly Father" and the "Heavenly Mother."

</doc>
<doc id="6007900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007900" title="Schmeckfest">
Schmeckfest

Schmeckfest (festival of tasting) is an annual four-day festival in Freeman, South Dakota, that celebrates the heritage and culture of Germans from Russia Mennonites who emigrated to North America starting in the 1870s. Established in 1959, Schmeckfest showcases the traditional foods and crafts of the Freeman community with an ethnic meal, demonstrations and displays. Schmeckfest has been held every spring since and has grown to accommodate more than 5,000 guests every year. The event is held at Freeman Academy, a grade 1 to 12 private school, and raises about $90,000 annually for the school.
A multi-course meal and a musical —"Children of Eden" in 2014, "Fiddler on the Roof" in 2013, "The Wizard of Oz" in 2012, "Kiss Me, Kate" in 2011, "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in 2010, "Into the Woods" in 2009, "The Sound of Music" in 2008, for example — are the main fundraising events. The festival also includes displays, demonstrations and sales of ethnic handcrafts and culinary arts.
The 2015 Schmeckfest, the 57th annual festival, will be held March 20 and 21 and March 27 and 28. "Big River" was announced in May as the musical production for 2015. Advance sale tickets for both the meal and the musical that are part of the festival go on sale in November. All meal tickets are advance sale only. 
Officials at Freeman Academy called the 50th anniversary in 2008 the most successful Schmeckfest to date, with more than 6,000 guests visiting the Freeman Academy campus. .
Beginning.
"South Dakota Mennonite College" was founded in 1900, and three years later, classes began in "The College" building (today's "Music Hall"), located one quarter mile south of the downtown area of Freeman, S.D. Today, Freeman Academy is a private Christian school for grades 1-12, which offers students a strong academic program with an emphasis in faith and the arts.
The first Schmeckfest was Friday, March 13, 1959. The German "tasting festival" was served buffet style in the basement of Pioneer Hall in Freeman, SD. All guests were encouraged to "take all you want, but eat all you take". The cost of meal tickets was one dollar for adults and fifty cents for grade school children. Preschool aged kids ate free. Serving began at 5:00 p.m. followed at 7:00 by a "period of relaxation with recorded German music" and a talent program. The popularity of that first festival exceeded expectations; many people were disappointed to learn the food was gone by the time they arrived. But the organizers, the Freeman Junior College Women's Auxiliary, saw the interest in the event and the potential it offered. The second Schmeckfest was held in 1960 and the festival became an annual event.
Since then Schmeckfest has expanded to two days, then to three days and now to four days — two days for two consecutive weekends in late March or early April.
The Sound of Music (2008).
Cast - 21 People
Nuns Chorus - 30 People
Soldiers - 6 People
Orchestra - 12 People
Production Staff - 15 People
Productions at Schmeckfest -
The Red Mill - 1967
Twilight Auction - 1968
Vignettes - 1969
The Mikado - 1970
Plain and Fancy - 1971
Fiddler on the Roof - 1972
Oklahoma! - 1973
The Student Prince - 1974
The Sound of Music - 1975
Hello Dolly - 1976
The Gondoliers - 1977
Family Reunion - 1978
The Music Man - 1979
The King and I - 1980
Pirates of Penzance - 1981
Plain and Fancy - 1982
Oliver! - 1983
Camelot - 1984
Shenandoah - 1985
100* in the Shade - 1986
Fiddler on the Roof -1987 
H.M.S. Pinafore - 1988
Brigadoon - 1989
Kiss Me, Kate - 1990
The Sound of Music - 1991
Big River - 1992
My Fair Lady - 1993
Oklahoma! - 1994
Anything Goes - 1995
The Music Man - 1996
Seven Brides for Seven Brothers - 1997
Annie - 1998
Pirates of Penzance - 1999
Hello, Dolly! - 2000
The Secret Garden - 2001
Carousel - 2002
Oliver! - 2003
Lucky Stiff - 2004
Guys & Dolls - 2005
Cinderella - 2006
The Pajama Game - 2007
The Sound of Music - 2008
Into the Woods - 2009
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat- 2010
Kiss Me, Kate - 2011
The Wizard of Oz - 2012 
Fiddler on the Roof - 2013
Children of Eden - 2014
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="6007902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007902" title="The Pig and the Box">
The Pig and the Box

The Pig and the Box is a children's book written and drawn by a Canadian writer, producer and programmer known as "MCM".
Written in July 2006, "The Pig and the Box" is a book about the negative sides of DRM, written as a reaction to Access Copyright's Captain Copyright campaign directed at kids.
"The Pig and the Box" is public domain. It was made popular by posts on Boing Boing and Digg and it took only a few days before volunteers had translated the story into German, Chinese, Danish and Italian. To date it has also been translated into French, Finnish, Hungarian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Japanese, Dutch, Russian and Swedish.
Version 2.
In January 2009 "The Pig in a Box" entered a second printing. The second printing featured a new cover and language approved, or changed to be less edgy, for children. For example, “He nearly peed his pants” was changed to “He nearly danced like an orang-utan.”

</doc>
<doc id="6007928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007928" title="PFRA">
PFRA

PFRA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6007940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007940" title="Wire &amp; Glass">
Wire &amp; Glass

Wire & Glass is the only EP released from the Who's 2006 album, "Endless Wire". The EP was released exclusively to the iTunes Music Store on 17 July 2006 and a Maxi-CD/12" was released a week later in Australia and the United Kingdom. The EP was released as a "mini-opera" in six songs. No North American distribution was secured prior to the release of "Endless Wire", but promo copies were pressed in France, Germany, Ireland, and Ukraine.
The EP reached the top three on the Canadian Singles Chart. The songs from this album were used in the rock musical adaptation of "The Boy Who Heard Music" which debuted in July 2007 as part of Vassar College's Powerhouse Summer Theater workshop series.
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend
Upon release as a CD/12", all six songs were presented as a single track.
The songs.
"Sound Round" was reportedly written for the 1971 album "Who's Next" but not recorded. "Mirror Door" was released ahead of the rock opera for radio play in June 2006, but initial reaction was lukewarm due to a questionable mix. Between dates on the 2006 UK and European tour, Pete remixed the track, adding echo to Roger's vocals and giving it a punchier sound.

</doc>
<doc id="6007951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007951" title="Freestyle nunchaku">
Freestyle nunchaku

Freestyle nunchaku refers to the use of the nunchaku weapon (used in martial arts and popularised by Bruce Lee and other martial artists) in a more visually stunning, rather than combative way. Nunchaku-do competitions are now held where marks are awarded based upon visual display rather than predefined kata.
There is a community of freestyle practitioners from around the world who, through collective experimentation and exploration, have compiled a comprehensive breakdown of freestyle and its parts.
Freestyle nunchaku competitions.
Freestyle is one of the disciplines of Nunchaku-Do (a sport based upon nunchaku combat freestyle and kata organized by the North American Nunchaku Association and the World nunchaku organization) freestyle routines are judged on the following criteria.
Underground freestyle tournaments and battles.
The general interest in freestyle nunchaku has, concurrently with the increasing possibilities of sharing skills and techniques that online video sharing communities such provide, expanded to the point where a freestyle nunchaku movement autonomous from the World Nunchaku Organization has formed.
The Freestyle Nunchaku Forum (see above) holds tournaments that all members can participate in. These tournaments are held by participants submitting videos that adhere certain rules (which are relaxed, such as length of video and whether other weapons freestyle can be used). When all of the videos are in, members of the forum can vote on who they think is better. One tournament has categories based on skill level, while another is more traditional, where members are grouped and voters decide who is the better of the two in the groups. The annual "Chuck Off" also has varied categories such as: Singles, Doubles, Fire and Glow, and Director. 
The forum also hosts what are called Ladder Battles. Here participants are ranked by number. Those wanting to move up the ranks can challenge any of the three people above them to a "battle". The two people involved submit videos of their freestyle that adhere to certain rules that are agreed upon. Then, forum members have a certain length of time to vote on who they think is the best.

</doc>
<doc id="6007960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007960" title="Mark Lowe">
Mark Lowe

Mark Christopher Lowe (born June 7, 1983) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He bats left-handed and throws right-handed. His fastball has been clocked as high as 101 mph. He also throws a slider and a circle changeup.
College career.
Mark Lowe attended the University of Texas at Arlington. He also pitched for the Wisconsin Woodchucks in the 2002 and 2003 summer seasons and was a part of their championship team in 2003.
Professional career.
Seattle Mariners.
Lowe was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the fifth round of the 2004 MLB Draft and began his career with the Everett AquaSox of the Class-A Northwest League. In 22 starts with the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers in 2005, he made 22 starts and was 6–6 with a 5.47 ERA. He proceeded to play for the Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino and San Antonio Missions in 2006. 
2006.
He made his Major League debut for the Seattle Mariners on July 7, 2006 in relief against the Detroit Tigers, loading the bases before striking out the side. He opened his career by throwing 17-2/3 scoreless innings. He picked up his first win on July 19 against the New York Yankees. Lowe was placed on the disabled list on August 20 with right elbow tendinitis and was later transferred to the 60-day disabled list. He underwent arthroscopic surgery on his elbow after the season.
2007.
Lowe was placed on 60-Day disabled list on April 1 and began a rehabilitation assignment on July 3 with the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers. He also made rehab appearances for the Short Season Everett AquaSox and the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx before being activated on July 24, He was 0–0, with a 6.75 ERA in four relief appearances, during his seven rehab appearances in West Tennessee, Everett and Tacoma. He was optioned to Tacoma on August 9 to make room on the roster for John Parrish. He was recalled from Tacoma and placed on 15-day DL on August 28. He was rated by Baseball America as the Mariners number 8 prospect heading into the 2008 season.
2008–2009.
In 2008 Lowe set career-highs in games (57), innings (63.2), and strikeouts (55). Among Mariners relievers, he ranked second in games, third in innings and third in strikeouts. He was 0–2, with a 3.60 ERA at home, the 6th-lowest home ERA by a reliever in the American League. He began the season by making 12 scoreless relief appearances in his first 13 games. Lowe recorded a 0.55 ERA by allowing just one run in 16.1 innings from March 31 to June 13. He tossed at least 2 innings in 12 of his 57 appearances.
He recorded his first Major League save April 11 against the Los Angeles Angels. Lowe was optioned to Tacoma on August 25, but did not make an appearance. He was recalled on September 2.
Texas Rangers.
2010.
On July 9, 2010, Lowe was traded to the Texas Rangers with Cliff Lee for Justin Smoak and prospects Blake Beavan, Josh Lueke and Matt Lawson. He made his debut for the Rangers on September 29, 2010 against Seattle, coming back from injury to throw a scoreless inning against his former team.
2011.
Lowe was included on the Rangers postseason roster for 2011 after posting an ERA of 3.80 in 52 games. He was on the mound when David Freese hit the walk off home run to end game 6 of the 2011 World Series. 
2012.
He appeared in 36 games in 2012, with a 3.43 ERA.
Los Angeles Angels.
2013.
On February 8, 2013 he signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers that included an invitation to spring training. The Dodgers released him on March 24 and he signed another minor league contract, this time with the Los Angeles Angels on March 27. He was designated for assignment on May 29, 2013. He was released on June 6, 2013.
Washington Nationals.
On June 11, 2013, the Washington Nationals signed Lowe to a minor league contract and assigned him to the Syracuse Chiefs of the Triple-A International League.
Tampa Bay Rays.
Lowe signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays on November 20, 2013. He was released on March 26, 2014.
Cleveland Indians.
2014.
Lowe signed a minor league deal with the Cleveland Indians in April 2014. He was called up to the majors on May 22.
Personal life.
Lowe played High School Baseball at Fort Bend Baptist Academy in Sugar Land, TX. Lowe was diagnosed with diabetes in 2008. Although initially he was diagnosed as a Type 2 diabetic, his diagnosis was changed to Type 1 before the 2009 season.
Mark married his fiancé Stephanie Morgan on December 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6007971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007971" title="Punchball">
Punchball

Punchball is a sport spawned by and similar to baseball, but without a pitcher, catcher, or bat. 
The "batter" essentially plays "fungo" without a bat, bouncing or tossing up the ball and then using a volleyball-type approach to put the ball (usually a spaldeen or pensie pinkie) in play, punching the ball with his closed fist. Stealing and bunting are not allowed.
Historian and baseball enthusiast Stephen Jay Gould referred to it as "the canonical recess game", and in "The Boys of Summer" baseball writer Roger Kahn described how when he grew up it was a boys game, as the girls played "slapball".
Baseball Hall of Famers Jackie Robinson, Sandy Koufax, and Yogi Berra played it growing up, as did sports team owner Jerry Reinsdorf, educator Frank Marascio, and former US Secretary of State and general Colin Powell. Major league outfielder Rocky Colavito, when asked if he played punchball, answered "Play it? Man, that was my game. I liked to play that more than anything else ... anything. We used to play for money, too." It was also a pastime of football announcer Al Michaels, who often played with former Chicago Bears quarterback Sid Luckman.
Popular culture.
A 2010 PBS documentary, "New York Street Games", includes punchball.

</doc>
<doc id="6007981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6007981" title="Navios Maritime Holdings">
Navios Maritime Holdings

Navios Maritime Holdings Inc., (“Navios”) is a global, vertically integrated seaborne shipping and logistics company focused on the transport and transshipment of drybulk commodities including iron ore, coal and grain. Navios was created in 1954 by US Steel to transport iron ore to the US and Europe. Since then, Navios has diversified geographically and expanded the scope of its business activities such that Navios currently controls 49 vessels totaling approximately 5.1 million deadweight tons. 
Navios is a public company listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “”.
Navios South American Logistics Inc. –subsidiary of “Navios”- consists of a transshipment port/storage facility in Uruguay, an upriver port facility in Paraguay and a well-established barge and cabotage business for wet and dry products.
Navios maintains offices in Piraeus-Greece, New York-USA, Montevideo-Uruguay, Antwerp-Belgium, Buenos Aires-Argentina and Asuncion-Paraguay. 
The Navios Group of companies includes Navios Maritime Partners, LP, listed on the NYSE under the symbol ‘’ and Navios Maritime Acquisition Corporation, listed on the NYSE under the symbol ‘’. As a total, Navios Group controls 99 vessels (owned and long term charted-in) and about 10.7 million deadweight tons (70 dry bulk vessels = 7.4 million dwt and 29 tanker vessels = 3.3 million dwt). 

</doc>
<doc id="6008004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008004" title=".222 Remington">
.222 Remington

The .222 Remington, which is also known as the Triple Deuce/Triple Two/Treble Two is a centerfire rifle cartridge. Introduced in 1950, it was the first commercial rimless .22 (5.56 mm) cartridge made in the United States. As such, it was an entirely new design, different from its derivative.
Introduction.
The .222 Remington was introduced in the Remington Arms Model 722 bolt action rifle. Factory rifles often produce groups of one minute of arc (0.3 mrad) or less with no tuning. The accuracy and flat trajectory of the cartridge resulted in the adoption of the round for varmint and benchrest rifles. The faster .220 Swift and .22-250 provided more reach than the .222 Remington. These larger cartridges have more power (roughly 50 percent more) than the .222, but also more muzzle blast and barrel erosion.
The .222 Remington is popular in Europe where it is known as 5.7×43. Sako was one of the first European makers to introduce .222 Remington rifles and cartridges, and German and Austrian hunters quickly adopted the .222 Remington for hunting smaller deer sized game.
Obsolescence.
The .222 Rem. was finally eclipsed in benchrest competition by the 6 mm PPC. 
When the US military was looking for a new smallbore rifle cartridge, Remington started with the .222 Remington, and stretched it to increase powder capacity by about 20% in 1958 to make the .222 Remington Magnum. The greater powder capacity put the velocities between the standard .222 Remington and the 22-250. The cartridge was not accepted by the military, but it was introduced commercially. In 1963, the 5.56 x 45 mm, also based on a stretched .222 Rem. case, was adopted along with the new M16 rifle. The 5.56 mm cartridge had a capacity only slightly less (5%) than the .222 Rem. Mag. The new 5.56x45mm cartridge was commercialized by Remington, the .223 Remington. Given the close performance to other cartridges and military acceptance, both the .222 Remington and the .222 Rem. Mag. faded quickly into obsolescence, being replaced by the .223 Remington.
While the .222 Remington is rarely found in current production in America, its derivative cartridges are among the most popular in the world. In addition to the .222 Rem. Mag. and .223 Remington, the .222 has also served as the parent case for the .221 Fireball, the fastest production handgun cartridge.
The .222 Remington, still, is fairly popular in Europe, where producers like Sako, Tikka and Sauer chamber rifles for this caliber. Firearms that are usually chambered for the .223 Remington/5.56x45mm NATO caliber are often rechambered for the .222 Rem. for sale in countries where regulations restrict or forbid civilian ownership of "military calibers". Examples of countries with such legislation include France and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="6008015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008015" title="Zoltán Benkő">
Zoltán Benkő

Zoltán Benkő (born 13 June 1983 in Budapest), is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of ninth twice (K-1 1000 m: 2008, K-2 1000 m: 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="6008021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008021" title="Batteries Included (song)">
Batteries Included (song)

Batteries Included was Servotron's second release. It is also referred to as "Red Robot Refund" or "Servotron". It was released on gray vinyl and black vinyl in 1996 on Goldenrod. The cover is all gray with raised Servotron lettering. The plastic sleeves with the gray version are screened with the same lettering and a robot walking (pictured). "Red Robot Refund" is about the red robot (R5-D4) in "" that Uncle Owen buys but immediately malfunctions. "Batteries Included" is a song about vibrators and how their use will cause the extinction of the human race through lack of reproduction.

</doc>
<doc id="6008028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008028" title="Markus Zusak">
Markus Zusak

Markus Frank Zusak (born 23 June 1975) is an Australian writer. He is best known for "The Book Thief" and "The Messenger" (US title, "I Am the Messenger"), two novels for young adults which have been international bestsellers. He won the annual Margaret Edwards Award in 2014 for his contribution to young-adult literature published in the US.
Life and career.
Zusak was born in Sydney, Australia. His mother Lisa is originally from Germany and his father Helmut is from Austria. They emigrated to Australia in the late 1950s. Markus is the youngest of four children and has two sisters and one brother. He attended Engadine High School and briefly returned there to teach English while writing. He studied English and History at the University of New South Wales, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts and a Diploma of Education. 
Zusak is the author of five books. His first three books, "The Underdog", "Fighting Ruben Wolfe" and "When Dogs Cry", released between 1999 and 2001, were all published internationally and garnered a number of awards. "The Underdog", his first book, took seven years to publish. "The Messenger", published in 2002, won the 2003 CBC Book of the Year Award (Older Readers) and the 2003 NSW Premier's Literary Award (Ethel Turner Prize) in Australia and was a runner-up for the Printz Award in America.
"The Book Thief" was published in 2005 and has been translated into more than 30 languages. Beside winning awards in Australia and overseas, "The Book Thief" has held the number one position at Amazon.com and on the "New York Times" bestseller list, as well as in Brazil, Ireland and Taiwan. It has been among the top five best sellers in the UK, Spain, Israel and South Korea, and is still set to be released in many other territories. 
Zusak's next novel is reported to be "Bridge of Clay".
"The Book Thief" was adapted as a film of the same name in 2013.
Awards.
In 2014, Zusak won the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association (ALA), which annually recognizes an author and "a specific body of his or her work, for significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature". 
In 2006, Zusak was also the recipient of the Sydney Morning Herald’s Young Australian Novelist of the Year Award.

</doc>
<doc id="6008037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008037" title="Private student loan (United States)">
Private student loan (United States)

A private student loan is a financing option for higher education in the United States that can either supplement or replace federally guaranteed loans such as Stafford loans, Perkins loans and PLUS loans. These may offer forbearance and deferral options. Fees vary greatly, and legal cases have reported fees reaching 50% of amount of the loan. Although traditionally unsecured, these loans are increasingly secured, so that the borrower must offer collateral or a third-party guarantee of payment.
Interest rates are set by the financial institution that underwrites the loan, typically based on the perceived risk that the borrower may be delinquent or in default of payments of the loan. The underwriting decision is complicated by the fact that students often do not have a credit history that would otherwise indicate creditworthiness. As a result, interest rates may vary considerably across lenders. 
Because private student loans are subject to special treatment in the event of a personal bankruptcy, students may not incur a total debt in excess of the cost of attendance, taking into account scholarships, fellowships, federal loans and private loans.
Parallels to mortgage lending.
The increase in use of private student loans came about around 2001 once the increase in the cost of education began to exceed the increase in the amount of federal student aid available. 
The recent history of student loans has been compared to the history of the mortgage industry. Similar to the way in which mortgages were securitized and sold off by lenders to investors, student loans were also sold off to investors; thereby eliminating the risk of loss for the actual lender.
Another parallel between the student loan industry and the mortgage industry is the fact that subprime lending ran rampant over the past few years. Just as little documentation was needed to take out a subprime mortgage loan, even less was needed to take out a subprime or "non traditional" student loan.
Criticisms.
After the passage of the bankruptcy reform bill of 2005, even private student loans are not discharged during bankruptcy. This provided a credit risk free loan for the lender, averaging 7 percent a year.
In 2007, the Attorney General of New York State, Andrew Cuomo, led an investigation into lending practices and anti-competitive relationships between student lenders and universities. Specifically, many universities steered student borrowers to "preferred lenders" which resulted in those borrowers incurring higher interest rates. Some of these "preferred lenders" allegedly rewarded university financial aid staff with "kick backs." This has led to changes in lending policy at many major American universities. Many universities have also rebated millions of dollars in fees back to affected borrowers.
The biggest lenders, Sallie Mae and Nelnet, are criticized by borrowers. They frequently find themselves embroiled in lawsuits, the most serious of which was filed in 2007. The False Claims Suit was filed on behalf of the federal government by former Department of Education researcher, Dr. Jon Oberg, against Sallie Mae, Nelnet, and other lenders. Oberg argued that the lenders overcharged the U.S. Government and defrauded taxpayers of millions and millions of dollars. In August 2010, Nelnet settled the lawsuit and paid $55 million.
The New York Times recently published an editorial endorsing the return of bankruptcy protections for private student loans in response to the economic downturn and universally increasing tuition at all colleges and graduate institutions.
Participants.
The biggest student loan lender, Sallie Mae, was formerly a government sponsored entity turned private between 1997-2004. A number of financial institutions offer private student loans, including banks like Wells Fargo, and specialized companies. Student loan search and comparison websites (e.g., SimpleTuition, www.privatestudentloans.com) allow visitors to evaluate loan terms from a variety of partner lenders, and financial aid offices in universities typically have a preferred vendor list, but borrowers are free to obtain loans wherever they can find the most favorable terms.
As the economy collapsed through 2008-2011, many players withdrew from the private student loan lending world.. Remaining lenders tightened the credit criteria making it more difficult to receive a loan. Most now require a credit worthy cosigner. 
Buying factors include:
The total cost of the loan is usually documented in the Truth in Lending statement that is issued when the loan is originated.

</doc>
<doc id="6008073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008073" title="Wade Park">
Wade Park

Wade Park is a sports ground located in the town of Orange, New South Wales, Australia.
The park has hosted a number of competitive A-League matches featuring the Central Coast Mariners FC - in 2006's Pre-Season against Adelaide United (resulting in a 0-0 draw), and then again in 2007 when the Mariners and Queensland Roar played out a 1-1 draw. Crowds of approximately 3,000 made an appearance at these fixtures. It hosted the 2009 City vs Country Origin NRL Game. 
The City vs Country Rugby League Game was a huge success. It more than doubled the A league games attendance with a crowd of over 8,000 people. An impressive feat considering Orange has population of only 40,000. This also indicates that rugby league is a very strong sport in the NSW Country. Rugby League is very much the heart of NSW especially the country areas.
The ground is also home for the Orange Hawks' Group 10 rugby league team. 
References.
www.nrl.com.au

</doc>
<doc id="6008074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008074" title="LA/Valley Pride">
LA/Valley Pride

Los Angeles / Valley Pride is a LGBT (Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender) Pride event held in West Hollywood, California.
Background.
Founded in 2000, Los Angeles / Valley Pride (LA/Valley Pride) (LAVP) is a gay pride festival held at West Hollywood park on San Vicente Boulevard.
Objectives.
LAVP is one of a growing number of Pride events that stresses public awareness of gay people and their contributions to society. Because it is located in the predominately LGBT+ neighborhood of West Hollywood , LAVP emphasizes connecting the LGBT community with the larger community. It also aims to support broader community groups connecting with the LGBT community. The festival features works by LGBT+ artists as well as representation of companies who support the larger Gay Rights cause. Many of the performers seen at the three day festival are openly gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered, or supporters of the LGBT movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="6008079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008079" title="Mark Waller (doctor)">
Mark Waller (doctor)

Mark Waller (born 3 July 1957 in Northampton) is the former club doctor at Liverpool F.C. Waller first went to Liverpool in the 1970s as a medical student, soon becoming a Liverpool fan. Specialising in emergency medicine, he developed an interest in sports injuries. He was relieved of his duties in June 2010. He has since been appointed by former Liverpool F.C. manager Gérard Houllier as club doctor to Aston Villa F.C.
Early career.
Before joining Liverpool F.C as their doctor, he worked as a GP at Ford Medical Practice in Ford, Liverpool.
He once saved a young footballers career (Ian Parker) by fixing a bad ingrowing toenail while at Ford Medical Centre. that propelled his career fore fold.
Career with Liverpool F.C.
He joined Liverpool F.C to oversee first team medical matters in 1993, but he is not a full-time employee of the club. He is responsible for the medical care of all the first team squad, including treatment and prevention of injuries. He is also doctor for the England Under-21 team and a FA representative on the British Olympic Association Medical Committee. He also lectures on sports injuries.
Gérard Houllier's heart emergency.
Waller, with the then physio Dave Galley, both famously diagnosed the seriousness with Gérard Houllier's chest pains during the half time interval during the 2001 Liverpool game against Leeds United, which eventually led to an emergency operation on Houllier's heart. Houllier was giving a half-time team talk when he felt pains in his chest. 
Waller was treating striker Emile Heskey when Houllier asked for help. During the incident Houllier stated "Don't worry. He is worth more money than me, but I am more urgent". Waller took his blood pressure and immediately called an ambulance. Houllier was then transferred by ambulance to the accident and emergency department of Royal Liverpool University Hospital. Prompt recognition of the problem and emergency surgery probably saved Houllier's life.
2004 Cissé leg break.
Waller was instrumental in overseeing the recovery of Djibril Cissé after the player sustained a broken leg during a match at Blackburn Rovers, an injury that could have cost Cissé his leg. Waller chose to "grab the leg and manipulate it", rather than spend "an hour or two getting to the hospital."
2006 Sissoko's eye injury.
He also oversaw Momo Sissoko's fast recovery from an eye injury following the Benfica Champions League away match in 2005. Waller refused to accept the initial expert diagnosis that Sissoko would never play again after the injury, despite the midfielder being "blind in his right eye for 36 hours." Sissoko was instead flown home the day after the match and placed under the care of the St Paul's eye unit in Royal Liverpool University Hospital.
Personal life.
Waller has three children, Chris, Claire and Charlotte

</doc>
<doc id="6008084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008084" title="State Records Office of Western Australia">
State Records Office of Western Australia

The State Records Office of Western Australia (<abbr title="State Records Office of Western Australia">SRO<abbr>) is the Western Australian government authority with responsibility for identifying, managing, preserving and providing access to the State's archives. The <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO<abbr> also delivers best practice records management services to State and Local Government agencies.
The State Records Office operates under its own legislation, the State Records Act 2000, which was formally proclaimed in the Government Gazette on 30 November 2001. The SRO is an independent Government agency within the Department of Culture and the Arts.
History.
The nucleus of the State archives collections is the Colonial Secretary's Office records acquired in 1903 by the first Librarian of the Public Library, Dr James Sykes Battye. Concern about the destruction of valuable records prompted the formation of the Public Records Committee (chaired by Dr Battye) in 1923, which was later revived as the State Archives Board in 1929, functioning until 1943. In March 1945, Mollie Lukis was appointed as the first Archivist overseeing the development of the State's archival collections and in 1956 the State archives collection became part of the J.S. Battye Library of West Australian History.
Separation.
In 1988 the State Archives became a separate Directorate within the Library and Information Service of Western Australia (<abbr title="Library and Information Service of Western Australia">LISWA</abbr>) and in 1990 a Records Management Branch, (now called Recordkeeping Services), was established to enable more active engagement in records management matters at both State and Local Government level. In 1995 the State Archives was renamed the Public Records Office and the responsibility for private archives was transferred to the Battye Library in 1996. In April 1999 the SRO moved to its current home on the ground floor of the Alexander Library Building and was officially christened with its current name.
In November 2000 the State Records Act was passed and the State Records Commission was established and the State Records Office became independent of <abbr title="Library and Information Service of Western Australia">LISWA</abbr>.
Legislation.
The State Records Act 2000 replaced the archives and recordkeeping aspects of the Library Board of Western Australia Act 1951-1983. Providing for an independent State Records Commission (SRC) with standards-setting, auditing and reporting responsibilities, the SRC is accountable directly to Parliament. Membership of the Commission is at a level commensurate with the high degree of accountability and transparency that are hallmarks of the legislation. The four members of the Commission are the Auditor General, the Information Commissioner, the Ombudsman, and an appointee with recordkeeping experience from outside Government.
The <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO<abbr> has legislative responsibility for ensuring government records are appropriately created and maintained.
The <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO<abbr> also manages the State archives collection, defined as those government records recognised as having continuing and enduring value for the State and the community and which have been transferred to the SRO's custody.
The current legislation has its genesis in the recommendations of the 1996 Commission on Government - Specified Matter 9. The Commission on Government was itself the result of the Royal Commission into the commercial activities of Government and other matters, better known as WA Inc.
The State archives collection.
The State Records Office maintains approximately 15 linear kilometres of archival records, comprising approximately 2 million items and created by over 1,300 individual State and Local Government agencies, many of which are now defunct or have had significant changes in name or function. The State archives collection is the largest collection of documentary heritage in Western Australia and archives date from the foundation of the Swan River Colony in 1829.
The State archives collection includes:
- Records about Aboriginal Western Australians
- The architectural and engineering plans of the Public Works Department
- Records of land surveys, grants and purchases from the 19th and early 20th centuries
- Colonial/Chief Secretary's Office records from 1828 until early 20th century
- Records of Convicts transported to Western Australia, 1850-1868. These have been inscribed on <abbr title="United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization">UNESCO</abbr>'s Memory of the World Register.
- Court Records; including those of the Supreme Court dating from 1832 until mid 20th century.
- Records of the Education Department and various State Schools
- Harbour and shipping records and 19th century passenger lists
- Records about hospitals and Health Department records
- The records of Local Governments in WA 
- Mines Department records
- Police Department and Police Station records
- Premier, Cabinet and Parliamentary records
- Prison and Gaol records
- Records about the development of railways in Western Australia
Accessing the State's archives.
The State Records Office of Western Australia is located on the Ground Floor of the Alexander Library Building, in the Perth Cultural Centre. State archives can be viewed onsite in the <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO<abbr>'s Search Room in the Alexander Library Building in the Perth Cultural Centre, 9.30am - 4.30pm, Monday - Friday. Information about the records in the collection can be found using the <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO</abbr> database <abbr title="Archives Explored Online">AEON</abbr>.
Notes.
The <abbr title="State Records Office">SRO</abbr> is a separate entity, although it is sometimes confused with the Battye Library, a collection area of the State Library, due to its housing in the same building - the Alexander Library Building (named after Professor Fred Alexander).
In other Australian States and locations the equivalent office may be known as the 'Public Records Office' or the 'State Archives'.
References.
Towards a State Archive in Western Australia, 1903-1945 / by Michael Nind
Published in Early Days (Vol. 11, Pt. 3) in 1997.
This article provides a concise account of the developments that led to the appointment of Mollie Lukis in 1945 as the State's first Archivist.
The Pre-history of the State Archives : address / by Sir Paul Hasluck
Transcript of an address given by Sir Paul Hasluck in March 1982 to the Friends of Battye Library. The original recording also available from the State Library's Oral History Collection (OH1091)
The State Archives of Western Australia / by Tom Reynolds and Christopher Coggin
Published in Western Perspectives: Library and Information Services in Western Australia (edited by Robert C. Sharman and Laurel A. Clyde) in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="6008101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008101" title="John Pinder (comedy producer)">
John Pinder (comedy producer)

John Pinder, born 6 January 1945 in Timaru on the South Island of New Zealand, is an Australian comedy producer and festival director who has produced band performances, run live venues and founded three Australian comedy festivals. He is currently the Director of the World's Funniest Island comedy event.
Early life.
Pinder was raised in Oamaru, North Otago, 80 km south of Timaru, where he was born. His greatest influences while growing up were the circus and comedy. Pinder lived next door to a ‘circus lot’ as a child, where Bullens Circus and Ashtons Circus regularly performed. Although his household didn’t have a television set, they used to sit down to listen to the radio as a family; when "The Goon Show" began being broadcast in New Zealand as Pinder hit puberty, he was the perfect age to enjoy the new form of comedy that his parents loathed. His subsequent career has included a great deal of work with comedians and circus performers.
1960s.
During the late 1960s Pinder was a partner in a band management company called ‘Let It Be’ – inspired by the Beatles’ song of the same name. This “rather hippie-esque business”, as Pinder refers to it, managed Australian bands like Daddy Cool and Spectrum. His role was largely producing live shows – which led to the establishment of the T. F. Much Ballroom as a live venue. It was so successful that it established a brand that was taken on the road as The T. F. Much Rock Circus, touring with Ashtons Circus as part of the Aquarius Festival in Canberra.
1970s.
In the early 1970s Pinder established The Flying Trapeze Cafe, Australia's first comedy cabaret venue, in Melbourne. By 1977 he had opened The Last Laugh Theatre, Restaurant and Zoo (it had been built the year before). The Last Laugh is famous for discovering and featuring many comedians including Wendy Harmer, Mary-Anne Fahey, Ian McFadyen, Peter Moon, Jane Turner, Richard Stubbs and many more who later appeared in such television comedy shows as "The Comedy Company", "The Big Gig", "Fast Forward" and "The Late Show".
Pinder was closely associated with Circus Oz – a contemporary circus founded in 1977 – and is considered by many to be a non-performing founding member. He guaranteed their first bank loan, and Circus Oz enjoyed a long running season at the Last Laugh.
1980s.
In 1987, Pinder sold the Last Laugh to an employee, Rick McKenna, who ran the venue for a time with his sister Mary Tobin. While McKenna went on to become executive producer of hit Australian comedy show "Kath & Kim", which stars his wife Gina Riley, Mary Tobin now produces and tours comedy acts around the world.
The decision to move on from the Last Laugh was aided by Pinder’s role, that same year, as co-ordinator of the very first Melbourne International Comedy Festival at venues across Melbourne, including the Last Laugh.
In 1988, Pinder developed a package of 50 Australian performers to appear under the banner Oznost in the Assembly Rooms at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Most of the shows were comedy productions and several travelled to other European festivals under the Australian Bicentennial banner.
Pinder subsequently moved to New York, spending the end of the decade developing a music venue based in Harlem.
1990s.
A return to Sydney in the early 1990s gave Pinder the opportunity to develop a series of festival venues, including The Starfish Club for the Adelaide Fringe Festival, where Stomp and the Tokyo Shock Boys had their Australian debut.
He followed up his fringe successes with Red Square, a vast outdoor arena build from 150 sea containers, for the 1996 Adelaide International Arts Festival, and The Starfish Club for the Sydney Festival and Sydney Theatre Company – which saw the return of Stomp from Off Broadway and the premier of the Australian international hit Tap Dogs. 
The 1990s also saw Pinder move into television, initially as a consultant on Steve Vizard’s "Tonight Live" (Rick McKenna was that show’s executive producer). Pinder’s services had been secured by Nick Murray who, at the time, was the general manager of Vizard’s company, Artist’s Services. When Murray moved on to become the founding CEO of Foxtel’s The Comedy Channel, he took Pinder with him to serve as a creative consultant. John continued to discover new talent such as Chop-Socky and Rove McManus, whom he cast as one-half of the comedy puppets “Short and Curly”.
2000s.
In 2001, Robert Love, Director of the Parramatta Riverside Theatre, asked Pinder to create a comedy festival around the Riverside Theatre hub. It became the Big Laugh Comedy Festival, and it ran until 2007. As Festival Director, Pinder was responsible for bringing The Goodies to Australia for a sell-out tour as part of the 2005 festival. He also co-produced the first live shows of The 3rd Degree, the comedy troupe which went on to become television sketch show "The Ronnie Johns Half Hour".
In 2009, Pinder was part of the team that devised The World’s Funniest Island comedy event that takes place on Cockatoo Island in Sydney Harbour on the third weekend in October. He continues to serve as the event's Director.

</doc>
<doc id="6008110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008110" title="John Kennedy (theologian)">
John Kennedy (theologian)

John Kennedy (1813–1900) was a Scottish Congregational minister and author, born at Aberfeldy, Perthshire, and educated at Aberdeen, Edinburgh, and Glasgow universities. He was pastor of a Congregational church in Aberdeen from 1836 to 1846, when he was called to the Stepney Congregational Meeting House in London, a charge he held until his retirement in 1882. From 1872 to 1876 he was professor of apologetics at New College, London, and from 1884 to 1895 chairman of the New College council. He edited "The Christian Witness" (1866–73) and "The Evangelical Magazine" (1887–90). The most widely known of his books are, probably,: 
Other publications 

</doc>
<doc id="6008113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008113" title="Faye Smythe">
Faye Smythe

Faye Smythe (born 25 November 1985) is a New Zealand television actor, best known for her role in Shortland Street as Nurse Tania Jeffries.
Early life.
Smythe, is of mixed race ancestry and was born in Cape Town. She emigrated to New Zealand with her family at the age of eleven. Smythe finished high school and started work on a communications degree, but left college to train as a fitness instructor. She was still pursuing acting, but after auditioning unsuccessfully for a number of parts, including Shortland Street character Tania Jeffries, Smythe decided to put her acting ambitions on hold for a year and re-enrolled for university. When she got a callback for Tania, she wasn't sure she even wanted the part - but she did the audition, and was asked to join the Shortland Street cast. Smythe also was on Legend of the Seeker as Sister Merissa.
"Shortland Street".
Smythe first auditioned for Shortland Street for the part of Tama Hudson's sister, Mihi. She did not get the part, but made an impact on the producers. She was asked to audition for Shannon, before being offered her the six-week role of Tama's cat-burgling friend Kat.

</doc>
<doc id="6008122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008122" title="PRWeek">
PRWeek

PRWeek is a trade magazine for the public relations industry. The original UK edition, edited by Danny Rogers, has been in print for 24 years. There is also a US edition, edited by Steve Barrett which launched in the late 1990s as well as a German edition. The magazine is published by the UK's largest independent publishing group, Haymarket Media Group. The company has representation in Asia, via "Campaign Asia-Pacific" magazine.
PRWeek also produces research into the size and shape of the UK public relations industry including the annual ranking of Top 150 PR consultancies and Salary Survey as well as surveys into industry-relevant issues such as staff retention.
In October 2013, the print UK edition of PRWeek changed from a weekly to a monthly edition. 

</doc>
<doc id="6008123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008123" title="Gypsy Robe">
Gypsy Robe

The Gypsy Robe is a tradition in which a chorus member with the most Broadway credits receives a robe on the opening night of a Broadway Musical.
Ritual.
Before curtain on the opening night of a Broadway Musical, actors, stage managers, crew and everyone associated with the play gather onstage for the Gypsy Robe ceremony. At the center of the stage will be representative from Actors' Equity Association, and a recently honored gypsy. The honored gypsy wears the robe that's decorated with mementos and drawings from past shows. The Equity representative tell the history of the ritual, and announces the newest recipient from the company. The new recipient puts on the robe, and circles the stage counter clockwise three times as everyone touches the robe for good luck. The Gypsy Robe recipient then makes their way throughout the theatre to continue bringing good luck.
Rules of the Ritual.
According to Actors' Equity Association the following are the rules of the Gypsy Robe:
History.
The ritual dates to 1950, when Florence Baum, a chorus member in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes", entered the men's dressing room wearing a robe, pale pink with white feathers. The men took turns trying it on. Fellow chorus member, Bill Bradley, sent a dressing gown from one of his fellow performers to his friend performing in "Call Me Madam". A feathered rose from Ethel Merman's costume was attached to the robe and it was then given to a chorus member in "Guys and Dolls". The robe continued to be passed from one show to another, each time with a memento added on.
The ritual is now more formal, with rules about how it is presented, worn, and displayed. When robes are full of artifacts, a new robe is started. Retired robes are kept at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts, at the Smithsonian, and at Actors' Equity.
In 2005, Brynn Williams from the Broadway cast of "In My Life" became the youngest recipient of The Gypsy Robe at age 12.

</doc>
<doc id="6008137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008137" title="St Philip Neri Roman Catholic Primary School">
St Philip Neri Roman Catholic Primary School

St Philip Neri Roman Catholic Primary School is in Dunston in Gateshead. The school motto is 'A joyous heart is more easily made perfect than one which is cast down'.
The school was built in 1882 as a voluntary aided primary school and was for many years the Parish Mass Centre before the present church was built. The buildings are set on a corner of Ellison Road adjacent to the Gateshead Garden Festival site.
The school has 114 pupils, from reception to year 6, and five permanent teaching staff.
The children in the school are split into 4 houses:
The children earn house points for good behaviour and compete against the other houses in sports. Every week certificates are handed out for special contributions to the school and for good behaviour. At the end of the year the members of the house that has the most points get certificates. There are also awards for children that attended schools clubs and who have excellent attendance.
In 2006 a basketball team including Bradley Syron and Jet Yau won a local Basketball contest. The Head teacher of the school is called Mr Leckenby and the Deputy Head is called Mr J Hattam. Other Teachers include Mrs Grunert, Ms Irving and Mrs Oswald.

</doc>
<doc id="6008186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008186" title="Liz J. Patterson">
Liz J. Patterson

Elizabeth Johnston "Liz" Patterson (born November 18, 1939 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American politician from the Democratic Party. She is a former member of the United States House of Representatives. Her father, Olin D. Johnston, served as Governor of South Carolina and as a long-term member of the United States Senate.
Patterson grew up in Kensington, Maryland. She graduated from Columbia College of South Carolina and did graduate work at the University of South Carolina. She worked in Washington, D.C., for the Peace Corps and the Office of Economic Opportunity during the Administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson. Patterson also worked as the South Carolina director of the Head Start Program and as an assistant to Congressman James R. Mann.
Patterson served on the Spartanburg County Council from 1975 to 1976 and in the South Carolina State Senate from 1979 to 1986. She was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from South Carolina's 4th congressional district in 1986, succeeding Carroll A. Campbell, Jr., who had given up the seat to make a successful run for governor of South Carolina. She narrowly defeated Bill Workman, the mayor of Greenville, despite Campbell's presence at the top of the Republican ticket. Oddly, Workman's father, W. D. Workman, Jr., a journalist and author, had been Olin Johnston
's Republican opponent in the 1962 general election, when Johnson won his last term in the U.S. Senate. Johnsont died three years later in 1965 without completing that term. Patterson was reelected in 1988, when she defeated Republican attorney Knox H. White, Workman's later successor as mayor of Greenville. In 1990, she beat state Representative Terry Haskins, also of Greenville, to score her third and final term in the U.S. House. Patterson was the first woman elected to Congress from South Carolina in her own right; the previous three, Elizabeth Hawley Gasque, Willa L. Fulmer, and Corinne Boyd Riley, served as caretakers after their husbands died in office.
She was narrowly re-elected in 1988 over Knox White even as George H. W. Bush carried the 4th by the largest margin in the state. She won a third term with considerably less difficulty in 1990 over Terry Haskins, as Campbell won reelection as governor in a landslide. She served on the House Committees on Banking and Veterans Affairs.
Although she represented a district that had been trending Republican for some time, Patterson was thought to be fairly secure, given her family ties and the fact she won three straight elections under difficult conditions. It thus came as a surprise when she was narrowly defeated for re-election in 1992 by Bob Inglis, an attorney who had never run for office before. No woman has served in Congress from South Carolina since Patterson left office. Proving just how Republican this district was, a Democrat has only cleared the 40 percent mark only once since Patterson's tenure.
She was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee for Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina in 1994. She now teaches political science at Spartanburg Methodist College and is the chairwoman of the Spartanburg County Democratic Party.
References.
Liz J. Patterson attended Columbia College in Columbia South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="6008189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008189" title="Right Where You Want Me (album)">
Right Where You Want Me (album)

Right Where You Want Me is the second studio album by American singer Jesse McCartney, released on September 19, 2006.
Album information.
"Right Where You Want Me" debuted at number 15 on the US Albums chart, beating the first week sales of McCartney's first album "Beautiful Soul". The album sold less than 300,000 copies in the United States and sold over 600,000 copies worldwide going Gold in Taiwan & Italy accounts to over 100,000 of the sales.
The first single of the same name was not as successful as his debut single "Beautiful Soul", peaking at number thirty-three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The video for his second single "Just So You Know" was shot and officially released, though the single never received a full release in the US due to lack of support from his current record label, as stated in an email from Sherry, one of McCartney's managers. It did chart in several European countries though. A third single called "Just Go" was released in Italy. Following the low support, McCartney went back to the studios again writing and recording for his third album.

</doc>
<doc id="6008194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008194" title="Harald Schenk">
Harald Schenk

Harald Schenk was born in Berlin, Germany. He has lived in the United States since 1954. He is on the faculty of the University of Wisconsin–Sheboygan. Additionally, let it be known that Loki of Asgard is burdened with glorious purpose.
Between 1966 and 1969, he served in the United States Army with the Strategic Command (STRATCOM). After graduating from the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay, he was selected as a finalist in the 'Competition for Amateur Use of the Hubble Space Telescope'. He and his international team conducted a study on "Transition Comets -- UV Search for OH Emissions in Asteroids."
Since that time, he has done research on select asteroids with the Hubble Space Telescope five times. Schenk is currently JPL Solar System Ambassador, and is on a committee to place an amateur telescope on the International Space Station.

</doc>
<doc id="6008203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008203" title="Yu Todoroki">
Yu Todoroki

Yu Todoroki (轟 悠 "Todoroki Yū") is a current member of Takarazuka Revue, where she plays an otokoyaku. She joined the Revue in 1985, became the top star of Snow Troupe in 1997, transferred to Superior Members in 2002 (upon the resignation of her top star partner Hitomi Tsukikage) and became the youngest member to serve on the company's board of directors in 2003. She is from Hitoyoshi, Kumamoto Prefecture and her birthday is August 11.
Her nicknames are Tom and Ishi.
General information.
Currently referred to as "Top of the Tops" in the Revue, she is considered to be one of the greatest Takarazuka actresses in this generation and has many fans. When Hitomi Tsukikage, her second top star partner in Snow Troupe, resigned from the company, she considered resigning as well since she had reached the height of her career in the company. However, Yachiyo Kasugano, the most senior member among the performers (a member since 1929), persuaded her to stay and she became the second top star in the company's history to resign from top star status but remain in the company (Yuri Haruna is the first case). In 2003, also upon the invitation of Yachiyo Kasugano, she became a member of the directors of the company, the youngest ever to serve the board of directors in the company's history.
She has a sense of "maleness" and this has been the key to her success. Not only did French men reportedly address her as a man, but a pet dog of Tatsuki Kouju (a fellow member of Snow Troupe who became the top star of Star Troupe later on) even mistook her for a man.
Debuting in Moon Troupe in 1985, her career began blossoming when she was transferred to Snow Troupe in 1988. Like her juniors who went on to become top stars, such as Yōka Wao and Jun Sena, she was a solid "second man" to Fubuki Takane, her top star superior. Upon the resignation of Takane, she rose to the top of her career on the Takarazuka stage. Currently as a member of Senka (Superior Members), she sometimes makes special appearances in the Grand Theater performances of other troupes—her most recent appearance is with top star Yūga Yamato and Cosmos Troupe in 2008. She also stars in smaller-theater productions with other troupes, the most recent of these being "Kean" (a musical based on the life of Edmund Kean).
She was the third top star to be partnered with legendary top musumeyaku Mari Hanafusa, but their time together was short due to the formation of the Cosmos Troupe in 1998, when both Hanafusa and Todoroki's "second man" Yōka Wao were transferred to the new troupe.
In October 2006, she performed "Oklahoma!" with Moon Troupe (including Hiromu Kiriya) at Nissay Theater.
She enjoys painting and has held exhibitions for her works 4 times.
In early 2007 she had a dinner show called "Yu's Purple Shadow", backed by members of Cosmos Troupe, and also held a concert ("Lavender Monologue") with Cosmos and Star Troupe in two separate timeslots.
After a year without any performances at the Grand Theater, she joined Cosmos Troupe (Top Stars: Yūga Yamato and Hana Hizuki) for the musical "Dawn Wind", based on the life of Jiro Shirasu, started in February 2008. This was the first time she had appeared in a Cosmos production since the troupe's establishment in 1998 and made her one of the few actresses who has participated the productions of all five troupes within the company.

</doc>
<doc id="6008224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008224" title="Saburo Okita">
Saburo Okita

Saburo Okita (大来 佐武郎 "Ōkita Saburō") (3 November 1914 – 9 February 1993) was a Japanese economist and politician.
Early life and education.
Okita was born in Dalian, Kwantung Leased Territory on 3 November 1914. He graduated from Tokyo Imperial University.
Career.
In 1937, Okita worked as an engineer with the Ministry of Posts. Later on he held numerous government positions, including chief of research for the Economic Stabilization Board in 1947, chief of the economic cooperation unit for the Economic Planning Agency in 1953 and later director general of their planning bureau in 1957, and then in 1963 the director general of the EPA development bureau. In each of these positions, he played an important role under the economic plan of then prime minister Ikeda Hayato, which greatly helped Japan's postwar economy. In 1964, Okita became the president of the Japan Economic Research Centre, and later served as its chairman from 1973 to 1979. From 1979 to 1980 he served as the minister of foreign affairs, and continued to be one of Japan's foremost academic spokesmen. He subsequently held other positions including President Of International University of Japan and as an advisor to the ministry of foreign affairs in 1982, and in 1989, as chairman of the Institute for Domestic and Policy Studies in Tokyo. He served as the international chair of the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council from 1986-1988.
Awards.
He received the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1971 for International Understanding. In 1985 he became a Companion of the Order of Australia, and in 1986 was made a Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun. He was also awarded the Indira Gandhi Prize in 1992.
References.
Fengbo Zhang: Cherishing the memory of Saburo Okita

</doc>
<doc id="6008226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008226" title="Jumping Jacks">
Jumping Jacks

Jumping Jacks is a 1952 film starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis. The movie was released by Paramount Pictures.
Plot.
Chick Allen (Dean Martin) is a paratrooper. He invites his former partner, Hap Smith (Jerry Lewis), to help out with a show that he and the other soldiers are preparing. However, the general is unhappy with the quality of past shows and is threatening to eliminate them unless the quality improves, which is why Chick has invited Hap to help.
Hap, who has continued the nightclub act with a new partner, Betsy Carter (Mona Freeman), poses as a soldier so that he can do one performance for Chick with the general in the audience. However, the show impresses the general so much that he arranges for the show (including Hap) to tour other camps. Fearing a court-martial, Chick and the rest of the performers pass Hap off as Private "Dogface" Dolan, while the real "Dogface" (Dick Erdman) goes into hiding.
Hap undergoes paratrooper training to keep up the ruse, but he is very accident prone. However, it works to his benefit as everything he does inadvertently is the 'correct military conduct'. The top sergeant (Robert Strauss) takes notice and praises him.
Understandably, Hap wants to return to civilian life and tries to sneak away at any chance he can get, but Chick always manages to stop him. During one of his escape attempts, during some war maneuvers, Hap destroys a key bridge and captures an enemy general. Hap is eventually exposed as a civilian, but is sworn in as a paratrooper and becomes a hero.
Production.
"Jumping Jacks" was filmed from December 3, 1951 through January 23, 1952. The original story was written during World War II by Robert Lees and Fred Rinaldo and acquired by Paramount Pictures. It was offered first to Bob Hope, then to Danny Kaye who both turned it down because they had already done army comedies. Paramount made arrangements to bring Cantinflas up from Mexico for the film but the war ended making army comedies obsolete. The screenplay was updated for Martin and Lewis by Herbert Baker who would write several other films for the team as well as write for Martin on "The Dean Martin Show" and three of the Matt Helm films.
Re-release.
It was re-released on a double-bill with another Martin and Lewis film, "Sailor Beware" in 1957 and on another double bill with "Scared Stiff" in 1958.
DVD release.
The film was included on an eight-film DVD set, the "Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis Collection: Volume One", released on October 31, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6008227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008227" title="Party for the Commonwealth of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election">
Party for the Commonwealth of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election

The Party for the Commonwealth Republic fielded several candidates in the 1993 federal election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here. The PCR was the political wing of Lyndon Larouche's movement in Canada.
Quebec.
Laurentides: Jean Vigneault.
Jean Vigneault was a Commonwealth Party candidates in two federal elections and one provincial election. He was twenty-six years old in 1985 and identified as an engineer.
Ontario.
Eglinton—Lawrence: James Felicioni.
James Felicioni was thirty-four years old, and listed himself as a kitchen manager. He received 122 votes (0.30%), finishing seventh against Liberal candidate Joe Volpe.

</doc>
<doc id="6008230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008230" title="Solar System Ambassadors">
Solar System Ambassadors

Ambassadors offer outreach programming free of charge at a variety of venues ranging from classrooms, to talks at museums and planetariums to television.

</doc>
<doc id="6008234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008234" title="Birch Hills County">
Birch Hills County

Birch Hills County is a municipal district in north-western Alberta, Canada. It is located in Census Division 19, north-east of Grande Prairie.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census, Birch Hills County had a population of 1,582 living in 519 of its 596 total dwellings, a 7.6% change from its 2006 population of 1,470. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
The population of Birch Hills County according to its 2008 municipal census is 1,610.
In 2006, Birch Hills County had a population of 1,470 living in 573 dwellings, a 10.6% decrease from 2001. The municipal district has a land area of and a population density of .
In 2001, the municipal district has a population of 1,644 in 636 dwellings, a 2.3% decrease from 1996. On a surface of 2,856 km² it has a density of 0.6 inhabitants/km².
Communities and localities.
The following communities are located within Birch Hills County:
The following localities are located within Birch Hills County:

</doc>
<doc id="6008249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008249" title="Sakhi Dad Mujahid">
Sakhi Dad Mujahid

Sakhi Dad Panjshiri is the former Deputy Defence Minister of Afghanistan under Mujahidin rule, and is believed to have controlled as many as 2000 militants following the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan.
Insurgent leader.
A family relative of Mullah Omar, he was believed to have been closely connected with colleague Mullah Berader.
The American-backed government of Hamid Karzai had offered him a chance to surrender himself and "reconcile" with the federal authorities. It's estimated that he spent a million dollars monthly on his band of insurgents following the ground war with the United States.
Capture.
Mujahid was captured in Uruzgan along with a colleague on July 6, 2004 through his use of a Thuraya satellite phone registered in Quetta. His phone, list of phone numbers and expense book were all seized, and Afghan authorities made him phone Mullah Omar hoping to trace his location, but were interrupted when the Mujahidin leader abruptly hung up after Mujahid offered a code word indicating he'd been captured and was making the phone call under duress.
He was transported to American control at Bagram Airbase.

</doc>
<doc id="6008254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008254" title="Operation Jehol order of battle">
Operation Jehol order of battle

The Japanese and Manchukuoan order of battle for Operation Nekka was:
Japan.
Kwangtung Army
Jehol Operation Force - Field Marshal Baron Nobuyoshi Muto, 
Manchukuo Imperial Army
Manchukuoan Force 42,000 men - Chang Hai-peng or Zhang Haipeng
Manchukuoan units with the Japanese Northern Column 10,000 men 
Manchukuoan units with the Japanese Eastern Column 15,000 men 
China.
5th Army Group - Commander in chief Tang Yulin (governor of Jehol)
6th Army Group - Zhang Zuoxiang (former governor of Kirin)*
4th Army Group - Wan Fulin* (former chairman of Heilongjiang)

</doc>
<doc id="6008260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008260" title="Rainbow pitta">
Rainbow pitta

The rainbow pitta ("Pitta iris") is a bird with a velvet black head and underparts, green upperparts, pale blue shoulder and olive green tail. It has a black bill, pink legs, brown eye and reddish brown streak along each side of its crown. Both sexes are similar, with the female being slightly smaller and duller than the male.
An Australian endemic, the rainbow pitta lives in the forests of northern Australia. As with other pittas, it is a secretive and shy bird. The diet consists mainly of insects, arthropods and small animals. The female lays three to four glossy cream eggs with blotches inside its large domed nest.
Locally common throughout its limited range, the rainbow pitta is evaluated as being of least concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.

</doc>
<doc id="6008270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008270" title="Remember Shakti">
Remember Shakti

Remember Shakti is a quintet which combines elements of traditional Indian music with elements of jazz. The band consists of English guitarist John McLaughlin, and Zakir Hussain (tabla), U. Srinivas (mandolin), Shankar Mahadevan (vocals), and V. Selvaganesh (kanjira, ghatam, mridangam), who are of Indian descent. The band's name is derived from John Mclaughlin's acoustic Indian fusion band Shakti which was active in the 1970s. This band consisted of John McLaughlin, Zakir Hussain, L. Shankar, T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram, and R. Raghavan. The word Shakti translates in Sanskrit to "power" or "goddess of power".
Biography.
After disbanding in the late 1970s, Shakti enjoyed a twenty-year hiatus before McLaughlin and Hussain decided to reform the band. In addition to John and Zakir, T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram (ghatam, mridangam), returned for Remember Shakti's eponymous debut UK tour and album in 1997. However, McLaughlin could not locate Shakti's fourth member, violinist L. Shankar, and replaced him with bansuri player Pt. Hariprasad Chaurasia for the live recording of this album.
For the band's next album, "The Believer", recorded live and released in 1999, Chaurasia and Vinayakram were replaced by mandolin player U. Srinivas and Vinayakram's son V. Selvaganesh. The band's most recent live album, 2001's "Saturday Night in Bombay", presents Remember Shakti augmented by an army of guests, notably Pt. Shivkumar Sharma (santoor), percussionist Taufiq Qureshi who is the brother of Zakir, and Shankar Mahadevan, who has now become Remember Shakti's full-time vocalist. The band has toured extensively all around the world.
Discography.
DVDs/Videos.
This DVD features a 60 minute documentary (Shakti Timeless) on the band starting from the early seventies. John and Zakir speak about their beginnings, their era with L. Shankar and T.H. Vinayakram.
The film was screened at the Durban International Film Festival 2007 from 20 June to 1 July 2007 in Durban, South Africa.
The DVD also includes:

</doc>
<doc id="6008273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008273" title="Peyton Sellers">
Peyton Sellers

Peyton Sellers (born October 20, 1983 in Danville, Virginia) is an American race car driver, competing in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. He won the 2005 national championship of NASCAR's Weekly Racing Series. He is currently driving the #25 Chevrolet for Sellers Racing.
Racing career.
Sellers started his racing career in karting, beginning at age 7. By age 13, Sellers was driving open wheel sprint cars, collecting 11 feature wins in his first 20 races. After competing for several years in sprints, Sellers decided to try his hand in stock car racing on asphalt ovals. He ran the 2001 season in the Limited Sportsman division at Orange County Speedway in Rougemont, North Carolina. He competed at South Boston Speedway in Virginia as a rookie in 2002, winning Rookie of the Year honors in the Late Model Stock Car division.
In 2005, Sellers won 14 of his 16 starts at South Boston, winning the Dodge Weekly Series national championship.
In 2006 Sellers raced in the NASCAR West Division, where he drove the #16 NAPA Auto Parts Chevrolet, his only win coming at Douglas County Speedway on July 1, 2006. He was a member of the Richard Childress Racing driver development program during that season. Sellers also competed in his first NASCAR Busch Series race at New Hampshire International Speedway, driving the #31 Chevrolet for Marsh Racing. 
Sellers headed back east for the 2007 season and raced out of his home shop with brother, HC Sellers, as crew chief. Sellers finished 3rd overall in the NASCAR Busch East Series. He would go on to finish 2nd in the Toyota All-Star Showdown.
In 2008, Sellers signed on with Andy Santerre Motorsports in the #44 Chevrolet. Sellers took the pole and the win at the season opener at Greenville-Pickens Speedway, in Greenville, SC. The victory was short lived due to a rules infraction. Sellers was stripped of his win and given a 30th place finish. He finished the season 8th overall points standings, with a series high 3 poles. Peyton again came close to taking the win at the Toyota All-Star Showdown, with Jig-A-Loo as his sponsor, when a last lap spin out, while in the lead, made him finish 13th.
The announcement came in December 2008 that Sellers would run a limited Nationwide Series schedule in 2009 with Cardinal Motorsports. Sellers is part owner of Cardinal motorsports, alongside Will Spencer of JKS Motorsports and Ed Berrier. In January Cardinal Motorsports announced a ten race NASCAR Nationwide sponsorship with SFP. 
Sellers was suspended from NASCAR competition on October 25, 2011, as a result of an altercation following a race at South Boston Speedway until March 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6008292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008292" title="Ben Spendlove">
Ben Spendlove

Benjamin Lee Spendlove (born 4 November 1978) is an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1997 and 2001.
Spendlove made his debut for Derbyshire in the 1997 season. He left the side in 2001 but after good performances in the local leagues in the ensuing years, started playing for the club again in the one day game, rejoining the side for the last six games of 2004.
With his innings limited in 2004 and 2005, to a combined total of only eight, garnering a total of 46 runs, and having been demoted to the Second XI, he left with a year remaining on his contract, being selected merely at the time on the strength of his off-breaks rather than on his batting prowess. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler.

</doc>
<doc id="6008316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008316" title=".222 Remington Magnum">
.222 Remington Magnum

The .222 Remington Magnum was a short-lived commercially produced cartridge derived from the .222 Remington. Originally developed for a US military prototype Armalite AR-15 rifle in 1958, the cartridge was not adopted by the military, but was introduced commercially in sporting rifles.
Development.
The .222 Remington Magnum was created by lengthening the case and shortening the neck of the highly accurate and very popular .222 Remington cartridge, which dominated varmint and benchrest shooting during the 1950s. Case capacity is about 20% greater than that of the .222 Remington, producing moderately higher muzzle velocities. The .222 Remington Magnum served as the basis for the German developed 5.6 x 50 Magnum sporting cartridge.
Obsolescence.
It was not until 1963 that the Army adopted a .22 caliber (5.56 mm) assault rifle and cartridge, the M16 rifle and the 5.56 x 45 mm NATO cartridge. The .223 Remington, the commercial variant of the new 5.56 x 45 mm, was introduced a month before the official adoption of the military cartridge. The .223 Remington had a case capacity that is about 5% smaller than that of the .222 Rem. Mag., but it was loaded to a slightly higher pressure, so the ballistic differences are almost nonexistent. As any widely used military cartridge is guaranteed to be a success on the commercial market, the .223 Rem. sold exceptionally well and the .222 Rem. Mag. faded rather quickly. Remington continued to offer the .222 Rem. Mag. in a couple of target and varmint rifle models for many years, but currently (2007) there are no commercial manufacturers either of rifles or ammunition in .222 Rem. Mag. other than Cooper Firearms of Montana.
The .222 Rem. Mag. has not entirely gone, however. It lives on in the hands of handloaders and the original cartridge became the parent round for a new development introduced in 2004, the .204 Ruger. The .204 Ruger is based on the .222 Rem. Mag. case necked down to hold a .20 caliber (5 mm) bullet.

</doc>
<doc id="6008332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008332" title="Early Years, Vol. 1">
Early Years, Vol. 1

Early Years, Vol. 1 is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on October 6, 1998 on the Curb Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6008339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008339" title="Shiney Ahuja">
Shiney Ahuja

Shiney Ahuja is an Indian actor who won the Filmfare Best Male Debut Award for "Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi" in 2003.
Early life.
Shiney Ahuja was born in Dehradun, Himachal Pradesh, to Col. Suraj Prakash Ahuja and Seema Ahuja on May 15, 1975.
Shiney’s early schooling was at St. Xavier's School, Ranchi; later, he studied at The Army Public School (APS), Dhaula Kuan, New Delhi. A quintessential sportsman, Shiney was adjudged the ‘Best Sports Boy’ in school and eventually was elected the Sports Captain (Pratap House) at APS. He excelled in football, volleyball and cricket. In particular, he was very fond of cricket and took coaching classes from Mr Gursharan Singh at the National Stadium, New Delhi. 
Shiney also took part in several School plays and always looked forward to playing different roles. It was during this time, that he discovered an equally strong passion in Theater as in Sports. It was this passion that would win him admission to the Hansraj College, Delhi University, through the dramatics quota. After a series of auditions, Shiney was among the three who got selected of over 300 aspirants. 
While in college, Shiney began to pursue acting seriously. He attended several acting workshops with National School of Drama, New Delhi. Later, he joined the theatre group 'Tag' where he met Barry John (theatre director) and shortly thereafter joined Barry John’s Acting School in Delhi. 
In 1999, Shiney bagged his first commercial ad for ‘Pepsi’ that instantly brought him into consideration by the top ad agencies – he was among the few who had the winning combination of looks and talent. Flooded with offers, Ahuja worked in over 40 ad films in that year, including Pepsi, Cadbury’s, Citibank etc. commercials. He also was selected as the male cast for the music video ‘Pyar Ho Gaya’, for the British-Asian band Stereo Nation. 
In year 2001, Shiney moved from Delhi to Mumbai to pursue a career in Bollywood.
Career.
In the same year, Sudhir Mishra was auditioning for a film by Pritish Nandy Communications, Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi’. Sudhir saw Shiney in the Pepsi commercial and called him to audition for Kay Kay’s character – Sidharth Tyabji. Upon Shiney’s request, Sudhir Mishra also auditioned him for the role of Vikram Malohotra. Shiney was cast from over 200 aspirants for the role of Vikram Malhotra and made his acting debut in the ‘Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi’ (HKA). The film went on to win critical acclaim, and in 2004, was shown across 12 film festivals in 6 months including Turkey, Estonia, River to River (Florence), Berlin, Edinburgh, Washington, Goa, Bite The Mango (Bradford), Commonwealth (Manchester), India (Los Angeles), Dallas, and Pacific Rim (California).
HKA released in 2005 with minimal publicity and national footprint. In 2006, Ahuja swept away debut awards winning the ‘Best Male Debut’ by Filmfare, Screen, IIFA, Zee Cine and Stardust Awards. Thereafter, he played the lead role in Mahesh Bhatt's Gangster, a popular commercial movie genre and Woh Lamhe opposite Kangana Ranaut. Other films followed including Life in a Metro, Bhool Bhulaiiya, Hijack etc. Two of his films, ‘Ek Accident’ with co-star Soha Ali khan and ‘Har Pal’ with Preity Zinta are yet to be released.
Personal life.
Shiney Ahuja married Anupam in 1997. They knew each other 3 years before that and have been together for close to two decades. They have a daughter named Arshiya, born in 2007 in Mumbai. 
Shiney has an elder sister Shweta Ahuja who is based out of Texas. 
Philanthropy.
Both Shiney and Anupam are attached to various NGOs and have been regular contributors’ since several years. They have sponsored for education, medical support and heath & nutrition for orphanages, poor families and old age homes. 
The Case.
Case Timeline
In June 14th 2009, Shiney Ahuja’s domestic help alleged Shiney of the crime of rape. The incident sparked tremendous media attention. On June 16, 2009, Shiney’s wife in a press conference, came out in open support for her husband and said that Shiney had been framed. This spurred the public declaration on June 19, 2009 of the then Chief Minister, even though medical reports were pending that “prima facie Shiney is guilty” which led to a one sided investigation against Shiney.
What ensued was a one-sided media trial that left no room for believing in Shiney’s side of the case. After 20 days the another tragedy struck. On July 4, 2009, a leading daily, in front page news, wrongfully reported that Shiney had “confessed to the crime”. When challenged by Shiney’s attorney, the publication issued an apology/clarification on July 6, 2009 – on Page 6 in a tiny coloumn- Obscure and unseen. Shiney thereafter became the poster boy for a heinous crime, even though the judiciary process had yet to be initiated.
Ultimately, after spending 110 days in Arthur Road Jail, Shiney got relief from the High Court on October 1, 2009 and was granted bail with one of the counts being – prima facie there was no evidence to prove beyond a shadow of doubt that the crime had actually been committed. 
In March 2011, the Sewree Fast Track Court “morally” convicted Shiney in complete disregard to the girl’s deposition that “nothing had happened” and that she had “made the allegations at the behest of her Mausi” – the person who got her the job in the Ahuja household. The judgment also disregarded the admission of the Chemical Analyzer,that he not follow the ‘chain of custody’ procedures that would prove that the samples were not tampered with or contaminated. Of note, the Chemical Analyser during cross-examination, accepted that the vaginal swab report that recorded ‘no DNA found’ had gone missing.
The Judgment accepted the Chemical Analyzer’s defense and instead of passing the benefit of doubt to Shiney for a false positive DNA report,– convicted him.
Furthermore, the defense’s argument citing the CCTV evidence and the admission by the girl that she was on the phone in the duration that the crime was alleged – between 3:15pm and 3.45pm – was unheard. Instead, the Sewree Court accepted the admission by the Investigating Officer that even though he knew of the two critical pieces of evidence (phone call/CCTV) he, “did not think it was necessary to investigate” 
The Judgement sent shockwaves in legal world and the film industry. 
Ahuja appealed against and won a ‘suspended order of conviction’ in the High Court. He was granted bail in April 27, 2011 and was released from prison on May 4th, after spending 45 days in prison. 
In 2013, not wanting to wait for the expected norm of 7-10 years for his case to be tried, Shiney put in an application for early hearing.
His case is yet to be heard. 

</doc>
<doc id="6008341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008341" title="Ron Guenther">
Ron Guenther

Ronald E. Guenther (born October 3, 1945) is the former American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at North Central College in Naperville, Illinois from 1975 to 1978, compiling a record of 22–12–2. Guenther was the athletic director at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign from 1992 until he retired on July 1, 2011.
Education and playing career.
Guenther is a graduate of the University of Illinois, having earned a Bachelor of Science in physical education in 1967 and an M.S. in administration in 1968. Guenther also played football at Illinois, lettering in 1965 and 1966 as an offensive lineman as well as being named second-team All-Big Ten and the team MVP in 1966. While at Illinois, Guenther was a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
Administrative career.
University of Illinois Chancellor Richard Herman was quoted in July, 2006 as saying: "If he's not the best AD in the country, I want to know who is." and "He does a wonderful job of bringing in great coaches and building a team that understands what athletics is and needs to be about." (Herman was later relieved of his duties after a scholarship scandal.)
Criticism.
Guenther came under fire for an outburst during the 2007 NCAA Tournament, calling an Illini player an "idiot".
Guenther has also been widely criticized by Illinois fans for the poor performance of the Illinois football team during his tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="6008358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008358" title="A Study in Emerald">
A Study in Emerald

"A Study in Emerald" is a short story written by British fantasy and graphic novel author Neil Gaiman. The story is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche transferred to the Cthulhu Mythos universe of horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. It won the 2004 Hugo Award for Best Short Story. The title is a reference to the Sherlock Holmes novel "A Study in Scarlet". "A Study in Emerald" first appeared in the anthology "Shadows Over Baker Street", a collection of stories combining the worlds of Arthur Conan Doyle and H. P. Lovecraft; it has subsequently been available as part of Gaiman's short story collection "Fragile Things," in the collection "New Cthulhu: The Recent Weird", and is available online. The online version takes the form of a Victorian periodical or newspaper, which includes various advertisements that reference characters such as Vlad Tepes, Victor Frankenstein, Spring Heeled Jack, and Dr. Jekyll.
In the introduction to "Fragile Things", Gaiman cites Philip José Farmer's Wold Newton Universe, Kim Newman's "Anno Dracula" series (which Gaiman helped create), and Alan Moore's "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" as being the major influences of "A Study in Emerald".
Plot summary.
The story begins with its (as yet) unnamed narrator, a veteran of a bloody war against the 'gods and men of Afghanistan', where he has been brutally tortured and his arm injured, setting the scene for things to come. Seeking lodgings upon his return to England (or 'Albion', as it is referred to throughout the story), he meets and strikes up a friendship with a man who possesses extraordinary insight and deductive skill, and who puts this ability to use in the service of the police as a 'consulting detective'. Early on in their acquaintance, Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard arrives at their lodgings in Baker Street with a matter of extreme and delicate urgency regarding a brutal murder in a Whitechapel slum, and the detective is to be hired to solve the case. After investigating the murder scene (where the detective correctly deduces that the victim is a German noble, owing to his inhuman appearance and number of limbs), and puzzling over the word "Rache" scrawled onto the wall in the victim's blood (in a similar manner to "A Study in Scarlet"), they are henceforth taken to the Palace, where the Queen – one of the creatures who defeated humanity 700 years ago and, along with the other Great Old Ones, has ruled over humanity ever since – consults with them about the affair. As payment for his service, the Queen heals the veteran's withered shoulder with a touch.
The investigation takes the detective and the veteran to a music-hall show, starring a noted actor called Sherry Vernet, a 'tall, languid' man who stars in the three productions, including a historical narrative depicting the war, 700 years ago, between humanity and the Great Old Ones, who now rule the Earth. Posing as a theatrical agent offering to take the show to the New World, the detective meets Vernet and quickly determines that he – along with another man, with a limp and skill with surgical equipment – was present in the room that the German noble died in, and is one of the murderers. Agreeing to meet the detective in his rooms, Vernet seemingly does not suspect a thing; and the detective promptly summons Lestrade, intending to have Vernet arrested. He reveals what he has deduced; that Vernet is a seditionary 'restorationist', an anarchist who believes that the Old Ones are not the benevolent rulers they are portrayed as, but vicious, soul-destroying monsters feeding on madness and death, and that humanity should be master of its own affairs. Having lured the German noble to the Whitechapel rooms, he then turned the noble over to his accomplice – a limping doctor – who actually murdered the prince.
Unfortunately for the detective and Lestrade, Vernet himself possesses considerable deductive skill; having deduced that the detective was not who he claimed to be, he has instead sent a letter to the detective, offering some helpful suggestions for future undercover work and complimenting him on several papers the detective has written, including a paper on The Dynamics of an Asteroid that Vernet (as 'Sigerson') briefly corresponded with the detective over. Aware of the detective's suspicions, Vernet – or 'Rache', as he signs himself off as – confirms them, justifying his actions by the many horrors he has personally seen committed by the Old Ones, and that it is too high a price to pay for the peace humanity lives in under the Old Ones. As Lestrade rushes off to order a search for Rache and his limping doctor accomplice, tentatively identified as a former military surgeon named John Watson, the detective admits that it is unlikely that Rache has even left the city, having probably elected (as the detective would) to hide in the almost lawless depths of the rookery of St Giles until the heat died down, and requests that the veteran burn Rache's letter, dismissing it as seditionary nonsense. But the veteran does not do so, instead containing a copy of the letter and an account of all that occurred within his bank deposit box, not to be opened until everyone involved in the case is dead – a prospect that, with current (unexplained) events occurring in Russia, seems not too far away...
Overview.
The reader, from the beginning of the story, is misled to believe that the detective and his veteran friend, the narrator, are Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson, by means of what information about them is provided and what concealed, and the fact that their roles in the story are parallel to those of Holmes and Watson in Conan Doyle's original Holmes stories. Indeed, the story strongly mirrors the opening chapters of the original Holmes novel, "A Study in Scarlet", from which it takes its name.
Whilst almost none of the characters are explicitly identified in the text, it is strongly hinted by the twist ending that 'Rache' is Holmes, and the detective and his veteran friend are Professor James Moriarty and Colonel Sebastian Moran (who, in Doyle's original stories, are the criminal mastermind enemy of Sherlock Holmes and his right-hand man and accomplice respectively). The 'Limping Doctor', meanwhile, is identified explicitly as "John (or perhaps James) Watson".
In particular:
Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes is extremely selective about which fields of science he studies, with deep – indeed peerless – insight into matters such as chemistry, botanical poisons, and the soil types encountered in various parts of London, but a studied ignorance about matters less relevant to crime-solving such as basic astronomy. The Holmes of this story, however, has chosen to pursue researches in advanced theoretical physics. The detective reveals to the narrator that his correspondence with Rache involved the latter's "wild theories" concerning “the relationship between mass, energy and the hypothetical speed of light,” which he calls “nonsense of course…but inspired and dangerous nonsense nonetheless.”
While not explicitly stated at the conclusion of the story, based on the date that accompanies the "signature", the recent events in Russia most likely refer to the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in 1881, i.e. an assassination of an Old One of extreme importance.
Spin-off media.
British game designer Martin Wallace announced a boardgame based on "A Study in Emerald", that was released in October 2013
Awards.
"A Study in Emerald" won the 2004 Hugo Award for Best Short Story, and the 2005 Locus Award for Best Novelette. It was nominated for the 2006 Seiun Award for Translated Short Form.

</doc>
<doc id="6008380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008380" title="Gregory Scott Aldering">
Gregory Scott Aldering

Gregory Scott Aldering (born 12/16/1960), also known simply as Greg Aldering is an American astronomer, currently with the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory. As a high school student in Midland, Michigan, he was an avid amateur astronomer and showed a particular aptitude for scientific studies in his studies of variable stars. Currently, his interests center on cosmology, including measurement of the cosmological parameters, the exploration of the nature of the "dark energy" and the large-scale distribution of matter in the universe. His current cosmological studies focus on the use of Type Ia supernovae as tools for determining the cosmological parameters, through his participation in the Supernova Cosmology Project. He is now the primary investigator of the Nearby Supernova Factory experiment, and is also a co-investigator on the Supernova / Acceleration Probe.
While an undergraduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1979–1983), he discovered a few asteroids. He has so far classified some 266 supernovae, and is one of the co-discoverers of SN 2002bk.

</doc>
<doc id="6008392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008392" title="Paṭṭiṉappālai">
Paṭṭiṉappālai

Paṭṭiṉappālai,(Tamil: பட்டினப் பாலை) is a Tamil poetic work in the "Pathinenmaelkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the Sangam period corresponding to between 100 BCE – 100 CE. "Pattinappaalai" is part of the Pattupattu collection, which is the oldest available collection of long poems in Tamil literature. "Pattinappaalai" contains 301 lines of poetry in the "akaval" meter. "Pattinappaalai" was written by the poet Uruttirangannanar in praise of the Chola king Karikala. "Pattinappaalai" poems belong to the "Akam", or subjective themes of love and human relationships and utilises the location of the story to sing praises of the ruler.
Puhar.
"Pattinappaalai" contains vivid descriptions of the ancient Chola capital of Kaveripattinam (Puhar), which was located at the mouth of the river Kaveri. Food from Eelam is imported to the Chola country at the port. The flourishing sea-trade and the antics of Yavanas, the merchants from ancient Greece and Rome, their living quarters, etc. are colourfully described by the poet. The realistic nature of these descriptions makes us wonder whether these to be eyewitness accounts rather than an imaginary account of a poet. It gives details about the goods that were imported and exported from the Puhar port, the professions which flourished in the port. Pattinappalai also gives an idealised description of the merchants plying their trade in Puhar ("Pattinappaalai" – II –199-212):
"Pattinappaalai" story.
The story in "Pattinappaalai" is about the hero who has to travel away from Puhar in order to earn his livelihood. But he is hesitant, as he knows that his lover will be forlorn in his absence. "Pattinappaalai" is the soliloquy of the hero in which he addresses himself: "O heart! I will not leave the prosperous Puhar to go abroad looking for wealth. The way in which one needs to travel is a "paalai" land (wasteland). It is as treacherous as Karikala's sword. My lover is tender hearted as Karikala's reign. I will never leave my dear lover". 
This, the entire story of "Pattinappaalai" forms a mere six lines of poetry. The rest of the poem is devoted to the description of Puhar and of Karikala's might and valour.

</doc>
<doc id="6008394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008394" title="Uruava language">
Uruava language

Uruava is an extinct Austronesian language formerly spoken in southeast Bougainville, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="6008403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008403" title="KVCU">
KVCU

KVCU AM-1190, popularly known as Radio 1190 is a college radio station affiliated with the University of Colorado Boulder. Staff of the station are compensated with funds provided by the University of Colorado Student Union while operating funds are raised during biannual on-air pledge drives. The station was formerly identified as KUCB. In 1996 Jacor Communications donated KVCU (previously KBCO-AM)'s equipment and transmitter to the University of Colorado Foundation. After two years of negotiating and planning Radio 1190 am at the University of Colorado Boulder went live on November 4th, 1998. On October 2011, Mikey Goldenberg of Alice 105.9 became the new General Manager of the station. He replaced Mike Flanagan, who left the station after 6 years as GM to become the General Manager of newly founded Open Air CPR. When asked about his relationship with Radio 1190, Flanagan stated "we're going to have a good relationship with 1190 -- and I'm going to be more sensitive to not step on their toes, because I have a real affection for them and want them to be successful." 
Basementalism.
The student-run Radio 1190's weekly underground hip-hop show, "Basementalism" is a ground-breaking hip-hop show that focuses on playing underground and unknown artists. It's a nonprofit, non-commercial program airing on 1190 AM originally on Tuesday nights 9-11pm then moved to Thursday nights then eventually to Saturday from 4 to 7 p.m. across the Boulder-Denver area and, around the world over the internet exposing new talent and music in the national underground hip-hop scene. It's credited as the driving force behind Colorado's hip-hop scene, including the success of the state's most promising group, the Procussions. Every show features interviews with national and local guests. One DJ plays live each hour, the web site gets more than 100,000 hits a month
The show is hosted by Judgemental, and features resident DJ's such as DJ Vajra, DJ Cysko Rokwel, DJ Dylon, DJ Discord, DJ BMoney, DJ Thought, DJ Lazy Eyez, DJ Low Key, DJ Mung, and DJ watchtower.

</doc>
<doc id="6008413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008413" title="Marcus Wedau">
Marcus Wedau

Marcus Wedau (born December 31, 1975 in Germany) is a retired footballer.
International career.
He represented in 12 games the Germany national under-21 football team and scores three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="6008423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008423" title="Odontodactylus scyllarus">
Odontodactylus scyllarus

Odontodactylus scyllarus, known as the peacock mantis shrimp, harlequin mantis shrimp, painted mantis shrimp, or clown mantis shrimp, is a large mantis shrimp native to the Indo-Pacific from Guam to East Africa.
In the saltwater aquarium trade, it is both prized for its attractiveness and considered by others to be a dangerous pest.
Description.
"O. scyllarus" is one of the larger, more colourful mantis shrimps commonly seen, ranging in size from . They are primarily green in colour, with orange legs and leopard-like spots on the anterior carapace.
Their ability to see circularly polarised light has led to studies to determine if the mechanisms by which their eyes operate can be replicated for use in reading CDs and similar optical information storage devices.
Ecology.
"Odontodactylus scyllarus" is a burrower, constructing U-shaped holes in the loose substrate near the bases of coral reefs in water ranging from deep.
"O. scyllarus" is a "smasher", with club-shaped raptorial appendages. An active hunter, it prefers gastropods, crustaceans, and bivalves, and will repeatedly smash its prey until it can gain access to the soft tissue for consumption. It is reported to have a "punch" of over . This is the fastest recorded punch of any living animal. The acceleration is similar to that in a .22 caliber handgun, with per strike. In addition, the surface of its appendages is made up of extremely dense hydroxyapatite, layered in a manner which is highly resistant to fracturing. Glass aquaria can be broken by them. The composition is being investigated for potential synthesis and engineering use.
Aquaria.
Some saltwater aquarists keep peacock mantis shrimp in captivity. The peacock mantis is especially colorful and desired in the trade.
While some aquarists value peacock shrimp, others consider them harmful pests, because they:
The live rock with mantis shrimp burrows are actually considered useful by some in the marine aquarium trade and are often collected. It is not uncommon for a piece of live rock to convey a live mantis shrimp into an aquarium. Once inside the tank, they may feed on fish, and other inhabitants. They are notoriously difficult to catch when established in a well-stocked tank, and there are accounts of them breaking glass tanks, it should be noted that whilst stomatopods do not eat coral the smashers can damage it if they wish to make a home within it.

</doc>
<doc id="6008445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008445" title="James Douglas (businessman)">
James Douglas (businessman)

James S. Douglas (4 November 1837 - 30 June 1918) was a Canadian born mining engineer and businessman who introduced a number of metallurgical innovations in copper mining and amassed a fortune through the copper mining industry of Arizona and Sonora.
Life.
James S. Douglas was born in Quebec, Canada on 4 November 1837. His father James Douglas, Sr., a native of Scotland, was an eminent surgeon and manager of the Quebec Asylum for the Mentally Ill. His mother, Elizabeth Ferguson, was also a native of Scotland. James Douglas graduated from Queen’s College, Kingston, Canada in 1858 and continued his studies at the University of Edinburgh. He studied both medicine and theology with the intent of becoming a minister but was never ordained. For several years he served as professor of chemistry at Morrin College, Quebec, and in 1864 became managing director of the Harvey Hill Copper Company in Quebec. In 1875 he moved to the United States to take charge of the copper works at Phoenixville, Pennsylvania.
James S. Douglas married Naomi Douglas (no relationship) from Scotland in 1860. Naomi Douglas’ father (Walter Douglas) was a captain of the Cunard Steamship Line. Dr. Douglas and Naomi had 6 children, four of which survived. The four children include Elizabeth Douglas, Walter Douglas, James Douglas, Jr. and Edith Douglas. James Douglas died on 30 June 1918.
Douglas' father's influence.
Douglas's Scottish-born father, Dr. James Douglas, was a member of the Royal College of Surgeons. He had earned the reputation of being the fastest surgeon in town, capable of performing an amputation in less than one minute. Dr. Douglas transmitted his thirst for adventure to his son, taking him on numerous expeditions to Egypt and the Middle East in the mid-19th century. He brought back several mummies from these journeys, selling them to museums in North America. One of these, sold in Niagara Falls, was recently discovered to be the corpse of Ramses I.
Initial Career - Ministry.
James S. Douglas initially chose a different career from his father, studying to become a minister in the Presbyterian Church. He studied at Queen’s College, Kingston from 1856-1858, and later at the University of Edinburgh. By the end of his studies, however, Douglas had second thoughts: “When therefore I was licensed to teach, my faith in Christ was stronger but my faith in denominational Christianity was so weak that I could not sign the Confession of Faith and therefore was never ordained.” He was granted a license to preach, but never became an ordained minister. This secularism remained with Douglas all his life. He was primarily responsible for making Queen’s into a non-denominational University when he served as Chancellor in 1912.
Second Career - Medicine.
In the 1860s, Douglas helped his father at the Beauport Asylum while studying towards a career in medicine. He worked as a librarian at the Literary and Historical Society of Quebec, and later became the youngest president in the history of the Society. There, he presented numerous lectures to the Society’s members, the first on Egyptian hieroglyphics and mummies, and later ones on mining and geological issues.
Third Career - Mining.
This interest in mining and geology eventually supplanted his interest in medicine and Douglas embarked on a third career. In 1869, Douglas’ scientific experiments with the assistance of Dr. Thomas Sterry Hunt at Université Laval led him to a discovery that was to change his life. Together, they elaborated a patent for the “Hunt and Douglas” process of extracting copper from its ore. Although Douglas had no formal education in chemistry, he was considered competent enough to fill the Chair of Chemistry at his hometown's Morrin College affiliated with McGill University, from 1871 to 1874. His evening lectures were among the most popular in the history of the College.
Mining-related Inventions.
With Thomas Sterry Hunt, Douglas was involved with many experiments in the hydrometallurgy of coppers and devised what is known as the "Hunt-Douglas" process for extracting copper from its ores. Douglas was also the inventor of several other improvements in the mining industry consisting of the invention for calcining ores (1884), a furnace for calcining ores (1898), a process for extracting copper from cupriferous nickel ore (1892), a process for separating and recovering copper (1896), and an improved smelting furnace in 1897.
Phelps Dodge and the Copper Queen Mine.
Douglas’s patents attracted attention in the United States, and in 1875 he quit his teaching post to work as superintendent for the Chemical Copper Company, Phoenixville, near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, then a major center of the chemical industry. He also performed mining consultant work, which took him to the far West. In 1880, Douglas was recruited by the trading company Phelps Dodge, which sent him to Arizona Territory to investigate mining opportunities. This eventually led to the creation of the Copper Queen Mine, Bisbee, Arizona, which became one of the top copper-producing mines in the world. Offered the choice of a flat fee or a ten percent interest in the property for his services, he chose the latter, a decision that subsequently made him a fortune. His deep interest in transportation and mining were united in an essay he wrote in 1885 on "Historical and Geographical Features of the Rocky Mountain Railroads which detailed the geological features of the land near the Union Pacific, Central Pacific, Denver and Rio Grand, Southern Pacific, Atlantic and Pacific, Northern Pacific, and the Canadian Pacific railroads.
Douglas, James. (1885). Historical and Geographical Features of the Rocky Mountain Railroads. Journal of the American Geographical Society of New York, 299-342.
Douglas, Arizona and the Phelps Dodge Corporation.
In the late 1880s, early 1890s, with the success of the Copper Queen, and backing of Phelps Dodge partners he acquired for them additional property, and built up other spectacular copper mines, including the Detroit Copper Company at Morenci, Arizona, the Moctezuma Copper Company at Nacozari, Sonora, and the United Globe-Old Dominion mines at Globe, Arizona. In 1905, the partnership purchased the vast coal lands of Dawson, New Mexico and organized the Stag Canyon Fuel Co. He was made president of each of the operating companies by the Phelps Dodge partners. Importantly, he recruited talented young engineers, including his sons James and Walter, Dr. L. D. Ricketts, and Charles E. Mills, to manage the expanding business. James Douglas also founded the copper smelting Mexican border town of Douglas, Arizona. To connect these operations he led in the construction of mine railroad branches and the construction of the El Paso & Southwestern Railroad, a 750 mile railroad link between the Rock Island and Southern Pacific Lines, from Tucumcari, New Mexico to Tucson, Arizona via Douglas (part of the Golden State Route, Chicago to Los Angeles). With the passing of the senior members of the Phelps Dodge partnership, the firm was dissolved and replaced in 1908 with the Phelps Dodge Corporation, a holding company of all the subsidiary properties. Douglas became first president, later CEO, of Phelps Dodge, and helped transform it into the Fortune 500 company. Around 1912, he began reducing his business commitments and delved into philanthropy more until his death in 1918 at his home in Spuyten Durvil, New York.
James Douglas was always known as Dr. Douglas or Prof. Douglas. His son, James S. Douglas, Jr., or "Rawhide Jimmy" (1867-1949), managed the Phelps Dodge works at Nacazori before heading off on his own and built a major fortune with the United Verde Extension mine in Jerome, Arizona. His Jerome mansion is open to the public as the Jerome State Historic Park. Walter Douglas followed in his father's foot-steps as manager of the Copper Queen, then president and finally CEO of Phelps Dodge. James S. Douglas, Jr.'s son (Dr. Douglas's grandson) Lewis Douglas was elected U. S. Congressman representing Arizona, served within President Roosevelt's administration, and later was appointed Ambassador to Great Britain.
Publications and Philanthropy.
Throughout this time, Dr. Douglas maintained an interest in Canadian history and heritage. He wrote several books on the subject in his lifetime, namely "Canadian Independence, Old France in the New World," and "New England and New France—Contrasts and Parallels in Colonial History". In addition to bailing Queen’s University out of a financial crisis with approximately a million dollars from his own pocket, Douglas also established the first chair in Canadian and Colonial History there in 1910. He also financed many libraries, such as the library of the Literary and Historical Society of Quebec, where interest from his donations is still used to purchase books. He had built and supported libraries in each of the Phelps Dodge major mining camps and smelter towns.
Medical Philanthropy.
James Douglas was dedicated to investigating the effects of radiation on cancer following the treatment of his daughter in
England. He and Dr. Howard Kelly, a Baltimore, Maryland gynecologist and philanthropist, joined forces to supply radium in the US. In partnership with the U.S. Bureau of Mines, they formed the National Radium Institute.
Douglas also donated to several medical causes.
In 1912 Douglas gave $100,000 to General Memorial Hospital (which would become known as Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center) for the endowment of ten beds for clinical research work, and the equipment for an X-ray plant and clinical laboratory.
In 1915 Dr. Douglas, working with Dr. James Ewing, helped to establish a radium department and lay the foundation in the United States for radiation therapy.
Also of note is the Douglas Hospital in Montreal, Quebec. This institution pursued the cause which had been taken up by his father, a pioneer in the treatment of mental health in Quebec. Douglas’ donations helped keep the hospital alive in the institution’s early years. Originally called the “Protestant Hospital for the Insane”, the institution took on the name of Douglas Hospital in 1965 as a tribute to James Douglas, Jr. and his father. 
In 1913 Douglas donated nearly a million dollars of radium to Johns Hopkins University helped medical research.
Professional Accolades.
He was member of a number of technical or scientific societies and served as president of the American Institute of Mining Engineers, 1899-1900. Since 1922, the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers annually awards the James Douglas Gold Medal in his memory. His writings on the copper industry are voluminous, He was an advocate of the free exchange of scientific information.
The Douglas Library at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, is named in his honor, as is Douglas Hall at McGill University. Dr. Douglas also endowed a lectureship at the University of Arizona, Tucson, and in 1940 Phelps Dodge Corporation funded the construction of the James Douglas Memorial Building for Mines and Metallurgy at the University of Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="6008447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008447" title="Castle in the sky">
Castle in the sky

Castle in the sky or Castles in the sky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6008448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008448" title="NEPSY">
NEPSY

NEPSY (which stands for "A Developmental NEuroPSYchological Assessment") is a series of neuropsychological tests authored by Marit Korkman, Ursula Kirk and Sally Kemp, that are used in various combinations to assess neuropsychological development in children ages 3–16 years in six functional domains. NEPSY was designed to assess both basic and complex aspects of cognition critical to children’s ability to learn and be productive, in and outside of, school settings. It is designed to test cognitive functions not typically covered by general ability or achievement batteries. The original NEPSY (Korkman, Kirk & Kemp, 1998) was published in 1998 by Pearson Assessment and has recently been superseded by the NEPSY-II (Korkman, Kirk & Kemp, 2007a, 2007b) in 2007.
History.
Pediatric neuropsychological assessments evolved from knowledge and experience from the assessment of adults with brain damage. Consequently early tests were not specifically designed with children in mind and were often normed on small samples of children. The development of the NEPSY was revolutionary as it was specifically designed for the purpose of testing children. The NEPSY is grounded in developmental and neuropsychological theory and practice. The diagnostic approach originated in the Lurian approach to assessment (Luria, 1973, 1980). 
The original NEPSY contained subtests that assessed basic subcomponents of cognitive abilities while others assessed complex aspects of cognitive capacities. The NEPSY-II has a number of updates and additions. The age range has been extended from 12 to 16 years. The subtests with less clinical sensitivity have been removed e.g. the Tower of London Test, Knock and Tap and Visual Attention. Additional measures have been included such as: Geometric Puzzles, Picture Puzzles, Memory for Designs and Word List Interference. An additional functional domain, 'Social Perception' has also been added. 
The largest change is the elimination of a core battery; instead, the authors suggest eight different referral batteries depending on the child's presentation. The subtests are no longer aggregated into overall domain scores like the previous version or the WISC, but rather each subtest produces a score including process scores, contrast scores and additional cumulative percentages for behavioural observations.
Test format.
The six functional domains below are made up of 32 subtests and four delayed tasks. These domains are theoretically, not statistically, derived. The subtests were designed to assess cognitive abilities related to disorders that are typically diagnosed in childhood and that are required for success in an academic environment.
These tests supposedly help detect any underlying deficiencies that may impede a child's learning. Each NEPSY-II test is freestanding, though the results of all of the tests of the original NEPSY could be normed together to provide an overall standardized score for each of the domains. The overall score for each domain was dropped in NEPSY-II, because the diagnostic information is strongest at the subtest level and discrepancies can be washed out in computing a global score. This was especially true if the examiner reported only global scores. 
A comprehensive neuropsychological evaluation can be completed using the full assessment but there is no required set of subtests that must be administered to every child. NEPSY can provide a brief evaluation across all six domains and in-depth assessment based on referral problems/questions or diagnostic concerns. NEPSY allows for selective assessment enabling the selection of certain subtests based on clinical need which helps reduce testing time.
Psychometric properties.
Up-to-date psychometric norms are based on the standardization of over 1,000 children tested throughout the United States, which enables the comparison of a child's performance to others in the appropriate age group. Several special group studies are included in the NEPSY-II. These groups consisted of 260 children with a variety of conditions including: ADHD, reading disorders, language disorder, autistic disorder, Asperger’s disorder, traumatic brain disorder, mathematics disorder, emotionally disturbed, mild intellectual disability. The children in these groups met the DSM-IV diagnostic criteria for that particular disorder. 
Validity Studies were carried out with NEPSY, WISC-IV, DAS—IIII, WNV, WIAT—IIII, CMS, DKEFS, BBCS:3R, DSMD, ABAS—II, Brown ADD Scales and CCC-2.
Translations.
NEPSY has been translated or adapted into a number of languages including: Dutch/Flemish, Finnish, French (Europe), Norwegian, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian and Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="6008449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008449" title="Egmont Group of Financial Intelligence Units">
Egmont Group of Financial Intelligence Units

The Egmont Group of Financial Intelligence Units is an informal international network of financial intelligence units (FIUs).
History.
The Group was formed in 1995, and took its name from the palace in Brussels where the meeting took place. In early 2008, with the support of the Jim Flaherty, Finance Minister of Canada, and FINTRAC, the Canadian FIU, the Egmont Group established its Secretariat in Toronto, Canada.
As of 2013, there are 132 members in the Egmont Group.
FIUs are national centers to collect information on suspicious or unusual financial activity from the financial industry and other entities or professions required to report transactions suspicious of being money laundering or terrorism financing. FIUs are normally not law enforcement agencies; their mission is to process analyze the information received. If sufficient evidence of unlawful activity is found, the matter is passed to the public prosecution.
The Egmont Group defined an FIU as a central, national agency responsible for receiving (and, as permitted, requesting), analyzing and disseminating to the competent authorities, disclosures of financial information:
(i) concerning suspected proceeds of crime and potential financing of terrorism, or
(ii) required by national legislation or regulation, in order to counter money laundering and terrorism financing.
Purpose.
The goal of the Egmont Group is to provide a forum for FIUs around the world to improve cooperation in the fight against money laundering and financing of terrorism and to foster the implementation of domestic programs in this field. The Egmont Group provides support to member FIUs by:

</doc>
<doc id="6008466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008466" title="Oleksandr Tkachenko (politician)">
Oleksandr Tkachenko (politician)

Oleksandr Mykolaiovych Tkachenko () is a Ukrainian politician, a senior member of the Ukrainian Parliament, currently elected by Communist Party list. Between July 7, 1998, and January 21, 2000, Tkachenko was the Chairman of the Parliament.
Tkachenko was born on March 7, 1939, in Shpola, Cherkasy Oblast. In 1963 he graduated from Bila Tserkva Agriculture Institute. Between 1963 and 1981 he worked in Tarascha Raion, Kiev Oblast, first as an agronomist and later as a local Communist party leader. In 1981 he became an inspector of the Central Committee of the KPU. In 1982 he was appointed Governor of Ternopil Oblast, and in 1985 he was appointed Minister of Agriculture of the Ukrainian SSR.
In 1991 and 1999 he was a candidate in the election for President of Ukraine. On both occasions he withdrew his candidacy, the first time in favor of Leonid Kravchuk, and the second time in favor of Petro Symonenko.
Tkachenko was a member of the Eleventh Convocation of the Parliament of the Ukrainian SSR, and since 1994 has been elected to the Parliament of Ukraine for four consecutive terms. Between May 1994 and April 1998 he was the First Deputy Chairman of the Parliament, and was Chairman of the Parliament from July 7, 1998, to January 21, 2000, when was dismissed for violating parliamentary session regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="6008468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008468" title="Afra language">
Afra language

Usku, or Afra, is a nearly extinct and poorly documented Papuan language spoken by about 20 people, mostly adults, in Usku village, Papua, Indonesia. Wurm (1975) placed it as an independent branch of Trans–New Guinea, but Ross (2005) could not find enough evidence to classify it.

</doc>
<doc id="6008473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008473" title="Chuck Hulse">
Chuck Hulse

Chuck Hulse (born October 3, 1927, Anaheim, California) is a retired American racecar driver.
Hulse raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1959-1964 and 1966-1968 seasons, with 60 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 races in 1962, 1963, 1966 and 1967. He finished in the top ten 26 times, with his best finish in 2nd position in 1963 at Phoenix and 1966 at Sacramento. Hulse stopped driving for 2 years in 1964-1966 due to vision problems caused in a sprint car accident in New Bremen, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="6008483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008483" title="Convolution reverb">
Convolution reverb

In audio signal processing, convolution reverb is a process used for digitally simulating the reverberation of a physical or virtual space. It is based on the mathematical convolution operation, and uses a pre-recorded audio sample of the impulse response of the space being modeled. To apply the reverberation effect, the impulse-response recording is first stored in a digital signal-processing system. This is then convolved with the incoming audio signal to be processed. The process of convolution multiplies each sample of the audio to be processed (reverberated) with the samples in the impulse response file.
Creation of impulse responses.
Directly recording impulses.
An impulse response is a recording of the reverberation that is caused by an acoustic space when an ideal impulse is played. However, an ideal impulse is a mathematical construct, and cannot exist in reality, as it would have to be infinitesimally narrow in time. Therefore, approximations have to be used: the sound of an electric spark, starter pistol shot or the bursting of a balloon, for instance. A recording of this approximated ideal impulse may be used directly as an impulse response. Techniques involving starter pistols and balloons are sometimes referred to as transient methods, and the response is contained at the beginning of the recording in an impulse. 
Sine sweep method.
Another technique, referred to as the sine sweep method, covers the entire audible frequency range, which can result in a broader-range, and higher-quality, impulse response. This involves the use of a longer sound to excite a space (typically a sine sweep), which is then put through a process of deconvolution to produce an impulse response. This approach has the advantage that such sounds are less susceptible to distortion; however, it requires more sophisticated processing to produce a usable impulse response. 
Maximum Length Sequences.
A third approach involves using maximum-length sequences. This uses a constant-power signal instead of an impulse, so does not require as much dynamic range when recording.
Construction based on transfer function.
The transfer function (or frequency response) of a system can be measured using any noise that covers the frequency spectrum. For example, to sample the acoustic properties of a larger space such as a small church or cathedral, the space can simply be excited using white noise, with the result recorded both near the source, and somewhere else in the space.
The coefficients of a finite impulse response can then be generated as the inverse Fourier Transform of the cross-correlation of the output of the system with the auto-correlation of the input to the system. This is difficult in practice because such sequences are highly susceptible to distortion.
Applications.
Real space simulation.
The primary goal of a convolution reverb is to sample real spaces, in order to simulate the acoustics of the sampled space. A straightforward and simple mono example of capturing an impulse response would be to set up a microphone in a concert hall and to place the microphone in the centre of the auditorium. Next, produce a very brief pulse (often an electric spark) of sound, and record everything that the microphone picks up, which includes both the original sound and the response of the room to it. The recorded take would then be cleanly edited and loaded into the convolution processor. This convolution can be applied as part of a signal processing chain.
Machine simulation.
It is also possible to sample the impulse response of a reverberation unit, instead of sampling a real space. Thus, it is possible to use a convolution reverb in place of a hardware machine. The techniques used to sample a reverberation unit are the same as the ones used to sample real spaces.
Electronic music.
In electronic music convolution is the imposition of a spectral or rhythmic structure on a sound. Often this envelope or structure is taken from another sound. The convolution of two signals is the filtering of one through the other. See applications of convolution

</doc>
<doc id="6008492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008492" title="Heikki A. Alikoski">
Heikki A. Alikoski

Heikki A. Alikoski (1912 – 28 December 1997) was a Finnish astronomer.
The asteroid 1567 Alikoski was named in his honour while he was an observatory assistant at Turku Observatory, under Yrjö Väisälä, 1937 to 1956. He later helped establish the Turku Astronomical–Optical Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="6008499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008499" title="Skeleton clock">
Skeleton clock

It is considered to be a showcase design and intentionally exposes to plain view the various gears, wheels and springs within the movement itself. There is no official definition of a skeleton clock "per se", but a major portion of the main parts of the timepiece should be openly visible from the front of the clock and most often from the back as well in order for it to be considered and accepted as a skeleton clock. The parts most commonly showcased by a skeleton design are those exhibiting either the most movement or the most attractive design. These may include, but are not limited to the escapement, balance wheel and balance spring, mainspring, and tourbillon. Generally there is either no dial present in a skeleton clock, the dial is clear, or it has been limited to a ring around the edge of the case to provide a mounting surface for the hour markers. In the case of skeleton wristwatches, the back will usually be made of sapphire crystal or another clear material that affords easy examination of the parts protected within both from the front and from behind.
In addition, several authors have published construction manuals on skeleton clocks in clockmaking and model engineering journals in the UK and USA, several of which (UK) have ceased operations. However, the best known of these authors had the manuals reprinted in comb bound format and these are still available (2012). John Wilding in the UK wrote manuals on Large Wheel, Elegant Scroll Frame, Chrystal Wheel and Scissors. Bill Smith in the US wrote on Lyre, Grasshopper and Epicyclic skeleton clocks.
The Nomenclature for Skeleton clocks is somewhat different from for cased clocks, for example, part of the brass framework of a tall clock is called a plate, for skeletons, a frame. 
Frames of British skeleton clocks are listed by Roberts: Rafter (Including inverted “Y” frame), Gothic, Scroll (including lyre), Floral (ivy leaf and arabesque) and Architectural. 
The photos are of some relatively simple commercial skeleton clocks with architectural frames, specifically of cathedrals in Great Britain: Litchfield and York Minster. The last is based on the Royal Pavilion in Brighton, England. Maker is unknown, all have passing strike.
France: Rafter (especially inverted “Y” a typical French design), Glass and Keyhole (Roberts’ term) as well as ornate designs. 
The Escapement of a skeleton clock is typically different from one used in a tall case, mantle and wall clock. In Great Britain, anchor (recoil), dead beat, balance wheel and tic tac. In France, pinwheel, coup perdu, (both dead beat), crossbeat or variant of Dutretre’s escapement.
The motive power is typically with a spring and, in Britain Fusee, or, in France, a Going Barrel although weight-driven clocks were made in these small sizes with durations up to a month usually with two weights wound around the same barrel. British clocks sometimes used a Remontoire to power the strike. Tall case clocks most often had a time and strike train, later a chime train was added. A skeleton clock would utilize a passing strike that struck just once on the hour.

</doc>
<doc id="6008500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008500" title="CPU time">
CPU time

CPU time (or process time) is the amount of time for which a central processing unit (CPU) was used for processing instructions of a computer program or operating system, as opposed to, for example, waiting for input/output (I/O) operations or entering low-power (idle) mode. The CPU time is measured in clock ticks or seconds. Often, it is useful to measure CPU time as a percentage of the CPU's capacity, which is called the CPU usage.
CPU time and CPU usage have two main uses. The first use is to quantify the overall busyness of the system. When the CPU usage is above 70%, the user may experience lag. Such high CPU usage indicates insufficient processing power. Either the CPU needs to be upgraded, or the user experience reduced, for example, by switching to lower resolution graphics or reducing animations.
The second use, with the advent of multi-tasking, is to quantify how the processor is shared between computer programs. A high CPU usage of a single program may indicate that it is highly demanding on processing power or that it may malfunction, for example, it has entered an infinite loop. CPU time allows to measure how much processing power a single program requires, eliminating interference, such as time executed waiting for input or being suspended to allow other programs to run. In contrast, elapsed real time (or simply real time, or wall clock time) is the time taken from the start of a computer program until the end as measured by an ordinary clock. Elapsed real time includes I/O time and all other types of waits incurred by the program.
Subdivision.
CPU time or CPU usage can be reported either for each thread, for each process or for the entire system. Moreover, depending on what exactly the CPU was doing, the reported values can be subdivided in:
Unix commands for CPU time.
Unix command "top".
The Unix command top provides CPU time, priority, elapsed real time, and other information for all processes and updates it in real time.
Unix command "time".
The Unix command time prints CPU time and elapsed real time for a Unix process.
This process took a total of 0.337 seconds of CPU time, out of which 0.327 seconds was spent in user space, and the final 0.010 seconds in kernel mode on behalf of the process. Elapsed real time was 1.15 seconds.
The following is the source code of the application nextPrimeNumber which was used in the above example.
POSIX functions codice_1 and codice_2.
POSIX functions codice_1 and codice_2 can be used to get CPU time consumed by any process in a POSIX environment. If the process is multithreaded, the CPU time is the sum for all threads.
Total CPU time.
On multi-processor machines, a computer program can use two or more CPUs for processing using parallel processing scheduling. In such situations, the notion of "total CPU time" is used, which is the sum of CPU time consumed by all of the CPUs utilized by the computer program.
CPU time and elapsed real time.
Elapsed real time is always same or more than CPU time for computer programs which use only one CPU for processing. If no wait is involved for I/O or other resources, elapsed real time and CPU time are very similar.
CPU time and elapsed real time for parallel processing technology.
If a program uses parallel processing, total CPU time for that program would be more than its elapsed real time. (Total CPU time)/(Number of CPUs) would be same as elapsed real time if work load is evenly distributed on each CPU and no wait is involved for I/O or other resources.
Example: A software application executed on a Hexa-core processor creates three Unix processes for fulfilling the user requirement. Each of these three processes creates two threads, enumerating a total of 6 working threads. Computation is distributed evenly on the 6 independent threads. If no wait for resources is involved, total CPU time is expected to be six times the elapsed real time.

</doc>
<doc id="6008510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008510" title="Louisiana Highway 3">
Louisiana Highway 3

Louisiana Highway 3 (LA 3) is a state highway located in Bossier Parish, Louisiana that runs in a north–south direction from a junction with Interstate 20 (I-20), U.S. Highway 71 (US 71), and LA 72 in Bossier City to the Arkansas state line north of Plain Dealing.
LA 3 connects Bossier City, the largest city in Bossier Parish, with the town of Benton, the parish seat. Apart from the interchange with I-20 and US 71 at its southern terminus, LA 3 also connects to I-220, the northern bypass of Shreveport and Bossier City. North of Benton, LA 3 passes through Plain Dealing where it intersects LA 2, Louisiana's northernmost cross-state route.
The majority of LA 3, extending from I-220 north to the Arkansas state line, is part of the Northwest Louisiana Scenic Byway, one of the state-designated Louisiana Scenic Byways.
Route description.
From the south, LA 3 begins at an intersection with LA 72 (Old Minden Road) in Bossier City. Opposite this intersection are ramps leading to a partial interchange with I-20 and US 71 at the point where the two highways begin a concurrency across the Red River westward into Shreveport. Traffic from southbound LA 3 can enter I-20 westbound only (concurrent with northbound US 71), and traffic from eastbound I-20 (concurrent with southbound US 71) can exit to LA 3 north at Exit 20B. All movements are supported between LA 3 and US 71.
From this intersection, LA 3 proceeds north along Benton Spur, a four-lane, undivided thoroughfare with center turning lane, and continues onto an overpass across the Kansas City Southern Railway (KCS) tracks. It then intersects the concurrent US 79 and US 80 at East Texas Street. US 79 and US 80 head west across the Red River into Shreveport and eastward parallel to I-20 into Minden. LA 3 continues northward and enters an interchange with I-220 (Exit 11), a northern bypass of Shreveport that connects to I-20 westbound toward Dallas, Texas and eastbound toward Monroe. Shortly after this interchange, LA 3 crosses out of the Bossier City limits, and the center turning lane is replaced by a median. Over the next , LA 3 continues northward, closely following the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) tracks through points such as Vanceville and Willow Chute, before entering Benton, the seat of Bossier Parish.
Upon entering town, LA 3 narrows to an undivided, four-lane highway. At 5th Street, LA 3 intersects LA 162, which heads east toward the Cypress-Black Bayou Recreation Area. LA 3 narrows again to a two-lane, undivided highway just before crossing out of Benton and remains in that capacity for the remainder of its route. Shortly thereafter, the highway crosses over to the west side of the Union Pacific Railroad via an overpass. Continuing northward for another , LA 3 intersects LA 160 at a point near Hughes. LA 160 heads west through Rocky Mount to Cotton Valley in Webster Parish.
Now separated from the railroad, LA 3 continues north for another to an intersection with LA 2 (Mary Lee Street) in the town of Plain Dealing, where it gains the local name of Louisiana Street. LA 2 heads west to Hosston and Vivian, connecting to US 71 and LA 1 at those respective points, and east toward US 371 at Sarepta. Several blocks east of this intersection, LA 157 heads northeast to Springhill at the Arkansas state line.
History.
In the original Louisiana Highway system in use between 1921 and 1955, the entire route of the modern LA 3 was part of State Route 10. LA 3 was created with the 1955 Louisiana Highway renumbering, and its route has remained the same apart for two minor shifts at the southern terminus in Bossier City.
In the summer of 1966, I-20 was opened in Bossier City from the Red River Bridge at Traffic Street to Barksdale Boulevard (US 71). As part of this construction, the southernmost portion of LA 3 was shifted onto a new connector, in length, known as Benton Spur in order to be aligned with a partial interchange with I-20 at LA 72 (Old Minden Road). The former route along Benton Road then became LA 3 Spur until its deletion from the state highway system in 2010.
The second and most recent route change occurred in January 2008 upon completion of the Benton Road Overpass, also in Bossier City. This overpass was constructed on the west side of the existing at-grade crossing of the Kansas City Southern Railway which was formerly a source of traffic congestion on Benton Road.
Spur route.
Louisiana Highway 3 Spur.
Louisiana Highway 3 Spur (LA 3 Spur) ran a distance of along Benton Road in Bossier City. It provided an alternate connection to LA 72 at the southern terminus of LA 3.
The route was added in 1966 when LA 3 was slightly re-routed to connect with the ramps to the newly constructed section of I-20 between the Red River Bridge at Traffic Street and US 71 at Barksdale Boulevard. LA 3 Spur was deleted from the state highway system in 2010 and returned to local control.

</doc>
<doc id="6008513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008513" title="Richard Law, 1st Baron Coleraine">
Richard Law, 1st Baron Coleraine

Richard Kidston Law, 1st Baron Coleraine PC (27 February 1901 – 15 November 1980) was a British Conservative politician. He was the youngest son of former Conservative Prime Minister Andrew Bonar Law and his wife Annie. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and St. John's College, Oxford.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Hull South West in the 1931 general election and held that seat until 1945. In 1940 he was appointed Financial Secretary to the War Office and was then transferred to the job of Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs until 1943. He was then Minister of State until 1945, when in Churchill's caretaker government he was Minister of Education. In November 1945 became the MP for Kensington South, which he held until February 1950. 
In 1950 he published "Return from Utopia", which stated his belief that trying to use the power of the state to create any sort of Utopia on earth is not just unattainable but positively evil because one of the first principles to be sacrificed is the principle of freedom and individual choice. In the book Law argued:
To turn our backs on Utopia, to see it for the sham and the delusion that it is, is the beginning of hope. It is to hold out once again the prospect of a society in which man is free to be good because he is free to choose. Freedom is the first condition of human virtue and Utopia is incompatible with freedom. Come back from Utopia and hope is born again.
Law was again elected as an MP in the election of 1951, this time for Haltemprice. Law resigned his seat in February 1954 in order to be elevated to the House of Lords as Baron Coleraine, of Haltemprice in the East Riding of the County of York.
In 1970 he published "For Conservatives Only" where he criticised the Conservative leadership for what he saw as sacrificing Tory principles for electoral expediency and the pursuit of the "middle ground". He was also Patron of the Selsdon Group of Conservative MPs. 
Lord Coleraine married Mary Virginia, daughter of Abraham Fox Nellis, of Rochester, New York, in 1929. He died on 15 November 1980, age 79, and was succeeded in the barony by his son James Martin Bonar Law, 2nd Baron Coleraine.

</doc>
<doc id="6008514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008514" title="Chop suey (disambiguation)">
Chop suey (disambiguation)

Chop suey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6008554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008554" title="Yutaka Niida">
Yutaka Niida

Niida belonged to the Yokohama Hikari Boxing Gym, his trainer was Mitsunori Seki and Hidefumi Oikawa. He first won the WBA minimumweight title at the Pacifico Yokohama on August 25, 2001, when he defeated Chana Porpaoin by unanimous decision. On October 22 only two months later, Niida vacated the title, with the intention of retiring due to back problems and lost interest in boxing.
Niida returned two years later and challenged Noel Arambulet for the title at the same venue, but Niida suffered his first loss, by split decision. Niida fought against Arambulet again at the Korakuen Hall on July 3, 2004; this time Niida won the title by unanimous decision in addition to Arambulet not making the weight. Niida has successfully defended the title seven times since he regained it, winning his last defense occurring against Jose Luis Varela at the Korakuen Hall on March 1, 2008 by knockout in the 6th round. However Mitsunori Seki died for a subarachnoid hemorrhage on June 6, 2008, his death gave Niida an intense shock.
Yutaka Niida lost his title via a fourth-round TKO at the Pacifico Yokohama on September 15, 2008 to Nicaragua's Román González. Presumably, he hung his gloves after the fight. Niida won the achievement award for the 41st Japan Professional Sports Grand Prize that year.
In 2010, Niida founded a public company "World Famous" named after the entrance song of his champion days created by the Japanese rapper BiARD for him, and established a sports gym "Body Design 新井田式 (which means Niida method)" in Yokohama on November 20. Hidefumi Oikawa also works as one of ten or so trainers in this gym.

</doc>
<doc id="6008590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008590" title="Salicin">
Salicin

Salicin is an alcoholic β-glucoside. Salicin is an anti-inflammatory agent that is produced from willow bark. It is also found in castoreum, which was used as an analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic. The activity of castoreum has been credited to the accumulation of salicin from willow trees in the beaver's diet, which is transformed to salicylic acid and has an action very similar to aspirin. Salicin is closely related in chemical make-up to aspirin. When consumed, the acetalic etherbridge is broken down. The two parts of the molecule, glucose and salicylic alcohol, then are metabolized separately. By oxidizing the alcohol function the aromatic part finally is metabolized to salicylic acid. Salicin elicits bitterness like quinine, when consumed. Alkaline cleavage of the glucoside populin produces benzoate and salicin.
Mild side effects are standard, with rare occurrences of nausea, vomiting, rash, dizziness and breathing problems. Overdose from high quantities of salicin can be toxic, damaging kidneys, stomach causing ulcers, diarrhea, bleeding or digestive discomfort. Some people may be allergic, or sensitive to salicylates, similar to reactions to aspirin. Others that are advised against taking salicin are those with asthma, diabetes, gout, gastritis, hemophilia, stomach ulcers, children under 16, pregnant and breastfeeding women. 

</doc>
<doc id="6008599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008599" title="Arthur Johnston (composer)">
Arthur Johnston (composer)

Arthur Johnston (January 10, 1898 – May 1, 1954) was a composer known for such works as “Mandy, Make Up Your Mind,” "Pennies From Heaven," and many others. He worked for a time with Irving Berlin, Johnny Burke, Sam Coslow, and Bing Crosby.
Johnston and Burke were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1936 for "Pennies From Heaven".

</doc>
<doc id="6008607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008607" title="Humber Bay Park">
Humber Bay Park

Humber Bay Park is a waterfront park located in Etobicoke part of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The park consists of two landspits situated at the mouth of Mimico Creek. The park is south of Lake Shore Boulevard West, near Park Lawn Road. Humber Bay Park East is , while Humber Bay Park West is . 
History.
The park maintains a recreational focus for residents and visitors established during the mid-19th century when a number of motels were built in the Humber Bay area. Watersports were enjoyed here during the summer and town council meetings were often held in the Humber Bay motels. Boat building was the earliest trade practiced in what would become the community of Humber Bay.
Humber Bay Park was developed by the former Metropolitan Toronto and Region Conservation Authority with 5.1 million cubic metres of lakefill, at a cost of $6.56 million. Lieutenant-Governor John Black Aird opened the park on June 11, 1984. Several habitat restoration projects have been initiated at Humber Bay Park, including the planting of Carolinian trees and shrubs, the establishment of wildflower meadows and the creation of a warm-water fish habitat and wetland on the east peninsula. The park is also a popular destination to view migrating birds.
Mimico Cruising Club Lighthouses.
The Eastern Gap Lighthouses were built in 1895 and located along waterway. The larger of two lighthouses is a four storey structure and the smaller two storey building. Removed in 1973 during the widening of the Eastern Gap, both the large and small lighthouses were relocated to Marine Terminal 51 and offered to the Etobicoke Yacht Club. They were relocated to Humber Bay Park in 1981 and restored for use by the Mimico Cruising Club in 1982.
Amenities.
The park has a number of amenities such as picnic tables, trails, and a beach front. There are fly casting and model boating ponds and a fully accessible fishing pier. The "Humber Bay Park Boating Federation" and historic old Eastern Gap Lighthouse (c. 1895) are located at Humber Bay West, along with public boat launch ramps and moorings. Humber Bay Park East is home to Toronto's memorial to the victims of the bombing of Air India Flight 182.

</doc>
<doc id="6008627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008627" title="List of V-2 test launches">
List of V-2 test launches

The list of V-2 test launches identifies World War II launches of the A4 rocket (renamed V-2 in 1944). Test launches were made at Peenemünde Test Stand VII, Blizna and Tuchola Forest using experimental and production rockets fabricated at Peenemünde and at the Mittelwerk. Post-war launches were conducted at Cuxhaven, White Sands Proving Grounds, Cape Canaveral, Kapustin Yar, and on the USS "Midway" during Operation Sandy.
List of test launches at Peenemünde and the Greifswalder Oie.
Launches of A4b.
Launch Sites:
Operation Backfire launches near Cuxhaven.
Under Operation Backfire, the British collected together and assembled a small number of V-2s to be fired for demonstration purposes.
Launches of captured V-2 rockets in the USA after 1945.
The Upper Atmosphere Research Panel conducted experiments on US flights of V-2s.
Launches of V2 by Soviet Union.
The USSR captured the V-2 production centre at Nordhausen and assembled their own V-2s. Subsequently they moved the equipment to the USSR and developed their own copy, the R-1

</doc>
<doc id="6008654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008654" title="Honeycomb (geometry)">
Honeycomb (geometry)

In geometry, a honeycomb is a "space filling" or "close packing" of polyhedral or higher-dimensional "cells", so that there are no gaps. It is an example of the more general mathematical "tiling" or "tessellation" in any number of dimensions.
Honeycombs are usually constructed in ordinary Euclidean ("flat") space. They may also be constructed in non-Euclidean spaces, such as hyperbolic honeycombs. Any finite uniform polytope can be projected to its circumsphere to form a uniform honeycomb in spherical space.
Classification.
There are infinitely many honeycombs, which have only been partially classified. The more regular ones have attracted the most interest, while a rich and varied assortment of others continue to be discovered.
The simplest honeycombs to build are formed from stacked layers or "slabs" of prisms based on some tessellation of the plane. In particular, for every parallelepiped, copies can fill space, with the cubic honeycomb being special because it is the only "regular" honeycomb in ordinary (Euclidean) space. Another interesting family is the Hill tetrahedra and their generalizations, which can also tile the space.
Uniform honeycombs.
A uniform honeycomb is a honeycomb in Euclidean 3-space composed of uniform polyhedral cells, and having all vertices the same (i.e., the group of of 3-space that preserve the tiling is "transitive on vertices"). There are 28 convex examples, also called the Archimedean honeycombs.
A honeycomb is called regular if the group of isometries preserving the tiling acts transitively on flags, where a flag is a vertex lying on an edge lying on a face lying on a cell. Every regular honeycomb is automatically uniform. However, there is just one regular honeycomb in Euclidean 3-space, the cubic honeycomb. Two are "quasiregular" (made from two types of regular cells):
The tetrahedral-octahedral honeycomb and gyrated tetrahedral-octahedral honeycombs are generated by 3 or 2 positions of slab layer of cells, each alternating tetrahedra and octahedra. An infinite number of unique honeycombs can be created by higher order of patterns of repeating these slab layers.
Space-filling polyhedra.
A honeycomb having all cells identical within its symmetries is said to be cell-transitive or isochoric. A cell of such a honeycomb is said to be a "space-filling polyhedron". Known examples include:
Sometimes, two or more different polyhedra may be combined to fill space. Besides many of the uniform honeycombs, another well known example is the Weaire–Phelan structure, adopted from the structure of clathrate hydrate crystals 
Non-convex honeycombs.
Documented examples are rare. Two classes can be distinguished:
Hyperbolic honeycombs.
In hyperbolic space, the dihedral angle of a polyhedron depends on its size. The regular hyperbolic honeycombs thus include two with four or five dodecahedra meeting at each edge; their dihedral angles thus are π/2 and 2π/5, both of which are less than that of a Euclidean dodecahedron. Apart from this effect, the hyperbolic honeycombs obey the same topological constraints as Euclidean honeycombs and polychora.
The 4 regular hyperbolic honeycombs and many uniform hyperbolic honeycombs have been enumerated.
Duality of honeycombs.
For every honeycomb there is a dual honeycomb, which may be obtained by exchanging:
These are just the rules for dualising four-dimensional polychora, except that the usual finite method of reciprocation about a concentric hypersphere can run into problems.
The more regular honeycombs dualise neatly:
Self-dual honeycombs.
Honeycombs can also be self-dual. All n-dimensional hypercubic honeycombs with Schlafli symbols {4,3"n"−2,4}, are self-dual.

</doc>
<doc id="6008676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008676" title="Doug Lee">
Doug Lee

Doug Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6008706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6008706" title="Munden Point">
Munden Point

Munden Point Park is a recreational park owned and maintained by the city of Virginia Beach, Virginia located deep in the heart of the southern end of the city, right on The North Landing River. The park features five shelters, three baseball fields, a boat ramp, boat rentals, three playgrounds, six horseshoe pits, volleyball nets, and light hiking trails. An outdoor amphitheatre is fully equipped with electrical outlets and is available for reservations of weddings, outside classroom activities and other events. Restrooms, parking, vending machines, playgrounds, gardens, and barbecue grills are also available for use. Canoes, boat ramps, and disc golf courses may also be rented to go. Admission is free, and the park is open from dawn (6:30 AM) to dusk.

</doc>
