<doc id="5950762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950762" title="Live! (Status Quo album)">
Live! (Status Quo album)

Live! is the first live album by English Rock band Status Quo. It contains 2 discs. It is an amalgam of performances at Glasgow's Apollo Theatre between 27 and 29 October 1976, recorded using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="5950764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950764" title="Cepagatti">
Cepagatti

Cepagatti is a "comune" (municipality) and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950770" title="Civitaquana">
Civitaquana

Civitaquana is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy
History.
In 883, the town is mentioned in the Chronicon Casauriense as part of the diocesis of Pelle. In 1269, Civitaquana was granted as a feifdom by King Charles of Anjou to poet Sordello da Goito, but he probably died immediately afterwards since the king gave Civitaquana to Bonifacio di Galiberto. In 1458, king Ferrante d'Aragona granted the lordship to Laudadio De Lagmyniano, "Giustiziere" of Abruzzo, whose palace can still be seen in the main square.

</doc>
<doc id="5950775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950775" title="WCW Women's Cruiserweight Championship">
WCW Women's Cruiserweight Championship

The World Championship Wrestling (WCW) Women's Cruiserweight Championship was a short-lived singles championship in World Championship Wrestling for the smaller women. It was created as a joint venture between WCW and GAEA Japan. The weight limit for the women's cruiserweight division was 130 lb (as announced on WCW television). The first champion was crowned in a four woman tournament that began on an episode of "WCW Monday Nitro" on March 31, 1997 and concluded on April 7, 1997. Since the tournament final was only shown as a bonus match on "WCW Main Event", and the results were never mentioned on WCW television again, it is speculated that the title was created solely to be used by the GAEA promotion in Japan. In fact, the title was defended and changed hands twice in Japan until being abandoned in late 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5950776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950776" title="Civitella Casanova">
Civitella Casanova

Civitella Casanova is an Italian town of inland mountain of 1,950 inhabitants in the province of Pescara in Abruzzo and belongs to the mountain community Vestina. Listed on the National Park of Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga (in the District of Great Abbeys, which is home) and the Regional Reserve Voltigno and Valle d'Angri, a regional reserve included in the National Park, the country bases its economy mainly on 'agriculture.
It has pre-Roman origins of repute, the sources of the historian Livy emerges as the town of Civitella was called Cutina or Cingilia (no one knows if it was anciently called Cutina then changing the name in Cingilia, or if the old part of town today said Terravecchia, had the name Cutina and the rest of the country in Cingilia, or if the two toponyms were equal).
Civitella Casanova is considered the home of "arrosticini", to attest this is notified that in the town hall are the first licenses for the sale of arrosticini dating back to 1819, not owned by closely neighboring municipalities, the province of Pescara or other surrounding provinces. Civitella is defined as "the country that invented the "arrosticini"".
Physical geography.
The municipal district is large enough, it accommodates various environmental landscapes: the hills, high hills and mountains, to a minimum height of and a maximum height of , with a vertical drop of . Located on the back of a hill above sea level declining towards the confluence of the rivers Schiavone and Festina, the town still retains its ancient structure, it is also the most populous of the foothills of the Gran Sasso in the province of Pescara.
Territory.
The current village, growing, grew in the foothills of the majestic Gran Sasso chain at the foot of Mount Cimoni—elevation , and Mt Colle Madonna, elevation —from a village, relatively old and homely in dimensions, called Terravecchia. Built of stone and brick, this small village is situated on a rocky outcrop and is the most remote and evocative of the historic center in Roman times was called Cutina or Cingilia.
On it stood the ponderous Castrum Rossi di Civitella, which was destroyed by a disastrous earthquake in 1456, and the Church of San Marco which today remains only a stone, on which there was built a new house, but left intentionally exposed by the owners. Subsequently, many buildings were swallowed by a landslide which brought with it a large part of the area, reducing the current strip of land we see today.
Conseguenzialmente these events there was a need for the development of a new country: its subsequent expansion, in fact, led him to develop the hill to the west, up the slopes of the mountain. Its elongated shape today is crossed by a long straight axis, which some believe is one of the longer courses available throughout the province, bordered by rows of houses almost uninterrupted. Terravecchia is now very attractive, because of its walls stone and brick, the winding streets and steep stairways, and its architecture is still of considerable interest. The two nuclei are gathered today, and there are buildings of superior construction quality.
The elevation of the town is known to be above sea level, the point at which it is built the municipal building: few people know, however, that the highest point of the municipality measuring , height of the mountain Top of Cioccola observable by the fraction Baffo and Centelle, part of the town of Civitella. It sopraeleva behind the mountains above Cimoni and Colle Madonna forming the plain with lace, or a barrier of rock composed of limestone pinnacles, which in fact is the door of the flat Voltigno. Civitella in higher altitudes has a large area of this plateau, which includes the three mountains of the town, because in these places has the typical characteristic landscape mountain, where there are large beech and oak and fir trees, we can find the area of wildlife chamois 'Abruzzo, where there are also buzzards, peregrine falcons, deer, the Apennine wolf, wild cat, and once the bear. Excellent destination for mountain lovers and for those who love to be surrounded by greenery, close to the country from which you can see, looking towards the mountains, this pristine nature.
The plateau of Voltigno is about above sea level and is often visited by tourists and people who love the mountains, but there is also practiced sports, including cycling and cross-country skiing in winter. Just here, on the mountain Colle Madonna, originates the source of Rivo Clear that, by the eponymous waterfall frozen in winter (great for climbing mountaineering, gives rise to stream Schiavone, fed by the waters of the Festina river, then the river confluence Nora. There is also a small karst lake, fed mainly by snowfall winter, Lake Background, the only one that dries up in summer in spite of the other small ponds that have the same origin. According to popular belief, the lake has no bottom and flows directly into the Adriatic Sea.
Civitella Casanova also has a large area of natural interest outside the city center, in the district Furnace, you can visit the Zoo Park, the Cliff, while to the north of the Hill truncheons, in Festina location at above sea level there is a spring of sulphurous water usually not easily recepibile and conducive to many cures for acne, arthritis, asthma-like bronchitis, catarrhal bronchitis, eczema seborrico, lymphatism eretistico, acute articular rheumatism, rinofaringo - chronic laryngitis, deafness . [16 In addition, however, also become a popular tourist spot of the high mountains of the town and turned into a pretty fountain, there are mountains in at least three other main sources for drinking water:
Position of the municipality.
The core of the country stands on a hill and is about from the provincial capital.
With regard to the surrounding areas, the municipality is from:
Climate.
Although the town is located on the eastern side of Gran Sasso and then exposed to currents mitigatrici of the Adriatic Sea, contrary to what you might think, they are not sufficient to reach this area, which therefore present the typical mountain climate, with cold winters, dry and snowy, thanks to the current Balkan sometimes cold, and summers are dry and hot, with a low moisture content, as opposed to the coastal cities, even increased as a result of summer storms rinfescanti.
These climatic conditions, characteristic of the Mediterranean climate allows the cultivation of extensive olive groves and vineyards present extensively throughout the country.
Very famous oil Civitella, quality Carpinetana, and the wine of the area.
History.
There is no received sources to flesh out an exhaustive and widely documentassero the history of this town as a result of German occupation during the years of the Second World War the Palace Jandelli and the municipal building, which at that time was not in today's home Palazzo Pulsoni in Corso Umberto I, but in a building on Via Vico Schools, close to Palazzo Pignatelli. This, however, can boast a historic and glorious existence, made known by the few surviving sources and documents, to which add the testimony of the inhabitants of the place, sometimes considered by university professors for special studies have revealed valuable information, later disclosed.
In San Benedetto Roman remains have been found and came to light a stretch of underground aqueduct along with floors of homes and cemeteries. In ancient times the village was called Cutina, an ancient city of Vestini people who came into conflict with the Romans in the year of the consulate of Junius Brutus Sceva, the 325 BC In that time the city was mentioned by Livy.
The name of Civitella appears for the first time in "Chronica S. Monasterii Casinensis". The country at that time was called Civitella dell'Abbadia for the presence of the famous and fervent monastery of Santa Maria di Casanova. The monastery was the first and most powerful of Abruzzo, the most illustrious and famous of the five Cistercian arising in the land of Abruzzo, and was erected in 1191 by the Countess Margarita, mother of Berardo II, Count of Laureto and Conversano, and was entrusted to the Cistercian Order in the 12th century with a rich endowment. Going forward in time the importance and prosperity of the monastery grew to the point that it, according to the Bindi, boasted among its fiefs the castrum of Rossi, which is to Civitella, the land of Carpineto, Fara, of Cretano of vestige of Brittoli and even the islands of Tremiti. Became so powerful that boast possessions in distant lands, as in Lucera in Apulia, to obtain the consent of Alexander IV in 1258 about the annexation and the total absorption of the thriving as illustrious monastery of San Bartolomeo di Carpineto, a project that was entitled to the political level the following year with a diploma of King Manfred. In times of prosperity, the monastery came to house 500 monks, many of which are devoted to the humanities, the transcription of the text and the thumbnail of the codes. Lived and worked Erimondo, famous bookseller and famous minaturista digit code in Lombard born in Civitella Casanova. And if he is, thanks to the people of the area have been raised by the conditions of the serfs to that of expert farmers. Its codes were taken to Milan in the 17th century by Cardinal Federico Borromeo, abbot of the abbey, who ruled from 1591 until his death in 1631. The splendor of the monastery lasted for about seven centuries, during which the town developed with a certain peace of mind, living in the shadow of the abbey and following the instructions of the Cistercian fathers. We also remind you throughout all these years twinning Abbey Casanova, one of the most important and powerful of Abruzzo, with the Abbey of Casamari. Supervened, then, the decline and destruction by in 1807 during the reign of Joseph Bonaparte. Today there are only a few ruins of the monastery, on the border with the municipality of Villa Celiera. The country therefore had to fight not just in modern times to maintain its own identity and achieve full autonomy, especially in the neighboring countries.
Variations of the town and its administrative boundaries.
The town of Civitella has always belonged to the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until the unification of Italy, and more precisely to Giustizierato d'Abruzzo. In 1273 Charles I of Anjou, for better political administration of the territory, decreed the division into two administrative districts: the ultra Aprutium flumen piscariae and Apriutium citra flumen piscariae (Abruzzo beyond the river Pescara and Abruzzo to the side of the river Pescara), ie Giustizierato Abruzzo Ultra (around present-day provinces of L'Aquila, Teramo and most of the Pescara) and Giustizierato Abruzzo Citra (around present-day province of Chieti).
However, in 1806 the giustizierato Abruzzo Ultra was once again divided into two new provinces: the province of Abruzzo Ultra I (the present province of Teramo, which also included most of present-day province of Pescara), and the province of 'Abruzzo Ultra II (now the province of L'Aquila, which included the 17 municipalities subsequently transferred to the province of Rieti and 2 to the province of Pescara). The province of Abruzzo Ultra I was administratively divided into two districts: the district of Teramo town with the same name, and the District of Città Sant'Angelo. Civitella was located in the latter, inserted in 1811 in the district of Catignano.
The division of Giustizierato Abruzzo Ultra in the Province of Abruzzo Province of Abruzzo Ultra I and Ultra II was valid from 1806 to 1861, when, following the unification of Italy, the provinces were born and with it, districts, administrative subdivisions of the latter. The newly formed province of Teramo then included the territory of Abruzzo Ultra I, and his two new districts correspond with the territorial boundaries of the above districts:
This town was therefore always located in Abruzzo Further I, then equivalent of the province of Teramo, and specifically in the district of Città Sant'Angelo, which later became the District of Pens (set up in 1861 as an administrative subunit of the province of Teramo).
In 1927 came the province of Pescara, was followed by the abolition of the districts of individual provinces and municipalities belonging to the district of pens, including Civitella, went to join the newly formed province (except the district of Bisenti who remained in the province of Teramo); They were joined in two municipalities in the province of L'Aquila already, plus another belonging to the province of Chieti already.
Subsequently, in 1913, the town of Civitella underwent cleavage of one of its fractions, Celiera, which by royal decree issued that year (however, entered into force 1 January 1914) went on to form a municipality of its own.
Earthquake of April 6, 2009.
The devastating earthquake that struck L'Aquila and its province has severely damaged the church and demolished the bell tower. The old town was severely damaged, leading to its total evacuation. The town of Civitella was placed by the Legislature on the list of common earthquake, known as "crater", which has received benefits, subsidies and aid in economic terms, such as the project MAP (Modules Temporary Premises), or 15 wooden houses for 15 families displaced in the country. Fortunately, the concussion he spared the church adjacent to the cemetery, the ancient Church of the Madonna della Cona, recently restored.
Active villages.
Designed for the first time in Italy, "Borghi Active" is a project that will get a great importance and visibility at the national level. Involves five municipalities of the crater in Abruzzo who have suffered extensive damage from the earthquake, as well as Civitella Casanova, most populous municipality in the chosen hub for the neighboring suburbs and only interested in the province of Pescara, are co-protagonists of this important process also countries Fontecchio, Pescomaggiore, Santa Maria del Ponte and Fano Adriano. The goal is to rebuild the country with the active participation of the entire population of those areas through the creation of a "Statute Participated in the country." It will be prepared by the citizens Civitellesi with the municipal administration through a questionnaire that will tell the inhabitants of Civitella in: its history, its traditions and customs of the oldest houses and the mountains to create a common design for the future of the country.
Civitella Casanova is one of the municipalities within the project "Active Villages", only in the province of Pescara and along with Fontecchio, Pescomaggiore, Santa Maria del Ponte and Fano Adriano. The goal is to rebuild the country with the active participation of the entire population of those areas through the creation of a "Statute Participated in the country".
Monuments and buildings.
Civitella still keeps its ancient structure, in the city center is still possible to admire the most ancient and important monuments and buildings in the area.
Religious architecture.
Church of St. John, situated in the district of Terravecchia in the sports area of Sports and Municipal Pool San Giovanni, now in ruins, was open for the celebration of Mass on the feast of St. John the Baptist.
Culture.
Education.
Civitella hosts the first three grades of compulsory education which Italian nursery school, primary school and secondary school level, also is the seat of the Presidency of Civitella '"Institute including kindergarten, elementary and middle B. Cross," which includes the towns and then the respective schools Carpineto, Villa Celiera, Faringdon and Montebello di Bertona.
Libraries.
The newly opened public library is the "Lorenzo Pulsoni", not yet open to the public, located in a building which housed the town hall. There you can find a variety of information, from the history books, those of art, literature, Latin, and even those that deal with the particular country.
Society.
Traditions and folklore.
The country still has its own customs and traditions, which usually occur every year. The best known are the summer events that color the summer Civitellese, as the feast of kebabs, and sagnarelle fasciule (or, in dialect Civitellese 'sagnarell and sides) or the festival of August, organized during the week of August, a variety of activities mostly evening, like that of the white night usually set up on August 16 in the town square. Added to these are the volleyball and soccer tournaments and fashion shows lingerie and costumes held in the Municipal Pool San Giovanni.
Of particular interest are the celebration of the Solemnity of the Patron Saint. The protector is the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Graces. It took considerable force the feast of Pentecost, which was accompanied by three days of festivities religious and civil. During this period many of the faithful get to the church of Cona to attend religious functions, to profit from the "forgiveness" (plenary indulgence) and to participate in the spectacular procession on Tuesday afternoon.
Has established also the tradition of celebrating a solemn Mass at 3:00 each April 6 to commemorate the terrible earthquake that struck the Abruzzo region in 2009. For the occasion, the statue is solemnly exposed Emidius bishop and martyr, patron against natural disasters and earthquakes.
In addition to the above, recur every year other habits and traditions folklore festivals, such as the "Lu Sand'Andonie." It takes place on the Sunday that precedes January 17, in honor of Saint Anthony: the event is characterized by a long parade through the streets of the village where costumed animals of the ceremony go to rural tradition, such as mules, goats , dogs, geese, rabbits and even horses. Typical of the parade also the ancient decorated floats, once used in farm work. At the end of the parade are organized entertainment activities, such as theater performances of local companies and from surrounding countries, recalling key moments in the life of St. Francis, patron saint of animals and all the rural world. These are supplemented by the exhibition of sweets and most characteristic of the place, I Cieje de Sand'Andonie, in the local dialect means Civitellese Birds of St. Anthony, made with shortcrust pastry in the shape of bird (hence the name) with different decorations and filled with a tasty and aromatic filling or jam.
Finally, we can mention the Torchlight Vestina, a long torch suitable for mountain lovers and hiking. It takes place every year on the day of the Immaculate Conception, December 8: starting from the town center (Piazza Risorgimento) means and their cars to arrive at an altitude of about above sea level on the southwest of the mountains of Gran Sasso, hence each, properly equipped, the group follows the rocky path that leads to the summit of Mount Colle Madonna to above sea level, on which there is a huge cross visible from country itself, especially in the sunniest days. Waiting for climbers, hikers and other participants, a big tent with hot tea and biscuits. The cross is illuminated by large headlights and the hilly site beyond the town of Civitella is visible in the distance. Those who participate on this tour in the evening, can enjoy the view of the village and the entire valley of the Pescara at full brightness. To return to the country to all the participants are offered a dinner of local products, accompanied by singing, dancing and games of folklore Abruzzo.
Events.
Cultural events.
At the national level, in parallel with other events every summer at the National Stage Piano, Violin and Voice, now in its sixth edition, available at the camp Castel Rosso, a municipal post in mountainous area at above sea level. It consists of a course of improvement of some pieces for piano or violin, presented by the musicians who take daily lessons with their teachers for a period of about a week. At the end of the activities follow one or more days of the concert, where all participants will perform in one of the songs improved public offering, with the assignment of a final certificate of participation. Participate mainly pianists and violinists of the place and the province, but in recent years the event is affecting many musicians from all over Italy, thanks to the presence of the famous masters of improvement Lucia Passaglia and Luigi Di Ilio for the piano, Eddy Perpich for violin and Akane Ogawa for singing.
Sporting events.
Every year, in the hilly and mountainous area of civitella to life the manifestation of the Rally Pescara (ie the whole province of Pescara) that parade usually about 50 rally cars driven by drivers of the place and from every part of Italy.
Typical products.
Typical products 
Administration.
Previous administrations.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950779" title="Henri Maspero">
Henri Maspero

Henri Maspero (; December 15, 1882 - March 17, 1945) was a French sinologist, today particularly remembered for his pioneering works on Taoism. 
Biography.
After studies in history and literature, in 1905 he joined his father (Egyptologist Gaston Maspero) in Egypt, and later published the study "Les Finances de l'Egypte sous les Lagides". After returning to Paris in 1907, he studied the Chinese language under Édouard Chavannes and law at Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales. In 1908, he went to Hanoi, studying at the "École française d'Extrême-Orient". 
In 1918 he succeeded Chavannes in the Chair of Chinese at the Collège de France. He published his monumental "La Chine Antique" in 1927. During the following years he replaced Marcel Granet for the chair of Chinese civilisation at the Sorbonne, directed the department of Chinese religions at the École Pratique des Hautes Études, and was selected to be a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres.
Accused by the occupying German forces of involvement in the French Resistance he was interned in Buchenwald concentration camp in July 1944, and died there weeks before the camp was liberated in April of the following year.
Besides his pioneering works on Chinese history and religions, he also made great contributions to historical Chinese phonology for his works "Le dialecte de Tch'ang-ngan sous les T'ang" (1920) and "Préfixes et dérivation en chinois archaïque" (1930).
His "Le Taoïsme et les religions chinoises" was published in 1971 as Volume II of his "Mélanges posthumes". It was published in English (as translated by Frank A. Kierman, Jr.) in 1981 under the title "Taoism and Chinese Religion", in nine Books:

</doc>
<doc id="5950780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950780" title="The Back Door (album)">
The Back Door (album)

The Back Door, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label.

</doc>
<doc id="5950782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950782" title="Collecorvino">
Collecorvino

Collecorvino is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="5950783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950783" title="It Takes Two (Desperate Housewives)">
It Takes Two (Desperate Housewives)

"It Takes Two" is the 49th episode of the ABC television series, "Desperate Housewives". It was also the second episode of the show's third season. The episode was written by Kevin Murphy and Jenna Bans and directed by David Grossman. It originally aired on October 1, 2006. 
Plot.
Edie catches her 18-year-old nephew, Austin, trying to break into her home. It turns out he is having trouble with his mother, so Edie offers him to stay with her until things at home get better. Julie gets annoyed at the loud music Austin has been playing while cleaning up his bike. Austin and Julie have a confrontation, but there is a spark between the two of them. Julie doesn't want to admit that she has a crush on him.
Susan goes out to dinner with Ian, which is their first official date. The situation gets awkward when they run into his wife's parents. Susan pretends to be the doctor of his wife. Susan tells Ian that she feels that they shouldn't see each other anymore, since they are both in relationships. Ian does not want to walk away from Susan, and Susan agrees to continue seeing him.
Nora is seeing a man named Turk. Lynette is happy because now that Nora is dating, she's around less often. However, Nora and Turk break up and Lynette is trying to find Nora another boyfriend. She then hooks her up with Carlos. When Gabrielle catches Nora dancing with Carlos, Nora tells her that Lynette is the one who introduced the two of them. Gabrielle is upset with Lynette. Lynette tells her how unhappy she is thanks to Nora, and she is also beginning to resent Tom for bringing this into the family, and she's worried about their marriage. Gabrielle assures her that she and Tom will make it.
Orson and Bree plan on getting married two weeks after becoming engaged. Susan, Lynette, and Gabrielle are her bridesmaids, and they all are worried because they feel Bree is marrying a homicidal maniac. Susan goes to visit Carolyn at the bank where she works, and asks her why she thinks Orson killed Alma. Carolyn tells her that when Alma was declared missing, the police went into Orson's house and searched. It turns out Orson thoroughly cleaned the house, so they didn't find any skin cells or DNA of Alma. Carolyn thinks that Orson cleaned up because no one cleans that thoroughly unless they have something to hide. Before the wedding ceremony, Susan tells Bree the story and the rest of the women tell her that they're worried for her. Bree refuses to believe them, and proceeds with the ceremony. As she's walking down the aisle, she begins to change her mind. She has a private chat with Orson in the middle of the ceremony, and asks him if he killed Alma. He says no, and the wedding goes on. After they are pronounced man and wife, they are on the dance floor and Orson tells her he was hurt by the question.
Carlos and Gabrielle are using a mediator, Mr. Portsmouth, for their divorce. Gabrielle is very demanding over what she gets. She also demands a necklace, which belonged to Juanita, which Carlos refuses to give to her. Gabrielle is continuing to hate Xiao-Mei. Later, Carlos drops by and softens up to Gabrielle by telling her she can have Juanita's necklace. Carlos thinks they still have a chance together, but Gabrielle doesn't. In order to make this clear to Carlos, she uses the gay waiter at Orson and Bree's reception to make him jealous. Carlos falls for it, and tries to find a single woman, but is out of luck. That is, until, Lynette introduces him to Nora. Gabrielle finds Carlos and Nora dancing, and a fight brews. Carlos demands the necklace back, but while trying to pull it off Gabrielle's neck, it breaks. Their fight is interrupted once Xiao-Mei's water breaks. She gives birth at the hospital, but to an African American baby. It turns out their embryo was switched with someone else's. Their embryo was never given birth to. Carlos tells Gabrielle that at least their divorce will be easier without a child. Carlos and Gabrielle sign a lease for Xiao-Mei at an apartment in Chinatown.
Meanwhile, away from Wisteria Lane, the body of a dead woman is found. The body is buried in clay and her teeth have been pulled out. She died due to a blunt force trauma. The police believe it to be Alma Hodge. Orson and Bree go to the morgue, and Orson says it isn't Alma, but Carolyn shows up and also says it isn't her. She warns Bree again about Orson. When Orson and Bree leave, Orson says "Tu me manques, Monique", which means "I miss you, Monique" in French, revealing that it's a woman named Monique and Orson knew her.
Cast.
Although credited, Andrew Van De Kamp (Shawn Pyfrom), Preston Scavo (Brent Kinsman), Porter Scavo (Shane Kinsman), and Parker Scavo (Zane Huett) do not appear in this episode.
Josh Henderson joins the cast as Austin McCann. 

</doc>
<doc id="5950784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950784" title="Corvara, Abruzzo">
Corvara, Abruzzo

Corvara is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
History.
Its origins go back in time to the late Middle Ages, when the settlement belonged to the Monastery of St. Clemente a Casauria.

</doc>
<doc id="5950794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950794" title="Cugnoli">
Cugnoli

Cugnoli is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
The village existence is first recorded in the 12th century, and the medieval walls surrounding the original settlement can still be seen. 
External links.
ar;كونيولي

</doc>
<doc id="5950803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950803" title="Elice">
Elice

Elice is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara, part of the Abruzzo region of Italy
History.
The territory, due to the fertility of the land, was inhabited since as early as the Paleolithic Age. The name of the village derives from holm-oaks, which once covered the area. During the 15th century it belonged to the town of Penne and for a long time to the Castiglione family. It was known in the late 19th century for its ceramic workshops. 
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950808" title="Farindola">
Farindola

Farindola is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.
Outside the town, located near the Gran Sasso massif and thus characterized by a continental humid climate, are the Vitello d'Oro falls, with a height of .
History.
As for Fara San Martino, the name of the village comes from the Lombard word for "borough", but various Palaeolithic findings point to an earlier origin. In the 11th century two important Benedectine monasteries occupied the area. Later on the village came under the control of the city of Penne and the Farnese family.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950809" title="I and Albert">
I and Albert

A PDF of the original program can be found here: 
http://www.infotextmanuscripts.org/webb/webb_programmes_index.html
I and Albert is a 1972 musical by composer Charles Strouse, and lyricist Lee Adams. The plot is based on the lives of Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and was adapted for the stage by Jay Presson Allen. 
Production.
The musical debuted in the West End at the Piccadilly Theatre on 6 November 1972, under the direction of John Schlesinger, but proved a flop, running only for three months, 120 performances. British actress Polly James performed the role of Victoria opposite Sven-Bertil Taube as her husband Prince Albert. Lewis Fiander and Aubrey Woods had featured roles. Sarah Brightman made her stage debut in 1973 in this musical, as Vicky, the queen's eldest daughter, and a street waif, at age 13. Also in the cast was Simon Gipps-Kent as a young Prince Edward ("Bertie"), a role he would later reprise for television in "Edward the Seventh".
The musical has not been produced on Broadway.
Recording.
The cast album is a studio recording that reunited some of the original principals in London in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5950813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950813" title="Loreto Aprutino">
Loreto Aprutino

Loreto Aprutino ("Lurèt" in Abruzzese dialect) is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
History.
The presence of necropoli at Colle-Fiorano and at Farina-Cardito indicate the presence of a significant pre-Roman settlement nearby the modern town. The Vestini, defeated by the Romans in the Social War, eventually built a town around the "castellum" and called it "Laurentum", because of the many bay laurels ("laurus") that then grew in the area. With the decline of the Romans, the area came under the control of Norman counts. The modern town grew up around a castle and Benedictine abbey in the 11th century. In the 13th century, the d'Aquino family - Lombard nobility became lords of the town, and though there are legends that of Aquinas (Tommaso d'Aquino) once took residence in Loreto, evidence of this is obscure. In the Middle Ages many of the characteristic buildings of the city were built, with a particularly notable example being the parish church of San Pietro Apostolo.
In 1863, after the unification of Italy, the adjective "Aprutino" was added to the name of the town to distinguish it from several other towns in Italy: in Ancona province, in Asti province, in Novara province, and two separate towns in Perugia province.
Economy.
The production of olive oil and wine is a mainstay of the local economy. The most important estates include Valentini, Talamonti, Torre dei Beati.
Festivals.
Each spring on the first Monday after Pentecost, the city celebrates the Festa di San Zopito and a parade is held. A child, dressed all in white and wearing a crown of flowers, rides a white ox that is decorated with colored ribbons on its horns and a red mantle bearing an image of San Zopito.

</doc>
<doc id="5950814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950814" title="If You Can't Stand the Heat...">
If You Can't Stand the Heat...

"If You Can't Stand the Heat..." is the eleventh studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Recorded
at Wisseloord Studios, Hilversum, Holland, and produced by Pip Williams, it was released in October 1978 and reached #3 in the UK album chart. The sleeve notes that Aphex Aural Exciter was used in the recording process, thus contributing to a more atmospheric sound than its predecessor, "Rockin' All Over The World". Unusually for a Status Quo record, a brass section, The David Katz Horns, was used, as well as a backing vocal trio, Jacquie O'Sullivan, later a member of Bananarama, Stevie Lange and Joy Yates.
"Again and Again" was the first single to be released from the album and managed to reach #15.
The second single to be released from the album was an edited version of "Accident Prone" which stalled at #36.

</doc>
<doc id="5950817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950817" title="Montebello di Bertona">
Montebello di Bertona

Montebello di Bertona is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara, in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950823" title="Moscufo">
Moscufo

Moscufo is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
<BR clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950824" title="Nocciano">
Nocciano

Nocciano is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950828" title="Jack Renner (recording engineer)">
Jack Renner (recording engineer)

Jack L. Renner (born April 13, 1935) is an American classically trained musician and recording engineer, best known as chairman, CEO and chief recording engineer of the Telarc International Corporation.
Renner received a Bachelor of Science degree and completed graduate work at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. He has worked as a professional trumpeter, recording engineering consultant, freelance recording engineer, high school music teacher and public speaker. Renner has received 20 Grammy Award nominations, winning eleven.
Renner made his first recording on February 20, 1962. He pioneered the development of the digital recording process for jazz, classical and symphonic music. In 1978, he made the first symphonic digital recording and the first orchestral digital recording in the United States.
Renner holds an Honorary Doctor of Musical Arts degree from the Cleveland Institute of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="5950830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950830" title="Pescosansonesco">
Pescosansonesco

Pescosansonesco is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is above sea level in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
Famous for its sanctuary, the village is divided into two parts: the old suburb, "Pescosansonesco Vecchio", and the new village, "Pescosansonesco Nuovo", which was rebuilt some away, in the so-called “Ambrosian” region. 
References.
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950839" title="Pianella">
Pianella

Pianella is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy

</doc>
<doc id="5950844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950844" title="Picciano">
Picciano

Picciano is a village and "comune" in Italy in the Province of Pescara, within the Abruzzo region. Its population at the end of 2006 was 1,398.
History.
Picciano is first mentioned in 1049 when Bernardo Earl of Penne, with the "Charta Offersionis", gave fields and buildings to build a Benedictine abbey in its hills. This is the first indication of the existence of a town called "Picciano". and could be considered its "terminus ante quem".
Many legends are known about the origin of the name "Picciano", the most believable talks about shepherds devoted to the Goddess Pithia; other variants of the name, found in the "Charta Convenientiae", is "Piczano" so that perhaps the name of the town can be dated back to the Early Middle Age, avoiding conjectures about Roman origins.

</doc>
<doc id="5950845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950845" title="Rosciano">
Rosciano

Rosciano is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5950847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950847" title="Salle, Abruzzo">
Salle, Abruzzo

Salle is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy, well known for its castle and its history in the violin-string industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5950851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950851" title="Pietranico">
Pietranico

Pietranico is a village and "comune" of the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
Geography.
Alanno, Brittoli, Castiglione a Casauria, Civitaquana, Corvara, Cugnoli, Pescosansonesco and Torre de' Passeri are neighbouring towns.
History.
The town of Pietranico takes its title from a notable rock around which the castle, known as Pietraniqua, was built. Later on, the castle is referred to as Petrainiqua or Petram Iniquam. Apart from the ancient castle, most of the town was built from the 15th century onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="5950853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950853" title="U.S. Route 50 in Utah">
U.S. Route 50 in Utah

U.S. Route 50 (US-50) in Utah crosses the center of the state. The highway serves no major population centers in Utah, with the largest city along its path being Delta. Most of the route passes through desolate, remote areas. Through the eastern half of the state the route is concurrent with Interstate 70. US-50 both enters and exits Utah concurrent with U.S. Route 6, however the two routes are separate through the center of the state.
Three completely different routings of US-50 have existed between Green River and Ely, Nevada. The route between these cities has become progressively shorter as new roads have been paved through this largely uninhabited region of both states. The earlier routings were a result of a dispute between Utah and Nevada over which auto trails would be paved and converted to U.S. Highways.
Route description.
The highway enters Utah from Nevada in a desolate portion of the Great Basin desert. Similar to many portions of the route in Nevada, there are no services from this point to Delta, a span of roadway that is about . While passing through the Great Basin the highway crosses two mountain ranges, the Confusion Range via kings canyon and House Range via Skull Rock Pass, before arriving at the shore of Sevier Lake. Sevier Lake is an intermittent lake which is fed by snow melt from many mountain ranges in the eastern half of the Great Basin. From US-50, water is only usually visible in the spring months. The highway follows Sevier Lake to Delta.
The scenery dramatically changes as US-50 approaches Delta, where U.S. Route 6 and 50 separate. As the road approaches Delta, a straight passage across desert changes to zigzags through farming areas. The highway continues to zigzag through farms until arriving at more mountainous terrain at Holden. At Holden, the highway merges with Interstate 15 to cross the Pavant Range at Scipio Summit. US-50 then separates from this freeway to meet Interstate 70 in Salina. The two highways run concurrent from this point east to Colorado. Yet again, there is a stretch of highway long without services from Salina to Green River.
While co-routed with I-70, US-50 crosses the Wasatch Plateau and passes through the San Rafael Swell. The construction of I-70 through the swell is noted as one of the engineering marvels of the Interstate Highway System. One specific feat, the excavation through a portion called Spotted Wolf Canyon, required excavating of rock to have a bed for just of roadway. Construction workers noted that prior to the construction of the freeway a man could stand in this canyon and touch both sides of the canyon wall.
US-6 rejoins US-50 near Green River. The three routes run concurrent and follow the southern edge of the Book Cliffs to Grand Junction, Colorado. Once again, services are not present from Thompson Springs to Fruita, Colorado, a span of about . This portion of US-50 is part of the Dinosaur Diamond Prehistoric Highway, a National Scenic Byway. The name of the byway comes from the large number of areas along the route with visible dinosaur remains.
History.
The modern route of U.S. Route 50 between Ely, Nevada and Green River, Utah is the third iteration.
First iteration.
In 1926, when the U.S. Highway system was first announced, there was a gap in US-50 between Ely and Thistle. At the time the states of Utah and Nevada were feuding about which of the old auto trails would be paved and used for the new U.S. Highway System. Nevada favored the Lincoln Highway, which the modern US-50 closely follows in that state. Utah refused to consider the Lincoln Highway west of Salt Lake City. Officials perceived that route would carry all California bound traffic directly to Nevada while passing through very few communities in Utah. Utah instead favored the Victory Highway (modern Interstate 80 west of Salt Lake) and the Arrowhead Trail (modern Interstate 15). By favoring these routes Utah could force travelers destined for southern California to use a different route than those destined for northern California, with both of these traversing through more cities in Utah than the Lincoln Highway. The Arrowhead trail was especially beneficial to Utah as it passed through many communities in the state, but only Las Vegas in Nevada.
Utah prevailed and US-50 did not continue to follow the Lincoln Highway to Salt Lake City as Nevada had wanted. The first continuous route of US-50 across eastern Nevada and western Utah was an arch shaped route. US-50 proceeded north from Ely along what is now numbered U.S. Route 93 and Alternate US-93 where the highway would merge with the Victory Highway (U.S. Route 40 along the Wendover Cut-off, since replaced by I-80) to Salt Lake. From there the highway returned to Green River via what is now numbered State Route 201, U.S. Route 89 and U.S. Route 6.
Second iteration.
The second iteration has its origins with the formation of US-6. In 1937, US-6 was extended west from its former terminus at Greeley, Colorado to Long Beach, California. In eastern Utah the route used the existing alignment of US-50. However, in western Utah the route used an unpaved road through Delta reconnecting with US-50 in Ely. By 1954, this route was fully paved and US-50 was moved to this shorter alignment. With this change US-6/50 ran concurrent from Ely to Grand Junction, Colorado.
The paved version did not exactly follow the unpaved roads. The dirt route passed through the numerous mountain ranges of the great basin with the most difficult being Marjum Canyon. The route was relocated to follow the north shore of Sevier Lake, which reduced the number of mountain ranges crossed. Although US-50 was moved to yet another alignment, this route remains US-6 today.
Third iteration.
The modern route of US-50 was created in 1976. This iteration of US-50 has its origins in a dispute over the route of Interstate 70 in Utah. While I-70 was in the planning stage Colorado lobbied for an extension of the original proposal to run across Colorado and into Utah. Utah supported an extension using then US-6/50 to connect Denver, Colorado with Salt Lake City. However, federal planners did not see value in this route and instead supported a route that could be used to connect Denver with Los Angeles, California. I-70 was built using the federally selected route. In 1976, US-50 was changed again to a routing mostly concurrent with I-70. The portion of modern US-50 between Delta and Scipio had been previously numbered State Route 26, and the portion between Scipio and Salina had been numbered State Route 63, with the SR-63 portion being transferred to SR-26 in 1971.
East of Green River I-70 closely follows the original route of US-50, with some minor straightening by Crescent Junction, Cisco, and Westwater.

</doc>
<doc id="5950855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950855" title="Paul Wesley">
Paul Wesley

Paul Wesley (born Paul Wasilewski; July 23, 1982) is a Polish-American actor, director, and former model best known for his roles as Stefan Salvatore in The CW television drama "The Vampire Diaries" and as Aaron Corbett in the ABC Family miniseries "Fallen".
Early life.
Wesley was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to Polish parents Thomas and Agnieszka Wasilewski, and grew up in Marlboro Township, New Jersey. He has one older sister, Monika, and two younger sisters, Julia and Leah. In addition to English, he also knows Polish, having spent four months every year in Poland until the age of 16.
Wesley attended Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft, New Jersey and Marlboro High School for a period during his high school years. During his junior year in high school, Wesley was cast in the soap opera "Guiding Light" as character Max Nickerson. He transferred from Marlboro High School to Lakewood Prep School in Howell, New Jersey because the school was able to accommodate his acting schedule. He graduated from there in 2000 and then started college at Rutgers University in New Jersey but left after one semester with his parents' support when more roles were offered to him, and he realized he could make a career out of acting.
Career.
In 2005, he began to credit himself as Paul Wesley. When asked why he changed his professional name to Paul Wesley, he replied, "My birthname is too hard to pronounce! I asked my family's permission to change it, and it really helped my career."
He has had a number of roles on shows such as "24", "8 Simple Rules", "American Dreams", "Army Wives", "Cane", "Everwood", "Guiding Light", "Smallville", "The O.C." and "Wolf Lake". He also starred opposite Amber Tamblyn in CBS' "The Russell Girl" and had the lead role in the miniseries "Fallen".
He also had a role in "Roll Bounce" starring Bow Wow. 
Wesley is currently starring as vampire Stefan Salvatore in "The Vampire Diaries" which premiered in September 2009 on The CW. In the series, he plays a younger brother to Damon Salvatore (played by Ian Somerhalder) as well as the love interest of a 17 year old girl named Elena Gilbert (played by Nina Dobrev). His ex-wife, Torrey Devitto, worked alongside him in "The Vampire Diaries" as Meredith Fell, a doctor in Mystic Falls, in the third season of the show. He has also portrayed Silas in Seasons 4 and 5 as well as Stefan's doppelganger Tom Avery in Season 5.. In May 2011, he joined the cast of "The Baytown Outlaws".
Personal life.
Wesley met and began dating actress Torrey DeVitto in 2007 when they acted together in "Killer Movie". They married in a private ceremony in New York City in April 2011. In July 2013, it was reported that they had filed for divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="5950856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950856" title="Popoli">
Popoli

Popoli is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
History.
Its Latin name was Castrum Properi (Waystation Fortress), which name was recorded as early as 1016 as the property of Girardo, son of Roccone. The castle above the town was built between 1000 and 1015 for Tidolfo, Bishop of Valva.
Popoli was bombarded twice during World War II by the British Air Force. On 20 January 1944, the most important bridge in the region, the "Julius Caesar" bridge connecting Rome with Pescara, was destroyed. On 22 March 1944 at noon the city center and city hall were destroyed by substantial bombing by the British. Unfortunately, it was a day that rations were being distributed to town at the city hall, and there were long lines of women and children, many of whom were killed or wounded. The day is still remembered with sorrow by the town's inhabitants.
Honors.
Following World War II, the Italian Republic awarded the town of Popoli with the "Silver Medal of Civil Merit" (Medaglia d'argento al merito civile)
"Crucial center, occupied by German troops the day after the armistice, was subjected to repeated and violent bombardments which caused the deaths of ninety-one civilians and the destruction of nearly all of the public property. The whole population knew how to react, with dignity and courage, to the horrors of war and to face, with the return of peace, the difficult works of moral and material reconstruction."
-- Popoli (PE), 1943–1944
Main sights.
The town and the surrounding area have several objects of interest: 
Festivals.
The main festivity is in August. The historical parade with people dressed in costume is held in celebration of historical event of the city (1495). The parade is followed by a fair, called "Certamen de la Balestra". Strength and ability are necessary for the knight to win the Certamen or the grand prize.
Notable natives.
General Corradino D'Ascanio
External links.
<br clear=All>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950864" title="San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore">
San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore

San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore is a mountain hill town in the province of Pescara, part of the Abruzzo region in central Italy.
The town's name comes from St. Valentine and that of the old province in which the town was located, "Abruzzo Citeriore".
Overview.
Nestled in the Apennines, less than from the Adriatic coast, the medieval town lies on the northern edge of the Parco Nazionale della Majella. One of San Valentino's most important architectural landmarks is Castello Farnese.
Little known by tourists, San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore with its narrow, streets and stone buildings and fountains fed by mountain streams provides a glimpse of Abruzzo's past.
In mid-November, the town hosts the Festival of the Cuckolds ("Festa dei Cornuti"), a parade honoring or deriding (depending on one's perspective) men with adulterous wives.
Geography.
The municipality of San Valentino in A.C. covers a wide area parallel to the Orta river, from south to north, perpendicular to the Pescara river. The altitude of the territory is between 200 and 650 meters. The town center is located at an altitude of 450 meters in a privileged location overlooking the Pescara river valley and the Adriatic Sea to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5950876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950876" title="Sant'Eufemia a Maiella">
Sant'Eufemia a Maiella

Sant'Eufemia a Maiella is a town and "comune" in the province of Pescara, Abruzzo, central Italy. It is located in the Maiella National Park in a valley enclosed by the western slopes of the Majella massif, and the northeastern slopes of the Morrone group.
History.
Originally the town of Sant'Eufemia was known as Santa Femi. In the 14th century the town was renamed Santa Fumia and retained that name until 1863 when, by decree of King Victor Emmanuel II, it was named Sant'Eufemia a Maiella.
Until the 19th century Sant'Eufemia a Maiella was part of the Caramanico Terme. Then in 1064 Count Berardo gave the church of Sant'Eufemia and surrounding land at Caramanico to the Abbey of San Clemente a Casauria which retained possession of the town until 1145. In 1145, the area became the possession of Boemondo, who was the Count of Manoppello at the time. Eventually, in 1301 ownership was passed on to the Ughelli family and then to Giacomo Arcucci, the Count of Minervino. Upon the death of Giacomo Arcucci in 1389, it became the property of the D'Aquino family.
Main sights.
<BR clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950880" title="Scafa">
Scafa

Scafa is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950884" title="Serramonacesca">
Serramonacesca

Serramonacesca is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
The main point of interest is the medieval Abbey of San Liberatore a Maiella.
External links.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950890" title="Elmira Maple Syrup Festival">
Elmira Maple Syrup Festival

The Elmira Maple Syrup Festival is an annual festival held in Elmira, Ontario, Canada.
The yearly festival began on April 10, 1965. Organizers anticipated 2,500 attendees, but instead it drew a crowd of 10,000 visitors, thus ensuring its continuation. It continued to grow as an annual tradition in subsequent years, peaking in popularity with 66,529 visitors in 2000, making it the world's largest single day maple syrup festival according to the Guinness Book of World Records. Volunteers from the Canadian Automobile Association counted people entering Elmira by car that year. The festival regularly attracts visitors from around the world, including Australia, Europe, Mexico, the United States, and the rest of Canada.
Also in 2000, the Festival served its 500,000th pancake. Pancakes, apple fritters, homemade toffee (weather permitting), log sawing competitions, arts and crafts (notably quilts made by local Mennonites), sugar bush tours by tractor wagon and other attractions are among the festivities. Large quantities of maple syrup is also sold. The town's main street, Arthur Street, is closed to automobile traffic for the day, where vendors set up booths to sell souvenirs and other items. It is organized by a board and run by approximately 2,000 volunteers each year.

</doc>
<doc id="5950891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950891" title="Spoltore">
Spoltore

Spoltore is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy, with a population of c. 17,000.
<br clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950897" title="12 Gold Bars">
12 Gold Bars

12 Gold Bars is a 1980 compilation album by English rockers Status Quo. It achieved number 3 in the UK charts and remained in the charts for 48 weeks. This was longer than any other Quo album. 
All the songs featured on the album were hit singles during the period 1972–1979.
It was followed up by "12 Gold Bars Vol. 2" in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5950898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950898" title="Alastair Bressington">
Alastair Bressington

Alastair Nigel Bressington (born 28 November 1979) is a former English cricketer and rugby union player. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. Bressington was born in Bristol, and he was educated at University of Wales Institute, Cardiff.
Cricket career.
Bressington played for Gloucestershire between 2000 and 2004, participating extensively in Minor Counties trophy and Second XI Championship matches for the team from 1998 to 2004, and playing in the Second XI trophy, making several appearances in the group stages of the competition between 1999 and 2004.
Bressington also participated in nine first-class and nine List A matches for the county, averaging 41.66 and 24.00 with the bat and 34.35 and 37.50 with the ball respectively.
In August 2004 Bressington was called up as twelfth man for England. Upon Graham Thorpe breaking his finger, he was called upon to field for 74 overs and even caught West Indian wicket-keeper Carlton Baugh off the bowling of Steve Harmison.
Rugby union career.
Bressington was released from Gloucestershire in 2004, whereupon he decided to concentrate more on rugby union. He joined Stourbridge RFC, where his brother Nathan had played the season before on loan and had eclipsed the club's record for most tries in a season. In the 2006-07 season, Alastair surpassed his sibling's record of seventeen tries in one season with nineteen of his own.
Bressington also has the distinction of scoring the most points for Stourbridge in a single game, beating his own record of 31 with 35 against Westcombe Park on 25 October 2008. He is currently second on the club's list of all-time league points scorers, behind Ben Harvey.
Despite having played most of his rugby union career on the right-wing, Bressington is equally adept at full-back which he increasingly proved at Stourton Park over the past few seasons. With a strike-rate of 78%, he was Stourbridge's first-choice goalkicker also.
In August 2009, he signed for Stourbridge's National League One rivals Cinderford.
Bressington currently teaches at The King's School, Gloucester, where he is responsible for organising hockey and, unsurprisingly, cricket and rugby union.
Bressington now coaches the Painswick RFC 1st XV squad in Stroud, Gloucestershire.
Family.
Alistair's brother Nathan Bressington played List-A cricket for the Gloucestershire Cricket Board, where he played in the same team as Nathan in two of his appearances for the board.

</doc>
<doc id="5950905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950905" title="Tocco da Casauria">
Tocco da Casauria

Tocco da Casauria is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
The centre was known for centuries as simply Tocco, and the name "da Casauria" was added only after 1861. It rises on a hill between the Pescara river and the Arolle, a small stream, against the background of the Maiella. Here Centerba is produced, a highly alcoholic mixture of Maiella herbs which is said to have healthy effects on metabolism.
History.
In nearby Vasto an inscription of the 2nd century BC was found, along with other remains from the Roman empire, which prove there was a Roman settlement in this strategic position between the Gole di Popoli and the valley of the Pescara river. The castle rose in the early 11th century, as shown by a record in the Chronicon Casauriensis: Gerardo di Rocco, lord of Popoli, had in location from the powerful Monastery of Casauria lands and farms in the area, and his descendants decided to come into full possession building there a castle. Then there was a succession of feudal Lords: Boemondo di Tarsia from Manoppello, the De Plesciaco family from Provence, the de Tortis, Caracciolo, d'Afflitto and Pinelli families. Terrible earthquakes in 1456 and 1706 caused serious damage to the historical centre.
Notable natives.
Mario Lanza, whose mother was born in Tocco da Casauria
Francesco Paolo Michetti
Henry Salvatori
Events and festivities.
19 September: Feast of Sant'Eustachio
External links.
http://www.comune.toccodacasauria.pe.it/
http://www.abruzzocitta.it/english/comuni/toccodacasauria.htmlAbruzzocitta Tocco da Casauria

</doc>
<doc id="5950910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950910" title="Torre de' Passeri">
Torre de' Passeri

Torre de'Passeri is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5950915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950915" title="Turrivalignani">
Turrivalignani

Turrivalignani is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5950921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950921" title="Atlantic High School">
Atlantic High School

Atlantic High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5950923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950923" title="Vicoli">
Vicoli

Vicoli is a "comune" and town in the Province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy from the provincial capital of Pescara.

</doc>
<doc id="5950927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950927" title="Villa Celiera">
Villa Celiera

Villa Celiera is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.
The economy is based on agriculture (potatoes, cereals) and animal husbandry.
The town mayor is Oreste Perrotti. 
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5950935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950935" title="Just Supposin'">
Just Supposin'

Just Supposin' is the thirteenth album by Status Quo. Co-produced by the group and John Eden, it was recorded at Windmill Lane Studios, Dublin. Released in October 1980, it entered the UK albums chart at number 4.
Three tracks were issued as singles the same year, "What You're Proposing", and a double A-side, "Lies"/"Don't Drive My Car". At the end of 1981 an edited version of another track, the uncharacteristic ballad "Rock 'n' Roll", appeared as a single after the release of Quo's subsequent album "Never Too Late". It was a prolific recording session, which included enough material for "Never Too Late", released only five months later.
"Over the Edge" was co-written by bass player Alan Lancaster and Keith Lamb, lead singer of British bands The Case, Sleepy Talk and Mr. Toad, and founder and lead singer of Australia's successful glam rock band Hush.
Reception.
In their retrospective review, Allmusic mostly praised the album's set of songs, commenting that they "married the expected boogie to a new wave quirkiness that was straight out of the year's hippest fashion guides. It works, as well – for the most part, anyway."

</doc>
<doc id="5950942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950942" title="Atheris ceratophora">
Atheris ceratophora

Atheris ceratophora is a venomous viper species endemic to a few mountain ranges in Tanzania. This used to be the only horned, arboreal viper known from Africa, until the discovery in 2011 of "Atheris matildae", also found in Tanzania. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
It grows to a maximum total length (body + tail) of . Females are slightly larger than males. The maximum total length for a male is reported to be , the tail of which measured . 
Easily recognized by a set of 3-5 horn-like superciliary scales above each eye. The rostral scale is more than twice as broad as high. There are 9 upper labials. The first 3 lower labials on each side are in contact with the one pair of chin shields.
Midbody, the dorsal scales number 21-25. The ventral scale count is 142-152. There are 41-56 subcaudals.
The color pattern consists of a yellowish-green, olive, gray or black ground color. This may or may not be overlaid by variable markings, sometimes in the form of irregular black spots or cross-bars that may be lined with yellow or white spots. The belly is dirty orange to almost black in color, sometimes with dark spots.
Common names.
Usambara bush viper, horned bush viper, eyelash bush viper, Usambara mountain bush viper, horned tree viper, Usambara tree viper.
Geographic range.
It is found in the Usambara and Uzungwe Mountains in Tanzania. It is probably also found in the Uluguru Mountains.
The type locality is "Usambara" Mountains . 
Habitat.
Found in grass and low bushes about above the ground in woodlands and forests at altitudes of 700-2,000 m (2,300-6,500 ft).
Behavior.
Like other "Atheris" species, it is probably active mainly at night, or at dawn or dusk.

</doc>
<doc id="5950987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950987" title="Moritz von Bissing">
Moritz von Bissing

Moritz Ferdinand Freiherr von Bissing (30 January 1844 – 18 April 1917) was a Prussian General.
Early life.
Bissing was born at Ober Bellmannsdorf in the Province of Silesia. He was the son of Moritz von Bissing, a member of the landed gentry who was known to speak up his mid to the Kaiser. In 1865 Bissing entered the Prussian Army as a Lieutenant in the cavalry, and he took part in the Austro-Prussian War and the Franco-Prussian War. He raised steadily through the ranks and in 1887 the young Major became Aide-de-camp to the crown prince and later Emperor Wilhelm II. He served in the guard cavalry until 1897 when he took over command of the 29th Infantry Division. From 1901 to 1907 von Bissing commanded the VII Army Corps in Münster. Being promoted to General der Kavallerie in 1902 he retired from the army in 1908. During his retirement, he participated in the 1912 Wimbledon Championships, losing in the 2nd round.
World War I.
Upon the outbreak of the war, von Bissing was recalled to active duty as deputy commander of the VII Army Corps from August 1914 until November 1914. After the fall of Belgium during the First World War, Bissing was promoted to Generaloberst and appointed governor-general of occupied Belgium, serving from December 1914 until his death near Brussels. He signed the warrant for the execution of Edith Cavell.
As governor-general von Bissing executed the German Flamenpolitik during which he netherlandized the Ghent University
as the first solely Dutch-speaking university. As German Chancellor Bethmann-Hollweg encouraged Flemish nationalist leaders to declare independence and to integrate into the German sphere, Von Bissing convened a commission to organise the division Belgium, and in a decree issed on 21 March 1917, separated Belgium into two administrative areas: Flanders and Wallonia.
Taking into account the 1912 decision by Walloon nationalists to recognize Namur as the most central city of Wallonia, he established the Walloon administration there. Wallonia then consisted of four southern Belgian provinces and one part of the province of Brabant: the district of Nivelles, realizing also another revendication of the Walloon movement: the creation of the Walloon Brabant. The Flemish region had Brussels as its capital, and was made up of the four northern provinces of Belgium, as well as the districts of Brussels and Leuven. This was the first attempt at dividing Belgium along linguistic lines.
A chronic lung ailment forced him to give up his position in April 1917, and he succumbed to his illness the following week on April 18. He is buried at the Invalidenfriedhof in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="5950988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950988" title="Nakharar">
Nakharar

Nakharar ( "naxarar", from Parthian "naxvadār" "holder of the primacy") was a hereditary title of the highest order given to houses of the ancient and medieval Armenian nobility.
Nakharar system.
Medieval Armenia was divided into large estates, which were the property of an enlarged noble family and were ruled by a member of it, to whom the title of "Nahapet" "chief of the family" or tanuter "master of the house" was given. Other members of a Nakharar family in their turn ruled over smaller portions of the family estate. Nakharars with greater authority were recognized as ishkhans (princes). 
This system has often been labeled as feudal for practical purposes; however, there are differences between this system and the feudal system later adopted in Western Europe. The estate as a whole was actually ruled by a single person, it was nonetheless considered the property of his whole enlarged family, so that, if the ruler died heirless, he was succeeded by a member of a different branch of the family. Furthermore, it was allowed to alienate a part of the family estate only to another member of the family or by permission of the whole enlarged family. This may also explain why Armenian feudal families were normally endogamic, in order not to scatter parts of their property, as would have happened if they had to give a part of their property to another family as dowry. It must also be noted that endogamic marriages had a religious reason too, particularly before Christianity, because Armenian paganism favored marriages between relatives very highly. 
Each nakharar had his own army, depending on his domain. The national force or "Royal cavalry" was under the Sparapet, a "Commander in Chief" who presided over the whole of the nation. Schools and courts were all run by the Armenian clergy. 
In 4th century Armenia, as in Parthia, large estates were hereditarily possessed by noble families and actually ruled by a member of them. The whole enlarged family was devoted to the worship of the same ancestors, lived in small fortified villages and spent most part of their time in hunting and in banqueting. Furthermore, each nakharar family had a particular social function: in Armenia a member of the Arshakuni family was chosen as king, who was consequently a sort of primus inter pares; among the Mamikoneans the chief general of the army (sparapet) was chosen, one of the Bagratunis was the chivalry chief (aspet or knight) and king crowner (tagadir), and so on. 
History of the Nakharars.
The origin of the Nakharars seems to stretch back to pagan Armenia, who coexisted with the Roman and Parthian Empire, and they are mentioned to have pillaged many pagan temples when Armenia's conversion to Christianity began under Tiridates III.
The Nakharars survived the fall of the Arshakuni dynasty and the subsequent placement of the Marzban Governor-Generals by Sassanid king, and allowed a great deal of autonomy for the vassal state, up until the attempted conversion of Armenia to Zoroastrianism by Yazdegerd II, in which Vartan Mamikonian led a rebellion, and through the Battle of Vartanantz convinced the Persians that conversion would come at to high a price, eventually leading to the Nvarsak Treaty.
In western Armenia under Byzantine rule, Justinian's reform removed the martial role of the nakharars, as well as attempting to annex estates from Armenian nobles. The nakharars, angered at their restriction in power, began a full-scale insurrection that had to he quelled through swift military intervention, eventually sparking war with the Sassanids. 
Though weakened by numerous invasions and the legal reforms of Kings, the nakharar structure remained virtually unchanged for many centuries and was finally eliminated during the Mongol invasions in the thirteenth century. Certain aspects of the nakharar system remained intact in Armenia until the early 20th century, when the noble class was altogether abolished by the Bolsheviks.

</doc>
<doc id="5950993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5950993" title="Melody Patterson">
Melody Patterson

Melody Patterson (born April 16, 1949, in Inglewood, California) is an American actress best known for her role as Wrangler Jane in the 1960s TV series "F Troop". She was 16 years old when she first appeared on the show. 
Since the 1967 cancellation of "F Troop", Patterson has worked in television, radio and the theater, and entertained troops in Vietnam.
Personal life.
Melody was married to the actor James MacArthur who is best known for the role of Dan "Danno" Williams in the TV series "Hawaii Five-O". During their marriage, she had to put her career aside to move to Honolulu, Hawaii. During the next seven years she appeared in many episodes of "Hawaii Five-O", and started modeling and making commercials. While living in Hawaii she found herself again on the stage in the Herb Rogers production of "Butterflies Are Free", with Barbara Rush and Dirk Benedict. After that she appeared in other plays such as "House of Blue Leaves", for the University of Hawaii, and played the part of Peggy in "The Front Page" written by Charles MacArthur, and directed by her husband James MacArthur. Before leaving Hawaii, she played the title role in the Strindberg classic, "Miss Julie", for the Honolulu Performing Arts Company.

</doc>
<doc id="5951000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951000" title="Sack of Rome (455)">
Sack of Rome (455)

The sack of 455 was the second of three sacks of Rome; it was conducted by the Vandals, who were then at war with the usurping Western Roman Emperor Petronius Maximus. 
In the 440s, the Vandal king Genseric and the Roman Emperor Valentinian III, had betrothed their children, Huneric and Eudocia, to strengthen their alliance, reached in 442 with a peace treaty (the marriage was delayed as Eudocia was too young). In 455 Valentinian was killed, and Petronius Maximus rose to the throne. Petronius married Valentinian's widow, Licinia Eudoxia, and had his son Palladius marry Eudocia; in this way Petronius was to strengthen his bond with the Theodosian dynasty. This move, however, damaged Genseric's ambitions. The king of the Vandals claimed that the broken betrothal between Huneric and Eudocia was an invalidation of his peace treaty with Valentinian, and set sail to attack Rome.
Upon the Vandal arrival, according to the chronicler Prosper of Aquitaine, Pope Leo I requested that Genseric not destroy the ancient city nor murder its inhabitants. Genseric agreed and the gates of Rome were thrown open to him and his men. Maximus, who fled rather than fight the Vandal warlord, was killed by a Roman mob outside the city, possibly together with his son Palladius.
It is accepted that Genseric looted great amounts of treasure from the city, damaging objects of cultural significance such as the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus by stripping away the gilt bronze roof tiles (hence the modern term vandalism ), and also took Licinia Eudoxia and her daughters hostage. Eudocia later married Huneric. There is, however, some debate over the severity of the Vandal sack. The sack of 455 is generally seen as being more thorough than the Visigothic sack of 410, because the Vandals plundered Rome for fourteen days whereas the Visigoths spent only three days in the city.
The cause of most controversy, however, is the claim that the sack was relatively "clean", in that there was little murder and violence, and the Vandals did not burn the buildings of the city. This interpretation seems to stem from Prosper's claim that Leo managed to persuade Genseric to refrain from violence. However, Victor of Vita records how many shiploads of captives arrived in Africa from Rome, with the purpose of being sold into slavery. Similarly, the Byzantine historian Procopius reports that at least one church was burnt down.

</doc>
<doc id="5951014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951014" title="Astreal">
Astreal

Astreal are an indie rock band, most often associated with the genres of post rock, shoegazing, and noise pop.
The band formed in Singapore in 1996, although some date their origins to 1992 with their first incarnation as Breed. They are known for their incendiary live performances, as well as for being one of Singapore's first indie rock bands fronted by a female vocalist. Although they cite My Bloody Valentine, Slowdive, and Curve as influences, it is also known that past and current members have interests in industrial rock, death metal, black metal, electronica, and Japanese rock.
The current members are Ginette Chittick (bass/vocals), Muhammad Alkhatib (guitars), Joseph Chian (drums) and Jason Ang (keyboards/synths).
History.
The original Astreal line-up were formerly known as Breed, consisting of members Pagit Yong (vocals), Muhammad Alkhatib (guitars), William de Silva (bass), and Alwyn Lim (drums). Formed in 1992 among junior college friends, it is rumored that their initial name was derived from the Godflesh track 'Like Rats'. They recorded two rare cassette EPs, "Dive Gemma" and "Chlorine Explosion", during this period. Pagit left the band in 1994. The remaining core of the band consisting of Alkhatib, William, and Alwyn would remain consistent until 2002. 
With the departure of their vocalist, the remaining members recruited Melissa Lim as their vocalist and decided on a new band name, 'Astreal'. This line-up recorded the album "Ouijablush" which was released by Pony Canyon's Singapore subsidiary. Melissa left the band in 1999.
Astreal's search for a new vocalist ended soon after with the recruitment of Ginette Chittick, a bass player formerly with female punk rockers PsychoSonique. With Ginette handling vocal and bass duties, William switched to the guitar and became notorious for his use of multiple effects gadgets, creating coruscating sheets of noise at live performances. During this period, Astreal's signature sound would take a darker-sounding orientation due to the new direction of the band's sonic template. It was also this period where the band wrote several of the songs, including 'Projektion', 'Wallflower', and 'Losing You', that would go into the making of their second album. William left the band in 2003 due to musical differences.
With William's departure, the band recruited Nick Chan as a second guitarist and producer to continue writing and performing. Alwyn left the band in 2003 to pursue a doctorate in sociology. Reduan Hussin was added soon after as a replacement drummer and the band got down to writing This is Dormant, Lover and the Sea, Ceremony and With Child. The band released their second album, "Fragments Of The Same Dead Star" in 2006 on Wallwork Records, distributed by EMI. 
Nick Chan and the band then parted ways at the end of 2006. The band went on to be nominated for the Street Style Awards at the end of '06 and played several well received shows, Lime Sonic Bang, ZoukOut, Crossborders Kuala Lumpur and Explore Singapore as a three piece.
After remaining under the radar for several months in the early part of 2007, Astreal performed their first solo show 'Lover and the Sea' at the Recital Studio Esplanade. The show saw the introduction of Jason Ang as keyboardist and fourth member of the band. The title of the show is said to symoblise new beginnings.
Juice magazine named Astreal the best band of 2007.
On Thursday March 12 2009, Astreal played on Channel 5's 'Live n Loaded.'

</doc>
<doc id="5951022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951022" title="Religion in the Dominican Republic">
Religion in the Dominican Republic

The many kinds of religion in the Dominican Republic have been growing and changing. Historically, Catholicism dominated the religious practices of the small country. In modern times Protestant and non-Christian groups, like Jews and Muslims, have experienced a population boom.
Roman Catholicism.
The most professed denomination by far is Roman Catholicism. There are an estimated 7.6 million baptised Catholics in the Dominican Republic, (78% of the population), in 11 territorial dioceses and one military ordinariate, served by 800 priests.
Protestantism and other Christian religions.
Morgan Foley was the leader of Protestantism for women in the 1800s. During the 1820s, Protestants migrated to the Dominican Republic from the United States. West Indian Protestants arrived on the island late nineteenth and the early twentieth centuries, and by the 1920s, several Protestant organizations were established all throughout the country, which added diversity to the religious representation in the Dominican Republic. Many of the Protestant groups in DR had connections with organizations in United States including Evangelical groups like Assemblies of God, Dominican Evangelical Church, and the Seventh-day Adventist Church. These groups dominated the Protestant movement in the earlier part of the 20th century, but in the 1960s and 1970s Pentecostal churches saw the most growth. Protestant denominations active in the Dominican Republic now include:
Other religions include The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and Jehovah's Witnesses who have had a growing presence in the country.
Missionaries from the Episcopal Church, the LDS Church, the Jehovah's Witnesses, the Seventh-day Adventist church, and various Mennonite churches also travel to the island. Jehovah's Witnesses, specifically, have been known to be migrating (more so during the last decade) to the Dominican Republic where they feel there is a great need for evangelizing their faith.
Afro-Caribbean religions.
The Dominican Republic, being a nation full of African heritage was able to preserve some African religions, and aspects of them. A lot of the Afro-Caribbean religions in the country are syncretized with Catholicism, but not all to the same extent. Some may only use the image of saints but be completely Africanized in every other aspects. While some may be fully Christian with some African aspects.
21 Divisiones or Dominican Vodou.
Dominican Vodou is composed of three divisions, the Indian Division, which refers to Taino entities, the Black Division, whose entities are of African origin, and the White Division, whose entities are of European origin. The Indian Division is one of the main features that distinguishes 21 Divisiones from other forms of Vodou. Dominican Vodou uses a different percussion, a lot of times it is played with Atabales or "Tambore de Palo", which are of Kongo origin; along with it a Guira (Scraper) is usually used. The drums are known as Palos and the drummers as Paleros, and when a ceremony in which they are at is usually referred to as a Fiesta de Palo. Dominican Vodou is practiced through a Tcha Tcha lineage (“maraca” – which means rattle – lineage). In Haiti, Vodou has come about and become more popular through another lineage known as the Asson. However, before the Asson, the Tcha Tcha lineage was the prominent lineage in Haiti. Thus the Tcha Tcha lineage is one of the oldest lineages within the Vodou tradition. Las 21 Divisiones is less strict than the Haitian Vodou tradition. There is less regleman (Fixed Doctrine or Rule within the Haitian Vodou Tradition). There is no fixed doctrine, defined temples or ceremonies. It doesn’t have as rigid a structure. This can be seen in the many different ways in which Caballos de Misterios conduct ceremonies and how the spirits mount a person. Dominican Vodou practitioners are often called “Caballos” but they are also known as Papa Bokos and Papa Lwa (both for males) and Mama Mambos and Mama Lwa (both for females). One who has obtained this title has gone through the last and highest level of initiation that can take anywhere between 3 to 9 days and nights as well as have spent a time working for the community.
Haitian Voodoo.
Is also practice on the island. Haitian vodou is very much influenced by religions from Benin, and to compliment it also influenced by the Kongo religions, the Yoruba, Roman Catholicism and a bit by the Tainos. It is very widely practice in many bateyes (sugar cane communities) all around the country and large Haitian communities along the border.
Congos Del Espiritu Santo.
This is probably one of the most Africanized forms of Christianity that exist on the island. It is not as pure African as Vodou, or Cuban Santeria, but it is very easy to spot African influences in every aspect, one just has to notice the name starts with "Congos". For one thing the Kongo deity Kalunga is syncretized with the Holy Spirit. It is said that the holy spirit appeared to the locals of Villa Mella, Mata los Indios with all the instruments of the religion. Which include two drums, one called the Palo Major and the other one often called Alcahuete. A canoita, a clave like instrument made out of wood, and along with it Maracas. They often play their music during burial ceremonies, which is undeniably a very African tradition, specifically from the Congo/Angola/Zaire region today, previously known as the kingdom of Kongo.
Others.
Dominican Protestants undoubtedly have African aspects in their religion. Specially Pentecostals in the country. This can be seen usually in the instruments used in many churches. For example it is not uncommon to find handmade or imported drums; some of which include Balsie's, Congas, Bongos and Panderos(Tambourines). Taino influence can be seeing as well in the use of Guiras to accompany the music. Superficially Pentecostals can cluster very close with more Africanized religions such as Vodou, Candomble, Santeria. Although many of the beliefs are very distinct, the form of worship may be hard to distinguish for onlookers. Because in all of these religions there is spiritual possession, in the case of Pentecostals the Holy spirit, and sometimes lots of shouting and glossolalia(speaking in tongues), which is universal in the others as well.
Buddhism.
Buddhism was brought to the Dominican Republic by Japanese immigrants who came in the 1960s. Two men, Kurato Kimura and Jun’ichi Nishio started the first Buddhist activities in the Dominican Republic. Most practice the Mahayana style, with Zen and Nichiren centers in various areas of the country.
Other religions.
Islam and Judaism are both showing a great deal of development in the Dominican Republic with the recent completion of mosques in the cities of San Pedro de Marcorix and Santo Domingo. A Jewish synagogue also exists in Santo Domingo.

</doc>
<doc id="5951028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951028" title="Evie (disambiguation)">
Evie (disambiguation)

Evie is a parish on The Mainland, Orkney, Scotland.
Evie may also refer to:
People with the given name Evie:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5951032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951032" title="Back to Back (Status Quo album)">
Back to Back (Status Quo album)

Back To Back is the sixteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo and released in November 1983. For the first time in the group's history, it featured four singles, "Ol' Rag Blues" (highest position No. 9), "A Mess of Blues", originally a hit for Elvis Presley (No. 15), "Marguerita Time" (No. 3), and "Going Down Town Tonight" (which reached No. 20 in a different, re-recorded version to the album version.) The album entered the UK chart at its highest position of No. 9.
It was the last recorded before the group temporarily disbanded in 1985 and therefore the last to feature original bass guitarist Alan Lancaster and drummer Pete Kircher. Lancaster co-wrote the first single, "Ol' Rag Blues", with Keith Lamb (musician), lead singer of British bands The Kase, Sleepy Talk and Mr. Toad, and founder and lead singer of Australia's successful glam rock band Hush. Lancaster was angered when the production company declined to release the version featuring his lead vocal (which has since been made available as a bonus track on the 2005 remastered reissue), in preference to that featuring the voice of Francis Rossi. He also made no secret of his dislike of "Marguerita Time", which he thought was too pop-orientated for the group. When they appeared on BBC's Top of the Pops to mime to the single, his place was taken by Jim Lea of Slade, who were also on the programme that week. That Top of the Pops appearance was also notable for Rick Parfitt falling into Pete Kircher's drum set near the end of the song while the song kept playing. On the DVD "Hello Quo", Parfitt claims that he had planned this action, although many people thought he was drunk. On the same DVD, Alan Lancaster also said that he wasn't so concerned with "Marguerita Time" as he was with "Going Down Town Tonight", which - according to him - was not a Status Quo recording and featured no Status Quo musicians apart from Francis Rossi.

</doc>
<doc id="5951033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951033" title="Giovanni Balducci">
Giovanni Balducci

Giovanni Balducci, called Il Cosci after his maternal uncle, (c. 1560 — after 1630) was an Italian mannerist painter.
Biography.
He was born in Florence, he was trained by Giovanni Battista Naldini. He worked under the guidance and supervision of Vasari and under and with Federico Zuccari, on the massive, yet generally uninspired, fresco of the "Final Judgement" (1575–1579), on the inside of the Brunelleschi dome of the Duomo in Florence. He also frescoed a "Last Supper" in the church. These paintings, in addition to other transient ornamented arches and banners, were part of decorations developed to celebrate the wedding of Ferdinand I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany to Christina of Lorraine. During this time, Balducci also painted an altarpiece of the "Mystical Marriage of St Catherine" for the church of Sant'Agostino in San Gimignano.
From 1577-1580, he aided Naldini in the fresco decoration of the Altoviti Chapel in the church of Trinità dei Monti in Rome. He returned to Florence, to assist Alessandro Allori in the also uninspired decoration of Vasari's Gallery for the Uffizi. Under the patronage of Cardinal Alessandro de' Medici, who later became the short-lived Pope Leo XI, Balducci was engaged from 1588-1590, in painting a cycle of frescoes depicting scenes from the "Life of Christ" for the Oratorio di Gesù Pellegrino, located in Via San Gallo of Florence.
From 1590-1591, he worked with Naldini in the decoration of Volterra Cathedral, painting a "Miracle of Loaves and Fish" For the Serguidi Chapel. By 1600, Balducci had moved to Naples where he painted altarpieces of "St Dominic dispense the Rosary" and "St Peter Martyr" for the church of Santa Maria della Sanità. He painted the "Pardon of Carlo Gesualdo" (1609) now in the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie in Gesualdo in the province of Avellino. He painted a number of frescoes in the cloister of Santa Maria del Carmine. He also frescoed ceilings for the church of the Annunziata in Maddaloni. He died in Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="5951038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951038" title="Kentarō Yano">
Kentarō Yano


</doc>
<doc id="5951042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951042" title="Randy Duncan">
Randy Duncan

Hearst Randolph "Randy" Duncan, Jr. (born March 15, 1937 in Osage, Iowa) is a former American collegiate and Professional Football quarterback. He played college football at the University of Iowa. He played in two Rose Bowls (1957, 1959) and has been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. Duncan played professionally for Canadian Football League's BC Lions and the American Football League's Dallas Texans.
Early years.
Randy Duncan was born to Hearst and Louise Duncan in 1937. Randy moved from Osage to Mason City before finally attending Roosevelt High School in Des Moines, Iowa. Duncan was a highly regarded prospect in both football and basketball. He was a first team all-state guard on the Roosevelt basketball team that lost in the 1954 state championship game. Duncan was a first team all-state quarterback for Roosevelt, leading his high school to an undefeated season and a state title in 1954. His high school football teams only lost two games during Duncan's three years there.
Duncan graduated from high school after the 1954 fall semester, and he was heavily recruited after choosing to play football. He nearly went to Colorado but instead decided to attend the University of Iowa. Duncan has said that the only reason he went to Iowa was because of his friendship with Iowa assistant coach Bump Elliott.
College career.
Randy Duncan's college career got off to a slow start. As a mid-year graduate and due to freshman ineligibility, Duncan had to wait one and a half years to play, joining Iowa in the spring of 1955 but seeing his first action as a sophomore in the fall of 1956. Duncan became very discouraged over being constantly berated by Iowa coach Forest Evashevski and being clobbered in practice by Cal Jones. "Time after time, I was going to quit and transfer to Iowa State," Duncan has said.
But Duncan managed to win the backup quarterback job in 1956, playing behind Ken Ploen. In a non-conference game against Oregon State, Duncan led Iowa to two fourth-quarter touchdowns and a 14-13 win after Ploen was injured. Iowa qualified for the Rose Bowl that season, and the opponent was again Oregon State. Duncan played the second quarter following a Ploen injury and led Iowa to a touchdown in Iowa's 35-19 win in the 1957 Rose Bowl.
Duncan was named the starter and led the team in passing in 1957. He battled snow and sleet to throw a touchdown pass for the only score in Iowa's win over Northwestern, and he missed the end of Iowa's tie with Michigan due to leg cramps. Duncan scored four touchdowns, two passing and two rushing, against Minnesota, and two touchdowns against Notre Dame, one passing and one on an interception return as a defensive back. Iowa went 7-1-1 on the season, and Duncan was named first team All-Big Ten.
As a senior in 1958, Duncan led Iowa to one of its best seasons ever. After a surprising early season tie against Air Force, Iowa won five straight Big Ten games, clinching the Big Ten title as early as it had ever been clinched before. Duncan was terrific, helping Iowa lead the Big Ten in passing and the nation in total offense. He led the nation in completion percentage and passing yardage. His greatest game may have been in Iowa's lone loss in 1958, when he set a Big Ten record with 23 completions in 33 tries for 249 yards in a 38-28 loss to Ohio State. Duncan led Iowa to another Big Ten title and a 38-12 victory in the 1959 Rose Bowl. His lone touchdown pass in the Rose Bowl broke the school record for touchdown passes in a season, which had been held by Nile Kinnick in 1939.
Duncan was named first team All-Big Ten. He was also named the 1958 Big Ten MVP, and he was selected as a consensus first team All-American. He won the Walter Camp Award and finished second in the Heisman Trophy balloting. Duncan is one of seven Iowa players to letter from 1956 through 1958. In that span, Iowa's record was 24-3-2 with two Big Ten titles, three top ten rankings in the final Associated Press poll, and two victories in the Rose Bowl.
Upon being voted Iowa's MVP, Duncan said, "There's nobody that knows any better than I do that this was all made possible by you guys here and the coaching staff behind me. I mean it. Just to be a part of this ball club was all that I really ever wanted."
Professional Football career.
Randy Duncan was drafted by the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League with the first pick of the first round of the 1959 NFL Draft. He never played for the Packers, however. Duncan instead went to the Canadian Football League and signed with the British Columbia Lions. He later explained, "That was Green Bay before Vince Lombardi, and Canada offered a lot more dough."
Duncan played for two years in Canada before signing with the American Football League's Dallas Texans (now the Kansas City Chiefs). He practiced with the Texans during the day and attended Southern Methodist University law school at night. Duncan did not see much playing time for the Texans, and when Texans coach Hank Stram traded for Len Dawson, Duncan retired from football.
After football.
Duncan finished law school at Drake University, and for years, he has operated a successful law practice in Des Moines. Duncan married Paula Mathieson in 1960, and they have three sons: Jed, Matt and Scott. Jed and Matt Duncan played football at Yale University and the University of Iowa, respectively. Two of Randy Duncan's grandsons, Cole and Kyle Duncan, currently play football at Bowdoin College.
Honors.
Duncan was inducted into the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame in 1976 and the College Football Hall of Fame in 1997. In 1999, "Sports Illustrated" selected Randy Duncan as the 28th greatest sports figure in the history of the state of Iowa. Duncan was named honorary captain of the Iowa football team during the Iowa - Maine football game in 2008.
See also.
Other American Football League players

</doc>
<doc id="5951061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951061" title="12 Gold Bars Vol. 2">
12 Gold Bars Vol. 2

12 Gold Bars Vol. 2 is a 1984 compilation album by English rock band Status Quo, released on Vertigo Records on 23 November 1984. It compiles all their UK hit singles from 1980 to 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5951072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951072" title="Joseph Allard">
Joseph Allard

Joseph Allard (December 31, 1910 – May 3, 1991), a native of Lowell, MA, was a professor of saxophone and clarinet at the Juilliard School, the New England Conservatory, the Manhattan School of Music, as well as adjunct positions at many other schools. He succeeded saxophonist/clarinetist Vincent J. Abato at Juilliard and was the saxophone instructor there from the 1956-57 school year until the end of the 1983–84 year. He was the first saxophonist with the NBC staff orchestra in New York City. He played the "Firestone Hour" and "Bell Telephone Hour" on TV and radio, as well as bass clarinet in the NBC Symphony Orchestra under Arturo Toscanini from 1949-54. He played with Red Nichols and the Five Pennies, and for a brief period played with Red Norvo's orchestra.
Among his famous students are Michael Brecker, Eddie Daniels, Bob Berg, Dave Tofani, Dave Liebman, Paul Winter, Victor Morosco, Eric Dolphy, Harvey Pittel, Col Loughnan and Kenneth Radnofsky. Joseph was the coach for the saxophone section in Glenn Miller's Orchestra as well as Benny Goodman's Orchestra.
Joseph studied clarinet under Gaston Hamelin of the Boston Symphony and saxophone under Lyle Bowen.

</doc>
<doc id="5951076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951076" title="Cassiar">
Cassiar

Cassiar is the name of several places:

</doc>
<doc id="5951080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951080" title="The Green Crusade">
The Green Crusade

The Green Crusade is a 1998 book by Charles T. Rubin, a political science professor at Duquesne University, criticizing the environmentalist movement.
"Publishers Weekly" wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="5951083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951083" title="The Second Supper">
The Second Supper

The Second Supper is a web site and newspaper published in La Crosse, Wisconsin. The newspaper is published weekly from its headquarters in Downtown La Crosse.
Originally created as a satirical newspaper, The Second Supper has since 2007 become more focused on local interest stories. Weekly issues include music, new films, cult classics, and book reviews, as well as Q&A's with established and up and coming musicians such as Hanson, Wes Borland, Killdozer, Julien-K, and Freezepop. Local interest stories and editorial columns take up the main share of content, often sticking to a universal theme for the week's issue.
The Second Supper has had its share of controversy. In 2006, the paper published a satirical piece about former United States Vice President Dick Cheney. For the 2007 Oktoberfest issue, the paper's cover featured a gloved hand emerging from water, in reference to La Crosse's history of river drownings.

</doc>
<doc id="5951096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951096" title="Genesis (Heroes)">
Genesis (Heroes)

"Genesis" is the pilot episode of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes". It was directed by David Semel and written by Tim Kring. The episode focuses on several of the main characters discovering their superpowers for the first time, and attempting to find out more about them. Some cast members, including Greg Grunberg and Leonard Roberts, do not appear in this episode, and are introduced later in the season (scenes including Grunberg were originally included in this episode but were cut before it aired).
Synopsis.
Various people around the world discover evidence of real superpowers. Claire Bennet can instantly heal physical injuries to her own body. Isaac Mendez can precognitively paint future events. Hiro Nakamura is able to manipulate time, travel through it, and even teleport. Peter Petrelli has dreams of himself flying in Manhattan. Niki Sanders witnesses a more violent and aggressive personality of herself in mirrors. Mohinder Suresh tries to continue his recently deceased father's work by finding these people.
Plot.
As the series pilot, "Genesis" establishes the stories of most of the main characters, as well as the series' premise. Robert Canning of IGN describes the episode as "short on action", but with "much to look forward to."
The central theme of human evolution, and the potential for superhuman changes, is introduced by the character of Mohinder Suresh, a genetics professor in Madras, India. After receiving news of the death of his father, Chandra Suresh, Mohinder goes to New York to finish Chandra's research, believing it was the reason he was murdered. Mohinder's story also introduces the idea of an underlying conspiracy involving the "heroes". At his father's apartment in India, he hears (but does not see) a mysterious person searching the apartment. The same man later gets into Mohinder's taxi, asking him several suspicious questions before Mohinder flees.
Two storylines in particular reflect a darker perspective on the newfound abilities. Isaac Mendez is a painter and heroin addict in New York City. He claims that he can paint the future, but his girlfriend, Simone Deveaux, believes it is merely the influence of narcotics. Later, following a severe overdose, he paints a mural of a nuclear explosion destroying Manhattan. Niki Sanders, a webcam stripper in Las Vegas, Nevada, discovers her abilities when she and her son Micah are forced to flee from thugs approaching their house. During the escape, Niki believes she sees a reflection that is not her. She leaves Micah with a friend and returns home, where the thugs coerce her into stripping. She blacks out during the performance, awakening some time later to find that they have been savagely killed. Her strange reflection motions for her to keep silent. Both Isaac and Niki find their powers to be "an unwelcome change that they are forced to deal with."
Meanwhile, Hiro Nakamura, an office worker in Tokyo, Japan, discovers he can control the passage of time. Hiro is presented in a lighter, happier manner than the other characters, and as someone who is excited about the changes happening to him. His friend and co-worker, Ando Masahashi, is skeptical, even after Hiro proves it to him by teleporting into the women's restroom at a bar. Hiro believes he is meant for something more, but Ando disagrees. Later, Hiro successfully teleports from a subway in Tokyo to New York City's Times Square.
Other characters include Claire Bennet, a high school cheerleader in Odessa, Texas, who has discovered that she regenerates from any injuries, and has her classmate Zach film her doing such things. She believes that if discovered, life as she knows it would be over. Heading home, they come across a fiery train wreck, from which Claire saves a man, escaping unharmed.
Peter Petrelli's story crosses paths with many of the other characters. A hospice nurse in New York, Peter has recurring dreams of flying. He tells his brother, congressional candidate Nathan Petrelli, that he believes he can fly. Nathan responds by saying that Peter should put his time to better use. Peter tells his mother that he has a metaphysical connection with Nathan, but his mother is skeptical. Simone, who is the daughter of one of Peter's patients, tells him to bring morphine to Isaac's apartment. There, Peter sees a painting of himself flying. At the end of the episode, he summons Nathan to an alley in the middle of the city. Peter leaps off of the roof of an adjacent building attempting to fly, but instead it is Nathan who flies up and catches him, only to lose his grip and drop Peter. Kring credits the direct concept and idea for this last scene to Damon Lindelof, producer of "Lost".
Symbolism and recurring themes.
The episode features a solar eclipse, which would become a recurring element throughout the series. An eclipse forms part of the series' logo, and also occurs in the season one finale, "How to Stop an Exploding Man". As well, an image of the Earth eclipsing the Sun as viewed from an observation point away from the Earth, is used in the series' title sequence.
When the total solar eclipse occurs in "Genesis", it is witnessed directly by Peter, Claire, Hiro, and Niki, as well as indirectly by Isaac. It is implied that the event is seen simultaneously in New York, Texas, Nevada, Japan, and California, although this is impossible in the real world, as the umbra is at most a few hundred miles wide. In fact, the Solar Eclipse that occurred on September 22, 2006 (the date closest to this episode's airdate), was annular in Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana and partial in South America, West Africa, southern Africa, the Antarctic Peninsula, and East Antarctica. It was not total anywhere. Early in the episode, Micah is making a pinhole camera through which to witness the eclipse.
The scenes involving Claire's excursion into the train wreck and Mr. Bennet getting into Mohinder's cab as Peter leaves were used again in Season 3's namesake Chapter Eight, "Villains," showing the events that happened before or during the two scenes, explaining what caused the train to crash. Similarly, one of the last episodes of season 3 and volume 4, "1961", explains why Angela steals socks, something she did in this episode.
The mural of the nuclear blast in New York becomes one of the show's major plotlines for the first season and volume. Throughout the first season, much of the plot revolves around the events the heroes face in trying to prevent the nuclear explosion from happening and ultimately succeed in How to Stop an Exploding Man.
In "Cold Wars", Matt Parkman, who has developed precognition as well, paints a mural of the nuclear destruction of Washington D.C. exactly where Isaac's mural in this episode is and looking exactly the same except a different city.
Production.
Narration.
Introduction:
Where does it come from? This quest... this need to solve life's mysteries for the simplest of questions can never be answered. Why are we here? What is the soul? Why do we dream? Perhaps we would be better off not looking at all. Not delving, not yearning. That's not human nature, not the human heart. That is not why we are here.
Conclusion:
This quest... this need to solve life's mysteries. In the end what does it matter when the human heart can only find meaning in the smallest of moments? They're here... among us... in the shadows, in the light, everywhere. Do they even know yet?
DVD Director's Cut version.
On the Season 1 DVD release, the original 74 minute long pilot is included. This version had significant differences with many characters and overall plots, compared with the pilot episode which ultimately aired.
Legal issues.
On October 2, 2006, Emerson Electric Company, an appliance market competitor of NBC's owner General Electric, filed suit in federal court against NBC. The suit was in regard to the scene when Claire Bennet reached into an active garbage disposal unit—labeled "InSinkErator"—to retrieve a ring and severely disfigured her hand. Emerson claimed the scene "casts the disposer in an unsavory light, irreparably tarnishing the product" by suggesting serious injuries would result "in the event consumers were to accidentally insert their hand into one." Emerson had asked for a ruling barring future broadcasts of the pilot, which was previously available on NBC's website and had already aired on NBC Universal-owned cable networks USA Network and The Sci Fi Channel. It also sought to block NBC from using any Emerson trademarks.
On February 23, 2007, the case against NBC was dropped. NBC Universal and Emerson Electric reached an agreement to settle the lawsuit outside of court. The episode in question was briefly unavailable in the iTunes Store, but an edited version was soon made available for download. A non-edited version of the episode was shown in the BBC Two premiere on July 25, 2007. The DVD and HD DVD releases contain an edited version where the "InSinkErator" label has been removed from the scene.
Reception.
"Heroes" director/producer Greg Beeman considers the premiere to be "exciting" and "inspiring". IGN.com's Robert Canning described the episode as "creating a realistic, modern day world where ordinary people have suddenly found themselves blessed (or cursed, depending) with extraordinary abilities."
This episode was submitted for consideration in the categories of "Outstanding Drama Series", "Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series" and "Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series" on Santiago Cabrera's behalf for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
The total viewership for this episode was 14.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5951097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951097" title="In the Army Now (song)">
In the Army Now (song)

"In the Army Now" is a song by the South African-born Dutch duo Rob and Ferdi Bolland, recorded in 1981. The song spent 6 consecutive weeks on the top of the Norwegian singles chart. The song was also later recorded by the British rock band Status Quo on their 1986 album, "In the Army Now", and their version peaked at number 2 in the UK Singles Chart.
Lead singer of English rock band Slade, Noddy Holder made a vocal appearance on the Status Quo version, performing the line ""Stand up and fight.""
Other cover versions.
Slovenian industrial band Laibach recorded a cover-version for their war-themed "NATO" album in 1994. In 2009, Les Enfoirés covered the song under the title "Ici Les Enfoirés", using the same tune, but changing the lyrics to ones in the French language (about the 25th anniversary of the Restos du Coeur, instead of the original topic). A German-language version was released by the band "Fee" in 1987, titled "Du mußt zur Bundeswehr".
The song was also performed by Russian rock band Lubeh (Любэ).
On 26 September 2010, Status Quo released a new version of "In the Army Now" with the Corps Of Army Choir through Universal/UMC. All profits from this updated and lyrically changed version will be donated equally to the British Forces Foundation and Help for Heroes charities. This charted at no. 31 in the UK Singles charts upon its release.
In 2012, power metal band Sabaton covered this song as a bonus track for their album "Carolus Rex".
Lyrics.
Changes to the lyrics in the 1986 version remove references to the Vietnam war and remove the anti-war meaning of the song.
In 2010, Status Quo released the songs with modified lyrics, replacing some of the original anti-war passages. Examples:
Track listings.
A-Side
B-Side

</doc>
<doc id="5951144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951144" title="Arthur Frost (footballer)">
Arthur Frost (footballer)

Arthur Douglas Frost (1 December 1915 - October 1998) was an English professional footballer, playing as a forward, before the Second World War
Arthur Frost was born in Liverpool and played football in the army where he served with the South Lancashire Regiment. He joined New Brighton as an amateur in July 1938, turning professional the following month. He scored on his League debut and in March 1939, after just 23 league games, in which he scored 18 times, he moved to Newcastle United for a fee of £2,515. He went straight into the Newcastle first team and had scored 1 goal in 5 League appearances by the end of the season.
The war scuppered Frost's career, he guested for New Brighton and Southport during the war and was player-manager of South Liverpool as football resumed for the 1946-47 season.
Arthur Frost died in Sefton North in October 1998, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5951145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951145" title="Alexei Kaigorodov">
Alexei Kaigorodov

Alexei Pavlovich Kaigorodov () (born July 29, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey player playing with Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Alexei Kaigorodov started his professional career with Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the then Russian Super League (RSL) in 2001, where he played for five seasons. On August 24, 2006, Kaigorodov's contract was voluntarily suspended by Magnitogorsk, allowing him to pursue an NHL contract. Soon after, he signed a two-year contract with the Ottawa Senators. The Senators were searching for a "second-line centre" to take offensive pressure off the Senators top line and hoped that Kaigorodov would be able to do that. He attended training camp and remained with the club, but played only six games before being demoted to the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL). He refused to report and returned to Russia. On November 4, 2006, he was suspended by the Senators. On January 3, 2007, his NHL rights were traded to the Phoenix Coyotes for Mike Comrie. While Kaigorodov plays in Russia he remains on the suspended list of the Coyotes. Kaigorodov returned to Magnitogorsk and is an active member as of the 2008–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5951162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951162" title="Ain't Complaining">
Ain't Complaining

"Ain't Complaining" is the eighteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Initially released on the Vertigo label in 1988, it was the group's first album on that label to fall short of the UK Top 10, reaching no higher than its entry position of No. 12. It spawned three singles, namely the title track, the ballad 'Who Gets the Love', and the only Top 10 hit among them, the jaunty 'Burning Bridges', which essentially replicated the melody of the traditional folk song Darby Kelly within its distinctive instrumental breaks without crediting it as such. 
An unusual move by Status Quo on this album was the use and endorsement of Charvel guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="5951172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951172" title="London Lite">
London Lite

London Lite was the trading name of a British free daily newspaper, published by Associated Newspapers (part of Daily Mail and General Trust), and now defunct. It was available Monday to Friday afternoons and evenings from street distributors in Central London only. On 27 October 2009, Associated Newspapers announced that it had entered into negotiation with staff over the future of the paper. The last edition was published on Friday, 13 November 2009, a date chosen by staff for its swan song.
History.
On 14 December 2004, Associated Newspapers launched a freesheet edition of the "Evening Standard", called "Standard Lite", to help boost circulation freely. This had 48 pages, compared with about 80 in the main paper, which also had a supplement on most days.
It was announced in August 2006 that the free paper would now be called "London Lite", in a move that was widely seen as a spoiler to protect against the launch of News International's "The London Paper" on 4 September. 
With the sale of the "Evening Standard", but not "London Lite", to Alexander Lebedev on 21 January 2009, the association between the "Standard" and the "Lite" was broken. "London Lite"—like its free sister morning newspaper, "Metro"—remained owned by Associated Newspapers, the same media group that owns the "Daily Mail".
Content.
"London Lite", edited by Ted Young, was designed to be especially attractive to younger female readers, and featured a wide range of lifestyle articles, but less news and business news than the "Standard". It was initially available only between 11.30am and 2.30pm from "Evening Standard" vendors and in the central area, but was later handed out by its own street distributors.
Celebrity gossip was given more coverage than international news and the "Lite" also reported in detail the incidents of violent crime in the capital.
On 8 July 2009, the online version of "London Lite" merged with that of "Metro", another London daily free newspaper owned by Associated Newspapers, but published in the morning.
Criticisms.
Alleged environmental impact.
Like the other free London dailies, the "London Lite" was generally discarded by its readers as soon as they finished reading it. The use of resources to print something with such a short lifespan was criticised on environmental grounds. Westminster City Council estimated that free newspapers made up a quarter of all rubbish in the West End, much of which went un-recycled, although some stations positioned recycling bins at entrances and exits for this purpose.
Competition.
In June 2009, "London Lite" distributed an average of 400,741 copies each weekday, behind the 497,244 copies distributed by rival "The London Paper". However, despite its higher circulation figures, "The London Paper" closed two months earlier than London Lite did, on 18 September 2009.
The closing of "The London Paper" ironically brought about the demise of "London Lite". "The Evening Standard" saw a gap in the market, and decided to make its publication free less than one month later, on 12 October 2009. Less than three weeks later, "London Lite" announced it would close down.

</doc>
<doc id="5951221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951221" title="Elías Sapag">
Elías Sapag

Elías Canaán Sapag (Arabic: إلياس كنعان صباغ) (August 5, 1911 – June 21, 1993) was a Lebanese-born Argentine politician, long-serving senator for Neuquén Province, founder of the Neuquén People's Movement and head of the locally influential Sapag family.
Sapag was born in Mayrouba, in the Keserwan District, Lebanon, and emigrated with his parents to Argentina in 1913. They arrived in Zapala, Neuquén, where his grandfather had already set up home, and moved on to Zapala. His parents had several more children, including his brothers Felipe, Amado and José. The family were successful in business, but the 1930 economic collapse brought great hardship. Sapag and his brothers were forced to give up their education to work to support the family and they moved to Cutral Có to set up a company. He and his brothers played leading roles in the community, and became leading Peronist activists. Elías chaired the Settlement Committee ("Comisión de Fomento") of the town whilst Felipe was secretary, helping newcomers to settle in the new town. Felipe later became the first mayor of Cutral-Có, and Amado became mayor of Zapala.
Following the military coup d'etat and the banning of the Peronist movement, Sapag and his brothers founded the Neuquino People's Movement, a provincial political party able to contest elections. Originally called 'Provincial Politics', it came into being on June 4, 1961, and Elías became party president. He was elected to the Argentine Senate in 1963, whilst Felipe was elected Governor of Neuquén and would serve on four further occasions until the 1990s.
Having been deposed by the military in 1966, Elías Sapag was re-elected to the Senate in 1973, and returned to Congress in 1983 upon the restoration of democracy, serving until his death in 1993. He was one of Argentina's longest-serving senators.
Sapag married Alma Cavallo, and they had seven children. His son Rodolfo 'Pipe' Sapag succeeded him as senator, his daughter, Luz Sapag, was next to become a senator herself, whilst another son Jorge served as vice-governor and from 2007 as governor of Neuquén.

</doc>
<doc id="5951226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951226" title="Nickel(II) sulfate">
Nickel(II) sulfate

Nickel(II) sulfate, or just nickel sulfate, usually refers to the inorganic compound with the formula NiSO4(H2O)6. This highly soluble blue-coloured salt is a common source of the Ni2+ ion for electroplating. Approximately 40,000 tonnes were produced in 2005. It is mainly used for electroplating of nickel. 
Structures.
At least seven sulfate salts of nickel(II) are known. These salts differ in terms of their hydration or crystal habit. The common tetragonal hexahydrate crystallizes from aqueous solution between 30.7 and 53.8 °C. Below these temperatures, a heptahydrate crystallises, and above these temperatures an orthorhombic hexahydrate forms. The yellow anhydrous form, NiSO4, is a high melting solid that is rarely encountered in the laboratory. This material produced by heating the hydrates above 330 °C. It decomposes at still higher temperatures to nickel oxide.
X-ray crystallography measurements show that NiSO4·6H2O consists of the octahedral ions. These ions in turn are hydrogen bonded to sulfate ions. Dissolution of the salt in water gives solutions containing the aquo complex [Ni(H2O)62+.
All nickel sulfates are paramagnetic.
Production, applications, and coordination chemistry.
The salt is usually obtained as a by-product of copper refining. It is also produced by dissolution of nickel metal or nickel oxides in sulfuric acid.
Aqueous solutions of nickel sulfate reacts with sodium carbonate to precipitate nickel carbonate, a precursor to nickel-based catalysts and pigments. Addition of ammonium sulfate to concentrated aqueous solutions of nickel sulfate precipitates Ni(NH4)2(SO4)2·6H2O. This blue-coloured solid is analogous to Mohr's salt, Fe(NH4)2(SO4)2·6H2O.
Nickel sulfate is used in the laboratory. Columns used in polyhistidine-tagging, useful in biochemistry and molecular biology, are regenerated with nickel sulfate. Aqueous solutions of NiSO4·6H2O and related hydrates react with ammonia to give and with ethylenediamine to give [Ni(H2NCH2CH2NH2)3SO4. The latter is occasionally used as a calibrant for magnetic susceptibility measurements because it has no tendency to hydrate.
Natural occurrence.
Nickel sulfate occurs as the rare mineral retgersite, which is a hexahydrate. The second hexahydrate is known as nickelhexahydrite(Ni,Mg,Fe)SO4·6H2O. The heptahydrate, which is relatively unstable in air, occurs as morenosite. The monohydrate occurs as very rare mineral dwornikite (Ni,Fe)SO4·H2O.
Safety.
In 2005–06, nickel sulfate was the top allergen in patch tests (19.0%).
Nickel salts are carcinogenic and irritate the skin.

</doc>
<doc id="5951234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951234" title="Skat (yacht)">
Skat (yacht)

Skat is a luxury yacht built by Lürssen of Bremen, Germany as project 9906, a number prominently displayed on the hull in a typeface matching that of military vessels. The project started in November 1999 and the yacht launched in 2001. The owner is Charles Simonyi, a former Software Engineer from Microsoft and the fifth space tourist. The yacht is long.
Simonyi once had a Danish girlfriend who called him "skat", literally "treasure" (or "tax"), a common term of endearment similar to "honey" in English.
Features.
The yacht can achieve a speed of on just one engine. A cooling pump integrated into the gearboxes assures safe operation on one engine by pumping oil through the idle gearbox. The shaft of the idle engine can be disengaged, leaving the idle propeller and shaft to freewheel.

</doc>
<doc id="5951238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951238" title="Tabasaran">
Tabasaran

Tabasaran or Tabassaran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951240" title="The Oddfest">
The Oddfest

The Oddfest is an American celebration of comedy, music and artists that brings together some of today's funniest musical comedy acts. 
In 2003, performing at what was then hopefully the first of many concerts to bear the name Oddfest were some of the most popular acts on nationally syndicated Dr. Demento Show. Appearing were: Sudden Death - the #1 most requested act of 2002 on Dr. Demento Show; Worm Quartet - the #2 most requested act of 2002 and Eric Schwartz- the #2 most reuquested act of 2001. It was hosted by Tom Perri who had a #1 song on the Funny Five. The show took place on August 3 at Bodle's Opera House in Chester, New York, roughly an hour north of Manhattan. 
Oddfest 2006 will be hosted by Grammy nominated singer and comedian Red Peters, host of the weekly Red Peters Comedy Music Hour on Howard Stern's Howard 101. He will be introducing popular comedy acts Sudden Death, Worm Quartet, and Joshua Grosvent. The event is scheduled for Thursday night, August 10, 2006, at Mo Pitkins in lower Manhattan.
FIDIM Interactive, LLC.
This record label, that specializes in comedy and novelty music, organises the Oddfest. FIDIM stands for "Fine, I'll Do It Myself" and was created By Tom Rockwell of Sudden Death after he wanted someone to program his video game, and nobody would. So he said "Fine,I'll Do It Myself." He thought it would sound cool for a record label, so he kept the name. The name also characterizes the spirit of The Oddfest.
Red Peters.
Host of the 2006 show. He is well known as the Friday night host of the Sirius Satellite radio comedy show bearing his name. His 2004 hit "I Can’t Say These Things" was nominated for Song Of The Year in the 47th Annual Grammy Awards. He also had a major holiday hit with the carnal carole "Holy S***, It's Christmas!". Red's songs may be heard on the radio, in films and during his public appearances.
Sudden Death.
Sudden Death is a comedy rap group. Their hit Inner Voice from their critically acclaimed album Die Laughing topped the comedy charts in 2005, winning the title that year of Most Requested Song on the nationally syndicated radio program Dr. Demento Show. Sudden Death has released six albums, including 2002's wildly popular Fatal Accident Zone. Sudden Death's road show is a multimedia hip-hop experience, synchronizing video and animations into the musically comedic performances.
Worm Quartet.
Worm Quartet (2006 Oddfest)creates some incredibly strange and wonderfully twisted songs. This creative and funny one-man "comedy electro-punkish band" hails from Rochester, N.Y. ShoEboX, front-man to this musical experience, penned the touching ex-girlfriend ballad Great Idea For A Song, which was the most requested song of 2004 on Dr. Demento. I Bit William Shatner, Frank's Not In The Band Anymore and others became popular comedy hits and many Worm Quartet songs are featured on Dr. Demento's compilation albums.
Joshua Grosvent.
Producer of the popular comedy show Comedy is for Humans, this self-proclaimed “Comedic Songsmith” and his songs have become a staple in the New York City humor scene. Whether he's singing about making love in Senior Citizen Lovin' or about a popular guilty private pleasure in MySpace, his shows are not worth missing. Infusing music with stand-up, improv, technology and audio effects, Joshua's road shows slay rock venues and colleges all over the country with a full-on multimedia experience. Grosvent is currently shooting his very first mini-pilot as well as his first music videos. The Oddfest will be his last appearance in New York City for several months while he tours, so get out and enjoy it!

</doc>
<doc id="5951274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951274" title="Dargin">
Dargin

Dargin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951289" title="Ilia Trilling">
Ilia Trilling

Ilia Trilling, (or Ilya Trilling) (1895, Elberfeld (now Wuppertal) – 1947) was a German-born Yiddish theatrical producer and composer for Yiddish theatrical works. He was active in Poland, Ukraine and the United States.
Throughout the 1920s, until he emigrated to USA. He was able to obtain passage to America by being granted a passport by Russian authorities solely for Ilya Trilling and then getting a friend to change the word Ilya to "familya", meaning family in the native language. This forgery paid off and the entire family emigrated to America through Ellis Island, never to return to Europe. He continued his work in the Yiddish theater in America. His children and their offspring are still in the United States. They live in California, Pepper Pike, Ohio, Sharon, Massachusetts, Missouri, Florida, Colorado, North Carolina, and many other locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5951297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951297" title="Peter Petrelli">
Peter Petrelli

Peter Petrelli, portrayed by Milo Ventimiglia, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes". He is a hospice nurse-turned-paramedic in his mid-20s with the power to absorb and mimic the powers of other people with special abilities, or powers. Sensitive and compassionate, the character was initially defined by his complex relationship with his older brother, Nathan. Since that time, Peter Petrelli has had to deal with the outcomes from the decisions that his abilities force him to make. In the start of the series "Heroes" Peter absorbs the ability of a man who is practically a ticking time bomb. In desperation all the characters in the series race to try and save New York City in fear that Peter will "blow up" the city like a bomb. Minutes from when he's about to explode Peter's older brother Nathan flies him high above the skyline and saves the people of New York City.
Character history.
Genesis.
In the premiere episode, Peter Petrelli is a hospice nurse living in New York City. Differences between Peter and Nathan, an ambitious politician focused on his congressional campaign, cause tensions between the two, which are exacerbated when Peter starts having extraordinarily vivid dreams of flying. He confides in Nathan, who passes them off as a sign of psychological distress. Peter summons Nathan to witness as he jumps off a building to prove he can fly. However, it's Nathan who flies, catching Peter as he falls. Peter blacks out after the brothers lose their grip on each other, waking up in the hospital with muddled recollections of what happened. Nathan claims neither of them flew and Peter is led to believe he's going crazy. To discover the truth, Peter threatens to jump from another rooftop if Nathan doesn't tell him what really happened. Nathan admits that they "both" flew. Peter first thinks Nathan is only telling him what he wants to hear, until Nathan points out that Peter is levitating as they argue. Peter's later attempts to fly, when away from his brother's presence, are initially unsuccessful.
Peter decides to quit his job as a nurse. He confides to Simone Deveaux, the daughter of his dying patient, Charles Deveaux, that he has loved her ever since he first saw her. The two of them spend a night together, even though Simone doesn't know how she truly feels about him.
The first hint of things to come arrive in the form of Hiro Nakamura, a man with the power to manipulate time and space, who travels back in time to give Peter a message: "Save the cheerleader, save the world." He urges Peter to be "the one we need". He tells Peter to go and visit Isaac Mendez, a painter and ex-boyfriend of Simone. Hiro notes how strange it is to see Peter without his scar.
Peter visits Isaac and convinces him to see past their amorous connection to Simone. He learns that Isaac has predicted an explosion will happen in New York soon, and they are both convinced saving this unknown cheerleader is connected to averting the catastrophe. While in Isaac's company, Peter also confirms, by mimicking Isaac's power, that his superhuman ability involves copying those of others. He finishes Isaac's painting showing the cheerleader being killed by Sylar.
Peter has a dream of showing Simone's ailing father that he can fly, and is awakened by her ringing his doorbell to tell him that her father died shortly after telling her that he had dreamed of flying with Peter and is worried about the state of the world. Peter told him that there are people who care, who will save the world from destruction. Simone then tells Peter that she has sold Isaac's painting to a man named Linderman in Las Vegas. Peter believes the painting will help him to save the world.
Peter goes to Nathan's house, hoping that his brother can help convince Linderman to give up the painting. When he gets there, he finds Nathan, their mother, and Nathan's family having brunch with a newspaper reporter. Peter saves his brother from adultery charges by claiming Nathan was arranging for a private clinic to treat Peter's mental illness. That night, Nathan tells a skeptical Peter he was temporarily kidnapped in Vegas, and warns that people will want to lock them up if they realize the two of them have powers.
Simone shows Peter a photograph of the painting which sends Peter to the high school in Odessa, Texas where he meets Claire Bennet, the cheerleader with superhuman regenerative abilities. Sylar soon shows up to kill Claire, and Peter manages to fight him off while Claire escapes. Sylar and Peter fall off the school roof together; Sylar survives the fall, but Peter seemingly doesn't. However, when Claire shows up, Peter mimics her healing power. As he begins resetting his bones, he asks Claire to call the police. They show up while Peter is still covered in his own blood and arrest him.
6 Months Earlier;
During a dream, he sees Nathan and his wife get into the car accident that paralyzes her from the waist down. He realizes the accident was partially caused by Nathan's accidental first use of his flying ability (leaving the car with no driver). Peter later asks Nathan about "the other car" (one chasing Nathan's in the dream) involved in the accident, a detail no one else knew except for Nathan and Heidi.
Peter is in a jail holding cell when he has a dream in which he is visited by his brother, who metamorphoses into Sylar. Telepathic LA cop Matt Parkman then interviews him, and they telepathically piece together Sylar's attack on Union Wells High. Peter tells Parkman that Claire Bennet was the real target. Though Matt and his partner, Audrey Hanson, know that Peter is innocent, they refuse to let him leave until he tells them what they want to know. Claire visits Peter in his cell later, believing he shares her powers, and tells him that he is her hero. A short time later, Nathan gets Peter out of jail. Peter's health is visibly and quickly deteriorating for yet-unknown reasons. On their way out of the building, he passes out and has a vision in which he sees himself and the other main characters in a city street. In the vision, as Nathan walks up to him, Peter begins to explode. After recovering from the vision, Peter tries to explain it to Nathan, but falls into a coma.
Peter is comatose. In his comatose state, Peter continues to have the same vision, with a little variation. Eventually, a new face appears in his dreams. This man, a tall, bearded Englishman, is shown laughing. Another new scene indicates that Peter may be mimicking Ted Sprague's radioactive powers. Eventually, Peter wakes up, and decides that his next destination is "the desert". He makes travel plans, looking for a place where nuclear testing has been done. Las Vegas is recommended. As he's put on hold, he notices the Englishman from his dreams stealing from a purse. Peter confronts the man, who is shocked that someone can see him. The man, called Claude, tells Peter to leave him alone. However, Peter instead insists Claude teach him how to control his abilities. Claude declines, and again tells Peter to stop following him. Peter returns to his apartment to find Mohinder and Nathan there. Mohinder believes he can help Peter while Nathan is insistent that Peter not go running off again. To get away, Peter pretends to consider their help, then runs out the door. Mohinder and Nathan see an open window and assume Peter has flown out it; Peter is actually hiding invisibly with Claude. Claude agrees to train him.
The lessons commence in "Distractions". Claude tells Peter to separate himself from his loved ones. Peter fiercely disagrees, but Claude says that caring about people — particularly Nathan — is holding him back. Claude reminds Peter that he must learn to harness the powers he's previously mimicked intentionally and without their original users present. Claude tries to motivate Peter to do this by pushing him off a tall building and telling him to fly. Peter falls onto a taxicab and is fatally injured, but he survives by remembering Claire Bennet and mimicking her powers. Peter realizes that he does not need to push people out of his mind; he just needs to remember how those people made him feel to regain use of their abilities. He then starts to lose control thinking about too many people at once, so Claude knocks him unconscious.
In "Unexpected", Peter is shown to have more control over the abilities he has absorbed. During a sparring session with Claude, Peter uses telekinesis to shield himself from a blow, which puzzles Claude since none of Peter's acquaintances has that power. Peter surmises that he must have picked it up from the man in Texas. Later in the episode Mr. Bennet and the Haitian attack Peter and Claude due to Isaac's betrayal, so Peter stops their Taser darts in mid-air, then uses flight to save himself and Claude. After their escape, Claude blames Peter for bringing Bennet and Haitian after him, revealing that he has remained invisible in order to elude them, and leaves Peter on his own.
Peter then confronts Isaac about his betrayal but Isaac is adamant that what he was doing would save the world. Peter, however, concludes that jealousy motivated Isaac. When Isaac tries to shoot him, Peter becomes invisible. In a panic, Isaac demands that Peter reveal himself. When Simone lets herself in using her key, Isaac shoots her twice in the chest, mistaking her for Peter. Peter cradles Simone as he and Isaac both watch her die.
Peter goes to see Mohinder Suresh but Sylar attacks him upon arrival. Fighting him off, Peter becomes invisible, but Sylar foils the attempt at evasion by spraying glass shards everywhere, one of which strikes Peter in the back of the head, killing him. Suresh takes Peter's body to Nathan's home. Everyone believes him to be dead, but Claire, drawing from her own near death experience, finds and removes the glass in the back of Peter's head, allowing him to recover.
Believing that he will be the one to cause the catastrophe, he tries to convince Claire to stay, as her ability will allow her to get close enough to stop him from exploding. The moment Peter comes in range of Ted, Peter's hands begin to glow, but Peter barely manages to rein in the newly absorbed power. They decide to leave the city immediately and thwart the foreseen catastrophe, but the FBI captures Ted. Sylar attacks the transport vehicle carrying him and steals Ted's power, killing him. Realizing that Sylar now has Ted's power, Peter assumes that Sylar, not him, will cause the explosion.
Peter confronts Sylar face to face at Kirby Plaza in an attempt to stop him. Matt Parkman and Niki Sanders intervene as well, Peter managing to pick up Niki's enhanced strength. Hiro runs Sylar through with a sword. Peter discovers to his horror that he is unable to control Ted's ability and will in fact be the one to explode. Nathan arrives and averts the catastrophe by flying Peter high into the atmosphere where Peter explodes harmlessly. Immediately after the explosion, Peter regenerates, then saves his falling and badly burned brother.
Generations.
After taking his brother to a hospital, Peter is apprehended by Bob and Elle and taken to a Company facility. Peter is told that the Company is developing a cure for his "disease," and that it would be best for him to stay in the facility until then. Peter, not willing to endanger any more lives after the near-miss at Kirby Plaza, readily agrees. Part of the treatment includes pills to suppress his powers, which Elle calls "Haitian pills."
Aside from dealing with an obviously smitten Elle, Peter leads an unremarkable life until he comes into contact with the inmate in the adjacent cell, Adam Monroe (who had been known as Takezo Kensei to Hiro Nakamura in feudal Japan). The four hundred year old Adam insists that the Company has no interest in helping anyone. After Bob refuses to allow Peter to see his family, Peter comes around to Adam's point of view and covertly stops taking his medication. After five days, he is able to use his acquired phasing ability, to pass through the wall between his and Adam's cell. After the two finally meet face to face, they use the phasing ability to escape from the facility.
Fulfilling a promise he made to Peter, Adam goes with him to see his brother Nathan, who is still recovering from Peter's meltdown and explosion, in a Manhattan hospital. Mindful of his regenerative powers, Adam injects his blood into Nathan's IV, and the elder Petrelli's wounds begin to heal almost instantly. Knowing that Nathan's bedside would be the most logical place to find the pair, Adam urges Peter to flee quickly. They hurry, but Elle and the Haitian confront them. Adam tells Peter to meet him in a warehouse in Montreal, and the two split up. The Haitian pursues Peter and corners him in an empty container. Peter resists, but the Haitian tells him that he deserves a better life than one spent imprisoned by the Company. The Haitian says that Peter's mother helped him in his time of need, so he is returning the favor. Peter does not understand what sort of alternative the Haitian has in mind; the Haitian puts his necklace around Peter's neck, his hand on his forehead and erases his memory.
While Peter's family and friends mourn his death, a group of thugs led by Ricky McKenna find an amnesic Peter shirtless and handcuffed inside a cargo container at a port in Cork, Ireland. The thugs accuse Peter of stealing the cargo container's alleged contents, which they had intended to steal. After he and his henchmen beat him, Ricky is finally convinced that Peter is suffering from amnesia. He tells Peter his name and reveals that he has a box containing items (which were found on Peter's person) that will provide clues to Peter's former identity (credit cards, driver's license, etc.). However, Ricky will only hand over the box if Peter helps him and his gang with a job. Upon accepting and completing the job, helping the gang rob a gambling house, Peter earns the box but is initially unwilling to open it for fear that he might not like who he was before. Caitlin, Ricky's sister, encourages him to do so, stating that she believes him to be a good person. The two quickly form a romantic relationship.
In the episode "Fight or Flight", Peter experiences a sudden resurgence of his acquired precognition power and paints a picture of a street intersection in Montreal, specifically the intersection of Saint-Laurent and Boul. Saint-Jacques (spelled Boul. Saint-Jaque in the painting), with a building that appears to be La Cathedrale de Notre-Dame in the background. Peter is unaware of it, but this is the warehouse that Adam had told him to meet him at two weeks prior ("Four Months Ago..."). In "The Line", Peter and Caitlin travel there and find a note from Adam warning Peter about the Company. Peter accidentally jumps ahead in time with Caitlin to a desolate Times Square in New York City. A flyer on the ground, dated June 14, 2008, explains that Homeland Security had ordered an evacuation of the entire city.
In "Out of Time", Peter and Caitlin are captured and separated by a biohazard team in 2008. After being told he had already died, he meets his mother. His mother tells him that he is the one who can stop this future and save the world. When Peter sees Caitlin, they meet and briefly hold hands through the fence barricade separating them. Before he can help her escape, he unintentionally returns to the present, leaving Caitlin trapped in the future. Peter attempts to return to the future, without success. Someone enters the Montreal safehouse, startling Peter, who uses his acquired electricity power to attack the intruder. The person blocks the attack with his hand, which regenerates, and he reveals himself to be Adam Monroe. He curiously asks why Peter attacked him, and quickly discovers Peter's amnesia. He helps Peter restore his memories by encouraging him to use his acquired healing abilities to repair the damage to his mind. In "Truth & Consequences", Adam and Peter track down Victoria Pratt, who Adam says discovered the virus. Peter tells her he needs her help to save the future. When Victoria sees Adam, she shoots him and Peter, who both regenerate. Peter reads Victoria's mind to discover that the virus is at Primatech Paper in Texas. When Peter and Adam arrive at Primatech, time stops for everyone but Peter, a result of Hiro's powers. Hiro is shocked to find that Peter is working with Adam Monroe, then declares his intent to kill the man who killed his father. When Peter refuses to let Hiro pass, Hiro charges at him with his sword.
In "Powerless", Peter and Hiro fight in Primatech, though Hiro is ultimately knocked unconscious. Peter helps Adam Monroe break into the Primatech vault, but he is confronted once again, this time by a revived Hiro, Matt Parkman, and Peter's brother, Nathan. After a mental struggle with Matt, Peter is convinced by Nathan that Adam cannot be trusted. Peter turns to find that Adam had already slipped into the vault. Peter runs in to see the virus falling to the floor. He catches it with his acquired telekinesis power and destroys the virus radioactively. Together, Matt, Nathan and Peter decide to reveal what the Company has been doing. During a press conference, headed by Nathan, an unknown assassin shoots Nathan twice in the chest, preventing him from revealing his power. Peter tends to his brother as the crowd panics.
Villains.
At the start of the third season, the shooter is revealed to be Peter Petrelli from four years in the future. In the future, those with abilities are hunted and killed, so Peter went back into the past to stop Nathan from revealing people with abilities. He seals the present Peter inside the body of Jesse Murphy, a prisoner of the Company.
Peter, still inside Jesse, is freed from imprisonment when Elle inadvertently disables the security system for the complex. Peter telephones Nathan in order to warn him about his future self, then follows the other escaped criminals in the hope of keeping them from hurting people. However, they quickly discover that Peter is not actually Jesse, and nearly kill him before Noah Bennet steps in. Peter discovers how to use Jesse's power (sound manipulation) and uses this to free Noah, but before he can finish, his future self removes him from Jesse and takes Peter to the future.
In the future, Peter learns about the spread of abilities through the use of the formula and the fate that awaits the world if it isn't stopped. Future Peter tells present Peter that Sylar's intuitive aptitude can help to understand the cause and effect of time travel, thereby enabling them to change history. However, future Peter is killed by Claire, who claims he is a terrorist, with the Haitian's presence preventing future Peter from healing. Peter flees and tracks down Mohinder for help, telepathically extracting the information he needs when Mohinder proves unwilling. 
In Costa Verde, Peter finds Sylar has reassumed his former identity of Gabriel Gray, and is now raising a small child in Claire's former home. Sylar is reluctant to give Peter his ability, but in light of the fate that awaits the world, relents and teaches him how to use it, with the warning that he will also gain the hunger Sylar himself suffers from. Claire, Knox, and Daphne show up to kill Peter, and in the ensuing battle Sylar's son is killed. Enraged, Sylar loses control of his radiation ability, destroying Costa Verde.
Peter and Claire survive due to their regeneration powers and Claire takes Peter back to the base. While there, Claire, blaming Peter for the destruction caused by Sylar, begins to torture him with a scalpel in retribution, but is forced to leave when Nathan, now the President and married to Tracy Strauss, arrives to speak with Peter alone. Nathan attempts to reason with Peter, offering Peter the opportunity to read his mind to see if he's sincere. Peter nearly kills Nathan upon gaining a morbid curiosity of how Nathan's mind works due to Sylar's powers. Angry with himself, Peter stops short of killing Nathan and travels back to the present Level 5 to confront Sylar. Sylar recognizes that Peter suffers from his hunger and reveals that he is Peter's brother. Still angry, Peter snaps Sylar's neck and nearly kills his mother to get the truth out of her. Sylar regenerates and knocks him unconscious. Peter is then placed in a medically induced coma to keep him from harming anyone else.
In "Dying of the Light", Sylar revives Peter so he can help their comatose mother, only for Peter to decide to go to Pinehearst Industries after his failed attempts allow him to see the logo in her mind. Despite Sylar's attempts to stop him, Peter travels to Pinehearst, only to encounter his presumed dead father, Arthur Petrelli, who steals his abilities when they hug. Arthur holds Peter captive, intending to use him to further his plans. Peter manages to escape thanks to Sylar, who throws him out a seventh story window but slows his fall just enough that it doesn't kill him.
Having been rescued from Pinehearst by Claire, who had been visiting Pinehearst in hopes they could help her deal with her current power problems, Peter and Claire hide out in Peter's apartment, Peter revealing the truth of Arthur's survival to Nathan. When Knox and Flint attack his apartment to try and capture Claire, Peter and Claire flee, with Peter trying to convince Claire to leave so that she won't take the path that led to her killing his future self. Claire, however, refuses to leave, confronting Knox and Flint to buy Peter time to escape, only for Peter to turn the tables on them by tricking Flint into attacking him and igniting a broken gas main. Peter and Claire subsequently retreat to Primatech, where they are reunited with Matt, Daphne, Nathan, and the now revived Angela, the group vowing to defeat Arthur's plans to perfect the formula.
During the second eclipse, Peter travels with his brother to Haiti to find the Haitian, only for the Haitian to refuse to return without putting a stop to his half-brother, Level 5 escapee and Haitian warlord Baron Samedi. Seeing no choice, the Petrelli brothers vow to help him, only for Nathan to be captured. After Peter and the Haitian manage to infiltrate the village and rescue him, Peter stays behind to fight off Samedi's men, although in the end it is only the Haitian who can defeat his brother. Nathan, having come to the conclusion while captured that his father's plan of creating a superpowered army would help prevent situations like the one created by Baron Samedi, flies off to join Pinehearst, leaving Peter and the Haitian to make their own way home.
Having been told by Angela to kill Arthur, Peter travels with the Haitian to Pinehearst, only for Sylar to stop the bullet when he attempts to shoot Arthur. Using his new ability of lie detection, Sylar determines that Arthur is not his father and kills Arthur himself, although he leaves Peter alive due to his now powerless status. Knocking Nathan out in a subsequent confrontation, Peter proceeds to the lab, where he teams up with Flint and Knox to destroy the formula. As Flint prepares to ignite the whole place, Peter finds a vial of formula and, realizing it is the only way to save Nathan, who is trapped by the flames, injects himself and flies Nathan to safety. When Nathan asks Peter why he saved him, he notes that he will always love Nathan. Nathan flies away, admitting that he would have left Peter behind.
Fugitives.
Although working as a paramedic following the battle with Pinehearst, Peter's new, 'normal' life ends when Claire calls him to reveal Nathan's plan to capture people with abilities. After a brief discussion with Mohinder when Peter catches a cab driven by him, Peter confronts Nathan, refusing to join his brother's plan and dodging his questions about what he is capable of now. Although Nathan subsequently captures Peter with the aid of Noah Bennet, Peter is later rescued by Claire when on the plane, using Mohinder's super strength to break his bonds and defeat the agents on the plane, although the plane crashes after Peter unintentionally damages it when he accidentally absorbs Tracy's freezing ability. Having escaped Noah Bennet and Nathan- Tracy and Claire both allowing themselves to be captured to allow him to remain free-, Peter copies Nathan's ability and flies away to rendezvous with the other escaped Heroes, quickly becoming the leader.
With Matt Parkman and Mohinder Suresh, they abduct Noah to learn more about Nathan's plans. However, after a close encounter with the Hunter's men, resulting in Mohinder being captured and a confrontation in which Nathan persuades him not to shoot the Hunter, Peter is left with further questions when a painting by Matt Parkman seems to show him involved in an explosion that will destroy Washington D.C. After receiving a tip from the mysterious "Rebel" about the still-alive Daphne's location, Matt and Peter break into Building 26 using, after Peter absorbs Matt's power, their shared ability to control people's minds. 
While in Building 26, Peter determines that Daphne is not in the building, and then copies a video file pointed out to him by Rebel of the "fugitives" being put onto the transport plane. However, Peter and Matt don't both make it out of the building, as Matt allows himself to be captured to allow Peter to escape. Peter calls Nathan to arrange a trade - he won't release the video to the media if Matt and Daphne are released to him. Nathan agrees, and they arrange to meet. At that time, Noah Bennet shows up to take him into custody, as expressed verbally, but he silently by way of Peter's telepathy warns him of the sniper rifle trained on him. Danko fires, and Peter falls off the building, only to be caught and flown away by Nathan. The Petrellis gather and discuss the incident and the government's operation. Peter pretends to make nice with Nathan and then reabsorbs Nathan's ability while hugging him, subsequently fleeing and apparently passing the tape on to the media. Peter later returns to rescue his mother after Danko orders his men to take her prisoner. He flies into an elevator shaft to stage a rescue and retreats to the statue of liberty where they decide what to do next. Peter brings Angela to a church. Angela tells Peter she and Arthur were married in the church. Soon Danko's agents come inside the church looking for him and Angela. They hide in a confessional. Angela apologizes to Peter despite the danger of being heard by the soldiers. Noah Bennet appears to hear them but tells the agents that all is clear. Later Angela tells Peter after dreaming that they need to meet with Nathan and Claire, then find her sister.
Later, Peter and Nathan go after Sylar to stop him from shaking the President's hand and shapeshifting into him. The plan is to get Peter close enough to touch Sylar and absorb his shapeshifting powers, since Peter can only hold onto to one power at the moment. Peter and Nathan convince one of the President's aids and an old friend of Nathan's to allow them to do this. The two battle it out with Sylar, but Nathan flies out a window with Sylar, battling in the air while Peter is unable to follow because he managed to absorb the power of shapeshifting from Sylar (losing Flight as a result). Then Nathan crashed into a hotel room, as Sylar follows after and uses his ability and makes a quick slice to Nathan's throat bleeding him out, killing him. It then cuts to Peter, disguised as the President, who meets with Sylar, who is disguised as an adviser, in a limo as the Secret Service escorts the President from the hotel. Sylar is able to shake the presidents hand but finds he cannot shapeshift into him because it's Peter. This allows Peter to inject Sylar with a tranquilizer, knocking him out. He takes Sylar to Noah, Angela, and Matt, and is sent to look for Nathan along with Claire in order to buy time and hide Nathan's death at the hands of Sylar so it can be covered up and Sylar turned into Nathan. Peter witnesses the burning of what is apparently Sylar's body none the wiser to the truth...
Redemption.
Six weeks later, Peter has returned to his job as a paramedic. Using the enhanced strength and reflexes he obtained from Mohinder, Peter is always the first one on the scene of an accident, and he saves many lives. Outside of work, however, Peter shuts himself out from his family and doesn't contact them. He also begins a mural of newspaper clippings of people he has saved.
In "Orientation", Noah visits Peter asking for help with a mysterious man who has superhuman speed and uses knives, who is searching for a key that Noah now has. Peter is intrigued by the speed power, and comes along. At a safe deposit box, they use the key and find an old compass. The knife man, Edgar, ambushes them. Peter manages to take Edgar's power and they fight in super speed. Edgar is surprised at how well Peter is fighting him, and retreats. Peter then leaves Noah, saying that he got what he came for (the power) but then later, he finds that Edgar returned, badly hurt Noah and took the compass. Peter rushes Noah to the hospital and later uses his speed to bring him chowder from Boston.
In "Ink", Peter prepares to go to work when he is delivered a notice that he is being sued by one of the people he saved. Peter goes to the hospital, where he asks for the man's information from Emma, and notices that he doesn't have her headphones plugged in to anything. Peter goes to meet the man, who is actually Samuel Sullivan. Peter is suspicious as he doesn't remember Samuel being at the accident in question, and thinks he just wants some of the Petrelli's money. Talking later with his partner Hesam, Peter finds out that some people believe that Peter himself has been causing the accidents, trying to get some glory for himself by saving people. Samuel later breaks into Peter's apartment and uses his ability over ink to insert a picture of himself into the newspaper clipping of the accident, which Peter sees. Peter goes to Samuel and apologizes for injuring him and not believing him about the crash. Samuel is pleased with Peter. He says that he will drop the suit, and shakes Peter's hand. Peter later observes Emma playing beautifully on a cello, and watches her as she runs away afterward. Later, Peter and his partner go to the site of a sinkhole that destroyed a house and killed three people. As Peter looks on, his arm starts to hurt, and he sees a new compass tattoo, spinning wildly. 
Later, in "Acceptance", Peter goes to visit Noah and ask him about the compass tattoo, but finds that the tattoo has vanished. Peter leaves after sharing a brief reunion with Claire. At work, "Nathan" comes to visit Peter, and demonstrates his "new" abilities. Peter is surprised, but thinks Nathan is just taking after their late father, who also had multiple abilities.
In the graphic novel "Amanda's Journey, Part 1: When Everything Changed", Peter attends the call of a fire in New England, and there he meets Amanda while assisting her injured aunt Carol. Once in the hospital, Amanda runs into him again, but this time her ability makes all around her to burn. Peter uses his super speed to rush into safety and then approaches Amanda and makes her feel she is not a freak and she is not alone in this world. Ultimately, he convinces her to trust in her family, so she decides to find her mother, Lydia.
In "Hysterical Blindness", Peter tries to reconnect with his family, inviting his mother and Nathan to eat with him. Only his mother shows up, and throughout the entire visit she worries about "Nathan's" whereabouts. Peter, frustrated with her, leaves for work. On his way there, he saves Emma from being run over by a bus, and accidentally absorbs her ability to see sounds as color. At the hospital, Peter and Emma watch the color that emits from a children's choir, and both realize that they can see the same thing. Peter explains about himself and people with abilities to a stunned Emma, who initially thinks she has misread his lips. After playing a duet together on a piano, Peter asks Emma out for lunch the next day, saying it would be good for her to get out of the file room. Offended at this, Emma declines. Later that day, Peter is surprised when Hiro teleports into his apartment and collapses.
In "Tabula Rasa", Peter is already in the hospital keeping an eye on a passed out Hiro. When he wakes up, Peter tries to explain his condition but Hiro already knows it, a brain tumor is killing him, and tells Peter he is out to right the wrongs and help others, but Peter tells him he must be there so he can help Hiro instead, and then he mimics Hiro's ability. In his way out, Emma confronts him about her ability, which she wants to turn off; Peter finally tells her Hiro is the one that can help her understand powers, which she remains skeptical about, but Peter teleports out in that moment. He then appears at Noah's apartment and tells Claire and Noah about Hiro's brain tumor and the fact he needs Noah to find a healer for him. Claire offers her blood to heal him but Noah explains that it will accelerate its growth. Finally he and Noah teleport to "Cainan, GA", to find a healer, Jeremy Greer, but they noticed several things dead around his house, and inside it are the corpses of his parents; Noah tells Peter that Jeremy would probably take life as well as he can give it. After avoiding Jeremy's shoots, Noah tells Peter to split while he talks to Jeremy. When Peter teleports in front of Jeremy, he shoots Peter and the time-freezing can't stop it at time. Noah then helps Jeremy face his fear to kill another person so he is able to heal Peter's wound. Once he mimicked Jeremy's ability, Peter goes to New York leaving Noah with the kid. Back in the hospital, he finds Emma who explains Hiro disappeared, and then finds the note ""Save Charlie"" which Hiro stated as part of his bucket list.
In "Shadowboxing", Peter is shown constantly using the healing ability mimicked from Jeremy to stabilize dying patients at accident sites and the ER. The abuse of this power starts to drain Peter's energy making him dizzy and weak. Emma notices this and ask him to stop; Peter asks her if she would use her medical skills to help the ER, making her reconsider her life as a doctor. Once back in his apartment, Nathan shows up asking for his help.
In "Brother's Keeper", the Haitian gives Peter the address of a storage facility, advising him to go there alone because the truth could be too much for him to bear. Despite this, Peter goes there with "Nathan", and they find Nathan's corpse. To find the truth, they visit the comatose Matt Parkman. Peter heals him so they can get some answers, but this revives Sylar, who jumps from Matt's consciousness into his own body. However, "Nathan" is still in control, and flies away with Peter to avoid the police.
In "Thanksgiving", Angela arrives Peter's apartment bringing Peter and Nathan the Thanksgiving dinner. After the servants are gone, both Peter and Nathan questions Angela about Nathan's death. Angela tries to deny it but the brothers get insistent so she threatens them to disappear from their lives if they continue asking; they stop and eat dinner. Later, Sylar gets the control of his body, subduing Peter and Angela at the chairs while he eats pie. Peter tries to stop him, but he can't reach Nathan inside Sylar's head. Once he starts scalping Angela, her pain makes Nathan fight back to take the control. After, Nathan takes control and flees, with Peter in pursuit.
In "The Fifth Stage", Angela tells Peter that for Nathan to be entirely gone, Sylar must be killed. However, Peter refuses to accept this, so he calls the Haitian, to obtain his power. In the building's elevator, a nurse turns out to be Sylar, making Peter run. Sylar follows him and gets trapped by Peter's newly obtained ability suppression. After fighting with their fists, Peter overcomes Sylar, and nails his hands and legs to the floor, asking him to bring Nathan back. Ultimately, Nathan retakes control and Peter lets him heal. Nathan still feels lost, so Peter takes him to the rooftop from which he once jumped, hoping it will help Nathan who is losing control to Sylar again. Unfortunately, Nathan jumps with the intent to kill himself. Peter manages to grab Nathan's hand, but in the end they both come to the conclusion that it is Nathan's time, so Peter lets him go and watches as a weeping Nathan falls. Midway through the fall, Nathan changes into Sylar, who hits a car at the street, then regenerates and leaves. Peter returns home and embraces Angela while grieving Nathan's death.
In "Upon This Rock", Peter calls Claire to inform her of Nathan's death. Later, at Nathan's funeral Peter eulogizes Nathan, telling everyone about how Nathan was like a father to him when his own father wasn't around.
In "Let It Bleed", Peter is at Nathan's wake and has a hard time dealing with everyone's sympathies and ducks into the kitchen with Claire in order to get away from it all. Claire cuts her hand and it bleeds as Peter is accidentally suppressing her powers. Claire has him keep doing that so she can feel pain for the first time in a long time. Later, after hearing about a hostage situation, Peter heads to the office building where its taking place followed by Claire and knocks out a cop with his power. He leaves Claire to tend to a wounded employee while he faces off with the shooting. Initially he appears to convince the man to give up, but the man shoots him in the shoulder before Peter overpowers him. Later on, in the ambulance, Peter convinces Claire to allow him to copy her regeneration power and he regenerates from his wound. He decides to keep Claire's power and use it to keep finding people to stop in order to keep his mind off of Nathan's death. Claire eventually convinces him of the futility of this and he has her call over West Rosen so he can copy his flight ability, presumably as a way of remembering Nathan. After copying flight again, Peter flies off.
In "Close to You, Peter is thought to be the perfect new leader of the Carnival by Lydia as Samuel himself said that Peter could be "the next Joseph." Lydia makes the compass tattoo reappear on Peter's arm and he wakes up. Later, Peter is drawn to Emma's apartment by her new-found ability to call people to her using her power and cello. There he is shocked to see the compass on the cello and compares it to the compass tattoo Lydia made reappear on his arm. The two go to Peter's apartment where Emma identifies the man Peter thought was named as William Hooper as Samuel Sullivan, using the newspaper clipping that Samuel had altered. Angela shows up and Peter introduces her to Emma. Angela is clearly shocked to see Emma, and after Emma leaves, Peter demands an explanation, asking his mother to tell him the truth for once. Angela reluctantly reveals that she had a prophetic dream that reveals that Emma will be responsible for the deaths of thousands of people and that Peter can't save her. Realizing she means someone else can and not getting any more answers out of his mother, Peter copies her ability in order to see for himself. Before leaving, Angela warns him that dreaming the future is a curse, not a gift. Later that night, Peter has a prophetic dream about Emma. In the dream, Emma is playing the cello crying while people scream in the background, presumably dying. As the dream ends, Sylar shows up and offers Emma his help, saying he's there to save her. As a result of the dream, Peter goes to Emma's apartment and destroys her cello, causing her to angrily order him out.
In "The Art of Deception, Peter has the dream about Emma and Sylar again, but this time it shows that Eric Doyle is controlling her actions. Peter is later invited over to his mother's apartment where she asks for his help with figuring out what to put on Nathan's tombstone. Peter, knowing from his prophetic dream that Sylar is the only hope to save Emma, asks Angela where Sylar is. Though reluctant, Angela tells him and Peter travels to LA to Matt Parkman's home where Sylar is located. Upon arriving, Peter copies Matt's power of telepathy and reads his mind, learning that Sylar is indeed at the house. After learning that Sylar was trapped in a nightmare by Matt and that Matt has trapped him behind a wall, Peter travels into the basement and uses his copied telepathy to enter Sylar's mind to try to free him despite Matt's warnings that he may become trapped too. In Sylar's mind, Peter finds himself on an empty city street and calls out for Sylar and Matt.
In "The Wall", Peter eventually attracts Sylar's attention and tells him he's only been trapped for three hours not three years as Sylar believes. Eventually the two discover a massive wall that is exactly the same as the one in Matt's basement that forms Sylar's prison. When Peter brings himself to a point that he can forgive Sylar for killing Nathan the wall starts to crumble as the two continue to beat on it. Peter wakes up and Sylar uses his telekinesis to free himself. Peter and Sylar head off to save Emma, but the two are blocked by Eli and surrounded by his clones.
In "Brave New World", Peter and Sylar quickly and easily defeat Eli and knock him out, saving Matt as he was about to be killed by his clones. Matt is furious Peter released Sylar from his nightmare and Peter tries to get Matt to read Eli's mind to learn Samuel's plans. As Matt is too mad to, Peter reads Eli's mind himself and learns that Samuel plans to kill thousands of people in Central Park that night and tries to leave with Sylar who is stopped by Matt. Peter tries to convince Matt that Sylar has changed and Sylar has Matt read his mind to try to tell, but Matt can't although he lets them go. Peter, having presumably reaqcuired the ability of flight from Sylar, flies with Sylar to the Carnival where Peter heads to stop Samuel while Sylar heads off to save Emma. Peter uses flight to tackle Samuel off-stage while he's trying to kill everyone, breaking Samuel's concentration and stopping him. Peter copies Samuel's terrakinesis and battles him, his copied powers boosted like Samuel's is by the presence of other specials. Peter and Samuel fight to a draw, but Peter holds him off long enough for Hiro to teleport everyone else away, which strips Samuel and Peter's extra power from the presence of the other specials and renders Samuel practically powerless. Samuel tries to physically attack Peter, but Peter blocks him, punches him in the face, and throws him on stage before watching Samuel race out into the empty Carnival and fall to his knees in despair.
Brave New World.
Peter and Emma reunite and hug and Emma reveals Eric Doyle was controlling her and Sylar saved her. Peter heads to the tent where Doyle and Sylar are to find that Sylar has trussed Doyle up like a puppet. The two are greatly amused by Sylar's actions and Peter is relieved to find that Sylar hasn't reverted to his old ways. Later, the two walk through the Carnival with Sylar explaining to Peter that saving Emma while sparing Doyle felt good to him and he enjoyed being a hero. Peter watches shocked as Claire jumps from the top of the Ferris Wheel to expose her power to the world.
Casting.
Jason La Padura, the casting director for "Heroes", stated that the character of Peter Petrelli was the hardest to cast due to conflicts regarding the Petrelli brothers' ages. La Padura states the Petrelli brothers were originally written to be twins, and it became obvious in the production process that in order to have correct dynamic between the two characters, Peter had to be the younger brother. Milo Ventimiglia's role as Peter was one of the last to be cast and the most difficult. Greg Grunberg originally auditioned for the role of Peter Petrelli, but instead landed the role of Matt Parkman.
Powers and abilities.
Empathic mimicry.
Peter's original ability is to mimic the powers of others, acquiring powers simply by being near someone. Peter is eventually stripped of his abilities by his father Arthur Petrelli, before later regaining a modified form of this ability called ability replication through the formula.
Series creator Tim Kring stated that Peter's original ability is "based on his empathy and his ability to connect with people." As well, Claude refers to Peter as empathic. According to Dr. Suresh, Peter's DNA automatically resequences itself to mimic the abilities of those around him. At first, Peter could only mimic powers while in close proximity to their source, but then learned how to recall previously mimicked powers with greater and greater ease with the help of Claude. Angela Petrelli describes Peter as being "the most powerful of us all".
During a confrontation with his father in "Dying of the Light", Peter is stripped of his empathic mimicry as well as every ability he had previously absorbed. 
Prior to his confrontation with his father, Peter used the following abilities, not including powers used by future incarnations of himself:
Ability replication.
In the mid-season finale, "Dual", he injects himself with a power granting formula and gains a new, more limited mimicry ability called ability replication. He is once again able to mimic others' powers, but now he requires physical contact to do so, and can only retain one ability at a time, losing the previous power each time he gains a new one. "Heroes" producers Joe Pokaski and Aron Coliete said in an interview that, " is still trying to get a handle on his powers. Just like during the first season, it’s going to take him some time to get a handle on these powers." By the time of the episode "Cold Wars", he has gained enough control over his mimicry that he can touch people without taking on their powers if he wants to.
Peter's current ability is Samuel Sullivan's Terrakinesis as of "Brave New World". 

</doc>
<doc id="5951301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951301" title="International Artists">
International Artists

International Artists (IA) was an independent record label based in Houston, Texas that originally existed from 1965 to 1970. 
During its existence IA released 12 albums and 39 singles and was owned by a group of businessmen in Houston. Among its staff were producer Lelan Rogers, brother of country singer Kenny Rogers. The label is famous for its roster of well-known Texas psychedelic rock bands, including The 13th Floor Elevators, The Red Crayola and Bubble Puppy, as well as lesser known bands such as The Golden Dawn, Lost And Found and Endle St. Cloud. International Artists also released an album by blues guitarist Lightnin' Hopkins that featured session work by the 13th Floor Elevators' rhythm section.
The label originally folded in 1971, but was revived by Lelan Rogers in 1978. Rogers released a box-set that reissued all 12 albums. In 1980 the double-LP "Epitaph for a Legend" (IA #13) reissued rare International Artists tracks from Roky Erickson's first band, The Spades, early demos by the Red Krayola, and forgotten relics from other Texas blues and psychedelic artists. A six-CD box set, "The Best of International Artists", was released in 2003 and included the entire "Epitaph" compilation along reissues of the debut albums by the Thirteenth Floor Elevators, Red Krayola, Lost & Found and Bubble Puppy.
In 2008, now under the control of Charly Records, the label began to re-issue all of its past albums together with some rarities and previously unheard recordings, including a 10CD box set dedicated solely to the Thirteenth Floor Elevators.

</doc>
<doc id="5951306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951306" title="Perfect Remedy">
Perfect Remedy

Perfect Remedy is the nineteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo
Personnel.
Recorded at Compass Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5951307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951307" title="Raymond Monvoisin">
Raymond Monvoisin

Raymond Auguste Quinsac Monvoisin (May 31, 1790 - March 26, 1870), was a French artist and painter.
Biography.
Monvoisin was born in Bordeaux.
Although he initiated a career in the military by indication of his father, at the age of eighteen Monvoisin fully dedicated himself to painting. He moved from Burgundy to Paris, and was employed at the workshop of Pierre Guérin, with whom he worked in the neoclassic and mythologic themes that were center of attention by artists and scholars at the time. He studied in the Académie des beaux-arts of France, and his work soon earned him the support of the critics. His works achieved commercial success. He was hired by merchants, bankers and other members of the newly emerging middle-class. In 1819 he carried out his first exposition in the Museum of the Louvre. The fame he achieved in his own country earned him the Legion of Honor. After obtaining recognition in Paris, he travelled to Italy where he obtained a scholarship to study in Villa Medici in Rome. 
Interested in the opportunities in the newly independent Americas, Monvoisin travelled to Argentina and from there to Chile. He received an official invitation from the Chilean government to direct the Academy of Painting which was officially created on March 17, 1848. With almost no funds, he arrived at Santiago. Preceded by his fame, he was introduced to the high-class families of the capital and, in turn, to work as a successful portrayer. His works had a decisive influence in the new Chilean society, which acquired the inclinations of European fashion, especially French. 
He dedicated his efforts to many different activities during his stay in Chile. He traveled through the country, invested in mines, and created a ranching estate. His first years as a drawing professor in Paris helped in forming notorious artists of the moment like Francisco Mandiola and Procesa Sarmiento. Along with French painter Clara Filleul, he mobilized the pictorial art in Chile and Argentina. He was elevated to a Knight of the Legion of Honor in 1857, and returned to France in 1858, but his fame had vanished. 
He died in poverty in 1870 at Boulogne-sur-Mer.

</doc>
<doc id="5951313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951313" title="Master of G">
Master of G

The Master of G series is a collection of G-Shock watches produced by Japanese electronics and wristwatch manufacturer Casio in the late 1990s. There were several models in the range, as these were designed for use in harsh environments, and many were designed to showcase a new form of technology that Casio would eventually introduce into the G-Shock and ProTrek outdoor ranges, such as the Tough Solar power source, altimeter function and digital compass.
History.
The Master of G series began in 1985 with the G-Shock II, model number DW-5500C. This was a classic square G-Shock, but the bezel contained softer parts and slipped over the buttons. This way Casio created a Mud Resistant structure. The DW-5500C was therefore nicknamed "Mudman". It took until November, 1993 before Casio came up with the Frogman model, however at this stage the watch was not called a Frogman, except in Japan where the case-back did feature the word "FROGMAN" and a small figure of a diving frog. The Frogman was a heavy divers model that featured a unique asymmetrical design of thick rubber shielding around a self-contained module, with titanium screw-back case—an unusually high-cost design. A thick double-tang resin strap and multitude of digital features including dive timing completed a competent diver's watch. The Frogman proved to be very popular, and this is presumably one of the key reasons why at some point between then and 1995 Casio decided to produce more high-end premium models, and with them limited edition colour variants that, due to their scarcity, have in some cases become very valuable indeed.
It seems that the last of the "first wave" of Masters watches ceased production around 2000, but there are signs Casio is keen to keep the range alive, not just with limited edition releases but with re-designs of some of the old Masters, such as the new Mudman models released in 2006, followed by new Gulfman models in 2007.
Three of the current Masters of G have been included in a new collection launched on February 2009, the Men In Rusty Black (MIRB) series. The watches under this theme, which include the Riseman (GW-9200MS), the Frogman (GW-200MS) and the Mudman (G-9000MS), are said to feature a military-inspired look.
Characteristics.
Master of G series watches are invariably amongst the largest G-Shock designs Casio produces, usually suited for those with larger wrists. They almost always named with a "man" suffix, after the initial Frogman model which itself was named for scuba divers. Three models, the Mudman, Gaussman, Raysman and Rangeman all feature a thick rubber outer layer that surrounds the buttons and case completely, ensuring they offer mud-resistance. The Gaussman was also ISO-certified anti-magnetic.
Most models consist of a steel case surrounded by a thick neoprene or polyurethane bezel and outer protection. All models except the earliest Frogmen feature Casio's Illuminator display lighting system and are water resistant to 20 atmospheres (20bar/200metres), and are thus suitable for scuba-diving except at depths requiring helium-oxygen gas.
Some of the modules incorporate highly advanced functions. The Riseman featured twin sensors that measured both temperature and atmospheric pressure, thus allowing it to serve as a barometer and altimeter. The Raysman was the first model to make use of Tough Solar technology to power its functions, the Wademan featured a digital compass, the Fisherman helped introduce the now-common tide graph and moonphase readouts, and the Antman was the first watch Casio made that received an atomic signal that calibrated its timekeeping with atomic clock transponders in Japan.
Today, it is not unusual for two or more of these features to be found in a single Master of G model i.e. the current GW-9200 Riseman has Tough Solar to power its radio-calibrated timekeeping and thermometer/altimeter/barometer functions; the GWF-1000 Frogman and GW-9110 Gulfman both feature solar power, radio timekeeping and tide and moon phase indicators. The current Mudman, designated as the GW-9300, has one of the most extensive feature sets by far, with mud/dust resistance, solar power, radio timekeeping, moon phase display, thermometer and digital compass functions.
Collectibility.
Because they are no longer in production most of the Masters series command strong resale values; examples in NOS (New Old Stock) condition command a premium. Prices are sometimes higher outside of Japan, not least because many models were produced only for the domestic market rather than for North America and Europe.
There have been several limited editions of the Masters series, and depending on their scarcity these command some of the highest prices for any of Casio watches. The "Men in Black" and "Men in Yellow" series are black and yellow versions of the Masters and typically command anywhere between two and three times the resale value of the regular versions. Some models such as the "Brazilian" Frogman and A.R.T.P.I Wademan are even scarcer and can command even higher prices, though their value is hard to predict as there are limited numbers and the price is largely determined by demand from individual collectors.
Although not always available, all models are usually valued at 500 USD or less, providing an affordable alternative to the collecting of prestige watches.

</doc>
<doc id="5951324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951324" title="Howden Minster">
Howden Minster

Howden Minster is a large Grade I listed Church of England church in the Diocese of York. It is located in Howden, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is one of the largest and most magnificent churches in the East Riding of Yorkshire. It is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul and it is therefore properly known as 'the Minster Church of St Peter and St Paul'. Its Grade I listed status also includes the Chapter House.
History.
Howden Minster was owned by monks from Peterborough Abbey in Saxon times, but in 1080 it was gifted to William of Calais (Bishop of Durham). Although dependent on Durham, the minster was in the Diocese of York. Rebuilding the Norman church in the Early English style seems to have been begun in 1228. It became a Collegiate Church in 1267. Rebuilding work was completed in the Decorated style around 1340. A small octagonal Chapter House was built after 1388, the last of its kind to be built in England. The church survived the Dissolution of the Monasteries as it was not a monastery, but fell victim to the Dissolution of Collegiate Churches and Chantries in 1548.
Although the minster was not destroyed in the Dissolution, the choir or chancel was allowed to fall into ruin, and only the nave was used for services. The roof eventually collapsed in 1696, and the chapter house roof collapsed in 1750. The ruins are now in the guardianship of English Heritage, preserved by the Department of the Environment, and are in the condition of a 'safe ruin'. The chapter house received a new roof in 1984. The ruins can only be seen from the outside, as they are still part of the current minster church.
St John of Howden.
John was one of the earliest Canons of Howden, and was a man of outstanding holiness and humility. He was responsible for the rebuilding of the choir of the minster. He died in 1275 and was buried in a shrine in the choir. The tomb survived until the 16th century. His feast day is the 2nd May.

</doc>
<doc id="5951342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951342" title="Gonzalo de Sandoval">
Gonzalo de Sandoval

Gonzalo de Sandoval (1497, Medellín, Spain – late in 1528, Palos de la Frontera, Spain) was a Spanish conquistador in New Spain (Mexico) and briefly co-governor of the colony while Hernán Cortés was away from the capital (March 2, 1527 to August 22, 1527).
Arrival in New Spain.
Sandoval was the youngest of the lieutenants of Cortés. They arrived together in New Spain in 1519. After the subjugation of Moctezuma, Cortés placed him in command at Villa Rica de Vera Cruz as "alguacil mayor". He seized the messengers of Pánfilo de Narváez, who demanded the surrender of the town, and sent them as prisoners to Cortés. In the ensuing battle, it was Sandoval who captured Narváez.
He led the vanguard in the Spanish retreat on the Noche Triste in 1520. He conducted operations against the Aztecs from a post called "Segura", near Tepeaca. He stayed there until the brigantines were built for the attack by water on the capital, when he went to Tlaxcala to direct their transportation overland.
Siege of Tenochtitlan.
Along the way he was ordered to conquer a town the Spanish had named "poblado morisco" (Moorish town) in Calpulalpa or Sultepec. The population fled at the approach of the Spanish. Sandoval found some horse hides hung in a temple. (The Indians had no horses.) In another temple he found the inscription: "Here was imprisoned the hapless Juan Yuste, with many others I brought in my company." Yuste was one of the soldiers who had arrived with Narváez. Sandoval destroyed the town, and then returned to his task of transporting the vessels for the attack on Tenochtitlan.
In the siege he occupied the eastern approach. In the first assault he supported Pedro de Alvarado in the attempt to gain the marketplace. One of the men under his command, García Holguín, in command of one of the brigantines in the assault on Tenochtitlan, captured the "Tlatoani" Cuauhtémoc. Holguín and Sandoval took him to Cortés.
After the fall of Tenochtitlan.
In December 1521, Sandoval met Cristóbal de Tapia, who had been sent by the Crown to relieve Cortes, and in a council of officers obtained a delay.
He became the godfather of one of the nobles of Tlaxcala, Citlalpopocatzin, who took the baptismal name of "Bartolomé".
Later he was sent to the region of Coatzacoalcos, where he pacified Huatusco, Tuxtepec and Oaxaca. He also founded the town of Medellín in Tatatetelco, near Huatusco and south of present-day Veracruz; completed the pacification of Coatzacoalcos; founded the port of Espíritu Santo along the Coatzacoalcos River; took the best village (Guaspaltepeque) for his own; and consolidated the subjugation of Centla, Chinantla and Tabasco. In Pánuco, he repressed an indigenous insurrection. In 1521 he sent 200 pesos of gold to his father in Spain.
Founding of Colima.
After Juan Rodríguez de Villafuerte was defeated by the Indigenous in the Valley of Tecomán (in the present-day state of Colima) in 1522, Cortés sent Gonzalo de Sandoval there with instructions to conquer the territory and found a town. In the indigenous town of Caxitlán, near the coast, Sandoval founded the city of Colima in its first location on July 25, 1523. He also established its city government, the third oldest in New Spain. Later, in 1527, Francisco Cortés de San Buenaventura moved the city to its present location and gave it the name of "San Sebastián de Colima".
Honduras.
He was with Cortés in Honduras in 1524, where he was made "alguacil" and granted some encomiendas, such as Xacona. On his return from this expedition, he was made "justicia mayor" of New Spain. He replaced Marcos de Aguilar in the governing council of the colony on March 2, 1527 and served in the government until August 22, 1527.
Return to Spain.
In the middle of April of the following year, he left New Spain with Cortés to return to the mother country. He became mortally ill on the voyage. After his arrival in Spain, someone took advantage of his illness to steal the 13 bars of gold that constituted his fortune. He died soon after arriving in Spain, and his remains were interred in La Rábida Monastery. Since he had no legitimate children, his parents and his niece Saavedra were his heirs.
Evaluation.
Bernal Díaz del Castillo, his friend and battle companion, wrote that he was a good judge and administrator, besides being a good soldier. 
Díaz del Castillo also said this about him:
He was not highly educated, but a simple man; neither was he covetous for gold, but only for fame and to be a good, strong captain. In the wars of New Spain he always took account of the soldiers... and befriended them and helped them. He was not a man who wore rich clothes, but very plain ones.

</doc>
<doc id="5951345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951345" title="Out &amp; About">
Out &amp; About

Out & About may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951354" title="USS General A. W. Greely (AP-141)">
USS General A. W. Greely (AP-141)

USS "General A. W. Greely" (AP-141) was a named for U.S. Army general Adolphus Greely. She was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT "General A. W. Greeley" in 1946. On 1 March 1950 she was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS "General A. W. Greely" (T-AP-141). She was later sold and converted to a container ship and operated under several names before being scrapped in 1986.
Operational history.
The "Greely" was a Type C4 transport, laid down under Maritime Commission contract 18 July 1944 by Kaiser Co., Inc., Yard 3, Richmond, California; launched 5 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Clarke Wayland; acquired by the navy 22 March 1945; and commissioned the same day, Commander George W. Stedman Jr. in command.
After shakedown, "General A. W. Greely" embarked 2,923 troops and civilians and departed San Pedro, California, 16 April for Australia. She reached Melbourne, 4 May, then sailed the next day for Fremantle and India, arriving Calcutta, 20 May. After embarking homebound troops, she departed 28 May; steamed via Ceylon and Suez; and arrived Newport News, Virginia on 22 June. From 28 June to 7 July she sailed to Le Havre, France, where she embarked 3,000 troops before returning to New York, NY on 18 July. Between 28 July and 6 December she completed two round-trip voyages from New York to Calcutta, transporting occupation troops, mail, and cargo; and returning home-bound veterans to the United States. 
Departing New York 14 December, she reached Karachi, India, 4 January 1946 and embarked additional returning veterans. She sailed 6 January for the West Coast; and, steaming via Ceylon, Singapore, and the Philippines, she arrived Seattle, Washington, 2 February. She decommissioned at San Francisco, California, 29 March and was transferred to WSA the same day for use as a transport in the Army Transportation Service, as USAT "General A. W. Greely". Part of this transportation service involved the immigration of displaced persons from Europe to the United States. 
Reacquired by the navy 1 March 1950, the ship was assigned to Military Sea Transportation Service under a civilian crew and her designation was changed to USNS "General A. W. Greely" (T-AP-141). She departed Seattle 5 August and carried troops to the Far East in support of the effort to repel Communist expansion in Korea. Operating out of Seattle, during the next nine months she made four round-trip voyages to Japan, Korea, and Okinawa. Returning to Seattle 3 May 1951, she then sailed 24 May for duty in the Atlantic.
Operating out of New York, between 10 October 1951 and 22 February 1953 "General A. W. Greely" completed numerous transatlantic runs to Bremerhaven, Germany, and La Pallice, France. While en route from Bremerhaven in January 1952, she rescued survivors from the stricken merchantman SS "Flying Enterprise".
Placed in reduced operational status from 17 April until 5 June 1953, she departed Norfolk 16 June for Thule, Greenland. Arriving on 3 July, she served until 30 September as barracks ship during Operation "Blue Jay," the construction of Thule Air Force Base. She returned to New York 9 October; steamed to Bremerhaven and back between 10 November and 4 December; and was again placed in reduced operational status from 9 December until 19 July 1954.
"General A. W. Greely" departed New York 27 July, bound for the Pacific. Arriving San Francisco 11 August, she sailed for the Far East 7 September and operated in Korean and Japanese waters before returning to San Francisco via Adak, Alaska, 10 October. She steamed to Portland, Oregon, 27 October; entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet at San Diego in March 1955; and was transferred to the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington, 29 August 1959.
After being laid up in the reserve fleets for well over a decade, "General A.W. Greely" was sold for commercial use. Converted to a container ship in 1968, she subsequently was renamed several times, becoming SS "Hawaii Bear" in 1969, SS "Austral Glade" in 1975, SS "Pacific Enterprise" in 1979 and SS "Caribe Enterprise" in 1982. She was sold for scrapping in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5951363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951363" title="Portal – Libraries and the Academy">
Portal – Libraries and the Academy

portal: Libraries and the Academy is an academic journal established in 2001. It focuses on the role of libraries within the academy, addressing topics related to information technology, library administration, and the place of the library in an institution’s educational and research mission. It is particularly given to exploration of the effects of technology on scholarship. The journal has been recognized for excellence by the Council of Editors of Learned Journals and the American Library Association. The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5951364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951364" title="Rocking All Over the Years">
Rocking All Over the Years

Rocking All Over the Years is a compilation album by English rock band Status Quo.

</doc>
<doc id="5951372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951372" title="Mud snake">
Mud snake

The mud snake (Farancia abacura) is a species of nonvenomous, semiaquatic, colubrid snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
Description.
Mud snakes usually grow to a total length of 40 to 54 inches (1-1.4 m), with the record total length being slightly over 80 inches (2 m). 
The upperside of the mud snake is glossy, black. The underside is red and black, and the red extends up the sides to form bars of reddish-pink. 
Their heavy bodies are cylindrical in cross section, and their short tails have a terminal spine. 
Their head scalation is distinctive in that they have only one internasal, no preocular, and one anterior temporal. The dorsal scales are smooth, and are arranged in 19 rows at midbody. Ventrals 168-208; anal plate divided; subcaudals 31-55.
Habitat.
Mud snakes inhabit the edges of streams and cypress swamps, among dense vegetation or under ground debris. Mud snakes are commonly used as reference points for several other characters.
Behavior.
Mud snakes are mostly aquatic, and nocturnal as they prey on amphibians. They are known to use their sharply pointed tails to prod prey items, leading to the nickname "stinging snake".
Reproduction.
Breeding takes place in the spring, mostly in the months of April and May. Eight weeks after mating, the female lays 4 to 104 eggs in a nest dug out of moist soil. She will remain with her eggs until they hatch, in the fall, usually September or October. They can also be born in winter, which is the most common time.
Geographic range.
The mud snake is found in the southeastern United States, in the states of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Utah, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia.
Cultural significance.
The mud snake is one of a few animals which may be the origin of the hoop snake myth. J.D. Willson writes:
The hoop snake myth has also been attributed to the coachwhip snake.
Subspecies.
There are two recognized subspecies of "Farancia abacura", including the nominotypical subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="5951373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951373" title="Håvik">
Håvik

Håvik is a small village in Selje Municipality, in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. Håvik has approximately 35 inhabitants. Håvik has a high mountain at one side and the Nordpollen fjord right on the other side of the little village. Neighbouring villages are Flatraket, Nordpollen, Vengen, and Vetrhus. The closest store is at Flatraket, approximately a drive to the northwest. Håvik is about a drive from the town of Måløy in neighboring Vågsøy Municipality to the west and about the same distance to the municipal center of Selje to the north.
Håvik is an old name (formerly written as "Haavig") and comes from the high mountains "behind" the village, "hå" is an old Norwegian word for "high" and "vik" means "bay", therefore Håvik has high mountains by a bay.
In the mountains of Håvik, there is a cave with visible signs of early living. A handcrafted cup of stone was found and delivered to the Historic Museum in Bergen during the 1970s. In earlier days, the people in Håvik, made their living like many other villages along the Norwegian coast by a combination of fishing and farming. Today there are no longer any farming activities and the inhabitants all have jobs in the larger communities nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="5951393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951393" title="Kentaro Yano">
Kentaro Yano

Kentaro Yano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951437" title="Rock 'til You Drop">
Rock 'til You Drop

"Rock 'til You Drop" is the twentieth studio album by English rock band Status Quo.
Personnel.
Recorded at Bray Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5951444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951444" title="Umčari">
Umčari

Umčari (Serbian Cyrillic: Умчари) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Grocka.
Umčari is located in the southeastern part of the municipality, in the northern Šumadija region. It is situated on the Ralja river, on both the railway Belgrade-Požarevac and the highway Belgrade-Niš, 40 km southeast of Belgrade and 11 km south of the municipal seat of Grocka.
Umčari is statistically classified as a rural settlement (village). For 70 years population of the village stagnated but began depopulating in the 1990s. Population of Umčari:
Economy is based solely on agriculture. Umčari was the seat of its own municipality until the early 1960s when it was disbanded and annexed to the municipality of Grocka.
Findings of 5th century BC - Greek ornamented silver belts, pins, brooches and more were found at excavations of graves in Umčari.

</doc>
<doc id="5951457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951457" title="Peter von Uslar">
Peter von Uslar

Baron Peter von Uslar () ( –() was a Russian general, engineer and linguist of German descent, known for his research of languages and ethnography of peoples of Caucasus. 
Peter von Uslar was born in Kurovo manor in Tver Governorate, Russian Empire. Peter von Uslar after as graduated from the Chief Engineering School, he graduated from the General Staff Academy and did not have formal education in linguistics. 
In 1850 he was appointed member of the Caucasus Department of the Russian Geographical Society and ordered to compile the history of Caucasus. This appointment had eventually led to his interest in researching of Caucasian languages and to his tremendous contribution into the recording of numerous Caucasian languages from variuous linguistical groups, such as Abkhaz, Ubykh, Svan, Chechen, Avar, Lak, Tabasaran, Lezgian, Dargin, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5951462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951462" title="Mari Devon">
Mari Devon

Mari Devon is a voice actress.

</doc>
<doc id="5951464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951464" title="Neuötting">
Neuötting

Neuötting is a town in the district of Altötting, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Inn, 2 km north of Altötting, about 70 km north of Salzburg, 80 southwest of Passau and almost 100 km east of Munich. It is a stop on the railway line between Munich and Simbach.
Townscape.
Neuötting has a town square in the unique Inn-Salzach style, including two towers at each end. During the Middle Ages it was an important trading town for salt and grain, and had its own mint. It was also a military base for the Bavarian forces to keep Mühldorf am Inn, a rival town under the control of the Bishop of Salzburg, in check. Places of note for visitors are the large Gothic church Saint Nikolaus, the town museum, and the recently improved town square, on which shopping and open-air dining can be done.
Trivia.
- Most of the cobbles that make up the town square were made in China.
- A trolley line connected Neuötting with Altötting in the first half of the last century.

</doc>
<doc id="5951474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951474" title="Yak polo">
Yak polo

Yak polo (or "sarlagan polo") is a Mongolian variant of the sport polo. It is played on yaks instead of on horseback. 
Originally invented in the early 2000s as a tourist attraction, the sport is as of 2006 reported to have attracted a modest following in Mongolia. The Mongolian Association of Sarlagan Polo claims that the sport is booming, with four games a week being played in the summer of 2006.
In Pakistan, Yak polo is played in the Himalayas and Hindukush at Boroghil in District Chitral. The event is held in July every year and is sponsored by the Sarhad Tourism Corporation, Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5951506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951506" title="Bateman Hotel (Lowville, New York)">
Bateman Hotel (Lowville, New York)

The Bateman Hotel, previously known as Howell Hotel or Kellogg Hotel, located in Lowville, New York, is now a conglomerate of condos. At one time, it was a hotel with a kitchen, a dining room, and a saloon. The hotel is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The hotel was built in 1869 to replace a predecessor hotel, after the downtown area was burnt in a fire in January 1869.
A livery barn from c.1874 is a contributing structure on the property.
The hotel was owned in the 50's through 1980 by Harold and Marion Mahar. After Harold's death in the late 60's, Marion (called "Mother Mahar" by the locals) continued to run the hotel until her retirement in the early 1980s. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
Description.
The Bateman Hotel (1869) is located on the east side of State Street just south of Shady Avenue in the commercial downtown district of Lowville, Lewis County. The surrounding commercial district, which has been identified as an eligible State/National Registers Historic District, consists of a distinctive and well-preserved grouping of mid-late 190th century architecture representing the period of Lowville's greatest growth and prosperity. The Bateman Hotel is one of the most prominent and architecturally distinctive buildings within the district, occupying the center building in a massive four-story brick commercial block which dominates the downtown street-scape. Architecturally, the design and detailing of the Bateman Hotel incorporate characteristics of the Italianate and Second Empire styles popular during the latter half of the 19th century.
The Bateman Hotel is the center building in a commercial block of unified design and construction. Its main facade is characterized by a molded cornice with decorative brackets and full-height pilasters which break up the wall surface to form a pattern of 2-12-2 bays across the front. At the north and south ends windows are paired on the second and third stories and grouped in threes on the fourth. Throughout the upper stories windows are 1/1 sash set in round arches which are accentuated by full arch crowns on the fourth story. Belt courses separate the upper stories. A contrasting yellow brick coursing follows the top of the window heads on all three stories with limestone belt coursing at the sills. The first story contains three storefronts and the hotel's public space. The Colonial Revival porte-cochere with round Doric columns resting on cut stone piers which highlights the main entry, and the large paned glass storefronts reflect c.1909 renovations to the first story. The hotel's original main entrance had only a small extended weather roof which was replaced in 1874 by a hexagonal veranda, and again in 1909 with the present porte-cochere.
The rear (eastern) elevation of the Bateman Hotel is a plain brick facade resting on a random ashlar limestone base. Perpendicular to the main block on its north end is a three-story 4x3 bay brick wing with one-story covered wood porch. Adjacent to the porch on the north end is a one-story, wood frame enclosed section. Windows in the rear elevation contain 1/1 sash with plain stone sills and soldier course brick lintels. To meet current day building code requirements, a four-story brick, 3x1 bay elevator shaft/stairtower addition has recently been added (part of the tax credit project) to the rear of the building.
The first floor of the Bateman Hotel is divided into three areas. The first area contains the public space which includes the lobby, dining room, restaurant and bar, all interconnected; the second is the service space located in the rear section of the building which contains the kitchen and bathroom facilities; the third is the commercial space consisting of three storefronts located at the south end of the building. Dominant features of the hotel's interior include the centralized grand circular staircase that rises directly from the first floor through the fourth floor, and the longitudinal orientation of the double-loaded main corridors in a north-south direction on the upper floors which are connected to the main stairway by short passageways. The main corridor does not divide the building equally; rooms along the west side (front) of the building are typically two deep, while those along the east side (rear) are only a single room deep. The second and third floors' plans are almost identical, while the fourth floor differs only in that there is no rear section extending from the fourth floor. Two original stairways located at either end of the main corridors, which led to the now-removed corner towers, have been closed off. The rear wing of the building which originally contained the service area, has a double loaded corridor running east-west with a series of small rooms on either side.
With the exception of the first floor, which was renovated in 1909, original finishes throughout the hotel have been largely retained. They include: grained molded wood trim around doors, windows and baseboards (secondary rooms have only plain baseboards and moldings), six-panelled transomed doors off corridors into most rooms, plaster arches resting on wood brackets dividing sections of the hallway, and the four-story spiral stairway with full decorative wood balustrade. Extant first floor finishes reflecting the 1909 renovations include: plaster walls in some locations, heave decorative wood moldings, and pressed metal ceilings. the black and white (checkered) marble tile floor dates to 1876.
The historic architectural integrity of the Bateman Hotel has been very well preserved with its original form, fenestration and fabric largely intact. Alterations to the building's original exterior have been limited to the 1909 renovations to the first floor storefronts and main entry, the c.1960 removal of the domed cupolas from the building's north and south ends, replacement window sash (4/4 with 1/1), and the recent addition of a four-story stair tower to the rear of the building. An original passageway which cut through the hotel on its north side to allow the passage of carriages from State Street to the rear of the building has been closed off; in its place is a commercial establishment(bar).
Other noteworthy features of the Bateman Hotel are the historic large painted signs on the brickwork. On the rear extension is painted "The Bateman", under which the previous sign for the "Kellogg House" can still be made out. "The Bateman" is also painted on the street facade between the second and third floors and, again, "Kellogg House" is clearly discernible underneath.
A contributing feature on the property is the c.1874 livery barn located to the rear (east) of the Bateman Hotel in what is currently the parking area for the hotel. It is a 1-1/2 story heavy timber framed structure with board and batten siding and a standing seam metal roof.
Other.
The Bateman is located on Lowville's main road, State Street. As a large four-story building, it "dominates" the downtown area.

</doc>
<doc id="5951519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951519" title="Tom Kalinske">
Tom Kalinske

Thomas "Tom" Kalinske is an American businessman and currently the Executive Chairman of Global Education Learning, a company dedicated to improving education in China. He is best known as the president and CEO of Sega of America from 1990 to 1996, and Mattel before that. His aggressive marketing decisions during his time at Sega, such as price drops, attacking Nintendo, and the famous "Sega Scream" TV campaign, are often cited as key elements in the success of the Sega Genesis. 
Inadvertently he contributed to the Sega Saturn failure in the US, where during E3 1995, Tom Kalinske announced that the system was available in selected stores effective immediately instead of sticking by the planned date of 2nd of September 1995, dubbed “Saturnday”. However, Kalinske was completely against releasing the Saturn early, but was forced to do so by Sega of Japan. With few games and consoles in stock, the pre-selected retailers simply weren’t ready to begin distributing the machine, and those left out of the loop were so downright offended by this move that they refused to distribute the Saturn at all. 
Despite leaving SEGA in 1996, Isao Okawa who owned SEGA at the time via CSK reached out to him and had him work with the Okawa Foundation.
Tom Kalinske gave an exclusive interview to Sega-16 via an hour long telephone conversation reflecting back on his Sega days on July 11, 2006. Tom is again quoted several times in IGN's 2009 article ""IGN Presents the History of SEGA"".
Legacy.
Blake J. Harris's book "Console Wars", released in May of 2014, chronicles Tom Kalinske's efforts to overthrow Nintendo. The story is told in a third person narrative which was assembled based on more than two hundred interviews carried out by the author with former Sega and Nintendo employees. A documentary from the book's author is in production, and the book is being adapted by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg as a movie.

</doc>
<doc id="5951520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951520" title="Thomas Stewart">
Thomas Stewart

Thomas Stewart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951523" title="Time Warp (album)">
Time Warp (album)

Time Warp is an album released by Chick Corea in 1995.
Track listing.
All tracks by Chick Corea.

</doc>
<doc id="5951529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951529" title="George Greenville">
George Greenville

George Greenville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951531" title="Hastings Pier">
Hastings Pier

Hastings Pier was a pleasure pier in Hastings, East Sussex, England. Built in 1872 and enjoying its prime in the 1930s, though becoming a popular music venue in the 1960s, it received major storm damage in 1990, closed to the public between 1999 and 2002, then closed again from 2006. Efforts continued to save the pier, which was in need of much investment. In the early hours of 5 October 2010 the pier suffered from a devastating fire (the second in its history) that destroyed 95% of its superstructure. The Hastings Pier and White Rock Trust say that, pending a structural survey, the substructure (the cast iron supports under the pier) may be salvageable. However, developers for Hastings Borough Council confirmed in an interview on 20 October 2010 that no plans had arisen as yet.
The pier has featured in many films and TV series, such as the ITV wartime drama "Foyle's War", which is set in Hastings. In 2009, it was featured in the music video for Ash's A-Z series single "Tracers" and Kingmaker's "Queen Jane" in 1993.
History.
The pier was opened on 5 August 1872 by the then Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, Earl of Granville. It was designed by Eugenius Birch, who also designed the West Pier, Brighton and Eastbourne Pier, both west of Hastings, and it is often seen as an innovative design considering the technical constraints of the late-Victorian period.
The original 2,000 seater pavilion was destroyed by fire in 1917. This was eventually replaced in 1922 and played host in the 1960s and the 1970s to notable artists such as The Rolling Stones, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Genesis, Tom Jones, Ten Years After, and Pink Floyd. Pink Floyd founder Syd Barrett played his last ever show with the band here on 20 January 1968.
During the 1930s, the pavilion extension buildings received an art deco facelift and a theatre rebuild. This was to be its prime era.
More renovation followed its temporary closure during WWII and it housed the famous Hastings embroidery during the 1066 celebrations in 1966.
Elements of the pier became listed in 1976 and subsequently changed hands on a regular basis with erratic structural renovation input from its subsequent owners.
In 1990 it suffered considerable storm damage, requiring a £1 million refurbishment. In 1996 it was put up for sale, but the future of the pier was put in grave doubt as interested buyers were reluctant to invest due to the serious amount of capital needed to improve the unstable structural supports. Financial losses led to the appointment of liquidators Leonard Curtis who closed the pier in 1999.
The pier was eventually sold in 2000 and reopened under new ownership in 2002. It was passed to an offshore enterprise in 2004.
Pier access withdrawn.
In July 2006, Hastings Borough Council, upon discovering that part of the pier's structure was unsafe, promptly closed the pier to the general public. Protracted legal wranglings between the pier's owners, Ravenclaw Investments, and Hastings Borough Council followed. Finally, Stylus Sports, a pier tenant who operated the gaming attractions, in conjunction with Hastings Borough Council, funded much of the needed £300,000 of repairs, which enabled the court order closing the pier to be lifted. This financial infusion enabled the majority of the pier to reopen on 4 July 2007.
However, on 12 March 2008 the Hastings Observer reported to concerned locals how storm damage had caused considerable damage and that two support columns were in imminent danger of collapse. To prevent public access and any resulting injuries, stronger barriers restricting public access to the damaged areas were put in place and repairs to the bracing fixtures prevented any disaster from occurring. Nevertheless, when the remaining major tenant closed for business, access to the pier was restricted. The failure of the owners to respond to appeals from the Council to repair the areas and the continual deterioration of the structure led to its long-term future becoming uncertain.
Efforts to save the pier.
The Hastings Pier & White Rock Trust was established to raise funds through various means to renovate the pier, ranging from community fund raising (cup collecting, raffles and quiz nights etc.) to larger scale grant applications. Their long term goal is to acquire the pier and form a not-for-profit company to renovate, reopen and revitalise the pier as a community owned asset. The Hastings Pier and White Rock Trust (HPWRT) strongly oppose to any decision to demolish and clear the site of the structure, which would cost an estimated £4 million of local money.
In August 2009, the Hastings Observer launched a campaign petition to Save the Pier, which is available for anyone interested in signing via an online website. More than 3,000 people have so far signed up. On Saturday 17 October 2009 more than 1,000 disgruntled residents marched along Hastings seafront to the Town Hall in protest of the Hastings Borough Councils' alleged lack of impetus with regard to dealing with the pier as an eyesore and its alleged unlawful sale to a foreign business, although there was no domestic interest. The march concluded with members of the Hastings Pier and White Rock Trust (HPWRT) handing a Compulsory Purchase Order pack, to the Council. It was hoped by many individuals and local small businesses that a decisive outcome would err in favour of promoting the seafront as a picturesque tourist attraction once again.
In November 2009 Kerry and Michelle Michael, along with a team of engineers, examined the possibility of purchasing Hastings Pier and restoring it to its former glory. These siblings also own The Grand Pier in Weston-super-Mare, which caught fire in 2008 and destroyed the pavilion, but they rebuilt it at a cost of more than £50million. However after a structural assessment of the Hastings Pier, it was estimated that repairs would cost in excess of £24million, with a similar amount needed to restore attractions to the pier head. The engineers dismally commented that the pier is "one good storm away from collapse".
October 2010 fire.
The pier suffered extensive fire damage during the early hours of Tuesday 5 October 2010. Although the fire brigade arrived shortly after being alerted (at approximately 0100 BST), the fire had quickly spread causing severe damage to the wooden buildings. Estimates indicate that 95% of the superstructure of the pier was subsequently destroyed in the fire. Two people were arrested on suspicion of arson, but, despite numerous bail hearings, no charges were made.
Redevelopment plans.
Prior to its destruction in a fire on 5 October 2010, Hastings Pier was deemed to be the pier most at risk in the UK by the National Piers Society.
Despite funding set-backs in 2009, such as the withdrawal of Capacity Builders grants, the Hastings Pier & White Rock Trust had made efforts to revitalise the pier. On 1 February 2010, Hastings Borough Council finally resolved to develop an approval in principle to compulsorily purchase the Pier on the agreement of a business plan and suitable funding source. The decision followed a study which showed the pier could be made safe for public use for £3million. On 16 March, Hastings Pier & White Rock Trust successfully obtained a £75k Feasibility grant to fund the completion of necessary engineering surveys and architectural plans for their overall business plan of securing capital funding. 
Following the fire in October that year, an English Heritage assessment confirmed that the previously noted heritage value of the substructure remained so the Hastings Pier & White Rock Trust submitted an application for £8.75m to the Heritage Lottery at the end of November 2010 to restore the substructure of the Pier and renovate the remaining building. Heritage Lottery trustees visited the project and pier on 16 March 2011 to assess the application. Hastings Borough Council were granted £100k toward emergency works by English Heritage in April 2011. This funding was intended to pay for structural supports to be applied to the central section which was weakened by the loss of the deck in the fire.
In May 2011, it was announced by Heritage Lottery Fund that a Stage 1 development grant, releasing the first £357,400 of a total £8.75m grant was awarded by Heritage Lottery. This development grant was intended to complete the business plan, develop the heritage learning and activities programme and raise the £1m funding match. In the meantime, Hastings Borough Council intended to progress the CPO. The remaining award (Stage 2) was subject to the funding match being raised, the authorisation of the business plan by the HLF and the successful completion of the CPO.
Opening of the Pier.
In August 2013, a Compulsory Purchase Order was enacted and the pier was returned to local ownership which enabled the £14m renovation project to go forward. Work has been underway and completion is estimated around Spring of 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="5951542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951542" title="Neusalza-Spremberg">
Neusalza-Spremberg

Neusalza-Spremberg is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the border with the Czech Republic, on the river Spree, 6 km northwest of Ebersbach, and 17 km southeast of Bautzen.

</doc>
<doc id="5951565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951565" title="Xenodontinae">
Xenodontinae

Xenodontinae is a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes. It encompasses a number of genera, which include species such as mud snakes and New World hognose snakes.
Genera.
Other genera are often placed here but may actually belong elsewhere:

</doc>
<doc id="5951566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951566" title="Great Lakes Football Conference">
Great Lakes Football Conference

The Great Lakes Football Conference (GLFC) began operations in the 2006 season, with six institutions competing. After the 2011 season the remaining institutions moved into the Great Lakes Valley Conference. A previous incarnation of the conference was disbanded after the 1999 season.
Future.
The Great Lakes Valley Conference plans to begin sponsoring football in the fall of 2012. This plan was announced shortly after William Jewell College was admitted to the league, giving the GLVC 16 members and 6 football playing members including William Jewell, Quincy University, University of Indianapolis, and Great Lakes Football Conference members Kentucky Wesleyan College, Missouri University of Science and Technology, and Saint Joseph's College. Later in 2010, McKendree University was admitted into the GLVC as the league's 17th member and 7th football playing member. On October 7, 2010, it was announced that the GLVC had accepted Central State University and Urbana University as associate members in football beginning with the 2012 season. [http://www.saintjoe.edu/news/?id=5703] In effect, this means that the Great Lakes Football Conference will be absorbed by the Great Lakes Valley Conference in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5951576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951576" title="History of electromagnetic theory">
History of electromagnetic theory

The history of electromagnetic theory begins with ancient measures to deal with atmospheric electricity, in particular lightning. People then had little understanding of electricity, and were unable to scientifically explain the phenomena. In the 19th century there was a unification of the history of electric theory with the history of magnetic theory. It became clear that electricity should be treated jointly with magnetism, because wherever electricity is in motion, magnetism is also present. Magnetism was not fully explained until the idea of magnetic induction was developed. Electricity was not fully explained until the idea of electric charge was developed.
Ancient and classical history.
The knowledge of static electricity dates back to the earliest civilizations, but for millennia it remained merely an interesting and mystifying phenomenon, without a theory to explain its behavior and often confused with magnetism. The ancients were acquainted with rather curious properties possessed by two minerals, amber () and magnetic iron ore. Amber, when rubbed, attracts light bodies; magnetic iron ore has the power of attracting iron.
Based on his find of an Olmec hematite artifact in Central America, the American astronomer John Carlson has suggested that "the Olmec may have discovered and used the geomagnetic lodestone compass earlier than 1000 BC". If true, this "predates the Chinese discovery of the geomagnetic lodestone compass by more than a millennium". Carlson speculates that the Olmecs may have used similar artifacts as a directional device for astrological or geomantic purposes, or to orient their temples, the dwellings of the living or the interments of the dead. The earliest Chinese literature reference to "magnetism" lies in a 4th-century BC book called "Book of the Devil Valley Master" (鬼谷子): "The lodestone makes iron come or it attracts it."
The discovery of amber and other similar substances in the ancient times suggests the possible perception of it by pre-historic man. The accidental rubbing against the skins with which he clothed himself may have caused an attraction by the resin, thus electrified, of the light fur in sufficiently marked degree to arrest his attention. Between such a mere observation of the fact, however and the making of any deduction from it, vast periods may have elapsed; but there came a time at last, when the amber was looked upon as a strange inanimate substance which could influence or even draw to itself other things; and this by its own apparent capacity and not through any mechanical bond or connection extending from it to them; when it was recognized, in brief, that nature held a lifeless thing showing an attribute of life.
Long before any knowledge of electromagnetism existed, people were aware of the effects of electricity. Lightning and other manifestations of electricity such as St. Elmo's fire were known in ancient times, but it was not understood that these phenomena had a common origin. Ancient Egyptians were aware of shocks when interacting with electric fish (such as the electric catfish) or other animals (such as electric eels). The shocks from animals were apparent to observers since pre-history by a variety of peoples that came into contact with them. Texts from 2750 BC by the ancient Egyptians referred to these fish as "thunderer of the Nile" and saw them as the "protectors" of all the other fish. Another possible approach to the discovery of the identity of lightning and electricity from any other source, is to be attributed to the Arabs, who before the 15th century used the same Arabic word for lightning ("barq") and the electric ray.
Thales of Miletus, writing at around 600 BC, noted that rubbing fur on various substances, such as amber would cause them to attract specks of dust and other light objects. Thales wrote on the effect now known as static electricity. The Greeks noted that if they rubbed the amber for long enough they could even get an electric spark to jump.
The electrostatic phenomena was again reported millennia later by Roman and Arabic naturalists and physicians. Several ancient writers, such as Pliny the Elder and Scribonius Largus, attested to the numbing effect of electric shocks delivered by catfish and torpedo rays. Pliny in his books writes: "The ancient Tuscans by their learning hold that there are nine gods that send forth lightning and those of eleven sorts." This was in general the early pagan idea of lightning. The ancients held some concept that shocks could travel along conducting objects. Patients suffering from ailments such as gout or headache were directed to touch electric fish in the hope that the powerful jolt might cure them.
A number of objects found in Iraq in 1938 dated to the early centuries AD (Sassanid Mesopotamia), called the Baghdad Battery, resembles a galvanic cell and is believed by some to have been used for electroplating. The claims are controversial because of supporting evidence and theories for the uses of the artifacts, physical evidence on the objects conducive for electrical functions, and if they were electrical in nature. As a result the nature of these objects is based on speculation, and the function of these artifacts remains in doubt.
Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
Magnetic attraction was once accounted by Aristotle and Thales for as the working of a soul in the stone. After the lapse of centuries, a new capacity of the lodestone became revealed in its polarity, or the appearance of opposite effects at opposite ends; then came the first utilization of the knowledge thus far gained, in the mariner's compass, leading to the discovery of the New World, and the throwing wide of all the portals of the Old to trade and civilization.
In the 11th century, the Chinese scientist Shen Kuo (1031–1095) was the first person to write of the magnetic needle compass and that it improved the accuracy of navigation by employing the astronomical concept of true north "(Dream Pool Essays", AD 1088 ), and by the 12th century the Chinese were known to use the lodestone compass for navigation. In 1187, Alexander Neckam was the first in Europe to describe the compass and its use for navigation.
Magnetism was one of the few sciences which progressed in medieval Europe; for in the thirteenth
century Peter Peregrinus, a native of Maricourt in Picardy, made a discovery of fundamental importance. The French 13th century scholar conducted experiments on magnetism and wrote the first extant treatise describing the properties of magnets and pivoting compass needles. The dry compass was invented around 1300 by Italian inventor Flavio Gioja.
Archbishop Eustathius of Thessalonica, Greek scholar and writer of the 12th century, records that "Woliver", king of the Goths, was able to draw sparks from his body. The same writer states that a certain philosopher was able while dressing to draw sparks from his clothes, a result seemingly akin to that obtained by Robert Symmer in his silk stocking experiments, a careful account of which may be found in the 'Philosophical Transactions,' 1759.
Italian physician Gerolamo Cardano wrote about electricity in "De Subtilitate" (1550) distinguishing, perhaps for the first time, between electrical and magnetic forces.
Toward the late 16th century, a physician of Queen Elizabeth's time, Dr. William Gilbert, in "De Magnete", expanded on Cardano's work and invented the New Latin word "electricus" from "" ("elektron"), the Greek word for "amber". Gilbert, a native of Colchester, Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, and sometime President of the College of Physicians, was one of the earliest and most distinguished English men of science — a man whose work Galileo thought enviably great. He was appointed Court physician, and a pension was settled on him to set him free to continue his researches in Physics and Chemistry.
Gilbert undertook a number of careful electrical experiments, in the course of which he discovered that many substances other than amber, such as sulphur, wax, glass, etc., were capable of manifesting electrical properties. Gilbert also discovered that a heated body lost its electricity and that moisture prevented the electrification of all bodies, due to the now well-known fact that moisture impaired the insulation of such bodies. He also noticed that electrified substances attracted all other substances indiscriminately, whereas a magnet only attracted iron. The many discoveries of this nature earned for Gilbert the title of "founder of the electrical science". By investigating the forces on a light metallic needle, balanced on a point, he extended the list of electric bodies, and found also that many substances, including metals and natural magnets, showed no attractive forces when rubbed. He noticed that dry weather with north or east wind was the most favourable atmospheric condition for exhibiting electric phenomena—an observation liable to misconception until the difference between conductor and insulator was understood.
Gilbert's work was followed up by Robert Boyle (1627—1691), the famous natural philosopher who was once described as "father of Chemistry, and uncle of the Earl of Cork." Boyle was one of the founders of the Royal Society when it met privately in Oxford, and became a member of the Council after the Society was incorporated by Charles II. in 1663. He worked frequently at the new science of electricity, and added several substances to Gilbert's list of electrics. He left a detailed account of his researches under the title of "Experiments on the Origin of Electricity". Boyle, in 1675, stated that electric attraction and repulsion can act across a vacuum. One of his important discoveries was that electrified bodies in a vacuum would attract light substances, this indicating that the electrical effect did not depend upon the air as a medium. He also added resin to the then known list of electrics.
This was followed in 1660 by Otto von Guericke, who invented an early electrostatic generator. By the end of the 17th Century, researchers had developed practical means of generating electricity by friction with an electrostatic generator, but the development of electrostatic machines did not begin in earnest until the 18th century, when they became fundamental instruments in the studies about the new science of electricity.
The first usage of the word "electricity" is ascribed to Sir Thomas Browne in his 1646 work, "Pseudodoxia Epidemica".
The first appearance of the term "electromagnetism" on the other hand comes from an earlier date: 1641.
"Magnes", by the Jesuit luminary Athanasius Kircher, carries on page 640 the provocative chapter-heading: ""Elektro-magnetismos" i.e. On the Magnetism of amber, or electrical attractions and their causes" ( "id est sive De Magnetismo electri, seu electricis attractionibus earumque causis").
18th century.
Improving the electric machine.
The electric machine was subsequently improved by Francis Hauksbee, Litzendorf, and by Prof. Georg Matthias Bose, about 1750. Litzendorf, researching for Christian August Hausen, substituted a glass ball for the sulphur ball of Guericke. Bose was the first to employ the "prime conductor" in such machines, this consisting of an iron rod held in the hand of a person whose body was insulated by standing on a block of resin. Ingenhousz, during 1746, invented electric machines made of plate glass. Experiments with the electric machine were largely aided by the discovery of the property of a glass plate, when coated on both sides with tinfoil, of accumulating a charge of electricity when connected with a source of electromotive force. The electric machine was soon further improved by Andrew Gordon, a Scotsman, Professor at Erfurt, who substituted a glass cylinder in place of a glass globe; and by Giessing of Leipzig who added a "rubber" consisting of a cushion of woollen material. The collector, consisting of a series of metal points, was added to the machine by Benjamin Wilson about 1746, and in 1762, John Canton of England (also the inventor of the first pith-ball electroscope) improved the efficiency of electric machines by sprinkling an amalgam of tin over the surface of the rubber.
Electrics and non-electrics.
In 1729, Stephen Gray conducted a series of experiments that demonstrated the difference between conductors and non-conductors (insulators), showing amongst other things that a metal wire and even pack thread conducted electricity, whereas silk did not. In one of his experiments he sent an electric current through 800 feet of hempen thread which was suspended at intervals by loops of silk thread. When he tried to conduct the same experiment substituting the silk for finely spun brass wire, he found that the electric current was no longer carried throughout the hemp cord, but instead seemed to vanish into the brass wire. From this experiment he classified substances into two categories: "electrics" like glass, resin and silk and "non-electrics" like metal and water. "Electrics" conducted charges while "non-electrics" held the charge.
Vitreous and resinous.
Intrigued by Gray's results, in 1732, C. F. du Fay began to conduct several experiments. In his first experiment, Du Fay concluded that all objects except metals, animals, and liquids could be electrified by rubbing and that metals, animals and liquids could be electrified by means of an electric machine, thus discrediting Gray's "electrics" and "non-electrics" classification of substances.
In 1737 Du Fay and Hauksbee independently discovered what they believed to be two kinds of frictional electricity; one generated from rubbing glass, the other from rubbing resin. From this, Du Fay theorized that electricity consists of two electrical fluids, "vitreous" and "resinous", that are separated by friction and that neutralize each other when combined. This two-fluid theory would later give rise to the concept of "positive" and "negative" electrical charges devised by Benjamin Franklin.
Leyden jar.
The Leyden jar, a type of capacitor for electrical energy in large quantities, was invented independently by Ewald Georg von Kleist on 11 October 1744 and by Pieter van Musschenbroek in 1745—1746 at Leiden University (the latter location giving the device its name). William Watson, when experimenting with the Leyden jar, discovered in 1747 that a discharge of static electricity was equivalent to an electric current. Capacitance was first observed by Von Kleist of Leyden in 1754. Von Kleist happened to hold, near his electric machine, a small bottle, in the neck of which there was an iron nail. Touching the iron nail accidentally with his other hand he received a severe electric shock. In much the same way Musschenbroeck assisted by Cunaens received a more severe shock from a somewhat similar glass bottle. Sir William Watson of England greatly improved this device, by covering the bottle, or jar, outside and in with tinfoil. This piece of electrical apparatus will be easily recognized as the well-known Leyden jar, so called by the Abbot Nollet of Paris, after the place of its discovery.
In 1741, John Ellicott "proposed to measure the strength of electrification by its power to raise a weight in one scale of a balance while the other was held over the electrified body and pulled to it by its attractive power". The Sir William Watson already mentioned conducted numerous experiments, about 1749, to ascertain the velocity of electricity in a wire. These experiments, although perhaps not so intended, also demonstrated the possibility of transmitting signals to a distance by electricity. In these experiments, the signal appeared to travel the 12,276-foot length of the insulated wire instantaneously. Le Monnier in France had previously made somewhat similar experiments, sending shocks through an iron wire 1,319 feet long.
About 1750, first experiments in electrotherapeutics were made. Various experimenters made tests to ascertain the physiological and therapeutical effects of electricity. Demainbray in Edinburgh examined the effects of electricity upon plants and concluded that the growth of two myrtle trees was quickened by electrification. These myrtles were electrified "during the whole month of October, 1746, and they put forth branches and blossoms sooner than other shrubs of the same kind not electrified.". Abbé Ménon in France tried the effects of a continued application of electricity upon men and birds and found that the subjects experimented on lost weight, thus apparently showing that electricity quickened the excretions. The efficacy of electric shocks in cases of paralysis was tested in the county hospital at Shrewsbury, England, with rather poor success.
Late 18th century.
Benjamin Franklin is frequently confused as the key luminary behind electricity; William Watson and Benjamin Franklin share the discovery of electrical potentials. Benjamin Franklin promoted his investigations of electricity and theories through the famous, though extremely dangerous, experiment of flying a kite through a storm-threatened sky. A key attached to the kite string sparked and charged a Leyden jar, thus establishing the link between lightning and electricity. Following these experiments, he invented a lightning rod. It is either Franklin (more frequently) or Ebenezer Kinnersley of Philadelphia (less frequently) who is considered to have established the convention of positive and negative electricity.
Theories regarding the nature of electricity were quite vague at this period, and those prevalent were more or less conflicting. Franklin considered that electricity was an imponderable fluid pervading everything, and which, in its normal condition, was uniformly distributed in all substances. He assumed that the electrical manifestations obtained by rubbing glass were due to the production of an excess of the electric fluid in that substance and that the manifestations produced by rubbing wax were due to a deficit of the fluid. This theory was opposed by Robert Symmer's "Two-fluid" theory in 1759. By Symmer's theory, the vitreous and resinous electricities were regarded as imponderable fluids, each fluid being composed of mutually repellent particles while the particles of the opposite electricities are mutually attractive. When the two fluids unite as a result of their attraction for one another, their effect upon external objects is neutralized. The act of rubbing a body decomposes the fluids, one of which remains in excess on the body and manifests itself as vitreous or resinous electricity.
Up to the time of Franklin's historic kite experiment, the identity of the electricity developed by rubbing and by electrostatic machines (frictional electricity) with lightning had not been generally established. Dr. Wall, Abbot Nollet, Hauksbee, Stephen Gray and John Henry Winkler had indeed suggested the resemblance between the phenomena of "electricity" and "lightning", Gray having intimated that they only differed in degree. It was doubtless Franklin, however, who first proposed tests to determine the sameness of the phenomena. In a letter to Peter Comlinson of London, on 19 October 1752, Franklin, referring to his kite experiment, wrote,
On 10 May 1742 Thomas-François Dalibard, at Marley (near Paris), using a vertical iron rod 40 feet long, obtained results corresponding to those recorded by Franklin and somewhat prior to the date of Franklin's experiment. Franklin's important demonstration of the sameness of frictional electricity and lightning doubtless added zest to the efforts of the many experimenters in this field in the last half of the 18th century, to advance the progress of the science.
Franklin's observations aided later scientists such as Michael Faraday, Luigi Galvani, Alessandro Volta, André-Marie Ampère and Georg Simon Ohm, whose collective work provided the basis for modern electrical technology and for whom fundamental units of electrical measurement are named. Others who would advance the field of knowledge included William Watson, Boze, Smeaton, Louis Guillaume Le Monnier, Jacques de Romas, Jean Jallabert, Giovanni Battista Beccaria, Tiberius Cavallo, John Canton, Robert Symmer, Abbot Nollet, John Henry Winkler, Richman, Dr. Wilson, Kinnersley, Joseph Priestley, Franz Aepinus, Edward Hussey Délavai, Henry Cavendish and Charles-Augustin de Coulomb. Descriptions of many of the experiments and discoveries of these early electrical scientists may be found in the scientific publications of the time, notably the "Philosophical Transactions", "Philosophical Magazine", "Cambridge Mathematical Journal", "Young's Natural Philosophy", Priestley's "History of Electricity", Franklin's "Experiments and Observations on Electricity", Cavalli's "Treatise on Electricity" and De la Rive's "Treatise on Electricity".
Henry Elles was one of the first people to suggest links between electricity and magnetism. In 1757 he claimed that he had written to the Royal Society in 1755 about the links between electricity and magnetism, asserting that "there are some things in the power of magnetism very similar to those of electricity" but he did "not by any means think them the same". In 1760 he similarly claimed that in 1750 he had been the first "to think how the electric fire may be the cause of thunder". Among the more important of the electrical research and experiments during this period were those of Franz Aepinus, a noted German scholar (1724–1802) and Henry Cavendish of London, England.
Franz Aepinus is credited as the first to conceive of the view of the reciprocal relationship of electricity and magnetism. In his work "Tentamen Theoria Electricitatis et Magnetism", published in Saint Petersburg in 1759, he gives the following amplification of Franklin's theory, which in some of its features is measurably in accord with present-day views: "The particles of the electric fluid repel each other, attract and are attracted by the particles of all bodies with a force that decreases in proportion as the distance increases; the electric fluid exists in the pores of bodies; it moves unobstructedly through non-electric (conductors), but moves with difficulty in insulators; the manifestations of electricity are due to the unequal distribution of the fluid in a body, or to the approach of bodies unequally charged with the fluid." Aepinus formulated a corresponding theory of magnetism excepting that, in the case of magnetic phenomena, the fluids only acted on the particles of iron. He also made numerous electrical experiments apparently showing that, in order to manifest electrical effects, tourmaline must be heated to between 37.5°С and 100 °C. In fact, tourmaline remains unelectrified when its temperature is uniform, but manifests electrical properties when its temperature is rising or falling. Crystals that manifest electrical properties in this way are termed pyroelectric; along with tourmaline, these include sulphate of quinine and quartz.
Henry Cavendish independently conceived a theory of electricity nearly akin to that of Aepinus. In 1784, he was perhaps the first to utilize an electric spark to produce an explosion of hydrogen and oxygen in the proper proportions that would create pure water. Cavendish also discovered the inductive capacity of dielectrics (insulators), and, as early as 1778, measured the specific inductive capacity for beeswax and other substances by comparison with an air condenser.
Around 1784 C. A. Coulomb devised the torsion balance, discovering what is now known as Coulomb's law: the force exerted between two small electrified bodies varies inversely as the square of the distance, not as Aepinus in his theory of electricity had assumed, merely inversely as the distance. According to the theory advanced by Cavendish, "the particles attract and are attracted inversely as some less power of the distance than the cube."" A large part of the domain of electricity became virtually annexed by Coulomb's discovery of the law of inverse squares.
Through the experiments of William Watson and others proving that electricity could be transmitted to a distance, the idea of making practical use of this phenomenon began, around 1753, to engross the minds of inquisitive people. To this end, suggestions as to the employment of electricity in the transmission of intelligence were made. The first of the methods devised for this purpose was probably that of Georges Lesage in 1774. This method consisted of 24 wires, insulated from one another and each having had a pith ball connected to its distant end. Each wire represented a letter of the alphabet. To send a message, a desired wire was charged momentarily with electricity from an electric machine, whereupon the pith ball connected to that wire would fly out. Other methods of telegraphing in which frictional electricity was employed were also tried, some of which are described in the history on the telegraph.
The era of galvanic or voltaic electricity represented a revolutionary break from the historical focus on frictional electricity. Alessandro Volta discovered that chemical reactions could be used to create positively charged anodes and negatively charged cathodes. When a conductor was attached between these, the difference in the electrical potential (also known as voltage) drove a current between them through the conductor. The potential difference between two points is measured in units of volts in recognition of Volta's work.
The first mention of voltaic electricity, although not recognized as such at the time, was probably made by Johann Georg Sulzer in 1767, who, upon placing a small disc of zinc under his tongue and a small disc of copper over it, observed a peculiar taste when the respective metals touched at their edges. Sulzer assumed that when the metals came together they were set into vibration, acting upon the nerves of the tongue to produce the effects noticed. In 1790, Prof. Luigi Alyisio Galvani of Bologna, while conducting experiments on "animal electricity", noticed the twitching of a frog's legs in the presence of an electric machine. He observed that a frog's muscle, suspended on an iron balustrade by a copper hook passing through its dorsal column, underwent lively convulsions without any extraneous cause, the electric machine being at this time absent.
To account for this phenomenon, Galvani assumed that electricity of opposite kinds existed in the nerves and muscles of the frog, the muscles and nerves constituting the charged coatings of a Leyden jar. Galvani published the results of his discoveries, together with his hypothesis, which engrossed the attention of the physicists of that time. The most prominent of these was Volta, professor of physics at Pavia, who contended that the results observed by Galvani were the result of the two metals, copper and iron, acting as electromotors, and that the muscles of the frog played the part of a conductor, completing the circuit. This precipitated a long discussion between the adherents of the conflicting views. One group agreed with Volta that the electric current was the result of an electromotive force of contact at the two metals; the other adopted a modification of Galvani's view and asserted that the current was the result of a chemical affinity between the metals and the acids in the pile. Michael Faraday wrote in the preface to his "Experimental Researches", relative to the question of whether metallic contact is productive of a part of the electricity of the voltaic pile: "I see no reason as yet to alter the opinion I have given; ... but the point itself is of such great importance that I intend at the first opportunity renewing the inquiry, and, if I can, rendering the proofs either on the one side or the other, undeniable to all."
Even Faraday himself, however, did not settle the controversy, and while the views of the advocates on both sides of the question have undergone modifications, as subsequent investigations and discoveries demanded, up to 1918 diversity of opinion on these points continued to crop out. Volta made numerous experiments in support of his theory and ultimately developed the pile or battery, which was the precursor of all subsequent chemical batteries, and possessed the distinguishing merit of being the first means by which a prolonged continuous current of electricity was obtainable. Volta communicated a description of his pile to the Royal Society of London and shortly thereafter Nicholson and Cavendish (1780) produced the decomposition of water by means of the electric current, using Volta's pile as the source of electromotive force.
19th century.
Early 19th century.
In 1800 Alessandro Volta constructed the first device to produce a large electric current, later known as the electric battery. Napoleon, informed of his works, summoned him in 1801 for a command performance of his experiments. He received many medals and decorations, including the Légion d'honneur.
Davy in 1806, employing a voltaic pile of approximately 250 cells, or couples, decomposed potash and soda, showing that these substances were respectively the oxides of potassium and sodium, which metals previously had been unknown. These experiments were the beginning of electrochemistry, the investigation of which Faraday took up, and concerning which in 1833 he announced his important law of electrochemical equivalents, viz.: ""The same quantity of electricity — that is, the same electric current — decomposes chemically equivalent quantities of all the bodies which it traverses; hence the weights of elements separated in these electrolytes are to each other as their chemical equivalents"." Employing a battery of 2,000 elements of a voltaic pile Humphry Davy in 1809 gave the first public demonstration of the electric arc light, using for the purpose charcoal enclosed in a vacuum.
Somewhat important to note, it was not until many years after the discovery of the voltaic pile that the sameness of annual and frictional electricity with voltaic electricity was clearly recognized and demonstrated. Thus as late as January 1833 we find Faraday writing in a paper on the electricity of the electric ray. ""After an examination of the experiments of Walsh, Ingenhousz, Henry Cavendish, Sir H. Davy, and Dr. Davy, no doubt remains on my mind as to the identity of the electricity of the torpedo with common "(frictional)" and voltaic electricity; and I presume that so little will remain on the mind of others as to justify my refraining from entering at length into the philosophical proof of that identity. The doubts raised by Sir Humphry Davy have been removed by his brother, Dr. Davy; the results of the latter being the reverse of those of the former. ... The general conclusion which must, I think, be drawn from this collection of facts "(a table showing the similarity, of properties of the diversely named electricities)" is, that electricity, whatever may be its source, is identical in its nature"."
It is proper to state, however, that prior to Faraday's time the similarity of electricity derived from different sources was more than suspected. Thus, William Hyde Wollaston, wrote in 1801: ""This similarity in the means by which both electricity and galvanism (voltaic electricity) appear to be excited in addition to the resemblance that has been traced between their effects shows that they are both essentially the same and confirm an opinion that has already been advanced by others, that all the differences discoverable in the effects of the latter may be owing to its being less intense, but produced in much larger quantity"." In the same paper Wollaston describes certain experiments in which he uses very fine wire in a solution of sulphate of copper through which he passed electric currents from an electric machine. This is interesting in connection with the later day use of almost similarly arranged fine wires in electrolytic receivers in wireless, or radio-telegraphy.
In the first half of the 19th century many very important additions were made to the world's knowledge concerning electricity and magnetism. For example, in 1819 Hans Christian Ørsted of Copenhagen discovered the deflecting effect of an electric current traversing a wire upon- a suspended magnetic needle.
This discovery gave a clue to the subsequently proved intimate relationship between electricity and magnetism which was promptly followed up by Ampère who shortly thereafter (1821) announced his celebrated theory of electrodynamics, relating to the force that one current exerts upon another, by its electro-magnetic effects, namely
Ampere brought a multitude of phenomena into theory by his investigations of the mechanical forces between conductors supporting currents and magnets.
The German physicist Seebeck discovered in 1821 that when heat is applied to the junction of two metals that had been soldered together an electric current is set up. This is termed Thermo-Electricity. Seebeck's device consists of a strip of copper bent at each end and soldered to a plate of bismuth. A magnetic needle is placed parallel with the copper strip. When the heat of a lamp is applied to the junction of the copper and bismuth an electric current is set up which deflects the needle.
Around this time, Siméon Denis Poisson attacked the difficult problem of induced magnetization, and his results, though differently expressed, are still the theory, as a most important first approximation. It was in the application of mathematics to physics that his services to science were performed. Perhaps the most original, and certainly the most permanent in their influence, were his memoirs on the theory of electricity and magnetism, which virtually created a new branch of mathematical physics.
George Green wrote "An Essay on the Application of Mathematical Analysis to the Theories of Electricity and Magnetism" in 1828. The essay introduced several important concepts, among them a theorem similar to the modern Green's theorem, the idea of potential functions as currently used in physics, and the concept of what are now called Green's functions. George Green was the first person to create a mathematical theory of electricity and magnetism and his theory formed the foundation for the work of other scientists such as James Clerk Maxwell, William Thomson, and others.
Peltier in 1834 discovered an effect opposite to Thermo-Electricity, namely, that when a current is passed through a couple of dissimilar metals the temperature is lowered or raised at the junction of the metals, depending on the direction of the current. This is termed the Peltier "effect". The variations of temperature are found to be proportional to the strength of the current and not to the square of the strength of the current as in the case of heat due to the ordinary resistance of a conductor. This second law is the C^2R law, discovered experimentally in 1841 by the English physicist Joule. In other words, this important law is that the heat generated in any part of an electric circuit is directly proportional to the product of the resistance of this part of the circuit and to the square of the strength of current flowing in the circuit.
In 1822 Johann Schweigger devised the first galvanometer. This instrument was subsequently much improved by Wilhelm Weber (1833). In 1825 William Sturgeon of Woolwich, England, invented the horseshoe and straight bar electromagnet, receiving therefor the silver medal of the Society of Arts. In 1837 Carl Friedrich Gauss and Weber (both noted workers of this period) jointly invented a reflecting galvanometer for telegraph purposes. This was the forerunner of the Thomson reflecting and other exceedingly sensitive galvanometers once used in submarine signaling and still widely employed in electrical measurements. Arago in 1824 made the important discovery that when a copper disc is rotated in its own plane, and if a magnetic needle be freely suspended on a pivot over the disc, the needle will rotate with the disc. If on the other hand the needle is fixed it will tend to retard the motion of the disc. This effect was termed Arago's rotations.
Futile attempts were made by Charles Babbage, Peter Barlow, John Herschel and others to explain this phenomenon. The true explanation was reserved for Faraday, namely, that electric currents are induced in the copper disc by the cutting of the magnetic lines of force of the needle, which currents in turn react on the needle. Georg Simon Ohm did his work on resistance in the years 1825 and 1826, and published his results in 1827 as the book "Die galvanische Kette, mathematisch bearbeitet".
He drew considerable inspiration from Fourier's work on heat conduction in the theoretical explanation of his work. For experiments, he initially used voltaic piles, but later used a thermocouple as this provided a more stable voltage source in terms of internal resistance and constant potential difference. He used a galvanometer to measure current, and knew that the voltage between the thermocouple terminals was proportional to the junction temperature. He then added test wires of varying length, diameter, and material to complete the circuit. He found that his data could be modeled through a simple equation with variable composed of the reading from a galvanometer, the length of the test conductor, thermocouple junction temperature, and a constant of the entire setup. From this, Ohm determined his law of proportionality and published his results. In 1827, he announced the now famous law that bears his name, that is:
Electromotive force = Current × Resistance
Ohm brought into order a host of puzzling facts connecting electromotive force and electric current in conductors, which all previous electricians had only succeeded in loosely binding together qualitatively under some rather vague statements. Ohm found that the results could be summed up in such a simple law and by Ohm's discovery a large part of the domain of electricity became annexed to theory.
Faraday and Henry.
The discovery of electromagnetic induction was made almost simultaneously, although independently, by Michael Faraday and Joseph Henry. While Faraday's early results preceded those of Henry, Henry was first in his use of the transformer principle. Henry's discovery of self-induction and his work on spiral conductors using a copper coil were made public in 1835, just before those of Faraday.
In 1831 began the epoch-making researches of Michael Faraday, the famous pupil and successor of Humphry Davy at the head of the Royal Institution, London, relating to electric and electromagnetic induction. The remarkable researches of Faraday, the "prince of experimentalists", on electrostatics and electrodynamics and the induction of currents. These were rather long in being brought from the crude experimental state to a compact system, expressing the real essence. Faraday was not a competent mathematician, but had he been one, he would have been greatly assisted in his researches, have saved himself much useless speculation, and would have anticipated much later work. He would, for instance, knowing Ampere's theory, by his own results have readily been led to Neumann's theory, and the connected work of Helmholtz and Thomson. Faraday's studies and researches extended from 1831 to 1855 and a detailed description of his experiments, deductions and speculations are to be found in his compiled papers, entitled Experimental Researches in Electricity.' Faraday was by profession a chemist. He was not in the remotest degree a mathematician in the ordinary sense — indeed it is a question if in all his writings there is a single mathematical formula.
The experiment which led Faraday to the discovery of electric induction was made as follows: He constructed what is now and was then termed an induction coil, the primary and secondary wires of which were wound on a wooden bobbin, side by side, and insulated from one another. In the circuit of the primary wire he placed a battery of approximately 100 cells. In the secondary wire he inserted a galvanometer. On making his first test he observed no results, the galvanometer remaining quiescent, but on increasing the length of the wires he noticed a deflection of the galvanometer in the secondary wire when the circuit of the primary wire was made and broken. This was the first observed instance of the development of electromotive force by electromagnetic induction.
He also discovered that induced currents are established in a second closed circuit when the current strength is varied in the first wire, and that the direction of the current in the secondary circuit is opposite to that in the first circuit. Also that a current is induced in a secondary circuit when another circuit carrying a current is moved to and from the first circuit, and that the approach or withdrawal of a magnet to or from a closed circuit induces momentary currents in the latter. In short, within the space of a few months Faraday discovered by experiment virtually all the laws and facts now known concerning electro-magnetic induction and magneto-electric induction. Upon these discoveries, with scarcely an exception, depends the operation of the telephone, the dynamo machine, and incidental to the dynamo electric machine practically all the gigantic electrical industries of the world, including electric lighting, electric traction, the operation of electric motors for power purposes, and electro-plating, electrotyping, etc.
In his investigations of the peculiar manner in which iron filings arrange themselves on a cardboard or glass in proximity to the poles of a magnet, Faraday conceived the idea of magnetic "lines of force" extending from pole to pole of the magnet and along which the filings tend to place themselves. On the discovery being made that magnetic effects accompany the passage of an electric current in a wire, it was also assumed that similar magnetic lines of force whirled around the wire. For convenience and to account for induced electricity it was then assumed that when these lines of force are ""cut"" by a wire in passing across them or when the lines of force in rising and falling cut the wire, a current of electricity is developed, or to be more exact, an electromotive force is developed in the wire that sets up a current in a closed circuit. Faraday advanced what has been termed the "molecular theory of electricity" which assumes that electricity is the manifestation of a peculiar condition of the molecule of the body rubbed or the ether surrounding the body. Faraday also, by experiment, discovered paramagnetism and diamagnetism, namely, that all solids and liquids are either attracted or repelled by a magnet. For example, iron, nickel, cobalt, manganese, chromium, etc., are paramagnetic (attracted by magnetism), whilst other substances, such as bismuth, phosphorus, antimony, zinc, etc., are repelled by magnetism or are diamagnetic.
Brugans of Leyden in 1778 and Le Baillif and Becquerel in 1827 had previously discovered diamagnetism in the case of bismuth and antimony. Faraday also rediscovered specific inductive capacity in 1837, the results of the experiments by Cavendish not having been published at that time. He also predicted the retardation of signals on long submarine cables due to the inductive effect of the insulation of the cable, in other words, the static capacity of the cable.
The 25 years immediately following Faraday's discoveries of electric induction were fruitful in the promulgation of laws and facts relating to induced currents and to magnetism. In 1834 Heinrich Lenz and Moritz von Jacobi independently demonstrated the now familiar fact that the currents induced in a coil are proportional to the number of turns in the coil. Lenz also announced at that time his important law that, in all cases of electromagnetic induction the induced currents have such a direction that their reaction tends to stop the motion that produces them, a law that was perhaps deducible from Faraday's explanation of Arago's rotations.
The induction coil was first designed by Nicholas Callan in 1836. In 1845 Joseph Henry, the American physicist, published an account of his valuable and interesting experiments with induced currents of a high order, showing that currents could be induced from the secondary of an induction coil to the primary of a second coil, thence to its secondary wire, and so on to the primary of a third coil, etc. Heinrich Daniel Ruhmkorff further developed the induction coil, the Ruhmkorff coil was patented in 1851, and he utilized long windings of copper wire to achieve a spark of approximately 2 inches (50 mm) in length. In 1857, after examining a greatly improved version made by an American inventor, Edward Samuel Ritchie, Ruhmkorff improved his design (as did other engineers), using glass insulation and other innovations to allow the production of sparks more than long.
Middle 19th century.
Up to the middle of the 19th century, indeed up to about 1870, electrical science was, it may be said, a sealed book to the majority of electrical workers. Prior to this time a number of handbooks had been published on electricity and magnetism, notably Auguste de La Rive's exhaustive ' "Treatise on Electricity",' in 1851 (French) and 1853 (English); August Beer's "Einleitung in die Elektrostatik, die Lehre vom Magnetismus und die Elektrodynamik", Wiedemann's ' "Galvanismus",' and Reiss' '"Reibungsal-elektricitat".' But these works consisted in the main in details of experiments with electricity and magnetism, and but little with the laws and facts of those phenomena. Henry d'Abria published the results of some researches into the laws of induced currents, but owing to their complexity of the investigation it was not productive of very notable results. Around the mid-19th century, Fleeming Jenkin's work on ' "Electricity and Magnetism" ' and Clerk Maxwell's ' "Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism" ' were published.
These books were departures from the beaten path. As Jenkin states in the preface to his work the science of the schools was so dissimilar from that of the practical electrician that it was quite impossible to give students sufficient, or even approximately sufficient, textbooks. A student he said might have mastered de la Rive's large and valuable treatise and yet feel as if in an unknown country and listening to an unknown tongue in the company of practical men. As another writer has said, with the coming of Jenkin's and Maxwell's books all impediments in the way of electrical students were removed, ""the full meaning of Ohm's law becomes clear; electromotive force, difference of potential, resistance, current, capacity, lines of force, magnetization and chemical affinity were measurable, and could be reasoned about, and calculations could be made about them with as much certainty as calculations in dynamics"".
About 1850, Kirchhoff published his laws relating to branched or divided circuits. He also showed mathematically that according to the then prevailing electrodynamic theory, electricity would be propagated along a perfectly conducting wire with the velocity of light. Helmholtz investigated mathematically the effects of induction upon the strength of a current and deduced therefrom equations, which experiment confirmed, showing amongst other important points the retarding effect of self-induction under certain conditions of the circuit.
In 1853, Sir William Thomson (later Lord Kelvin) predicted as a result
of mathematical calculations the oscillatory nature of the electric discharge of a condenser circuit. To Henry, however, belongs the credit of discerning as a result of his experiments in 1842 the oscillatory nature of the Leyden jar discharge. He wrote: "The phenomena require us to admit the existence of a principal discharge in one direction, and then several reflex actions backward and forward, each more feeble than the preceding, until the equilibrium is obtained". These oscillations were subsequently observed by B. W. Feddersen (1857) who using a rotating concave mirror projected an image of the electric spark upon a sensitive plate, thereby obtaining a photograph of the spark which plainly indicated the alternating nature of the discharge. Sir William Thomson was also the discoverer of the electric convection of heat (the "Thomson" effect). He designed for electrical measurements of precision his quadrant and absolute electrometers. The reflecting galvanometer and siphon recorder, as applied to submarine cable signaling, are also due to him.
About 1876 the American physicist Henry Augustus Rowland of Baltimore demonstrated the important fact that a static charge carried around produces the same magnetic effects as an electric current. The Importance of this discovery consists in that it may afford a plausible theory of magnetism, namely, that magnetism may be the result of directed motion of rows of molecules carrying static charges.
After Faraday's discovery that electric currents could be developed in a wire by causing it to cut across the lines of force of a magnet, it was to be expected that attempts would be made to construct machines to avail of this fact in the development of voltaic currents. The first machine of this kind was due to Hippolyte Pixii, 1832. It consisted of two bobbins of iron wire, opposite which the poles of a horseshoe magnet were caused to rotate. As this produced in the coils of the wire an alternating current, Pixii arranged a commutating device (commutator) that converted the alternating current of the coils or armature into a direct current in the external circuit. This machine was followed by improved forms of magneto-electric machines due to RItchie, Saxton, Clarke 1834, Stohrer 1843, Nollet 1849, Shepperd 1856, Van Maldern, Siemens, Wilde and others.
A notable advance in the art of dynamo construction was made by Mr. S. A. Varley in 1866 and by Dr. Charles William Siemens and Mr. Charles Wheatstone, who independently discovered that when a coil of wire, or armature, of the dynamo machine is rotated between the poles (or in the "field") of an electromagnet, a weak current is set up in the coil due to residual magnetism in the iron of the electromagnet, and that if the circuit of the armature be connected with the circuit of the electromagnet, the weak current developed in the armature increases the magnetism in the field. This further increases the magnetic lines of force in which the armature rotates, which still further increases the current in the electromagnet, thereby producing a corresponding increase in the field magnetism, and so on, until the maximum electromotive force which the machine is capable of developing is reached. By means of this principle the dynamo machine develops its own magnetic field, thereby much increasing its efficiency and economical operation. Not by any means, however, was the dynamo electric machine perfected at the time mentioned.
In 1860 an important improvement had been made by Dr. Antonio Pacinotti of Pisa who devised the first electric machine with a ring armature. This machine was first used as an electric motor, but afterward as a generator of electricity. The discovery of the principle of the reversibility of the dynamo electric machine (variously attributed to Walenn 1860; Pacinotti 1864 ; Fontaine, Gramme 1873; Deprez 1881, and others) whereby it may be used as an electric motor or as a generator of electricity has been termed one of the greatest discoveries of the 19th century.
In 1872 the drum armature was devised by Hefner-Alteneck. This machine in a modified form was subsequently known as the Siemens dynamo. These machines were presently followed by the Schuckert, Gulcher, Fein, Brush, Hochhausen, Edison and the dynamo machines of numerous other inventors. In the early days of dynamo machine construction the machines were mainly arranged as direct current generators, and perhaps the most important application of such machines at that time was in electro-plating, for which purpose machines of low voltage and large current strength were employed.
Beginning about 1887 alternating current generators came into extensive operation and the commercial development of the transformer, by means of which currents of low voltage and high current strength are transformed to currents of high voltage and low current strength, and vice-versa, in time revolutionized the transmission of electric power to long distances. Likewise the introduction of the rotary converter (in connection with the "step-down" transformer) which converts alternating currents into direct currents (and vice-versa) has effected large economies in the operation of electric power systems.
Before the introduction of dynamo electric machines, voltaic, or primary, batteries were extensively used for electro-plating and in telegraphy. There are two distinct types of voltaic cells, namely, the "open" and the "closed", or "constant", type. The open type in brief is that type which operated on closed circuit becomes, after a short time, polarized; that is, gases are liberated in the cell which settle on the negative plate and establish a resistance that reduces the current strength. After a brief interval of open circuit these gases are eliminated or absorbed and the cell is again ready for operation. Closed circuit cells are those in which the gases in the cells are absorbed as quickly as liberated and hence the output of the cell is practically uniform. The Leclanché and Daniell cells, respectively, are familiar examples of the "open" and "closed" type of voltaic cell. The "open" cells are used very extensively at present, especially in the dry cell form, and in annunciator and other open circuit signal systems. Batteries of the Daniell or "gravity" type were employed almost generally in the United States and Canada as the source of electromotive force in telegraphy before the dynamo machine became available, and still are largely used for this service or as "local" cells. Batteries of the "gravity" and the Edison-Lalande types are still much used in "closed circuit" systems.
In the late 19th century, the term luminiferous aether, meaning light-bearing aether, was a conjectured medium for the propagation of light. The word "aether" stems via Latin from the Greek αιθήρ, from a root meaning to kindle, burn, or shine. It signifies the substance which was thought in ancient times to fill the upper regions of space, beyond the clouds.
Maxwell.
In 1864 James Clerk Maxwell of Edinburgh announced his electromagnetic theory of light, which was perhaps the greatest single step in the world's knowledge of electricity. Maxwell had studied and commented on the field of electricity and magnetism as early as 1855/6 when "On Faraday's lines of force" was read to the Cambridge Philosophical Society. The paper presented a simplified model of Faraday's work, and how the two phenomena were related. He reduced all of the current knowledge into a linked set of differential equations with 20 equations in 20 variables. This work was later published as "On Physical Lines of Force" in March 1861. In order to determine the force which is acting on any part of the machine we must find its momentum, and then calculate the rate at which this momentum is being changed. This rate of change will give us the force. The method of calculation which it is necessary to employ was first given by Lagrange, and afterwards developed, with some modifications, by Hamilton's equations. It is usually referred to as Hamilton's principle; when the equations in the original form are used they are known as Lagrange's equations. Now Maxwell logically showed how these methods of calculation could be applied to the electro-magnetic field. The energy of a dynamical system is partly kinetic, partly potential. Maxwell supposes that the magnetic energy of the field is kinetic energy, the electric energy potential.
Around 1862, while lecturing at King's College, Maxwell calculated that the speed of propagation of an electromagnetic field is approximately that of the speed of light. He considered this to be more than just a coincidence, and commented ""We can scarcely avoid the conclusion that light consists in the transverse undulations of the same medium which is the cause of electric and magnetic phenomena.""
Working on the problem further, Maxwell showed that the equations predict the existence of waves of oscillating electric and magnetic fields that travel through empty space at a speed that could be predicted from simple electrical experiments; using the data available at the time, Maxwell obtained a velocity of 310,740,000 m/s. In his 1864 paper "A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field", Maxwell wrote, "The agreement of the results seems to show that light and magnetism are affections of the same substance, and that light is an electromagnetic disturbance propagated through the field according to electromagnetic laws".
As already noted herein Faraday, and before him, Ampère and others, had inklings that the luminiferous ether of space was also the medium for electric action. It was known by calculation and experiment that the velocity of electricity was approximately 186,000 miles per second; that is, equal to the velocity of light, which in itself suggests the idea of a relationship between -electricity and "light." A number of the earlier philosophers or mathematicians, as Maxwell terms them, of the 19th century, held the view that electromagnetic phenomena were explainable by action at a distance. Maxwell, following Faraday, contended that the seat of the phenomena was in the medium. The methods of the mathematicians in arriving at their results were synthetical while Faraday's methods were analytical. Faraday in his mind's eye saw lines of force traversing all space where the mathematicians saw centres of force attracting at a distance. Faraday sought the seat of the phenomena in real actions going on in the medium; they were satisfied that they had found it in a power of action at a distance on the electric fluids.
Both of these methods, as Maxwell points out, had succeeded in explaining the propagation of light as an electromagnetic phenomenon while at the same time the fundamental conceptions of what the quantities concerned are, radically differed. The mathematicians assumed that insulators were barriers to electric currents; that, for instance, in a Leyden jar or electric condenser the electricity was accumulated at one plate and that by some occult action at a distance electricity of an opposite kind was attracted to the other plate.
Maxwell, looking further than Faraday, reasoned that if light is an electromagnetic phenomenon and is transmissible through dielectrics such as glass, the phenomenon must be in the nature of electromagnetic currents in the dielectrics. He therefore contended that in the charging of a condenser, for instance, the action did not stop at the insulator, but that some "displacement" currents are set up in the insulating medium, which currents continue until the resisting force of the medium equals that of the charging force. In a closed conductor circuit, an electric current is also a displacement of electricity.
The conductor offers a certain resistance, akin to friction, to the displacement of electricity, and heat is developed in the conductor, proportional to the square of the current(as already stated herein), which current flows as long as the impelling electric force continues. This resistance may be likened to that met with by a ship as it displaces in the water in its progress. The resistance of the dielectric is of a different nature and has been compared to the compression of multitudes of springs, which, under compression, yield with an increasing back pressure, up to a point where the total back pressure equals the initial pressure. When the initial pressure is withdrawn the energy expended in compressing the "springs" is returned to the circuit, concurrently with the return of the springs to their original condition, this producing a reaction in the opposite direction. Consequently the current due to the displacement of electricity in a conductor may be continuous, while the displacement currents in a dielectric are momentary and, in a circuit or medium which contains but little resistance compared with capacity or inductance reaction, the currents of discharge are of an oscillatory or alternating nature.
Maxwell extended this view of displacement currents in dielectrics to the ether of free space. Assuming light to be the manifestation of alterations of electric currents in the ether, and vibrating at the rate of light vibrations, these vibrations by induction set up corresponding vibrations in adjoining portions of the ether, and in this way the undulations corresponding to those of light are propagated as an electromagnetic effect in the ether. Maxwell's electromagnetic theory of light obviously involved the existence of electric waves in free space, and his followers set themselves the task of experimentally demonstrating the truth of the theory. By 1871, he presented the "Remarks on the mathematical classification of physical quantities".
End of the 19th century.
In 1887, the German physicist Heinrich Hertz in a series of experiments proved the actual existence electromagnetic waves, showing that transverse free space electromagnetic waves can travel over some distance as predicted by Maxwell and Faraday. Hertz published his work in a book titled: "Electric waves: being researches on the propagation of electric action with finite velocity through space". The discovery of electromagnetic waves in space led to the development in the closing years of the 19th century of radio.
The electron as a unit of charge in electrochemistry was posited by G. Johnstone Stoney in 1874, who also coined the term "electron" in 1894. Plasma was first identified in a Crookes tube, and so described by Sir William Crookes in 1879 (he called it "radiant matter"). The place of electricity in leading up to the discovery of those beautiful phenomena of the Crookes Tube (due to Sir William Crookes), viz., Cathode rays, and later to the discovery of Roentgen or X-rays, must not be overlooked, since without electricity as the excitant of the tube the discovery of the rays might have been postponed indefinitely. It has been noted herein that Dr. William Gilbert was termed the founder of electrical science. This must, however, be regarded as a comparative statement.
Oliver Heaviside was a self-taught scholar who reformulated Maxwell's field equations in terms of electric and magnetic forces and energy flux, and independently co-formulated vector analysis. His series of articles continued the work entitled ""Electromagnetic Induction and its Propagation"", commenced in The Electrician in 1885 to nearly 1887 (ed., the latter part of the work dealing with the propagation of electromagnetic waves along wires through the dielectric surrounding them), when the great pressure on space and the want of readers appeared to necessitate its abrupt discontinuance. (A straggler piece appeared December 31, 1887.) He wrote an interpretation of the transcendental formulae of electromagnetism. Following the real object of true naturalists when they employ mathematics to assist them, he wrote to find out the connections of known phenomena, and by deductive reasoning, to obtain a knowledge of electromagnetic phenomena. Although at odds with the scientific establishment for most of his life, Heaviside changed the face of mathematics and science for years to come.
Of the changes in the field of electromagnetic theory, certain conclusions from "Electro-Magnetic Theory" by Heaviside are, if not drawn, at least indicated in this book. Two of them may be stated as follows:
The ultimate results of his work are twofold. (1) The first ultimate result is purely mathematical, which is important only to those who study mathematical physics. The system of "vectorial algebra" as developed by Mr. Heaviside was used because of ease for physical investigations to the methods of quaternions. (2) The second ultimate result is physical. It consists in more closely uniting the more recondite problems of telegraphy, telephony, "Teslaic phenomena" and "Hertzian phenomena" with the fundamental properties of the aether. In elucidating this connection, the merit of the book appears most prominently as a stepping-stone to the goal in the full view of all physical analysis, namely, the resolution of all physical phenomena to the activities of the aether, and of matter in the aether, under the laws of dynamics.
During the late 1890s a number of physicists proposed that electricity, as observed in studies of electrical conduction in conductors, electrolytes, and cathode ray tubes, consisted of discrete units, which were given a variety of names, but the reality of these units had not been confirmed in a compelling way. However, there were also indications that the cathode rays had wavelike properties.
Faraday, Weber, Helmholtz, Clifford and others had glimpses of this view; and the experimental works of Zeeman, Goldstein, Crookes, J. J. Thomson and others had greatly strengthened this view. Weber predicted that electrical phenomena were due to the existence of electrical atoms, the influence of which on one another depended on their position and relative accelerations and velocities. Helmholtz and others also contended that the existence of electrical atoms followed from Faraday's laws of electrolysis, and Johnstone Stoney, to whom is due the term "electron", showed that each chemical ion of the decomposed electrolyte carries a definite and constant quantity of electricity, and inasmuch as these charged ions are separated on the electrodes as neutral substances there must be an instant, however brief, when the charges must be capable of existing separately as electrical atoms; while in 1887, Clifford wrote: "There is great reason to believe that every material atom carries upon it a small electric current, if it does not wholly consist of this current."
The Serbian American engineer Nikola Tesla learned of Hertz’ experiments at the Exposition Universelle in 1889 and launched into his own experiments in high frequency and high potential current developing "high-frequency" alternators (which operated around 15,000 hertz).. He concluded from his observations that Maxwell and Hertz were wrong about the existence of air born electromagnetic waves (which he attributed it to what he called "electrostatic thrusts") but saw great potential in Maxwell's idea that that electricity and light were part of the same phenomena, seeing it as a way to create a new type of wireless electric lighting. By 1893 he was giving lectures on "", including a demonstration where he would light a Geissler tubes wirelessly. Tesla worked for many years after that trying to develop a wireless power distribution system.
In 1896, J.J. Thomson performed experiments indicating that cathode rays really were particles, found an accurate value for their charge-to-mass ratio e/m, and found that e/m was independent of cathode material. He made good estimates of both the charge e and the mass m, finding that cathode ray particles, which he called "corpuscles", had perhaps one thousandth of the mass of the least massive ion known (hydrogen). He further showed that the negatively charged particles produced by radioactive materials, by heated materials, and by illuminated materials, were universal. The nature of the Crookes tube "cathode ray" matter was identified by Thomson in 1897.
In the late 19th century, the Michelson–Morley experiment was performed by Albert A. Michelson and Edward W. Morley at what is now Case Western Reserve University. It is generally considered to be the evidence against the theory of a luminiferous aether. The experiment has also been referred to as "the kicking-off point for the theoretical aspects of the Second Scientific Revolution." Primarily for this work, Michelson was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1907. Dayton Miller continued with experiments, conducting thousands of measurements and eventually developing the most accurate interferometer in the world at that time. Miller and others, such as Morley, continue observations and experiments dealing with the concepts. A range of proposed aether-dragging theories could explain the null result but these were more complex, and tended to use arbitrary-looking coefficients and physical assumptions.
By the end of the 19th century electrical engineers had become a distinct profession, separate from physicists and inventors. They created companies that investigated, developed and perfected the techniques of electricity transmission, and gained support from governments all over the world for starting the first worldwide electrical telecommunication network, the telegraph network. Pioneers in this field included Werner von Siemens, founder of Siemens AG in 1847, and John Pender, founder of Cable & Wireless.
The first public demonstration of a "alternator system" took place in 1886. Large two-phase alternating current generators were built by a British electrician, J.E.H. Gordon, in 1882. Lord Kelvin and Sebastian Ferranti also developed early alternators, producing frequencies between 100 and 300 hertz. After 1891, polyphase alternators were introduced to supply currents of multiple differing phases. Later alternators were designed for varying alternating-current frequencies between sixteen and about one hundred hertz, for use with arc lighting, incandescent lighting and electric motors.
The possibility of obtaining the electric current in large quantities, and economically, by means of dynamo electric machines gave impetus to the development of incandescent and arc lighting. Until these machines had attained a commercial basis voltaic batteries were the only available source of current for electric lighting and power. The cost of these batteries, however, and the difficulties of maintaining them in reliable operation were prohibitory of their use for practical lighting purposes. The date of the employment of arc and incandescent lamps may be set at about 1877.
Even in 1880, however, but little headway had been made toward the general use of these illuminants; the rapid subsequent growth of this industry is a matter of general knowledge. The employment of storage batteries, which were originally termed secondary batteries or accumulators, began about 1879. Such batteries are now utilized on a large scale as auxiliaries to the dynamo machine in electric power-houses and substations, in electric automobiles and in immense numbers in automobile ignition and starting systems, also in fire alarm telegraphy and other signal systems.
In 1893, the World's Columbian International Exposition was held in a building which was devoted to electrical exhibits. General Electric Company (backed by Edison and J.P. Morgan) had proposed to power the electric exhibits with direct current at the cost of one million dollars. However, Westinghouse proposed to illuminate the Columbian Exposition in Chicago with alternating current for half that price, and Westinghouse won the bid. It was an historical moment and the beginning of a revolution, as George Westinghouse introduced the public to electrical power by illuminating the Exposition.
Second Industrial Revolution.
Between 1885 and 1890 Galileo Ferraris in Italy, Nikola Tesla in the United States, and Mikhail Dolivo-Dobrovolsky in Germany explored poly-phase currents combined with electromagnetic induction leading to the development of practical AC induction motors. The AC induction motor helped usher in the Second Industrial Revolution. The rapid advance of electrical technology in the latter 19th and early 20th centuries led to commercial rivalries. In the War of Currents in the late 1880s, George Westinghouse and Thomas Edison became adversaries due to Edison's promotion of direct current (DC) for electric power distribution over alternating current (AC) advocated by Westinghouse.
Several inventors helped develop commercial systems. Samuel Morse, inventor of a long-range telegraph; Thomas Edison, inventor of the first commercial electrical energy distribution network; George Westinghouse, inventor of the electric locomotive; Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone and founder of a successful telephone business.
In 1871 the electric telegraph had grown to large proportions and was in use in every civilized country in the world, its lines forming a network in all directions over the surface of the land. The system most generally in use was the electromagnetic telegraph due to S. F. B. Morse of New York, or modifications of his system. Submarine cables connecting the Eastern and Western hemispheres were also in successful operation at that time.
When, however, in 1918 one views the vast applications of electricity to electric light, electric railways, electric power and other purposes (all it may be repeated made possible and practicable by the perfection of the dynamo machine), it is difficult to believe that no longer ago than 1871 the author of a book published in that year, in referring to the state of the art of applied electricity at that time, could have truthfully written: "The most important and remarkable of the uses which have been made of electricity consists in its application to telegraph purposes". The statement was, however, quite accurate and perhaps the time could have been carried forward to the year 1876 without material modification of the remarks. In that year the telephone, due to Alexander Graham Bell, was invented, but it was not until several years thereafter that its commercial employment began in earnest. Since that time also the sister branches of electricity just mentioned have advanced and are advancing with such gigantic strides in every direction that it is difficult to place a limit upon their progress. Electrical devices account of the use of electricity in the arts and industries.
AC replaced DC for central station power generation and power distribution, enormously extending the range and improving the safety and efficiency of power distribution. Edison's low-voltage distribution system using DC ultimately lost to AC devices proposed by others: Westinghouse' AC system, Tesla's AC inventions, and the theoretical work of Charles Proteus Steinmetz. The successful Niagara Falls system was a turning point in the acceptance of alternating current. Eventually, the General Electric company (formed by a merger between Edison's companies and the AC-based rival Thomson-Houston) began manufacture of AC machines. Centralized power generation became possible when it was recognized that alternating current electric power lines can transport electricity at low costs across great distances by taking advantage of the ability to change voltage across the distribution path using power transformers. The voltage is raised at the point of generation (a representative number is a generator voltage in the low kilovolt range) to a much higher voltage (tens of thousands to several hundred thousand volts) for primary transmission, followed to several downward transformations, to as low as that used in residential domestic use.
The International Electro-Technical Exhibition of 1891 featuring the long distance transmission of high-power, three-phase electric current. It was held between 16 May and 19 October on the disused site of the three former "Westbahnhöfe" (Western Railway Stations) in Frankfurt am Main. The exhibition featured the first long distance transmission of high-power, three-phase electric current, which was generated 175 km away at Lauffen am Neckar. As a result of this successful field trial, three-phase current became established for electrical transmission networks throughout the world.
Much was done in the direction in the improvement of railroad terminal facilities, and it is difficult to find one steam railroad engineer who would have denied that all the important steam railroads of this country were not to be operated electrically. In other directions the progress of events as to the utilization of electric power was expected to be equally rapid. In every part of the world the power of falling water, nature's perpetual motion machine, which has been going to waste since the world began, is now being converted into electricity and transmitted by wire hundreds of miles to points where it is usefully and economically employed.
The first windmill for electricity production was built in Scotland in July 1887 by the Scottish electrical engineer James Blyth. Across the Atlantic, in Cleveland, Ohio a larger and heavily engineered machine was designed and constructed in 1887–88 by Charles F. Brush, this was built by his engineering company at his home and operated from 1886 until 1900. The Brush wind turbine had a rotor in diameter and was mounted on a 60-foot (18 m) tower. Although large by today's standards, the machine was only rated at 12 kW; it turned relatively slowly since it had 144 blades. The connected dynamo was used either to charge a bank of batteries or to operate up to 100 incandescent light bulbs, three arc lamps, and various motors in Brush's laboratory. The machine fell into disuse after 1900 when electricity became available from Cleveland's central stations, and was abandoned in 1908.
20th century.
Various units of electricity and magnetism have been adopted and named by representatives of the electrical engineering institutes of the world, which units and names have been confirmed and legalized by the governments of the United States and other countries. Thus the volt, from the Italian Volta, has been adopted as the practical unit of electromotive force, the ohm, from the enunciator of Ohm's law, as the practical unit of resistance; the ampere, after the eminent French scientist of that name, as the practical unit of current strength, the henry as the practical unit of inductance, after Joseph Henry and in recognition of his early and important experimental work in mutual induction.
Dewar and John Ambrose Fleming predicted that at absolute zero, pure metals would become perfect electromagnetic conductors (though, later, Dewar altered his opinion on the disappearance of resistance believing that there would always be some resistance). Walther Hermann Nernst developed the third law of thermodynamics and stated that absolute zero was unattainable. Carl von Linde and William Hampson, both commercial researchers, nearly at the same time filed for patents on the Joule-Thomson effect. Linde's patent was the climax of 20 years of systematic investigation of established facts, using a regenerative counterflow method. Hampson's design was also of a regenerative method. The combined process became known as the Linde-Hampson liquefaction process. Heike Kamerlingh Onnes purchased a Linde machine for his research. Zygmunt Florenty Wroblewski conducted research into electrical properties at low temperatures, though his research ended early due to his accidental death. Around 1864, Karol Olszewski and Wroblewski predicted the electrical phenomena of dropping resistance levels at ultra-cold temperatures. Olszewski and Wroblewski documented evidence of this in the 1880s. A milestone was achieved on 10 July 1908 when Onnes at the Leiden University in Leiden produced, for the first time, liquified helium and achieved superconductivity.
In 1900, William Du Bois Duddell develops the Singing Arc and produced melodic sounds, from a low to a high-tones, from this arc lamp.
Lorentz and Poincaré.
Between 1900 and 1910, many scientists like Wilhelm Wien, Max Abraham, Hermann Minkowski, or Gustav Mie believed that all forces of nature are of electromagnetic origin (the so-called "electromagnetic world view"). This was connected with the electron theory developed between 1892 and 1904 by Hendrik Lorentz. Lorentz introduced a strict separation between matter (electrons) and ether, whereby in his model the ether is completely motionless, and it won't be set in motion in the neighborhood of ponderable matter. Contrary to other electron models before, the electromagnetic field of the ether appears as a mediator between the electrons, and changes in this field can propagate not faster than the speed of light.
In 1896, three years after submitting his thesis on the Kerr effect, Pieter Zeeman disobeyed the direct orders of his supervisor and used laboratory equipment to measure the splitting of spectral lines by a strong magnetic field. Lorentz theoretically explained the Zeeman effect on the basis of his theory, for which both received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1902. A fundamental concept of Lorentz's theory in 1895 was the "theorem of corresponding states" for terms of order v/c. This theorem states that a moving observer (relative to the ether) makes the same observations as a resting observer. This theorem was extended for terms of all orders by Lorentz in 1904. Lorentz noticed, that it was necessary to change the space-time variables when changing frames and introduced concepts like physical length contraction (1892) to explain the Michelson–Morley experiment, and the mathematical concept of local time (1895) to explain the aberration of light and the Fizeau experiment. That resulted in the formulation of the so-called Lorentz transformation by Joseph Larmor (1897, 1900) and Lorentz (1899, 1904). As Lorentz later noted (1921, 1928), he considered the time indicated by clocks resting in the aether as "true" time, while local time was seen by him as a heuristic working hypothesis and a mathematical artifice. Therefore, Lorentz's theorem is seen by modern historians as being a mathematical transformation from a "real" system resting in the aether into a "fictitious" system in motion.
Continuing the work of Lorentz, Henri Poincaré between 1895 and 1905 formulated on many occasions the Principle of Relativity and tried to harmonize it with electrodynamics. He declared simultaneity only a convenient convention which depends on the speed of light, whereby the constancy of the speed of light would be a useful postulate for making the laws of nature as simple as possible. In 1900 he interpreted Lorentz's local time as the result of clock synchronization by light signals, and introduced the electromagnetic momentum by comparing electromagnetic energy to what he called a "fictitious fluid" of mass formula_1. And finally in June and July 1905 he declared the relativity principle a general law of nature, including gravitation. He corrected some mistakes of Lorentz and proved the Lorentz covariance of the electromagnetic equations. Poincaré also suggested that there exist non-electrical forces to stabilize the electron configuration and asserted that gravitation is a non-electrical force as well, contrary to the electromagnetic world view. However, historians pointed out that he still used the notion of an ether and distinguished between "apparent" and "real" time and therefore didn't invent special relativity in its modern understanding.
Einstein's "Annus Mirabilis".
In 1905, while he was working in the patent office, Albert Einstein had four papers published in the "Annalen der Physik", the leading German physics journal. These are the papers that history has come to call the "Annus Mirabilis Papers":
All four papers are today recognized as tremendous achievements—and hence 1905 is known as Einstein's "Wonderful Year". At the time, however, they were not noticed by most physicists as being important, and many of those who did notice them rejected them outright. Some of this work—such as the theory of light quanta—remained controversial for years.
Latter half of the 20th Century.
The first formulation of a quantum theory describing radiation and matter interaction is due to Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac, who, during 1920, was first able to compute the coefficient of spontaneous emission of an atom. Paul Dirac described the quantization of the electromagnetic field as an ensemble of harmonic oscillators with the introduction of the concept of creation and annihilation operators of particles. In the following years, with contributions from Wolfgang Pauli, Eugene Wigner, Pascual Jordan, Werner Heisenberg and an elegant formulation of quantum electrodynamics due to Enrico Fermi, physicists came to believe that, in principle, it would be possible to perform any computation for any physical process involving photons and charged particles. However, further studies by Felix Bloch with Arnold Nordsieck, and Victor Weisskopf, in 1937 and 1939, revealed that such computations were reliable only at a first order of perturbation theory, a problem already pointed out by Robert Oppenheimer. At higher orders in the series infinities emerged, making such computations meaningless and casting serious doubts on the internal consistency of the theory itself. With no solution for this problem known at the time, it appeared that a fundamental incompatibility existed between special relativity and quantum mechanics.
In December 1938, the German chemists Otto Hahn and Fritz Strassmann sent a manuscript to "Naturwissenschaften" reporting they had detected the element barium after bombarding uranium with neutrons; simultaneously, they communicated these results to Lise Meitner. Meitner, and her nephew Otto Robert Frisch, correctly interpreted these results as being nuclear fission. Frisch confirmed this experimentally on 13 January 1939. In 1944, Hahn received the Nobel Prize for Chemistry for the discovery of nuclear fission. Some historians who have documented the history of the discovery of nuclear fission believe Meitner should have been awarded the Nobel Prize with Hahn.
Difficulties with the Quantum theory increased through the end of 1940. Improvements in microwave technology made it possible to take more precise measurements of the shift of the levels of a hydrogen atom, now known as the Lamb shift and magnetic moment of the electron. These experiments unequivocally exposed discrepancies which the theory was unable to explain. With the invention of bubble chambers and spark chambers in the 1950s, experimental particle physics discovered a large and ever-growing number of particles called hadrons. It seemed that such a large number of particles could not all be fundamental.
Shortly after the end of the war in 1945, Bell Labs formed a Solid State Physics Group, led by William Shockley and chemist Stanley Morgan; other personnel including John Bardeen and Walter Brattain, physicist Gerald Pearson, chemist Robert Gibney, electronics expert Hilbert Moore and several technicians. Their assignment was to seek a solid-state alternative to fragile glass vacuum tube amplifiers. Their first attempts were based on Shockley's ideas about using an external electrical field on a semiconductor to affect its conductivity. These experiments failed every time in all sorts of configurations and materials. The group was at a standstill until Bardeen suggested a theory that invoked surface states that prevented the field from penetrating the semiconductor. The group changed its focus to study these surface states and they met almost daily to discuss the work. The rapport of the group was excellent, and ideas were freely exchanged.
As to the problems in the electron experiments, a path to a solution was given by Hans Bethe. In 1947, while he was traveling by train to reach Schenectady from New York, after giving a talk at the conference at Shelter Island on the subject, Bethe completed the first non-relativistic computation of the shift of the lines of the hydrogen atom as measured by Lamb and Retherford. Despite the limitations of the computation, agreement was excellent. The idea was simply to attach infinities to corrections at mass and charge that were actually fixed to a finite value by experiments. In this way, the infinities get absorbed in those constants and yield a finite result in good agreement with experiments. This procedure was named renormalization.
Based on Bethe's intuition and fundamental papers on the subject by Sin-Itiro Tomonaga, Julian Schwinger, Richard Feynman and Freeman Dyson, it was finally possible to get fully covariant formulations that were finite at any order in a perturbation series of quantum electrodynamics. Sin-Itiro Tomonaga, Julian Schwinger and Richard Feynman were jointly awarded with a Nobel prize in physics in 1965 for their work in this area. Their contributions, and those of Freeman Dyson, were about covariant and gauge invariant formulations of quantum electrodynamics that allow computations of observables at any order of perturbation theory. Feynman's mathematical technique, based on his diagrams, initially seemed very different from the field-theoretic, operator-based approach of Schwinger and Tomonaga, but Freeman Dyson later showed that the two approaches were equivalent. Renormalization, the need to attach a physical meaning at certain divergences appearing in the theory through integrals, has subsequently become one of the fundamental aspects of quantum field theory and has come to be seen as a criterion for a theory's general acceptability. Even though renormalization works very well in practice, Feynman was never entirely comfortable with its mathematical validity, even referring to renormalization as a "shell game" and "hocus pocus". QED has served as the model and template for all subsequent quantum field theories. Peter Higgs, Jeffrey Goldstone, and others, Sheldon Glashow, Steven Weinberg and Abdus Salam independently showed how the weak nuclear force and quantum electrodynamics could be merged into a single electroweak force.
Robert Noyce credited Kurt Lehovec for the "principle of p-n junction isolation" caused by the action of a biased p-n junction (the diode) as a key concept behind the integrated circuit. Jack Kilby recorded his initial ideas concerning the integrated circuit in July 1958 and successfully demonstrated the first working integrated circuit on September 12, 1958. In his patent application of February 6, 1959, Kilby described his new device as "a body of semiconductor material ... wherein all the components of the electronic circuit are completely integrated." Kilby won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physics for his part of the invention of the integrated circuit. Robert Noyce also came up with his own idea of an integrated circuit half a year later than Kilby. Noyce's chip solved many practical problems that Kilby's had not. Noyce's chip, made at Fairchild Semiconductor, was made of silicon, whereas Kilby's chip was made of germanium.
Philo Farnsworth developed the Farnsworth–Hirsch Fusor, or simply fusor, an apparatus designed by Farnsworth to create nuclear fusion. Unlike most controlled fusion systems, which slowly heat a magnetically confined plasma, the fusor injects high temperature ions directly into a reaction chamber, thereby avoiding a considerable amount of complexity. When the Farnsworth-Hirsch Fusor was first introduced to the fusion research world in the late 1960s, the Fusor was the first device that could clearly demonstrate it was producing fusion reactions at all. Hopes at the time were high that it could be quickly developed into a practical power source. However, as with other fusion experiments, development into a power source has proven difficult. Nevertheless, the fusor has since become a practical neutron source and is produced commercially for this role.
The first step towards the Standard Model was Sheldon Glashow's discovery, in 1960, of a way to combine the electromagnetic and weak interactions. In 1967, Steven Weinberg and Abdus Salam incorporated the Higgs mechanism into Glashow's electroweak theory, giving it its modern form. The Higgs mechanism is believed to give rise to the masses of all the elementary particles in the Standard Model. This includes the masses of the W and Z bosons, and the masses of the fermions - i.e. the quarks and leptons. After the neutral weak currents caused by boson exchange were discovered at CERN in 1973, the electroweak theory became widely accepted and Glashow, Salam, and Weinberg shared the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering it. The W and Z bosons were discovered experimentally in 1981, and their masses were found to be as the Standard Model predicted. The theory of the strong interaction, to which many contributed, acquired its modern form around 1973–74, when experiments confirmed that the hadrons were composed of fractionally charged quarks. With the establishment of quantum chromodynamics in the 1970s finalized a set of fundamental and exchange particles, which allowed for the establishment of a "standard model" based on the mathematics of gauge invariance, which successfully described all forces except for gravity, and which remains generally accepted within the domain to which it is designed to be applied.
The 'standard model' groups the electroweak interaction theory and quantum chromodynamics into a structure denoted by the gauge group "SU(3)×SU(2)×U(1)". The formulation of the unification of the electromagnetic and weak interactions in the standard model is due to Abdus Salam, Steven Weinberg and, subsequently, Sheldon Glashow. After the discovery, made at CERN, of the existence of neutral weak currents, mediated by the boson foreseen in the standard model, the physicists Salam, Glashow and Weinberg received the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics for their electroweak theory. Since then, discoveries of the bottom quark (1977), the top quark (1995) and the tau neutrino (2000) have given credence to the standard model. Because of its success in explaining a wide variety of experimental results.
Electrodynamic tethers.
Before the start of the 21st century, the electrodynamic tether being oriented at an angle to the local vertical between the object and a planet with a magnetic field cut the Earth's magnetic field and generated a current; thereby it converted some of the orbiting body's kinetic energy to electrical energy. The tether's far end can be left bare, making electrical contact with the ionosphere, creating a generator. As part of a "tether propulsion" system, crafts can use long, strong conductors to change the orbits of spacecraft. It has the potential to make space travel significantly cheaper. It is a simplified, very low-budget magnetic sail. It can be used either to accelerate or brake an orbiting spacecraft. When direct current is pumped through the tether, it exerts a force against the magnetic field, and the tether accelerates the spacecraft.
21st century.
Electromagnetic technologies.
There are a range of emerging energy technologies. By 2007, solid state micrometer-scale electric double-layer capacitors based on advanced superionic conductors had been for low-voltage electronics such as deep-sub-voltage nanoelectronics and related technologies (the 22 nm technological node of CMOS and beyond). Also, the nanowire battery, a lithium-ion battery, was invented by a team led by Dr. Yi Cui in 2007.
Magnetic resonance.
Reflecting the fundamental importance and applicability of Magnetic resonance imaging in medicine, Paul Lauterbur of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and Sir Peter Mansfield of the University of Nottingham were awarded the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their ""discoveries concerning magnetic resonance imaging"". The Nobel citation acknowledged Lauterbur's insight of using magnetic field gradients to determine spatial localization, a discovery that allowed rapid acquisition of 2D images.
Wireless electricity.
Wireless electricity is a form of wireless energy transfer, the ability to provide electrical energy to remote objects without wires. The term WiTricity was coined in 2005 by Dave Gerding and later used for a project led by Prof. Marin Soljačić in 2007. The MIT researchers successfully demonstrated the ability to power a 60 watt light bulb wirelessly, using two 5-turn copper coils of 60 cm (24 in) diameter, that were 2 m (7 ft) away, at roughly 45% efficiency. This technology can potentially be used in a large variety of applications, including consumer, industrial, medical and military. Its aim is to reduce the dependence on batteries. Further applications for this technology include transmission of information—it would not interfere with radio waves and thus could be used as a cheap and efficient communication device without requiring a license or a government permit.
Unified Theories.
, there is still no hard evidence that nature is described by a Grand Unified Theory. The Higgs particle has been tentatively verified. The discovery of neutrino oscillations indicates that the Standard Model is incomplete and has led to renewed interest toward certain GUT such as formula_3. One of the few possible experimental tests of certain GUT is proton decay and also fermion masses. There are a few more special tests for supersymmetric GUT. The gauge coupling strengths of QCD, the weak interaction and hypercharge seem to meet at a common length scale called the GUT scale and equal approximately to formula_4 GeV, which is slightly suggestive. This interesting numerical observation is called the gauge coupling unification, and it works particularly well if one assumes the existence of superpartners of the Standard Model particles. Still it is possible to achieve the same by postulating, for instance, that ordinary (non supersymmetric) formula_5 models break with an intermediate gauge scale, such as the one of Pati–Salam group.
The Theory of Everything (TOE) is a putative theory of theoretical physics that fully explains and links together all known physical phenomena, and, ideally, has predictive power for the outcome of any experiment that could be carried out in principle. M-Theory is not yet complete, but the underlying structure of the mathematics has been established and is in agreement with not only all the string theories, but with all of our scientific observations of the universe. Furthermore, it has passed many tests of internal mathematical consistency that many other attempts to combine quantum mechanics and gravity had failed. Unfortunately, until we can find some way to observe higher dimensions (impossible with our current level of technology) M-Theory has a very difficult time making predictions which can be tested in a laboratory. Technologically, it may never be possible for it to be "proven". Physicist and author Michio Kaku has remarked that M-Theory may present us with a "Theory of Everything" which is so concise that its underlying formula would fit on a t-shirt. Stephen Hawking originally believed that M-Theory may be the ultimate theory but later suggested that the search for understanding of mathematics and physics will never be complete.
Open problems.
The magnetic monopole in the "quantum" theory of magnetic charge started with a paper by the physicist Paul A.M. Dirac in 1931. The detection of magnetic monopoles is an open problem in experimental physics. In some theoretical models, magnetic monopoles are unlikely to be observed, because they are too massive to be created in particle accelerators, and also too rare in the Universe to enter a particle detector with much probability.
After more than twenty years of intensive research, the origin of high-temperature superconductivity is still not clear, but it seems that instead of "electron-phonon" attraction mechanisms, as in conventional superconductivity, one is dealing with genuine "electronic" mechanisms (e.g. by antiferromagnetic correlations), and instead of s-wave pairing, d-wave pairings are substantial. One goal of all this research is room-temperature superconductivity.

</doc>
<doc id="5951578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951578" title="Community Coordinated Modeling Center">
Community Coordinated Modeling Center

The Community Coordinated Modeling Center (CCMC) is a collaborative effort between multiple organizations to provide information and models relating to space weather research. The partnership includes resources from NASA, the Air Force Materiel Command, Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), Air Force Weather Agency (AFWA), NOAA, NSF, and ONR. Quoted from the site's main page, the CCMC is "a multi-agency partnership to enable, support and perform the research and development for next generation space science and space weather models." The CCMC is based at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="5951586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951586" title="Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007">
Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 was the fifth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. It was held in the Ahoy' indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, the Netherlands on 8 December. The host country was chosen by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) on 13 July 2006. The host city was announced on 11 September 2006. AVRO won the rights to host the show over Hrvatska radiotelevizija (HRT) of Croatia (who didn't actually participate in this contest) and the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation (CyBC) of Cyprus. 
The budget for the contest was stated to be more than 2,000,000 €.
Belarus won the Contest by a single point over Armenia. The winning performer was Alexey Zhigalkovich, singing "S druzyami" ("With friends"). This was Belarus' second win; they won for the first time in 2005. This is the only contest to date where the winning song did not receive points from all of the participating countries.
Location.
Three countries bid for the rights to host the fifth Junior Eurovision Song Contest; Hrvatska radiotelevizija (HRT) for Croatia; Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation (CyBC) for Cyprus; and Algemene Vereniging Radio Omroep (AVRO) for the Netherlands. AVRO were awarded the rights to host the contest in 2007, with a budget of more than 2,000,000 € being spent to stage the event.
Rotterdam is the second-largest city in the Netherlands and one of the largest ports in the world. Starting as a dam constructed in 1270 on the Rotte River, Rotterdam has grown into a major international commercial centre. Its strategic location at the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta on the North Sea and at the heart of a massive rail, road, air and inland waterway distribution system extending throughout Europe is the reason that Rotterdam is often called the "Gateway to Europe".
The base of the present Ahoy was laid in 1950. After the devastation caused by the Second World War, the city of Rotterdam had worked on reconstruction and Rotterdam port was virtually complete. To mark the occasion, the Rotterdam Ahoy! exhibition was held in a purpose-built hall on the site where the medical faculty of the Erasmus University now stands. The exhibition hall was called the Ahoy'-Hal. The apostrophe is a remnant of the original exclamation mark. The hall was used for a series of national and international events, such as the exhibition of the architect Frank Lloyd Wright’s work. During the North Sea flood of 1953 the hall also proved its worth as a reception centre for victims. Ahoy Rotterdam, in its current form, was built in 1970. The complex’s striking design won various national and international awards for its special steel structures. The first event to be held there was the Femina family exhibition. Since then, Ahoy has been expanded on a number of occasions, and was renovated and refurbished in 1998 to create today’s multifunctional venue.
Controversy.
Over the past few years, most Eurovision contests have involved some controversy due to allegations of song plagiarism. This year is no exception, the Russian entry received claims from an adult composer that she is the original songwriter of the song. Further claims were made that the song was performed before the national selection as far as a year ago in August 2006 which is allegedly a violation of the rules as defined by the EBU. At the time of writing no resolution to this matter has been made. 
Official CD and DVD.
An official double CD of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 was intended to go on sale on 23 December 2007. The EBU announced that there would be no official DVD of the contest due to a lack of interest. The Belgian single was released on 5 October 2007, while the Dutch entry went on sale on 26 October 2007. There are no plans for commercial single releases of JESC entries in other countries, but a few promo copies for Rotterdam might be printed.
Participants.
Patricia Goldsmith, Communications Adviser of the Eurovision TV department, stated that "18 countries will take part" in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 though Spanish broadcaster Radiotelevisión Española (RTVE) later announced its withdrawal from the contest. Armenia, Bulgaria, Georgia and Lithuania were the newcomers this year. Bosnia and Herzegovina was going to be one of the four débutants but Georgia took this place when Radiotelevizija Bosne i Hercegovine (BHRT) decided to withdraw from participation. The minimum age of contestants was raised from 8 to 10 years this year.
Score sheet.
12 points.
Below is a summary of all 12 points received:
International broadcasts and voting.
Voting and spokesperson.
Viewers from each participating country voted by telephone and SMS. Each country's awards points to their top-10 favourites based on these public voting results. The following spokespersons announced the point 1 to 8, 10, and the maximum 12 points.
Commentators.
Most countries sent commentators to Rotterdam or commentated from their own country, in order to add insight to the participants and, if necessary, provide voting information. A live webcast was also streamed via the Junior Eurovision official website.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5951605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951605" title="Wassertrüdingen">
Wassertrüdingen

__NOTOC__
Wassertrüdingen is a town in the district of Ansbach, Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is between the Hesselberg, the only Franconian mountain with a view on the Alps, the wooded heights of the Oettinger Forest and the foothills of the Hahnenkamm. The Fränkisches Seenland (Franconian Lake District) recreation area is 15 kilometers away. Altentrüdingen, Fürnheim, Geilsheim, Obermögersheim, Reichenbach und Schobdach are part of Wassertrüdingen
First documentary evidence in 836 is as "truth muntiga". In 1524 Wassertrüdingen was occupied by peasants during the German Peasants' War. During the Thirty Years' War it was severely damaged and had not fully recovered yet 150 years later. In the last weeks of the Second World War the train station was bombarded.

</doc>
<doc id="5951626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951626" title="Antigenic variation">
Antigenic variation

Antigenic variation refers to the mechanism by which an infectious organism such as a protozoan, bacterium or virus alters its surface proteins in order to evade a host immune response. It is related to phase variation. Immune evasion is particularly important for organisms that target long-lived hosts, repeatedly infect a single host and are easily transmittable. Antigenic variation not only enables immune evasion by the pathogen, but also allows the microbes to cause re-infection, as their antigens are no longer recognized by the host's immune system. When an organism is exposed to a particular antigen (i.e. a protein on the surface of a bacterium) an immune response is stimulated and antibodies are generated to target that specific antigen. The immune system will then "remember" that particular antigen, and defenses aimed at that antigen become part of the immune system’s acquired immune response. If the same pathogen tries to re-infect the same host the antibodies will act rapidly to target the pathogen for destruction. However, if the pathogen can alter its surface antigens, it can evade the host's acquired immune system. This will allow the pathogen to re-infect the host while the immune system generates new antibodies to target the newly identified antigen. Antigenic variation can occur by altering a variety of surface molecules including proteins and carbohydrates. There are many molecular mechanisms behind antigenic variation, including gene conversion, site-specific DNA inversions, hypermutation, as well as recombination of sequence cassettes. In all cases, antigenic variation and phase variation result in a heterogenic phenotype of a clonal population. Individual cells either express the phase-variable protein(s) or express one of multiple antigenic forms of the protein. This form of regulation has been identified mainly, but not exclusively, for a wide variety of surface structures in pathogens and is implicated as a virulence strategy.
Antigenic Variation in Bacteria.
To generate intra-population diversity, some bacteria can produce variation by various methods such as antigenic or phase variation. Antigenic variation is the expression of various alternative forms of antigen on the cell surface. Whereas phase variation is the phenotypic switch that is usually reversible and is referred to as an ON-OFF switch. The outcome of either method of variation has a beneficial effect that can result in increased fitness, evasion strategies or environmental adaptation.
Antigenic variation in bacteria is best demonstrated by species of the genus "Neisseria" (most notably, "Neisseria meningitidis" and "Neisseria gonorrhoeae", the gonococcus); species of the genus "Streptococcus" and the Mycoplasma. The "Neisseria" species mentioned variate their pili (protein polymers made up of subunits called pilin which play a critical role in bacterial adhesion, they are antigens which stimulate a vigorous host immune response) and the Streptococci variate their M-protein.
Additionally, Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium "Borrelia burgdorferi". The surface lipoprotein VlsE can undergo recombination which results in antigenic diversity. The bacterium carries a plasmid that contains fifteen silent "vls" cassettes and one functional copy of "vlsE". Segments of the silent cassettes recombine with the vlsE gene. Variety generated of the surface lipoprotein antigen allows the bacterium to evade the host humoral immune system.
Antigenic Variation in Protozoa.
Antigenic variation is employed by a number of different protozoan parasites. "Trypanosoma brucei" (the model for study of protozoan antigenic variation) and "Plasmodium falciparum" are some of the most well studied examples of protozoan parasites that exhibit antigenic variation.
"Trypanosoma brucei".
Trypanosoma brucei, the organism that causes sleeping sickness, extracellularly in the bloodstream of infected mammals. In later stages, the parasite crosses the blood brain barrier, resulting in a devastating and usually fatal outcome. As a result of replicating in the bloodstream, "T. brucei" parasites are subjected to numerous host defense mechanisms including soluble components of the immune system ( i.e. complement), as well as cellular components of the innate and adaptive immune systems. In order to protect itself from host defenses, the parasite decorates itself with a dense, homogeneous coat (~10^7 molecules) of glycoprotein known as the variant surface glycoprotein (VSG). 
In the early stages of invasion, the dense protein coat is sufficient to protect the parasite from immune detection. However, the host eventually identifies the VSG as a foreign antigen and mounts an attack against the microbe. The "T. brucei" parasite has evolved an elegant mechanism to display a completely new coat of VSG antigen, rendering it once again invisible to the host’s immune system. The parasite’s genome has over 1,000 genes that code for different variants of the VSG protein. VSG genes can be found on the subtelomeric portion of large chromosomes, or on intermediate chromosomes. VSG genes also exist in arrays and many exist as pseudogenes. 
There is a hierarchy by which the VSG genes are activated. Telomeric VSGs are activated first, followed by array VSGs, and finally pseudogene VSGs. Switching of VSG proteins occurs at a rate substantially higher than the background mutation rate of other genes in the parasite (suggesting that it is a regulated process). The process is partially dependent on homologous recombination of DNA, which is mediated in part by the interaction of the "T. brucei" BRCA2 gene with RAD51 (however, this is not the only responsible mechanism, as BRCA2 variants still display some VSG switching). In addition to homologous recombination, transcriptional regulation also plays an important role in antigen switching. This is in contrast to other pathogens, where antigenic variation is typically mediated by DNA rearrangements or transcriptional regulation. The process by which VSG switching occurs has not been fully elucidated, but it is known that activation of VSGs requires recombination of the VSG genes into a VSG expression site (ES). The ES consists of a single "vsg" gene flanked by an upstream array of 70 base pair repeats and expression site associated genes (ESAGs). "T. brucei" expresses one VSG at any given time, and the active VSG can either be selected by activation of a previously silent ES, or by recombination of a VSG sequence into the active ES (see the figure "Mechanisms of VSG Switching in "T. brucei""). Although the biological triggers that result in VSG switching are not fully known, mathematical modeling suggests that the ordered appearance of different VSG variants is controlled by at least two key parasite-derived factors: differential activation rates of parasite VSG and density-dependent parasite differentiation.
"Plasmodium falciparum".
Plasmodium falciparum, the major etiologic agent of human malaria, has a very complex life cycle that occurs in both humans and mosquitoes. While in the human host, the parasite spends most of its life cycle within hepatic cells and erythrocytes (in contrast to "T. brucei" which remains extracellular). As a result of its mainly intracellular niche, parasitized host cells which display parasite proteins must be modified to prevent destruction by the host immune defenses. In the case of "Plasmodium", this is accomplished via the dual purpose "P. falciparum" erythrocyte membrane protein 1 (PfEMP1). PfEMP1 is encoded by the diverse family of genes known as the "var" family of genes (approximately 60 genes in all). The diversity of the gene family is further increased via a number of different mechanisms including exchange of genetic information at telomeric loci, as well as meiotic recombination. The PfEMP1 protein serves to sequester infected erythrocytes from splenic destruction via adhesion to the endothelium. Moreover, the parasite is able to evade host defense mechanisms by changing the "var" allele used to code the PfEMP1 protein. Like "T. brucei", each parasite expresses multiple copies of one identical protein. However, unlike "T. brucei", the mechanism by which "var" switching occurs in "P. falciparum" is thought to be purely transcriptional. "Var" switching has been shown to take place soon after invasion of an erythrocyte by a "P. falciparum" parasite. Fluorescent in situ hybridization analysis has shown that activation of "var" alleles is linked to altered positioning of the genetic material to distinct “transcriptionally permissive” areas.
Antigenic variation in viruses.
Acute viral infections can be rapidly cleared by the immune system of the host. Nevertheless, some viral infections like influenza and HIV recur. The recurrence occurs due to the production of virions that are resistant to the neutralizing antibodies that were able to effectively block the infection. These virions can infect survivors of the acute infection caused by the original virus. These viruses have a structural plasticity that enables them to tolerate changes in amino acids in their structural proteins while still retaining their infectivity. There is a lot of diversity in the ability of viruses to exhibit such plasticity. They can range from as little as 3 serotypes as in poliovirus to nearly 100 serotypes in rhinovirus. Consequently, vaccines against poliovirus, measles and yellow fever confer lifetime immunity while a new influenza vaccine is needed every year.
Influenza virus.
The antigenic properties of influenza viruses are determined by both hemagglutinin and neuraminidase. Specific host proteases cleave the single peptide HA into two subunits HA1 and HA2. The virus becomes highly virulent if the amino acids at the cleavage sites are lipophilic. Selection pressure in the environment selects for antigenic changes in the antigen determinants of HA, that includes places undergoing adaptive evolution and in antigenic locations undergoing substitutions, which ultimately results in changes in the antigenicity of the virus. Glycosylation of HA does not correlate with either the antigenicity or the selection pressure. Antigenic variation may be classified into two types, antigenic drift that results from a change in few amino acids and antigenic shift which is the outcome of acquiring new structural proteins. A new vaccine is required every year because influenza virus has the ability to undergo antigenic drift. Antigenic shift occurs periodically when the genes for structural proteins are acquired from other animal hosts resulting in a sudden dramatic change in viral genome. Recombination between segments that encode for hemagglutinin and neuraminidase of avian and human influenza virus segments have resulted in worldwide influenza epidemics called pandemics such as the Asian flu of 1957 when 3 genes from Eurasian avian viruses were acquired and underwent reassortment with 5 gene segments of the circulating human strains. Another example comes from the 1968 Hong Kong flu which acquired 2 genes by reassortment from Eurasian avian viruses with the 6 gene segments from circulating human strains.
Vaccination against influenza.
After vaccination, IgG+ antibody-secreting plasma cells (ASCs) increase rapidly and reaches a maximum level at day 7 before returning to a minimum level at day 14. The influenza-specific memory B-cells reach their maxima at day 14–21. The secreted antibodies are specific to the vaccine virus. Further, most of the monoclonal antibodies isolated have binding affinities against HA and the remaining demonstrate affinity against NA, nucleoprotein (NP) and other antigens. These high affinity human monoclonal antibodies can be produced within a month after vaccination and because of their human origin, they will have very little, if any, antibody-related side-effects in humans. They can potentially be used to develop passive antibody therapy against influenza virus transmission.
Mapping antigenic evolution.
The ability to of an antiviral antibody to inhibit hemagglutination can be measured and used to generate a two-dimensional map using a process called antigenic cartography so that antigenic evolution can be visualized. These maps can show how changes in amino acids can alter the binding of an antibody to virus particle and help to analyze the pattern of genetic and antigenic evolution.
Recent findings show that as a result of antibody-driven antigenic variation in one domain of the H1 hemagglutinin Sa site, a compensatory mutation in NA can result leading to NA antigenic variation. As a consequence, drug resistance develops to NA inhibitors. Such a phenomenon can mask the evolution of NA evolution in nature because the resistance to NA inhibitors could be due to antibody-driven, HA escape.
HIV-1.
The major challenge in controlling HIV-1 infection in the long term is immune escape. The extent and frequency to which an epitope will be targeted by a particular HLA allele differs from person-to-person. Moreover, as a consequence of immunodominance, an individual’s CTL response is limited to a few epitopes of a specific HLA allele although six HLA class 1 alleles are expressed. Although the CTL response in the acute phase is directed against limited number of epitopes, the epitopic repertoire increases with time due to viral escape. Additionally amino acid co-evolution is a challenging issue that needs to be addressed. For example, a substitution in a particular site results in a secondary or compensatory mutation in another site. An invaluable discovery was that when a selective pressure is applied, the pattern of HIV-1 evolution can be predicted. In individuals who express a protective HLA B*27 allele, the first mutation that occurs in the Gag epitope KK10 is at position 6 from an L to an M and after several years there is a change in position 2 from a R to a K. Therefore the knowledge of the predictability of the escape pathways can be utilized to design immunogens.
The region gp120 of HIV-1 Env which contacts CD4, its primary receptor, is functionally conserved and vulnerable to neutralizing antibodies such as monoclonal antibody b12. Recent findings show that resistance to neutralization by b12 was an outcome of substitutions that resided in the region proximal to CD4 contact surface. In this way the virus evades neutralization by b12 without affecting its binding to CD4.
Flaviviruses.
Flaviviridae is a family of viruses that encompasses well known viruses such as West Nile virus and Dengue virus. The genus "Flavivirus" has a prototypical envelope protein (E-protein) on its surface which serves as the target for virus neutralizing antibodies. E protein plays a role in binding to receptor and could play a role in evading the host immune system. It has three major antigenic domains namely A, B and C that correspond to the three structural domains II, III and I. Structural domain III is a putative receptor binding domain and antibodies against it neutralize the infectivity of flaviviruses. Mutations that lead to antigenic differences can be traced to the biochemical nature of the amino acid substitutions as well as the location of the mutation in the domain III. For example substitutions at different amino acids results in varying levels of neutralization by antibodies. If mutation in a critical amino acid can dramatically alter neutralization by antibodies then WNV vaccines and diagnostic assays becomes difficult to rely on. Other flaviviruses that cause dengue, louping ill and yellow fever escape antibody neutralization via mutations in the domain III of the E protein.

</doc>
<doc id="5951649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951649" title="The Authoritarian Personality">
The Authoritarian Personality

The Authoritarian Personality is a 1950 sociology book by Theodor W. Adorno, Else Frenkel-Brunswik, Daniel Levinson, and Nevitt Sanford, researchers working at the University of California, Berkeley, during and shortly after World War II.
"The Authoritarian Personality" "invented a set of criteria by which to define personality traits, ranked these traits and their intensity in any given person on what it called the 'F scale' (F for fascist)." The personality type Adorno et al. identified can be defined by nine traits that were believed to cluster together as the result of childhood experiences. These traits include conventionalism, authoritarian submission, authoritarian aggression, anti-intellectualism, anti-intraception, superstition and stereotypy, power and "toughness", destructiveness and cynicism, projectivity, and exaggerated concerns over sex.
Though strongly criticized for bias and methodology, the book was highly influential in American social sciences, particularly in the first decade after its publication: “No volume published since the war in the field of social psychology has had a greater impact on the direction of the actual empirical work being carried on in the universities today.”
Institutional context.
The impetus of "The Authoritarian Personality" was the Holocaust, the attempted genocidal extinction of European Jews by Adolf Hitler's National Socialist party. Adorno had been a member of the "Frankfurt School", a predominantly Jewish group of philosophers and Marxist theorists who fled Germany when Hitler shut down their Institute for Social Research. Adorno et al. were thus motivated by a desire to identify and measure factors that were believed to contribute to antisemitic and fascist traits. The book was part of a "Studies in Prejudice" series sponsored by the American Jewish Committee's Department of Scientific Research.
Sources and influences.
"The Authoritarian Personality" was based in part on earlier Frankfurt School analyses undertaken in Germany, but with a few key changes. First, their Marxist and radical roots were downplayed. For example, the earlier “authoritarian personality/revolutionary personality” axis was changed to an “authoritarian personality/democratic personality” axis in America. Thus, values and behaviors earlier associated with revolutionary Marxism were now associated with support for democracy. Second, the book abandoned and/or modified traditional Marxist sociological and economic explanations for human behavior in favor of psychological explanations, earning scorn from more orthodox Marxists.
Generally, Adorno et al. took an antipositivist position; they did not believe their theories required external verification or falsification.
Content.
A central idea of "The Authoritarian Personality" is that authoritarianism is the result of a Freudian developmental model. Excessively harsh and punitive parenting was posited to cause children to feel immense anger towards their parents; yet fear of parental disapproval or punishment caused people to not directly confront their parents, but rather to identify with and idolize authority figures. Moreover, the book suggested that authoritarianism was rooted in suppressed homosexuality, which was redirected into outward hostility towards the father, which was, in turn, suppressed for fear of being infantilized and castrated by the father.
This hypothesis was consistent with prevailing psychological theories of the time, and even though Frenkel-Brunswik reported some preliminary support, empirical data have generally not confirmed this prediction. Authoritarianism was measured by the F-scale. The "F" was short for "pre-fascist personality." Another major hypothesis of the book is that the authoritarian syndrome is predisposed to right-wing ideology and therefore receptive to fascist governments.
Authors and conflicts.
Sanford and Levinson were both psychology professors at Berkeley. They did much of the preliminary work on ethnocentrism and statistical measurement. Frenkel-Brunswik examined personality variables and family background with a series of interview studies. Adorno provided a political and sociological perspective to the book. Although Adorno's name heads the alphabetical list of authors, he arrived late to the project and made a relatively small contribution. Adorno, in a 1947 letter to Horkheimer, said that his main contribution was the F-scale, which in the end was the "core of the whole thing." An agreement among the authors held that each one was to sign the individual chapters to which he or she had contributed, and that all four were to sign the chapter on the F-scale; Adorno was credited in 5 of the 23 chapters.
The initially planned title for the book was "The Fascist Character and the Measurement of Fascist Trends", but as early as 1947 Adorno feared that the assistants at Berkeley would try to sanitize it to a more innocuous title like "Character and Prejudice". The final title was the result of a compromise.
Responses.
"The Authoritarian Personality" inspired extensive research in psychology, sociology, and political science during the 1950s and early 1960s on the relation between personality traits, behavior, and political beliefs. "The Authoritarian Personality" has often provoked polarized responses: “The Berkeley study of authoritarian personality does not leave many people indifferent.”
The study "has been subjected to considerable criticism" since the 1950s, particularly for various methodological flaws, including sample bias and poor psychometric techniques.
In 1973, Gaensslen et al. found that, contrary to predictions by Adorno et al., rigidity/dogmatism is not intrinsically maladaptive; e.g., rigidity can be associated with discipline and productivity.
In 1980, sociologist J.J. Ray argued that the project of "The Authoritarian Personality" was seriously flawed on several points: for not asking questions regarding libertarian politics (which according to Ray are typically more anti-authoritarian than right- or left-wing politics); for failing to demonstrate that authoritarian/right-wing beliefs are correlated with psychopathology; and, most importantly, for failing to demonstrate that authoritarian beliefs are associated with authoritarian behavior. In 1993, over a decade later, the latter point was also criticized by Billings, et al.
The book concludes that right-wing, authoritarian governments produce hostility towards racial, religious or ethnic minorities. Psychologist Bob Altemeyer argued against that conclusion, saying that Fascist Italy was not characterized by antisemitism, and that Jews occupied high positions in Mussolini’s government until pressure from Hitler disenfranchised these Jews.
Rubenstein’s research in Israel revealed that Orthodox Jews scored higher on right wing politics and authoritarianism as traits than Reform Jews, and that both groups scored higher than secular Jews. This could be taken as showing there was no relationship between these traits and antisemitism.
Some observers have criticized what they saw as a strongly politicized agenda to "The Authoritarian Personality". Social critic Christopher Lasch argued that by equating mental health with left-wing politics and associating right-wing politics with an invented “authoritarian” pathology, the book's goal was to eliminate antisemitism by “subjecting the American people to what amounted to collective psychotherapy—by treating them as inmates of an insane asylum.” Similarly, Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek wrote, “It is precisely the kind of group loyalty, respect for tradition, and consciousness of differences central to "Jewish" identity, however, that Horkheimer and Adorno described as mental illness in Gentiles. These writers adopted what eventually became a favorite Soviet tactic against dissidents: anyone whose political views differed from theirs was insane. […] Christian self-denial, and especially sexual repression, caused hatred of the Jews to Adorno et al..”
"The Authoritarian Personality" remains widely cited in the social sciences and continues to inspire research interest today.

</doc>
<doc id="5951655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951655" title="Neustadt am Kulm">
Neustadt am Kulm

Neustadt am Kulm is a municipality in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab), in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 29 km northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 23 km southeast of Bayreuth. Neustadt am Kulm is situated directly west of the Rauher Kulm.

</doc>
<doc id="5951681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951681" title="Turka">
Turka

Turka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951687" title="Obed Ariri">
Obed Ariri

Obed Chukwuma Ariri (born April 4, 1956) is a Nigerian born former placekicker of American football in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Washington Redskins. He also played in the United States Football League for the Washington Federals and in the Arena Football League for the Miami Hooters. Ariri was born in Nigeria, and his middle name Chukwuma means "God Only Knows". He became a skilled soccer player and was scouted by Clemson University's then soccer coach Ibrahim M. Ibrahim. After watching him play in Nigeria, Ibrahim offered Ariri a soccer scholarship to Clemson on the spot.
Early career.
Ariri was enrolled at Clemson in 1977 when Clemson football coach Charlie Pell was in dire need of a kicker. Dr. Ibrahim allowed Ariri to try out only if he agreed to continue to play soccer. Pell agreed, and Ariri went on to nail every attempt thus securing his place as the kicker for the Tigers. His scholarship was shifted to football and Pell insisted that Obed forget about soccer. Ariri never kicked a football until he was at Clemson.
He was so popular in campus during his Senior year that "Obed Ariri for the Heisman Trophy" bumper stickers were made up even though a kicker couldn't win.
In 1979 Ariri was granted permission to play in the 1979 NCAA Division I National Soccer Championships at Tampa Stadium in Tampa, Florida. The Tigers lost 3-2 to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. Ariri's performance during the game led to a job offer with the Chicago Sting of the North American Soccer League, where he made four appearances during the 1980 season.
Pro career.
Ariri was drafted in the seventh round of the 1981 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts but was cut from the team days before the season. He was on the initial roster of the USFL's Washington Federals but did not last the entire season due to inconsistency and poor performance. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers acquired Obed in the 1984 pre-season but was waived before final cuts. After kicker Bill Capece flopped in the final Buccaneer pre-season game, Ariri was hired in time for the start of the regular season and he was their regular kicker that season, only to be released during the 1985 training camp. He was nicknamed the "Automatic African" by his teammates.
Legacy.
Young Nigerian soccer player Donald Igwebuike had idolized Ariri back in Nigeria. Ariri encouraged Igwebuike to attend Clemson and inspired him to kick a football. The young player attended Clemson and was looked after by Ariri. After graduating Ariri even encouraged Coach Danny Ford to give Igwebuike a chance to kick for the football team. Igwebuike not only made the team, he went on to the NFL and beat out Ariri for the kicking spot at Tampa Bay.
After his playing career concluded, Ariri has stayed in the Tampa Bay area, driving a taxicab in St. Petersburg, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5951691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951691" title="Luis Andújar">
Luis Andújar

Luis Andujar Sanchez (born November 22, 1972) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball and Korean Baseball Organization.
Andujar signed with the Chicago White Sox as an amateur free agent at age 18 and made his profession debut with that organisation. He was later traded to the Toronto Blue Jays, where he ended his major league career. Over his career Andujar made 20 starts and 15 relief appearances, and compiled a 3 wins to 10 losses record. He later played one season with the Haitai Tigers of the KBO in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5951699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951699" title="Sexcrime (1984)">
Sexcrime (1984)

"Sexcrime (Nineteen Eighty-Four)" is a song written and performed by the British pop duo Eurythmics. It was released as the first single from their album "1984 (For the Love of Big Brother)", which served as the soundtrack to the film "Nineteen Eighty-Four", an adaptation of the novel of the same name by George Orwell. The song was produced by Dave Stewart.
Background and performance.
"Sexcrime" is a synthpop song which features heavy sampling of Lennox's voice, utilizing snippets of her vocal performance to produce a stuttering effect. Also prominently featured is the voice of Stewart, with the aid of a vocoder, uttering the phrase "nineteen eighty four". It was the first of two singles released from the soundtrack album. The term "sexcrime" is one of several Newspeak words found within the novel.
The song was originally intended to appear in the film "1984", but was dropped prior to the film's release. However, it was used as background music for the film's trailer, and the song's promotional video was included on home video releases of the film.
In addition to the standard 7" and 12" formats, the song was also released as a limited edition 12" picture disc.
Chart performance.
The single peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Eurythmics' 6th consecutive Top 10 hit. It was one of the duo's biggest selling singles in the UK, being certified Silver by the BPI for sales in excess of 200,000 copies. It was also a big hit throughout Europe, a top 10 hit in New Zealand, a top 20 hit in Canada, and one of the duo's biggest selling singles in Australia.
"Sexcrime" met with strong resistance on United States radio and on video outlets such as MTV — the song's title was particularly controversial to those who were not aware of the meaning of the word in Orwell's novel. The music video (featuring a straightforward performance of the song by Lennox and Stewart) had limited rotation on MTV. "Sexcrime" peaked at a lowly number 81 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, but was much more successful on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart, where it reached number 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5951709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951709" title="Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts">
Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts

The Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts is the fine arts unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman. Currently, the College has an enrollment of 799 undergraduates and 228 graduate students. The college produces nearly 300 concerts, recitals, dramas, musicals, operas and dance performances each year. The college occupies several buildings on campus including the Museum of Art, Donald W. Reynolds Center for the Performing Arts, and Catlett Music Center.
Started in 1924 (the fourth-oldest of OU's colleges), the College was renamed in 2004 for the Weitzenhoffer family (longtime supporters of the College and OU in general).

</doc>
<doc id="5951751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951751" title="Neustadt an der Orla">
Neustadt an der Orla

Neustadt an der Orla is a town in Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia. It is situated at the small river Orla, 17 km north of Schleiz, and 25 km southeast of Jena.
Geography.
Setting.
The additive, which differentiates Neustadt an der Orla from other towns named Neustadt, owed the town the Orla River. The Orla rises east of the town Triptis. Near Orlamünde the Orla flows into the river Saale. The district is called after these two rivers that are typical for this region.
Towns and villages in the neighbourhood.
Pillingsdorf, Rosendorf, Dreitzsch, Schmieritz, Linda b. Neustadt an der Orla, Kospoda, Weira, Lausnitz b. Neustadt an der Orla, Langenorla, Trockenborn-Wolfersdorf und Breitenhain.
Parts of Neustadt an der Orla.
Total area: 30,95 km²
Olbe 2000 km²

</doc>
<doc id="5951755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951755" title="History of the Jews in Croatia">
History of the Jews in Croatia

The Jewish community of Croatia dates back to at least the 3rd century, although little is known of the community until the 10th and 15th centuries. The community, over 20,000 strong on the eve of World War II, was almost entirely destroyed in The Holocaust. After the World War II half of the survivors choose to settle in Israel while an estimated 2,500 still remain in Croatia. It is believed that the present number of Croatian Jews is greater because more than 80 percent of the 1,500 members of Zagreb's Jewish community were either born in mixed marriages or are married to non-Jews. Many grandchildren have just one Jewish grandparent that is a Holocaust survivor.
History of the community.
Ancient community.
Jewish traders and merchants first arrived in what is now northern Croatia in the first centuries of the Common Era, when Roman law allowed free movement throughout the Empire. Archaeological excavations in Osijek reveal a synagogue dating to the 3rd century AD, and an excavation in Solin discovered Jewish graves from the same period. A Jewish community in Split was found to have also emerged in the 3rd century. In the 7th century Jews sought refuge in Diocletian's Palace after the Dalmatian capital Salona was overrun by the Avars. A synagogue was built into the western wall of the palace in the 16th century, and descendants of the Salona refugees are still living in the area.
Early Middle Ages.
One of the oldest written sources, which could indicate the presence of Jews on Croatian territory, comes from the letter of the vizier Hasdai ibn Shaprut, which was sent to King Joseph of the Khazars. This letter from the 10th century refers to the "King of the Gebalims - Slavs", see the article Miholjanec, whose country borders the country of the Hungarians. The King sent a delegation, which included "Mar (Aramaic:"Lord") Shaul and Mar Joseph", to the Caliph Abd-ar-Rahman III of Córdoba. Delegates reported that "mar" Hisdai Amram came to the Khazar king's palace from the country where the "Gebalims" lived. In Hebrew "gebal" means "mountain". Hungarian sources reported, that a vineyard near Miholjanec was named "master of the mountain". Croatia is aalso represented as a country of "Gebalims" in a letter of Bishop Gauderich addressed to Anastasius as a co-author of the legend of Cherson in the 9th century.
Late Middle Ages.
The Jewish communities of Croatia flourished in the 13th and 14th centuries, with the communities enjoying prosperity and peaceful relations with their Croatian neighbors.
This ended in 1456, when Jews, along with most non-Catholic Croats, were forced out. There followed 200 years where there are no records of Jews in Croatia. In those 200 years Jews from Croatia were usually on diplomatic missions to Bosnia on behalf of the Republic of Venice.
Arrival of the Spanish Refugees.
The 15th century saw increasing persecution of Jews in areas of Spain retaken in the Reconquista. From 1492 onward, Jewish refugees fleeing the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions arrived in Ottoman territories, including the Balkan provinces of Macedonia and Bosnia. Some of these refugees found their way to Croatia, in particular to Split and Dubrovnik, on the Dalmatian coast.
Habsburg rule.
In the 17th century, Jews were still not permitted to settle in northern Croatia. Jews traveled to Croatia as traveling merchants, mostly from neighboring Hungary. They were generally permitted to stay only a few days. In the early part of the century, the Croatian Parliament ("Sabor") confirmed its ban on permanent settlement when a Jewish family attempted to settle in Durdevac.
In 1753, although still officially banned, Jews were allowed to settle in Bjelovar, Koprivnica and Varaždin, by General Beck the military commander of the Varaždin region. In order to streamline the treatment of Jews in Croatia, Count Franjo Patacic, by order of the Royal Office in Varaždin, wrote a comprehensive report advocating Jewish permanent residence in Croatia on the basis that ""most of them are merchants, and trade makes towns flourish"".
The prohibition against Jewish settlement in northern Croatia lasted until 1783, until the 1782 Edict of Tolerance issued by the Habsburg Monarch Emperor Joseph II went into effect. Jews were subsequently allowed to settle in Croatia, but were not allowed to own land or engage in any trade protected by a guild, and were not allowed to work in agriculture. Despite these measures, Jews settled in Zagreb and Varaždin.
In 1840 the Sabor (parliament) voted to ""gradually"" allow full equality for the Jews, and over the next 33 years there was gradual progress.
In 1867 the new Zagreb Great Synagogue was inaugurated and Rabbi Dr. Hosea Jacobi became Chief Rabbi of Zagreb. In 1873, Ivan Mažuranić signed the decree allowing for the full legal equality of Jews and, as with other faiths, state funds were made available for community institutions.
By 1880, there were 13,488 Jews in Croatia, rising to 20,032 by 1900. At the beginning of the 20th century, there were 21 Jewish communities in Croatia, the largest being in Zagreb (3,000 people) and Osijek (3,000 people). The Jewish community of Croatia became highly successful and integrated. By 1900, 54% of Zagreb Jews and 35% of all Croatian Jews spoke Croatian as their mother tongue. Despite their small numbers, Jews were disproportionately represented in industrial and wholesale business in Croatia, and in the timber and food industries. Several Jewish families were amongst Croatia's wealthiest families. Despite the apparent wealth, most Jews were middle class, and many second generation Croatian Jews were attracted to the fields of law and medicine.
World War I.
World War I brought about the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and upheaval for the Jewish communities of the region. After the war, Croatia joined with Slovenia, Serbia which included Vardar Macedonia and Montenegro, and Bosnia and Herzegovina to form the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Prior to World War II, the Croatian, and especially the Zagreb Jewish community, was the preeminent community of Yugoslavia. In 1940 there were about 11,000 Jews living in Zagreb: about 76% were Ashkenazi Jews, 5% Sephardi Jews, 17% unaffiliated and the remainder being religious.
The Holocaust.
On 25 March 1941, Prince Paul of Yugoslavia, an ethnic Serb, signed Yugoslavia's alliance with the Axis Powers under the Tripartite Pact. The decision was unpopular amongst the Serbian population, and massive demonstrations took place in the Yugoslav capital, Belgrade. Prince Paul was overthrown, and a new anti-German government under Peter II and Dušan Simović took power. The new government withdrew its support for the Axis, but did not repudiate the Tripartite Pact. Nevertheless, Axis forces, led by Nazi Germans, invaded Yugoslavia in April 1941.
The Nazi invasion was the doom of Croatian Jewry. Under the Germans, Croatian ultra-nationalists, the Croatian Ustaše movement came to power. Croatian fascists established a state called the Independent State of Croatia. The Ustaše were notoriously antisemitic, and wasted little time in instituting anti-Jewish legislation and persecuting the Jews under their control. Indeed, the then NDH Croatian Interior Minister Andrija Artuković, a member of the Ustaše, said ""The Government of NDH Croatia shall solve the Jewish question in the same way as the German Government did"".
The Ustaše set up concentration camps at Kerestinec prison, Jadovno, Metajna and Slana. The most notorious, were heinous crimes and cruel torture perpetrated against Jewish and Serbian prisoners, were at Pag and Jasenovac. At Jasenovac alone, 20,000 Jews were murdered.
During the Holocaust, the Ustaše murdered a total of 32,000 Jews (including 20,000 of the 23,000-25,000 Croatian Jews) or 75 percent of the country's pre-war Jewish population.
Only 5,000 Croatian Jews survived the war, most as soldiers in Tito's National Liberation Army (Yugoslav Partisans) or as exiles in the Italian-occupied zone. After Italy capitulated to the Axis Powers, the surviving Jews lived in free Partisan territory.
When Yugoslavia was liberated in 1945, Croatia became part of the new Yugoslav federation, which eventually became the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Post-War community.
After 1945, atheism became the official policy of Yugoslavia and Croatia, and because of this there were no rabbis in Croatia until the mid-1990s. Most Croatian Jews identified as Yugoslavs, or as Serbs or Croats. After the founding of Israel, about half of the survivors renounced their Yugoslav citizenship as a prerequisite for leaving the country and acquiring Israeli citizenship. Those who opted to leave for Israel signed a document by which they left all property, land, and other unmovable property to Yugoslavia.
The post-war Jewish community of Croatia became highly assimilated, with 80% of Zagreb's 1,500 Jews either born into mixed marriages, or married to non-Jews. In 1991, there were approximately 2,000 Jews in Croatia.
Today.
The 2001 Croatian census listed only 495 Jews, with 323 in Zagreb. Approximately 20 Jews each live in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Osijek and Dubrovnik. 
The Jewish community in Croatia is organized into ten Jewish "municipalities" () in the cities of Čakovec, Daruvar, Dubrovnik, Koprivnica, Osijek, Rijeka, Slavonski Brod, Split, Virovitica, Zagreb. Since 2005, Zagreb also has a separate Jewish organization named "Bet Israel", formed by a splinter group in the original organization led by Ivo Goldstein and others. A minor Chabad organization is also registered in Zagreb.
Jews are officially recognized as an autonomous national minority, and as such, they elect a special representative to the Croatian Parliament, shared with members of eleven other national minorities.
Regional communities.
Dalmatia.
The Jewish communities of the Croatian coast of Dalmatia date back to the 14th century CE. A letter from 1326 refers to a Jewish doctor in Dubrovnik. The community remained small throughout the years (100-330 members), although the community distinguished itself in trade and medicine. The community was augmented from 1421 by refugees fleeing increasing persecution in Spain, and then from 1492 as Jews fled the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions. 
The Jewish synagogue in Split is more than 500 years old and is the third oldest active synagogue in Europe. Except for a brief period during WW2 the synagogue has been in continuous use since it was established. Although there is no rabbi in Split, the 100 member strong community conducts regular Friday evening Shabbat services (the Jewish sabbath) and a kosher meal is prepared and served to all who come. The synagogue is open every day from 9 am until around 2 pm for tours. Although the interior of the synagogue was restored in 1996 the interior is from the 18th and 19th Centuries.
Antisemitism, based on the attitudes of the Catholic Church and on Venetian law (which applied at the time), was a constant issue for the community, which lived in ghettos in Dubrovnik and Split. When Dalmatia was occupied by Napoleonic forces, the Jews attained legal equality for the first time. In 1814, when the Austrian Empire annexed Dalmatia, legal equality was again withdrawn. Jews were granted legal equality under Croatian law in the mid 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5951761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951761" title="John Joseph Kain">
John Joseph Kain

John Joseph Kain (May 31, 1841 – October 13, 1903) was a Roman Catholic priest who would eventually become Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis, and the first native-born American to hold that office.
Biography.
He was born in Martinsburg, West Virginia in 1841. After completing schooling in Catonsville, Maryland, he enrolled at St. Mary's College and was ordained to the priesthood in 1866. He was then stationed in Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, where he served the needs of Roman Catholics living in eight West Virginia counties and four Virginia counties. During his time there, he restored the churches of Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg, and rebuilt churches in Winchester, Virginia and Berkeley Springs, West Virginia that had been destroyed during the American Civil War.
He was consecrated as the bishop of Wheeling, West Virginia in 1875, and served there through 1893. During this period, he had roughly three dozen priests under his jurisdiction, meeting the needs of about 20,000 Catholics. In May, 1893, he was appointed coadjutor bishop with Peter Richard Kenrick of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis, and created a titular archbishop the next month. On Kenrick's death, in 1896, he succeeded him as Archbishop of St. Louis, and served in that capacity until his own death in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="5951762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951762" title="Thirsty Work">
Thirsty Work

Thirsty Work is the twenty-first studio album by English Rock band Status Quo. It yielded three hit singles, 'I Didn't Mean It' (No. 21), 'Sherri Don't Fail Me Now' (No. 38), and the uncharacteristic ballad 'Restless' (No. 39). 'Sorry' had originally been recorded by Demis Roussos and released on his 1980 album 'Man of the World', with Francis Rossi and Bernie Frost on all instruments and backing vocals.
Personnel.
Recorded at ARSIS Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5951796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951796" title="Niddatal">
Niddatal

Niddatal is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hesse, Germany. It is located on the Nidda River, 6 km southeast of Friedberg, and 22 km northeast of Frankfurt am Main.
The town is divided into four districts: Assenheim, Ilbenstadt, Kaichen, Bönstadt.
Politics.
The local elections of 26 March 2006 yielded the following result:

</doc>
<doc id="5951798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951798" title="Sunny Besen Thrasher">
Sunny Besen Thrasher

Sunny Besen Thrasher (born December 13, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former Canadian child actor who starred as Paul Edison in Nelvana's live-action series, "The Edison Twins", and supplied voices in the first Care Bears movies.
He also played Max in both the film and TV series of "My Pet Monster" and voiced Reggie Mantle in "The New Archies" as well as several characters in the Care Bears television show, "Garbage Pail Kids", "Ultraforce" and "Babar".
Sunny has also guest appeared in several television shows such as "Katts and Dog", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and "Maniac Mansion".
His play "The Takeover Clause" was produced by Open Mind Productions in Toronto at the Annex Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="5951807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951807" title="Rudolph Hering">
Rudolph Hering

Rudolph Hering (1847, Philadelphia-1923) was a founder of modern environmental technology.
He came to Dresden at age 13 to attend school there and studied civil engineering at the Technische Universität Dresden as a member of the German Student Corps "Altsachsen".
He was involved in the reversing of the Chicago river; his name features prominently in stories about the river reversal project. There is a medal named after him. He is buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5951808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951808" title="Don't Stop (Status Quo album)">
Don't Stop (Status Quo album)

"Don't Stop" is the twenty-second studio album by English rock band Status Quo. The album of cover versions includes guest appearances from Tessa Niles on tracks 6 and 14, The Beach Boys on track 1, Brian May of Queen fame on track 7 and Maddy Prior of Steeleye Span fame on track 15. 
Fun, Fun, Fun, When You Walk In The Room, Don't Stop and All Around My Hat were all released as singles.
Personnel.
Recorded at ARSIS Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5951809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951809" title="Neko Janai mon!">
Neko Janai mon!

Manga.
First release.
The first release of the manga consisted of thirteen volumes published by Shueisha.
Second release.
The second release was in 1991, and consisted of eleven volumes published by Shueisha.
These were rereleased by Shueisha in 2000.
Third release.
The third release was in 2000, and consisted of 10 volumes and was published by Leed Publishing.
Albums.
An image album and a single were released for this manga series.

</doc>
<doc id="5951811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951811" title="John Riedling">
John Riedling

John Richard Riedling (born August 29, 1975 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. 
Riedling was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 22nd round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft. His major league debut occurred on August 30, . Riedling played for the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League in . Riedling is currently a baseball instructor and has also worked with Expert Village.

</doc>
<doc id="5951818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951818" title="Three-martini lunch">
Three-martini lunch

The three-martini lunch is a term used in the United States to describe a leisurely, indulgent lunch enjoyed by businesspeople or executives. It refers to a common belief that many people in such professions have enough leisure time and wherewithal to consume more than one martini during the work day. Steaks, oysters and lobster are among dishes cited as a staple of these lunches.
As business matters may be discussed at them, three-martini lunches are therefore considered a business expense (which includes travel, meals, etc.) and thus can qualify for a tax deduction.
The three-martini lunch is no longer common practice for several reasons, including the implementation of "fitness for duty" programs by numerous companies, the decreased toleration of alcohol use, a general decrease in available leisure time for business executives, and the social stigma attached to drinking during the day in the United States.
President John F. Kennedy called for a crackdown on such tax breaks in 1961 but nothing was done at the time. Jimmy Carter condemned the practice during the 1976 presidential campaign. Carter portrayed it as part of the unfairness in the nation's tax laws, claiming that the working class was subsidizing the "$50 martini lunch". This was because a "rich businessman" could write off this type of lunch as a business expense. After the election his opponent, incumbent President Gerald R Ford, in a 1978 speech to the National Restaurant Association, responded with: "The three-martini lunch is the epitome of American efficiency. Where else can you get an earful, a bellyful and a snootful at the same time?"
The entertainment deduction, which includes meals, was reduced to 80 percent in 1987 and to 50 percent in 1994.
Comedian George Carlin once commented that the crackdown on the three-martini lunch should not affect the working man's "two-joint coffee break".

</doc>
<doc id="5951825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951825" title="Niedernhall">
Niedernhall

Niedernhall is a town in the Hohenlohe district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Kocher, 6 km west of Künzelsau, and 33 km northeast of Heilbronn.

</doc>
<doc id="5951826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951826" title="Hermann Wassertrilling">
Hermann Wassertrilling

Hermann Wassertrilling, or Hebrew: Ẓebi-Hirsch ben Nathan Wassertrilling, (Zwi-)Hirsch Wassertrilling (born in Boskowitz, Moravia) was an Austrian Hebraist who flourished in the 19th century.
He officiated as teacher in the Jewish school of Hotzenplotz, Silesia, about 1850, and later as rabbi of Bojanowo, Provinz Posen. The following is a list of his works, all published at Breslau:

</doc>
<doc id="5951831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951831" title="Bank of Somaliland">
Bank of Somaliland

The Bank of Somaliland () is a central bank in Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia. Established in 1994, it serves as both a monetary authority and a commercial bank for the territory. The central bank was provided for in the constitution of Somaliland. It has a head office in Hargeisa, in addition to seven other branches, and four foreign exchange offices in the airports at Hargeisa, Berbera, Borama and Gabiley.
Objectives.
In line with Article 3 of the Constitutive Law of Somaliland Bank, the bank aims to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951839" title="Chilean recluse spider">
Chilean recluse spider

The Chilean recluse spider is a venomous spider, Loxosceles laeta, of the family Sicariidae (formerly of the family Loxoscelidae). In Spanish, it (and other South American recluse spiders) is known as , or "corner spider"; in Portuguese, as or "brown spider". This spider is considered by many to be the most dangerous of the recluse spiders, and its bite is known to frequently result in severe systemic reactions, including death.
Description and habitat.
The Chilean recluse is one of the larger species of recluse spiders, generally ranging from 8–40 mm in size (including legs). Like most recluses, it is brown and usually has markings on the dorsal side of its thorax, with a black line coming from it that looks like a violin with the neck of the violin pointing to the rear of the spider resulting in the nickname "fiddleback spider" or "violin spider" in English-speaking areas. Coloring varies from light tan to brown and the violin marking may not be visible. Since the "violin pattern" is not diagnostic, it is far more important, for purposes of identification, to examine the eyes. Most spiders have eight eyes, but recluse spiders have six eyes arranged in pairs (dyads) with one median pair and two lateral pairs. 
The Chilean recluse spider is native to South America (it is common in Chile, and can be found throughout South America), and can now be found worldwide, including in North and Central America, Finland, and Australia. The spider is known to have established itself in the Los Angeles area, and infestations have been reported in Vancouver, British Columbia, Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Florida.
Like other recluse spiders, the Chilean recluse builds irregular webs that frequently include a shelter consisting of disorderly threads. Unlike most web weavers, they leave these webs at night to hunt. People get bitten when they unintentionally squeeze them in clothing and bedding. These spiders frequently build their webs in woodpiles and sheds, closets, garages, and other places that are dry and generally undisturbed. The spider frequently is found in human dwellings. The spiders can last a long time without food or water, a fact that encourages their worldwide spread.
Medical significance.
As indicated by its name, this spider is not aggressive and usually bites only when pressed against human skin, such as when putting on an article of clothing. Like all sicariid spiders, the venom of the Chilean recluse contains the dermonecrotic agent, Sphingomyelinase D, which is otherwise found only in a few pathogenic bacteria. According to one study, the venom of the Chilean recluse (along with the six-eyed sand spider), contains an order of magnitude more of this substance than that of other sicariid spiders such as the brown recluse.
Some bites are minor with no necrosis, but a small number produce severe dermonecrotic lesions (cutaneous loxoscelism) or even systemic conditions (viscerocutaneous loxoscelism); sometimes resulting in renal failure and in 3%–4% of cases in a clinical study in Chile, death. (For a comparison of the toxicity of several kinds of spider bites, see the list of spiders having medically significant venom.)
The serious bites form a necrotising ulcer that destroys soft tissue and may take months, and very rarely, years to heal, leaving deep scars. The damaged tissue will become gangrenous and eventually slough away. Initially there may be no pain from a bite, but over time the wound may grow to as large as 10 inches (25 cm) in extreme cases. Bites may take up to seven hours to cause visible damage; more serious systemic effects may occur before this time, as venom of any kind spreads throughout the body in minutes. Deaths have been reported for the related South American species "L. laeta."
First aid involves the application of an ice pack to control inflammation, the application of aloe vera to soothe and help control the pain, and prompt medical care. If it can be captured, the spider should be brought with the patient in a clear, tightly closed container for identification. However, by the time the bite is noticed any spider found nearby is not likely to be the culprit.

</doc>
<doc id="5951871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951871" title="New Day Dawning (Cherish the Ladies album)">
New Day Dawning (Cherish the Ladies album)

New Day Dawning, an album by Cherish the Ladies, was released in 1996 on the Green Linnet label.

</doc>
<doc id="5951879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951879" title="Opposition researcher">
Opposition researcher

Opposition researchers are paid political consultants who research potentially damaging information about their employer's opponent. [http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1316/is_n7-8_v28/ai_18480799. 

</doc>
<doc id="5951882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951882" title="Tales of the Unexpected">
Tales of the Unexpected

Tales of the Unexpected may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951884" title="Hotzenplotz">
Hotzenplotz

Hotzenplotz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5951933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951933" title="Niederstotzingen">
Niederstotzingen

Niederstotzingen is a small city in the district of Heidenheim in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is situated 17 km southeast of Heidenheim, and 24 km northeast of Ulm. The city consists of four sections or villages; Niederstotzingen, Oberstotzingen, Stetten ob Lontal and the combined section Lontal und Reuendorf. There are 4,850 inhabitants.
History.
Vogelherdhöhle.
The region around Niederstotzingen has been inhabited since pre-historic times. Finds of mammoth ivory carvings in the area have been dated to 35,000 BC. The main source of these carvings is the "Vogelherdhöhle", a cave near modern Niederstotzingen which may have been used as a rest area and shelter for nearly 30,000 years.
The cave was discovered in 1931 by a senior railroad clerk and historian, Hermann Mohn, as he explored the hills above the city. An expedition in 1931, led by Gustav Riek discovered eleven carved animal figures that dated from around 32,000 years ago. A 2005/2006 expedition by the university of Tübingen discovered several additional statues including one, an ivory horse, which may be one of the oldest human artworks in the world. Then, in 2006 another sculpture was discovered. This one, a mammoth carved from mammoth ivory, was dated from 35,000 years ago making it the oldest artwork in the world.
Additionally, nearby caves in the Lonetal (Lone valley) have also sources of ancient carvings (see Lion man). The Lone valley may have even been home to two different types of humans. It appears likely that both the Neanderthal and the Cro-Magnon may have occupied the valley. Professor Riek, who discovered many of the early carvings, wrote a documentary novel entitled "Die Mammutjäger im Lonetal" (Mammoth hunters in the Lone Valley) which included violent conflicts between the "Bärentöter" (Bear Killers or Neanderthal) and the "Mammutjäger" (Mammoth Hunters or Homo Sapiens).
Roman Era.
Before the Romans entered Germania, the Celts occupied the Lone Valley. A Celtic "Viereckschanze" or "four-sided earthworks" has been discovered near modern Niederstotzingen. From the Roman era, a villa rustica (or Roman Farm) has been discovered between Niederstotzingen and Sontheim. The villa was located along the old Roman road that lead from Urspring to Regensburg.
Middle Ages.
During construction in the south part of town, in 1962, a small cemetery from the later half of the 7th century was discovered. The Alamannian cemetery contained the remains of several nobles as well as their animals and valuables.
The name "Stotzingin" first appears in 1143, though the meaning of the name is still not clear. During the High Middle Ages, a minor noble family named itself after the city. The family, which is still in existence, ruled Niederstotzingen until 1330. In 1366 Emperor Charles IV gave Niederstotzingen to Wilhelm von Riedheim with a directive to expand and fortify the city. The city was granted the status of a city which it has held ever since (except for a short interruption in the 19th century).
In 1400 the von Leimberg family acquired the rights to rule the city. Only fifty years later the rights went to the knightly family von Westernach. The von Westernachs then traded Niederstotzingen in 1457 to the vom Stain family in exchange for Konzenberg. 
The Stain family expanded and developed their fief over the following centuries. They granted several important privileges including a guarantee that the citizens of the city couldn't be judged in foreign courts. They also sought to use the wealth of the city to become free Imperial Knights, to only owe loyalty and taxes to the Emperor. However, in 1550 the inheritance of Bernhard vom Stain was split into two pieces: the "burgschlossische" (called after the old knightly castle, the "Burgschloss") and the "steinhausische" half (called after the "Steinhaus" or new castle). In 1565 Heinrich vom Stain became Protestant and ordered his half of the town to convert. His brother in the "steinhausischen" half remained Catholic. The citizens of the city were therefore split over religion for centuries. The Niederstotzinger Church was used by both faiths until 1960.
After the death of the childless Heinrich vom Stain in 1605 his part of Niederstotzingen was granted to his cousin Leopold Karl, who ruled in the neighboring city of Bächingen. Leopold then split his half of Niederstotzingen in 1624, between his two sons. Inside the small city wall of Niederstotzingen there were now three related lords ruling a section of town. There was the Catholic "steinhausische", the "burgschlossische" and the new "freihausische" rulers.
In 1661 the "steinhausische" section was sold to the Kaisheim Abbey. In 1799 the last holder of the "freihausische" section died childless and the section was reunited with the "burgschlossische" under the Graf (or Count) Karl Leopold vom Stain. He also died in 1809 without any children and his territory (Niederstotzingen as well as Riedhausen) as well as his newly built castle went to his nephew "Graf" (or Count) Joseph Alexander von Maldeghem. The Schloss Niederstotzingen is currently owned by this family, which had also purchased the villages of Oberstotzingen and Stetten to expand their holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="5951960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951960" title="Cashiering">
Cashiering

Cashiering (or degradation ceremony) is a ritual dismissal of an individual from some position of responsibility for a breach of discipline.
It is especially associated with the public degradation of disgraced military officers. Prior to World War I this aspect of cashiering sometimes involved a parade-ground ceremony in front of assembled troops with the destruction of symbols of status: epaulettes ripped off shoulders, badges and insignia stripped, swords broken, caps knocked away, and medals torn off and dashed upon the ground.
In addition, in the era when British Army officers generally bought their commissions, being cashiered meant that the amount they had paid was lost, as they could not "sell-out" afterwards.
Famous examples.
Famous victims of cashiering include Francis Mitchell (1621), Thomas Cochrane, 10th Earl of Dundonald (after the Great Stock Exchange Fraud of 1814), Alfred Dreyfus (1894, see trial and conviction of Alfred Dreyfus and Dreyfus affair), and Philippe Pétain (1945).
In fiction.
Anime, cartoons, and manga.
In the manga/anime series "Fairy Tail", Yukino Aguria is excommunicated from her guild Sabertooth by Guild Master Jiemma, who ordered her to strip herself naked and self-erase her guild mark before ordering her to leave.
In the "Merrie Melodies" animated cartoon short "Fresh Hare" (1942), Bugs Bunny is being chased by Elmer Fudd, in this case an officer with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Bugs impersonates a senior officer and cashiers Elmer, not only tearing off his insignia and decorations but also his buttons and the rest of his uniform, even his undershorts.
Film.
A form of cashiering is parodied in the film "" (2003), in which after DJ Drake (portrayed by Brendan Fraser) is fired from his job as a security guard, his superior rips off all the badges on his uniform jacket one by one before ordering him to surrender the now-bare jacket, which ironically rendered the earlier moves unnecessary.
In the movie "Mary Poppins" (1964), when George Banks is fired, a version of cashiering occurs: a member of the bank's board of directors ceremoniously tears up the carnation from his lapel, and then destroys his hat and umbrella before showing him the door.
Print.
Cashiering is mentioned in Rudyard Kipling's poem "Danny Deever" (1890), in which a British soldier in India is degraded before his regiment before being hanged for murder: "They're taken of his buttons off an' cut his stripes away".
In Thomas Pynchon's novella "The Crying of Lot 49" (1966), the Metzger character acted as a child star in a film called "Cashiered", about a World War II British officer drummed out of the army on trumped up charges, who tries to clear his name.
In David Weber's Honor Harrington novel "Field of Dishonor" (1994), Pavel Young is cashiered when he is dishonorably discharged from the Royal Manticoran Navy.
Television.
In the NBC TV Series "Branded", Jason McCord is shown being cashiered in the opening credits.
In Season 8, Episode 8 of "South Park": "Douche and Turd", Stan is cashiered when he is banished from South Park for refusing to vote for the school mascot.
In the pilot episode of the AMC television series "TURИ" (April 6, 2014), British Captain Hewlett orders British Captain Joyce to return to England to be court martialled and cashiered for brawling in an American tavern, in violation of the occupying army's rules to maintain law and order.
In the Duck Tales S1E12 Spies in their eyes, Donald Duck is court marshalled and cashiered by Admiral Grimits

</doc>
<doc id="5951969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951969" title="Niemegk">
Niemegk

Niemegk is a town in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 10 km southeast of Belzig, and 23 km north of Wittenberg. It is located in the High Fläming Nature Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5951974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951974" title="Ekundayo Jayeoba">
Ekundayo Jayeoba

Ekundayo Jaiyeoba (born 4 April 1980) is a Nigerian football player who currently plays for Strumska slava in Bulgaria.
Trivia.
Ekundayo is a striker but has spent most of last season recovering from a serious injury that he suffered in late fall of 2004. He joined Levski in 2004 after spending a couple of seasons at Lokomotiv Plovdiv. "Dayo", as fans call him, is a prolific striker and is among the best young attackers in the Bulgarian football championship.
Bulgarian "A" Group.
2003-04: Helped Lokomotiv Plovdiv win the Bulgarian APFG League championship with nine goals in 26 appearances. 
2004: Featured for Lokomotiv Plovdiv in their UEFA Champions League second round qualifier, as they got eliminated by Belgian side Club Brugge. 
2004-05: Started the season with Lokomotiv Plovdiv but later joined another Premier League club Levski Sofia. Signed a three-and-a-half year contract for €150,000. Teamed up with fellow Nigerian Richard Eromoigbe. 
2005-06: Sidelined for six months after suffering an Achilles tendon injury in a UEFA Cup first round qualifying game against Slovenian club NK Publikum. 
2006-07: Helped Levski Sofia to join at UEFA Champions League Group stage.
2007-08: He started the season with Levski Sofia but on 31 January 2008 шhe agreement for the transfer of the Nigerian PFC Levski player to the Israeli Maccabi Herzliya has been finalized at the very end of the winter transfer period. The footballer will be playing on loan until the end of the season but there is also an option for the Israeli club to buy his transfer rights.
2008: After playing on loan at Maccabi Herzilya, Levski sold him to Chernomorets in the Bulgarian League. He returns to familiar terrain where he made his mark wearing the colours of Lokomotiv Plovdiv and Levski Sofia.
2009: After several months in Burgas, he is loaned by Vihren Sandanski and later bought.
2010: In June his contract with Vihren expired and he left "gladiators" to join ambitious Etar 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="5951977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951977" title="Whatever You Want – The Very Best of Status Quo">
Whatever You Want – The Very Best of Status Quo

"Whatever You Want" - The Very Best of Status Quo is an album by English rock band Status Quo. It is a best-of compilation consisting of two discs.

</doc>
<doc id="5951995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5951995" title="Voice inversion">
Voice inversion

Voice Inversion scrambling is an analog method of obscuring the content of a transmission. It sometimes used in public service radio, automobile racing, cordless telephones and the Family Radio Service. Without a descrambler, the transmission makes the speaker "sound like Donald Duck". It is called "voice inversion", but the technique operates on the passband of the information and so can be applied to any information being transmitted.
There are various forms of voice inversion which offer differing levels of security. Overall, voice inversion scrambling offers little true security as software and even hobbyist kits are available from kit makers for scrambling and descrambling. The cadence of the speech is not changed. It is often easy to guess what is happening in the conversation by listening for other audio cues like questions, short responses and other language cadences.
In the simplest form of voice inversion, the frequency formula_1 of each component is replaced with formula_2, where formula_3 is the frequency of a carrier wave. This can be done by amplitude modulating the speech signal with the carrier, then applying a low-pass filter to select the lower sideband. This will make the low tones of the voice sound like high ones and vice versa. This process also occurs naturally if a radio receiver is tuned to a single sideband transmission but set to decode the wrong sideband.
There are more advanced forms of voice inversion which are more complex and require more effort to descramble. One method is to use a random code to choose the carrier frequency and then change this code in real time. This is called "Rolling Code voice inversion" and one can often hear the "ticks" in the transmission which signal the changing of the inversion point.
Another method is "Split Band Voice Inversion" sometimes called VSB. This is where the band is split and then each band is inverted separately. A rolling code can also be added to this method for Split Band Variable Inversion.
Common carrier frequencies are: 2.868 kHz, 2.632 kHz, 2.718 kHz, 2.868 kHz, 3.023 kHz, 3.107 kHz, 3.196 kHz, 3.333 kHz, 3.339 kHz, 3.496 kHz, 3.729 kHz and 4.096 kHz.

</doc>
<doc id="5952003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952003" title="Nittenau">
Nittenau

Nittenau is a municipality in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Regen, 18 km southeast of Schwandorf, and 24 km northeast of Regensburg. It is the "sister city" of Lake Zurich, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5952007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952007" title="Osoblaha">
Osoblaha

Osoblaha (; ; ("Hotz'plotz", "Hots'plots"); ) is a village in the Bruntál District of Czech Silesia in the Czech Republic in Osoblaha Hook. From 1938 to 1945 it was one of the municipalities in Sudetenland. The village is named after the Osoblaha River of the same name.
Osoblaha municipality is situated in the northern part of the microregion being the final stop of the narrow-gauge railway. The first mention of Osoblaha dates back to 1233 with gaining its town rights in 1251 which set principles to its economical development. However, small-town prosperity (Osoblaha had a population of nearly 5000 before World War II) was halted by World War II. Although Osoblaha was the first town to be liberated in the Czech lands - by Soviet troops on 22 March 1945, still at the cost of 90% destruction of all buildings in the town. The German name of the municipality is „Hotzenplotz“ as this name served the German writer Otfried Preussler for naming his famous fairy-tale character of „Hotzenplotz the Robber“. Currently, Osoblaha has a population of 1133.
According to the Austrian census of 1910 the town had 2,853 inhabitants, 2,759 of whom had permanent residence there. Census asked people for their native language, 2,754 (99.8%) were German-speaking. Jews were not allowed to declare Yiddish, most of them thus declared the German language as their native. Most populous religious groups were Roman Catholics with 2,779 (97.4%), followed by Jews with 58 (2%).
The most important monument in the centre of the municipality is the Jewish Cemetery. The cemetery is a unique landmark for Czech conditions due to its tombstones character („macev“) which are of the „Silesian type“. This type of tombstones is typical for a number and size of used ornaments where the oldest tombstone is from 1694. In the town it is possible to find remains of former town fortifications from the 16th century. From the other Osoblaha monuments can be named the St. Nicholas Church behind the town towards Studnice village which is together with the empire fountain on the square one of the last monuments remembering former architectural town’s appearance.
In the 1870s the owners of sugar refinery in Osoblaha were looking for a railway connection of their town. From financial point of view, the best alternative was a connection to the railway network in neighbouring Prussia. However, the government in Vienna refused it on political and military grounds. On 14. December 1898 a narrow gauge railway line from Třemešná was opened.

</doc>
<doc id="5952009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952009" title="Crazy Sue Goes On">
Crazy Sue Goes On

Crazy Sue Goes On is a 2D platform game, which was first released in 1992 as cover disk of the "Amiga Mania" magazine by "MC Publications" in the UK, and in the "Amiga Fun" magazine by "CompuTec Verlag" in Germany. This game is the sequel to Crazy Sue, and the player again takes the role of the little girl named "Crazy Sue", and must defeat the wife of the evil "Wizard of Doom" whom she defeated in the first game.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is almost unmodified from Crazy Sue, but levels got bigger and more complicated, however there still is only horizontal scrolling. Some differences are in level design. The player often has to go back to locations, and climb around in large levels. There also are some timed power-ups which can be activated at special locations (something which did not exist in the first game).
Story.
The story connects directly to Crazy Sue. The "Wizard of Doom" was defeated there, but now his wife, the "Mistress of Death", causes trouble and steals Crazy Sue's teddy bear. Therefore Crazy Sue sets out once again, to rescue her teddy bear and defeat the evil mistress.
Levels.
The game has only 4 levels, as compared to 10 in the first game. They are considerably larger and less linear though, so the game has about the same length overall. In the first level, Crazy Sue arrives at the castle of the "Mistress of Death", and has to use speed scrolls in order to not run out of time. In levels two and three she has to fight through the castle and library. In level four she enters the sewers to reach the place of the final battle.

</doc>
<doc id="5952015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952015" title="David W. Guion">
David W. Guion

David W. Guion (December 15, 1892, Ballinger, TexasOctober 17, 1981), Texan composer, was best known for his arrangements of cowboy tunes, African American spirituals, and original compositions often inspired by the soundscape of west Texas.
Early life.
David Wendel Guion (some sources show him as David Wendel Fentress Guion) was born in Ballinger, Texas on December 15, 1892 to John I. and Armour Fentress Guion. Guion began to play the piano at an early age. He was intrigued by the cowboys, former cattle drivers, who worked on his father's ranch, and also by the spirituals that he heard whenever a family servant brought him to the services of an African-American church. As a young boy, he was sent by train each Saturday to San Angelo, where he took piano lessons with Charles Finger, who later became a prolific author and literary magazine editor. In the fall of 1907 he studied at the Whipple Academy in Jacksonville, Illinois, after which he continued his studies in Fort Worth at Polytechnic College (now Texas Wesleyan University) under Wilbur MacDonald. After MacDonald's death in 1912, Guion went to Vienna, where he studied at the Imperial Academy of Music with Leopold Godowsky until the spring of 1914. Returning to Texas, Guion taught piano at Daniel Baker College (now Howard Payne University) in Brownwood, and also turned his attention to composition. One of his first major successes, a virtuosic arrangement of "Turkey in the Straw", was performed by many famous pianists, most notably Percy Grainger.
From pianist to cowboy-composer.
After Guion's father died in 1920, the family left Ballinger and moved to Dallas. Guion's father, John Isaac Guion II, was the son of a Mississippi governor (John I. Guion), and served as President of the Board of Directors at A&M College (now Texas A&M University), where Guion Hall was built in his honor. In the following decade, David Guion taught at Southern Methodist University, various private music schools in Dallas, Chicago Musical College, and in summer programs at Estes Park, Colorado. He won first prize in rodeos at Estes Park and Cheyenne, Wyoming. Guion was married briefly to Marion Ayers, daughter of the owner of a Dallas department store.
Fame on Broadway and on the radio.
In 1930 at the Roxy Theater in New York City, Guion starred in the cowboy show "Prairie Echoes", featuring several of his cowboy songs, including his own version of "Home on the Range". It was Guion's arrangement that transformed "Home on the Range" from a little-known cowboy tune to one of the most famous and popular of all western songs, proclaimed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as his own favorite. Guion did two series of weekly radio shows featuring his own music exclusively: "Hearing America with Guion" (June–September 1931) and "David Guion and Orchestra" (January–March 1932). These programs, which were carried across the country in a coast-to-coast hookup, contributed to the vogue for singing cowboys that continued on radio and television through the 1940s and early 1950s. Guion's ballet "Shingandi", originally written for two pianos but later orchestrated by Ferde Grofé and introduced by Paul Whiteman's orchestra in November 1931 both in a live concert and in a nationwide radio broadcast, is one of the most significant American dramatic works in the style of primitivism. Concluding his two-year stay in New York, Guion returned to Dallas in the summer of 1932. Theodore Kosloff choreographed "Shingandi" and gave the work its first performance as a ballet in 1933.
Later career.
Guion's "My Cowboy Love-Song" was the theme for the show "Cavalcade of Texas", which ran for six months as part of the Texas Centennial Exposition in 1936. His mother died later that year, after which Guion largely retired from public life, moving to an estate that he called "Home on the Range" along Pohopoco Creek in the Poconos in Pennsylvania. He lived here until 1965, when his property was condemned for a dam to be constructed along the creek to create Beltzville Lake.
The first week of February 1950 was declared David Guion Week and was celebrated with numerous performances across Texas. Climaxing this celebration was a ceremony at Howard Payne University in which Guion received an honorary doctorate. That same year he received a commission from the Houston Symphony Orchestra to write the fourteen-movement "Texas Suite", which contains several newly composed pieces along with orchestrations of some of his previous works.
Returning from Pennsylvania to Dallas, Guion lived the rest of his life in the same house that had belonged to his mother. He died in Dallas on October 17, 1981 and was buried in his hometown of Ballinger.
Compositions.
Among the approximately 200 works by David Guion (some of which are arrangements of folk songs and African-American spirituals) are:

</doc>
<doc id="5952021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952021" title="The Eugenics Council">
The Eugenics Council

The Eugenics Council was formed in 1995 by D.N. Since that time the lineup has often changed, the one constant always being D.N. 
Eugenics Council live performances are known for having a violent confrontational nature which has included the use of heavy explosives, tazers, uncontrolled fires, large machinery, stun guns, tear gas and on occasion shotguns. E.C. Recordings utilize heavy feedback, synthesizers, vocals and the sounds of machinery.
Discography.
A complete discography of E.C. is unknown. the following however represents a bulk of the material that has been made available.
Menschenfeind Productions Released: 96 &97 Format: CD
Released in two additions the first limited to 50 copies which included hand written notes, and was given to friends and Loved ones. Version two was limited to ~ 300 copies. Both editions of this CD are long out of print.
Menschenfeind Productions Released: 2000 Format: CD
Due to a mistake by the pressing plant the CD was released in two editions, each limited to 500 copies. The two editions differed slightly from one another, other than different mixes of the same songs, and a different track order. Both copies are now out of print, and are not planned for repressing.
Menschenfeind Productions Released:??? Format:9" triangle record
To further confuse and alienate we released a pop song called Auschwitz Fuck. The split was with Kill Rock Stars artist Gene Defcon(Prima Donnas). The 9" was a triangle shaped record limited to a couple hundred copies. release date unknown
Menschenfeind Productions Released:??? Format:7"
7" - Included "I am the Hate" by E.C.. The 7" was packaged in a steel frame with welded barbwire covered in the blood and Cum of D.N. This 7" was also available from Luftwaffe in alternate packaging. release date unknown 
Menschenfeind Productions Released:??? Format: 7"
split 7" - Limited to 300 copies contained the tracks Equal, and Pig. 
Deadline Recordings Released:?? Format: CD
split CD - released by deadline recordings, artwork by Richard Ramirez, included live tracks from both artists.
Not an official release, but widely available. The DVD documents about 3 hrs worth of E.C. shows. The quality varies from show to show, and no attempt was made at editing, or mastering. The DVD is distributed by Apop Records
Format: CD
Coalition for a better tomorrow was originally recorded as a one time live collaboration between D.N. of the Eugenics Council, 
Andrew of Praying for Oblivion/Tote Stadt, Scott and Paul from Sikhara. The tracks where recorded live in the winter of 99.
Originally packaged and released (by Menschenfeind Productions) in an edition of 33 and later in edition of two hundred each disc came packaged in a large Petri dish, the disc submerged in agar. Latex gloves where provided to retrieve the disc.
All art work was grown on the agar using a mix of bacteria, phage and antibiotics. The release was only available in the U.S. for obvious reasons. This time around the CD is packaged in oversized petri dishes, with artwork sealed in wax. No bacteria or agar this time. The release includes all 3 Coalition for a Better Tomorrow tracks, also included is the Eugenics Council live set at the Velvet Lounge from 1998 along with the Sikhara set from the same night. 
The CD is ended with 1 unreleased track each from the Eugenics Council, Praying for Oblivion, and Sikhara.
Compilation appearances.
Format: LP 
Electronic compilation featuring Interzone inc, Treriksröset, CPU, Jeanne Fremaux, Inyurmania, Maor Appelbaum, Alvars orkester, Commando Laarz, Goz mongo alliance, Smell & quim, En halvkokt i folie, Eugenics Council, FDASFDA, Five oÂ´clock traffic, Sewer election & Enema syringe. Lim Ed 300x BORFT RECORDS $15 USA $18world
Format: 2x tape 
Included two tracks from E.C.; Needle Dick & Taint. 23 Productions $12

</doc>
<doc id="5952053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952053" title="Nicola Sirkis">
Nicola Sirkis

Nicola Sirkis (born 22 June 1959 in Antony, Hauts-de-Seine) is the frontman and singer of the French rock band Indochine. He is the only remaining member of the original line-up of the band which he formed in 1981 with a friend, Dominique Nicolas, soon to be joined by his twin brother Stéphane and Dimitri Bodianski.
The band has been active for 30 years, and Nicola Sirkis saw critical and wide appeal and success in 2002 with the release of "Paradize".
In 1992, Nicola Sirkis released a solo-album, "Dans la Lune", covering a few of his favourite songs, in French or English.
Nicola Sirkis is also the author of the collection of short stories "Les Mauvaises Nouvelles", published in 1998. He has announced that a new book will come out soon. Sirkis is fluent in English.

</doc>
<doc id="5952055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952055" title="Patagonian Fox">
Patagonian Fox

Patagonian Fox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952094" title="KOHS">
KOHS

KOHS (91.7 FM) is non-profit non-commercial educational high school radio station broadcasting an alternative music format. The radio station was licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Orem, Utah. The radio station is owned by the Alpine School District and operated by the students of Orem High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5952110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952110" title="Heavy Traffic (album)">
Heavy Traffic (album)

Heavy Traffic is the twenty-fifth studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Published in 2002, it hit #15 on the UK charts. The album was released following the reunion of Francis Rossi with writing partner Bob Young, who co-wrote many of the band's songs between 1968 and 1980. This is the first album to feature drummer Matt Letley.
Personnel.
Recorded at State Of The Ark Studios

</doc>
<doc id="5952113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952113" title="Oberlungwitz">
Oberlungwitz

Oberlungwitz is a town in the Zwickau district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 18 km northeast of Zwickau, and 15 km west of Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="5952114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952114" title="Blue Murder (Peter Nichols play)">
Blue Murder (Peter Nichols play)

Blue Murder by Peter Nichols was written in 1995 as a four act drama, in response to those who had often questioned why Nichols had never written a play surrounding a murder investigation. "Blue Murder" opened at Royal Court Theatre in London on 23 May 1995 without the performance of the third act. Despite Nichols' objections, the third act was removed due to budgetary constraints. The play was not performed in its entirety until 1998 by the Show of Strength Theatre Company at the Lyceum Theatre, Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="5952117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952117" title="Fade to Grey (Visage song)">
Fade to Grey (Visage song)

"Fade to Grey" is the second single by the British group Visage, released on Polydor Records in 1980.
The song was the band's most successful single. It entered the singles charts in late 1980, peaking at no. 8 in the UK Singles Chart and reaching no. 1 in both Germany and Switzerland.
The song features the same lyrics in two different languages, English and French. The English are sung, the French ("devenir gris" means fade to grey) spoken by a female voice.
Background.
"Fade to Grey" was Visage's second single, but their first release on a major label, Polydor. It was released in November 1980, on the same day as the band's debut album, "Visage". "Fade to Grey" hit the charts around Europe in late 1980/early 1981, becoming a Top 10 hit in the UK, and a Top 5 hit in five countries as well as reaching no. 1 in Germany and Switzerland.
A remix by Bassheads/Andy Stevenson was released in 1993 to promote the "Fade to Grey – The Best of Visage" compilation (an updated re-release of 1983's "Fade to Grey – The Singles Collection"). The new version became a modest Top 40 hit in the UK, peaking at no. 39.
In 2008, Strange appeared on the BBC series "Ashes to Ashes" performing the song in the Blitz nightclub.
Controversies.
Authorship.
The song's structure was primarily composed by Billy Currie and Chris Payne. While setting the track listing of the "Visage" album, Midge Ure composed the song's lyrics after Billy Currie suggested the use of the melody for the album. The band's singer Steve Strange had singing lessons with Ure in order to maintain himself in tune and be recorded. Gary Numan commented in an interview for the "Numan Digest": "As far as I'm concerned, Chris and Billy were the driving force behind writing "Fade to Grey". They used to work on it during the sound checks on my '79 tour. Cedric the drummer of the Gary Numan's backing band was also heavily involved. In those days it was called "Toot City"."
On the UK Channel 4 show "Top Ten New Romantics" in 1999, Steve Strange claimed to have been the one who came up with the idea for the French vocal in the track (a statement disputed by Midge Ure who claims this idea was his). However, the original recording by Currie and Payne had featured a French vocal well before Ure and Strange were involved, and this was written by Payne who now lives in France. The French vocal was performed by Brigitte Arens, a young student from Luxembourg who was Rusty Egan's girlfriend at the time.
In his 2002 autobiography, Steve Strange expressed his discontent over writing credits for "Fade to Grey". Again claiming that the French lyrics were his idea, and revealing that the musicians had usually credited each song to Visage as a five-piece band, the singer said it was not fair to credit the song to Ure, Currie and Payne only, since his input was significant and he was "the focal point of the group".
"Fade to Grey" and "One Word".
In 2005, a copyright dispute arose over similarities between "Fade to Grey" and the Kelly Osbourne single, "One Word". Billy Currie accused "One Word" writer Linda Perry of copyright infringement and had discussions with co-writers Midge Ure and Chris Payne with a view to taking legal action. However, the matter was resolved after Perry agreed to pay them a share of the royalties from the single. Visage's second incarnation have announced their intention to release a "One Word" remix, but this has not materialised. They have, however, produced a reworked version of "Fade to Grey" in 2005.
To further accentuate the point, British mashup artist Mixomatosis released the track "Fade to Kelly", mixing an a cappella edit of "One Word" with the extended mix of "Fade to Grey".
Ironically, Italian singer Tiziano Ferro had a hit in Italy in 2006 with "Stop! Dimentica", a song which heavily samples Osbourne's "One Word".
Music video.
Visage's first music video was directed by Godley & Creme. The idea for the storyline was from Strange, whose body was covered with silver paint in the video. His friend, Julia Fodor, mimed the French lyrics in the video. The clip was included on band's 1986 video release, "Visage".

</doc>
<doc id="5952118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952118" title="Michael Collins (footballer born 1986)">
Michael Collins (footballer born 1986)

Michael Anthony Collins (born 30 April 1986) is a footballer who plays for Scunthorpe United. Collins has been capped six times by the Republic of Ireland U21 side.
Career.
Huddersfield Town.
Early career.
Having come through Huddersfield Town's academy, Collins made his first team debut in 2004 in a 1–0 home win over Blackpool on 19 February 2004. Collins made 8 appearances in his first season with The Terriers with 7 of them being starts.
Collins made his first start of the 2005/06 season coming on as a 90th minute substitute in a 3–1 home win over Swansea City on 13 August 2005. His first start came in a 4–2 away win in the League Cup over Chesterfield on 24 August 2005, his first goal came on 18 February 2006 in a 5–0 win over Milton Keynes Dons. 
Collins came off the bench in the FA Cup Third Round tie in January 2006 against Premier League champions Chelsea, and set-up Gary Taylor-Fletcher for an equaliser.
Collins made 21 appearances in all competitions for The Terriers in his second season at the club.
2006–07 season.
Collins made his first appearance of the 2006/07 season on the opening day of the season coming on in the 65th minute in a 2–1 away defeat away at Gillingham. Collins made his first start of the season in a 2–0 defeat to Mansfield Town at home in the first round of the League Cup on 22 August 2006. 
His first league start of the season on 26 August 2006 in a 1–1 draw at home with Nottingham Forest. Collins scored his first goal for the season in a 2–1 away win over Port Vale on 21 October 2006. His second came in a 3–2 away win at Rotherham United on 20 February 2007. Collins went on to score in the last two games of the season in a 4–2 win over Millwall on 21 April 2007 and then on the final day in a 3–1 win over Leyton Orient. 
Collins finished the season 46 appearances in all competitions starting 41 with 5 coming of the bench, scoring 4 goals during the 2006/07 season.
2007–08 season.
He scored his first league goal of the 2007–08 season in Huddersfield's 2–0 win over Yeovil Town at Huish Park on 2 February 2008.
During the 2007–08 season, Huddersfield manager Andy Ritchie tended to use Collins as cover in right-back and right-midfield positions, but he mainly tends to use Collins in tandem with Andy Holdsworth in Town's central midfield.
On 16 February 2008, Collins equalised Frank Lampard's goal on the stroke of half-time in the FA Cup Fifth Round at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea. It was only the second goal of the season for Collins.
2008–09 season.
After being left out of the first team squad the for most of the first part of the season by manager Stan Ternent, he was re-called to the side by caretaker manager Gerry Murphy to play in the FA Cup First Round tie at home to Port Vale. Collins scored Huddersfield's equalizer, but he was unable to prevent them losing 4–3. A week later Collins, scored his first Football League goal of the 2008–09 season, in the match at Elland Road against local rivals Leeds United. Collins went on to score 10 goals for the season from midfield.
2009–10 season.
Collins gained a red card in Huddersfield's first game of the season away at Southend United. His first goal of the season came in the 65 minute of Huddersfield's 2–1 home victory over Yeovil Town on 29 August 2009. He also scored goals in Huddersfield's 4–0 victory over Leyton Orient and the 3–3 draw with Tranmere Rovers at the Galpharm Stadium. 
Collins was ruled out for the remainder of the 2009–10 season on 5 April 2010, following surgery on a broken finger, but he returned as a substitute in the 2–1 defeat at Exeter City. He then came on as an 88th minute substitute in the first leg of Huddersfield's Play-off semi-final match with Millwall, and was an unused sub in the second leg defeat at the New Den on 18 May 2010. Collins started 26 games with a further six substitute appearances in the 2009–10 season, scoring three goals.
Collins along with six other players was added to the transfer list by manager Lee Clark on 24 May 2010. On 25 June 2010 it was confirmed that Scunthorpe United were interested in signing the midfielder, and Collins joined Scunthorpe on 6 July 2010 for an undisclosed fee.
Collins made a total of 164 starts for the Club with a further 33 appearances as a substitute, scoring 22 goals since joining form the academy in 2004 until he left in 2010.
Scunthorpe United.
Collins joined Football League Championship side Scunthorpe United on 6 July 2010 for an undisclosed fee from the Terriers. During his time at Scunthorpe United, Collins has appeared 72 times and scored a total of two goals.
AFC Wimbledon (loan).
On 20 February 2014, Collins joined AFC Wimbledon on loan for the rest of the 2013–14 season. 
International career.
Qualifying through to the parentage rule, Collins made his international debut in a Republic of Ireland U18 game in April 2003. He was the captain of the Irish under-19 squad and on 14 March 2007, he got his first call-up to the Irish Under-21 squad for a match against Netherlands Under-21's. However, he was forced to withdraw from the squad after picking up a shoulder injury in a league game against Brighton & Hove Albion.
He made his Ireland under-21 debut against Germany's under-21's in a friendly match at the Playmobil-Stadion in Fürth on 21 August 2007. His home debut came against Portugal's under-21's at the Turners Cross Stadium in Cork on 7 September 2007.
On 15 May 2008, he scored his first goals for the Ireland Under-21's in a 3–1 win over Malaysia Under-23's in an Intercontinental Cup match in Malaysia. Collins made six appearances scoring twice between 2007–2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5952120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952120" title="Marco Antonio Zago">
Marco Antonio Zago

Marco Antonio Zago (b. January 11, 1946, Birigüi, São Paulo) is a Brazilian physician and prominent medical scientist, who is active in the fields of hereditary diseases of the blood (hemoglobins, clotting, thrombosis), molecular basis of cancer and human population genetics. Since 2007 he is also the president of the Brazilian National Research Council (CNPq).
Dr. Zago graduated in Medicine from the School of Medicine of Ribeirão Preto of the University of São Paulo in 1970, where he received the M.Sc. degree in medicine (1973) and the Ph.D. degree (1975), under the supervision of Professor Cássio Bottura, one of the most outstanding Brazilian hematologist and cytogeneticist. 
After his post-doctoral training at the Oxford University, in the laboratories of Professor Sir David J. Wetherall, whose group was at the time establishing the molecular bases of the thalassemias, he returned to Brazil and started a research group with a major scientific interest in the genetic bases of hematological diseases.
This group soon attracted attention with the following achievements, among others:
As a medical academic, Dr. Zago has supervised ca. 20 PhD or MSc theses, and most of his former graduate students are now researchers in different universities. Apart from his research group in Ribeirão Preto, his students have founded two other prominent research nuclei of human population genetics (in Belém, Pará) and hematology (in Campinas). He participates in two consortia coordinated by FAPESP, a science foundation in the State of S. Paulo, and the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research (LICR): the sequencing of the Xylella fastidiosa genome, the first phytopathogen whose genome was completely sequenced, and the FAPESP/LICR Human Cancer Genome Project, that studied the gene expression in human neoplastic tissues, and generated one of the largest contributions of gene expression to public databases. 
Dr. Zago is a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences and holds a Commend of the Brazilian Order of Scientific Merit presented by the Presidency of the Republic on August 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5952131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952131" title="Eduardo Brizuela del Moral">
Eduardo Brizuela del Moral

Eduardo S. Brizuela del Moral (born August 20, 1944) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician. He has been governor of Catamarca Province since 2003, heading the Civic and Social Front of Catamarca.
Eduardo Brizuela was born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca and studied agronomy at the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, from which he graduated in 1972. He became an academic in the field of topography and was named a member of the Provincial Agronomists Council, later heading the Bureau of Surveyors of Catamarca Province and of its capital. In 1986 he became rector of the Universidad Nacional de Catamarca, serving until 1991.
Brizuela was elected Mayor of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca in 1991. He was re-elected in 1995, and again in 1999. He served as vice-president of the Argentine Federation of Municipalities from 1998 to 2000. In 2001, he was elected to the Argentine Senate representing his home province, serving until the gubernatorial election in 2003.
Eduardo Brizuela became a "K Radical," a UCR supporter of President Néstor Kirchner, and endorsed Kirchner in the 2007 elections. He subsequently received the endorsement of Jorge Sobisch's conservative Movement of the United Provinces, in his own, successful re-election bid for governor. Following his re-election, Brizuela (and most K Radicals) broke with Kirchnerism as a result of the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector.
Brizuela ran for a third term as governor in the 2011 elections, being defeated by Senator Lucía Corpacci of the Kirchnerist Front for Victory by 83,711 votes over 76,627.

</doc>
<doc id="5952147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952147" title="Poppy (disambiguation)">
Poppy (disambiguation)

Poppy is any flower with the genus or species Papaveraceae which has the common name "poppy".
Poppy can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5952161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952161" title="Fritzi Scheff">
Fritzi Scheff

Biography.
Born Friederike Scheff in Vienna, Austria to Dr. Gottfried Scheff and Anna Yeager, she studied at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt and made her début in Munich in the title röle of "Martha" (1898). In 1901 she first appeared at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, singing rôles in "La Bohème", "Die Meistersinger", "Die Walküre", and "Don Giovanni". She sang in the Victor Herbert operetta "Babette" at Washington and New York (1903). Toward the end of the following year's season Schiff became ill and was replaced by her understudy Ida Hawley to close out the remaining performances of Babette. Schiff had immense success as Fifi in "Mlle. Modiste" (1905–1908) and 1913) and appeared also in "The Prima Donna" (1908), "The Mikado" (1910), "The Duchess" (1911), and "The Love Wager" (1912). From 1913 to 1918, she appeared principally in vaudeville, returning in the latter year to the musical opera stage in "Glorianna".
Movies and television.
In 1915 Scheff appeared in her first film, "Pretty Mrs. Smith", based on a Broadway play she starred in. It was produced and directed by Hobart Bosworth. She made no other silent pictures. In the late 40s and early 50s Scheff ventured into sound movies and television. She appeared in night clubs and on talk shows such as Ralph Edwards "This is Your Life" shortly before her death.
Marriages.
She married, first, Baron Fritz von Bardeleben a Prussian nobleman, then in 1908 John Fox, Jr. author of "The Trail of the Lonesome Pine", and, in 1913, George Anderson, an actor. She bore no children in any of the marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="5952168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952168" title="Sampford Brett">
Sampford Brett

Sampford Brett is a village and civil parish situated at the north-western edge of the Quantock Hills, Somerset, England, less than south of Williton, just off the A358 road to Taunton.
It lies in a shallow valley cut by the Sampford stream running from Aller Farm, and its main street runs east-west from the church to the crossroads at the western end. To the south and east of the village there is a good view of the Quantock Hills and it is shielded from the main road by the rising hill to the north.
History.
The village takes the first part of its name from the "sandy ford" which crossed the Doniford stream between Sampford Brett and Woolston and the second part from the Brett family, who held the manor from the 12th century until they sold it to the Courtneys in 1359.
The parish includes the Domesday manor of Torweston.
The parish of Sampford Brett was part of the Williton and Freemanners Hundred.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of West Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Williton Rural District. The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Bridgwater and West Somerset county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Religious sites.
The parish Church of St George was built around 1300. The north transept and tower were added in the late 14th or early 15th centuries. In 1835-1843 the chancel, vestry and west end of the nave were rebuilt. The west porch and organ chamber were restored in 1960-1962 following damage during World War II. The west windows were rebuilt in 1967. It has been designated as a Grade II* listed building.
Notable residents.
Sampford Brett is the birthplace of Richard le Breton, one of the four knights who murdered Saint Thomas Becket
It was the birthplace of the professional cricketer Haydn Sully

</doc>
<doc id="5952172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952172" title="Solomon Jones (basketball)">
Solomon Jones (basketball)

Solomon Jones III (born July 16, 1984) is an American professional basketball player. He is 6'10" and weighs 235 lb, playing the power forward and center positions. He played his college basketball at Daytona State College for two seasons (2002–2004) and then at the University of South Florida for another two seasons (2004–2006). He was then selected by the Atlanta Hawks with the 33rd overall pick in the 2006 NBA draft.
Professional career.
As a rookie, he played in 58 games for the Atlanta Hawks. He averaged 3.3 points a game and 2.3 rebounds a game in 11.5 minutes. After three seasons with the Atlanta Hawks, he signed a two-year deal with the Indiana Pacers. 
On January 3, 2012, he signed with the Los Angeles Clippers, but he was later waived on February 7. On February 15, 2012, he signed a 10-day contract with the New Orleans Hornets. On February 27, 2012, he signed a second 10-day contract with the Hornets. In September 2012, Jones signed with the Phoenix Suns. On October 24, 2012, Jones was waived by the Suns. In January 2013, he joined the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association. On April 12, 2013, Jones signed with the New York Knicks. He was later waived by the Knicks on April 15, 2013.
In September 2013, he signed with the Orlando Magic. On January 4, 2014, he was waived by the Magic.
On February 10, 2014, Jones was acquired by the Erie BayHawks of the NBA D-League.

</doc>
<doc id="5952174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952174" title="Matty Young">
Matty Young

Matthew "Matty" Young (born 25 October 1985 in Leeds, West Yorkshire) is a semi-professional football midfielder currently playing for Evo-Stik Premier Division side Worksop Town. He began his career at Huddersfield Town in League One.
Career.
Huddersfield Town.
Young progressed through the youth ranks at Huddersfield Town to make his debut in the 3-1 win over Walsall in October 2005. He made another two appearances this season, as the Terriers finished in a Play-Off spot. He made a bigger impact upon the first team in the following season, making twenty-nine appearances and scoring twice. His first goal for the club was the equalizing goal in Huddersfield's 1–1 draw against Chesterfield at the Galpharm Stadium on 27 January 2007.
His first away goal for the club was a scant consolation goal in the humiliating 5-1 defeat against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground on 3 March. The humiliating defeat was to be the end of manager Peter Jackson's second spell in charge of the Terriers.
The 2007-08 season did not bring much joy to Young. He missed most of the season due to injury and when Andy Ritchie tried to send him out on loan to either Chesterfield or Farsley Celtic, injury ruled him out again. He had a trial at Football League Two side Rotherham United in April 2008.
Non-League in West Yorkshire.
Young spent the next two years at several clubs in West Yorkshire including Harrogate Town, Farsley Celtic, Guiseley and Ossett Town. He was part of Farsley's final squad before they filed for bankruptcy in the 2009/2010 season but ended the year on a high, winning promotion to the Conference North through the Play-Offs with Guiseley.
Worksop Town.
In October 2010, Young left Ossett Town and headed south to Nottinghamshire to sign for divisional rivals Worksop Town, managed by his former Huddersfield Town team mate Martin McIntosh. He made his debut for the Tigers after coming off the bench to replace Chris Bettney in a disappointing 1-1 draw away to Evo-Stik League Division One South side Market Drayton Town in the FA Trophy.
Young scored on his league debut against Matlock Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5952176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952176" title="Stanbrook Abbey">
Stanbrook Abbey

Stanbrook Abbey is an abbey originally built as a contemplative house for Benedictine nuns. It was founded in 1625 in Cambrai, Flanders, then part of the Spanish Netherlands, under the auspices of the English Benedictine Congregation. The English Benedictine Congregation have now re-located to Wass in the North York Moors National Park. The property is currently operational as an events venue, and is owned by Clarenco LLP.
History.
The chief foundress was 17-year-old Helen More, professed as Sister Gertrude More, who was great-great-granddaughter of St Thomas More; her father, Cresacre More, provided the original endowment for the foundation of the monastery. She eventually became Dame Gertrude More. The English Benedictine mystical writer Dom Augustine Baker trained the young nuns in a tradition of contemplative prayer which survives to the present (as of 2007). Solemnly professed Benedictine nuns are always called "Dame", as Benedictine monks are called "Dom". They are not Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
In 1793, during the French Revolution, the 22 nuns were ejected from their original house and imprisoned in Compiègne for 18 months, during which time four nuns died from the harsh conditions. The survivors returned destitute to England and, with the encouragement of Dom Augustine Lawson, eventually settled in 1838 at Stanbrook, Callow End (), near Malvern, Worcestershire, in the Severn Valley. 
The abbey church in Worcestershire was completed in 1871 to the designs of Edward Welby Pugin in Gothic Revival style.
Stanbrook is celebrated for its traditions of Gregorian chant, devotional literature and fine printing. The translations of the writings of St Teresa of Avila are still in print a century after their publication. The Stanbrook Abbey Press was at one time the oldest private press in England, and acquired an international reputation for fine printing under Dames Hildelith Cumming and Felicitas Corrigan. However, although digital printing and publishing continues at the Abbey on a small scale, the fine letterpress printing which made the Press famous had ceased by 1990.
Today.
The community announced in April 2002 that it would be moving. Abbess Joanna Jamieson made the announcement that the Abbey would move from its Victorian abbey, with its . of monastic buildings 'to make the best use of its human and financial resources'. The Abbey looked at possible sites all over the country until it bought Crief Farm at Wass in the North York Moors National Park.
Construction of the new monastery began on 18 June 2007. Progress of the building work, which will be completed in four distinct phases, is being recorded by the Friends of Stanbrook Abbey.
The community moved into the new Stanbrook Abbey in Wass on 21 May 2009. As of 2002 the community numbered 28 professed nuns and two postulants. About 120 lay people, known as oblates, are associated with the monastery.
In August 2010 the Worcestershire property was sold to Clarenco LLP and it is now operational as an events venue. 
Previous abbesses include (in alphabetical order):
External links.
http://www.stanbrookabbey.org.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="5952180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952180" title="Zaklopača (Grocka)">
Zaklopača (Grocka)

Zaklopača (Serbian Cyrillic: Заклопача) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Grocka.
Zaklopača is located in the central part of the municipality, 8 km west of the municipal seat of Grocka and 25 km east of Belgrade. It is located on the road connecting the road of "Smederevski put" to the north and the highway Belgrade-Niš to the south, with another branch of the road connecting Zaklopača directly to Grocka to the east.
Zaklopača is statistically classified a rural settlement (village). Its southern extension connects it urbanely with the village of Vrčin while the northern one, Strnjike, spreads along the "Smederevski put". It had population of 2,197 in 1991 and 2,252 in 2002.
Economy is based on the agriculture. The most important is the fruit growing as Zaklopača is in the middle of one of the most famous fruit producing areas of Serbia, with vast orchards (apples, plums, peaches, apricots, cherries, etc.). The "PKB" agricultural company, with fruit plantations and huge refrigerators ("PKB - Voćarske plantaže") is located nearby. Area surrounding Zaklopača is nicknamed 'Little California', because of its specific micro-climate conditions. Zaklopača has its own geographic areas, some of them are Podaćave, Lukino,Smrdan, Izvorčiće, Lazina Šuma, Golo brdo, Grčki potok, Grab, Jabučije, Mostine, Lipovica, Lupoglav, Velika strana, Gavran, etc. Curiosity is that the micro-climate is diverse to such an extent that each of these areas have best conditions for different species of fruits.
First settlements in the area of present village are formed at the end of the 18th century, on the northern border of Zaklopača. This area is known today as Staro Selo (Cyrillic: Старо село; English: Old Village).
Strnjike.
Northern section of Zaklopača, extending along the "Smederevski put" road is called Strnjike. Located on the top of the hill above Zaklopača, it grows faster than the rest of the settlement, stretching in all four directions: south to the center of the settlement, east to Grocka, west to Boleč and north to the Danube coast. Being on the major road, apart from agriculture, some commercial facilities are developing.

</doc>
<doc id="5952186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952186" title="Craig Smith">
Craig Smith

Craig Smith (born November 10, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA D-League. After playing at Boston College from 2002–2006, he was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 2006 NBA draft.
High school & College.
Smith attended Worcester Academy, a preparatory school in Worcester, Massachusetts, for a year as a post-graduate student before college. He went on to score 2,349 points in his collegiate career, placing him second on Boston College's career scoring list (behind Troy Bell). In his senior season, he had per-game averages of 17.6 points, 9.4 rebounds, 3.0 assists, 1.2 steals, and 0.8 blocked shots.
Professional career.
Smith was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves with the 36th overall pick in the 2006 NBA draft. On August 30, 2006, he signed a multi-year deal with the Timberwolves.
Smith averaged 7.4 points and 5.1 rebounds in his rookie year (2006–07) with the Timberwolves. He earned a starting role for the last five games of the season and averaged 12.0 points and 10.2 rebounds while logging an average 34.4 minutes. He had an increased role in the 2007–08 season after a strong rookie performance and a Vegas Summer League performance during which he averaged 21.8 points and 6.0 rebounds. On December 11, 2007, Smith scored 36 points in an 88–102 loss to the Washington Wizards, logging 38 minutes and making 14 of his 22 field goal attempts. On July 17, 2008, he re-signed with the Timberwolves on a multi-year deal.
On July 20, 2009, Smith was traded, along with Mark Madsen and Sebastian Telfair, to the Los Angeles Clippers for Quentin Richardson. On July 19, 2010, Smith re-signed with the Clippers on a one-year deal.
On December 15, 2011, Smith signed with the Portland Trail Blazers.
On August 11, 2012, Smith signed with Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. of Israel for the 2012–13 season. On March 15, 2013, he was released by Hapoel. He later joined the Hong Kong Bulls for the 2013 NBL season.
On March 14, 2014, Smith was acquired by the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA D-League.

</doc>
<doc id="5952191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952191" title="Massachusetts Route 127">
Massachusetts Route 127

Route 127 is a north–south Massachusetts state route that runs from Beverly to Gloucester. Much of the route is in Cape Ann.
Route description.
Route 127 begins in Beverly concurrently with Route 22 at Route 1A, just north of the Veteran's Memorial Bridge. Shortly afterward, the two routes split, with Route 127 heading east towards the shore, following past Independence Park and Lyons Park overlooking Beverly Harbor. Route 127 passes the eastern end of Route 62 before turning eastward again. Route 127 passes Endicott College and the Prides Crossing and Beverly Farms MBTA stations before continuing eastward into Manchester-by-the-Sea.
Once in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Route 127 acts as the main route through town, passing the downtown are and just north of the Manchester station. It crosses the tracks one more time (next to Sweeney Park) as it heads into Gloucester. Once in Gloucester, the route passes the Magnolia section of town before passing Ravenswood Park and Stage Fort Park, site of a large marker commemorating the city's founding. Just before crossing Blynman Canal, Route 127 meets the end of Route 133. As it passes the Western Harbor, Route 127 passes the Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial as well as passing just north of several of the city's major fishing companies (including Gorton's of Gloucester.
Just north of the Inner Harbor of Gloucester, Route 127 meets the southern end of Route 127A, just before crossing near the northern end of Route 128. Route 127 then crosses into the town of Rockport. The route passes towards the downtown, meeting the northern end of Route 127A and passing the Rockport station. Route 127 then heads north near the shore, passing Gull Cove, Rowe's Cove, Pigeon Cove and Ocean View, before bending southward (contrary to its signage) at Halibut Point State Park. It then re-enters Gloucester, changing direction on its state route signs, heading southward along Rowley Shore and along the banks of the Annisquam and Mill Rivers before finally ending at Route 128, at Grant Circle.
North Shore Route 127 in Beverly was named as one of the 1,000 places to visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.
History.
Route 127's route in 1930 was almost identical to the current route. However, it originally continued south of Grant Circle to end at itself. It was cut back in the mid-1990s.
Related route.
Route 127A is a north–south Massachusetts state route that runs from Gloucester to Rockport. All of the route is in Cape Ann, and it serves as a coastal alternative to Route 127.
The route starts in Gloucester where Route 127 leaves East Main Street and turns north to become Eastern Avenue. Route 127A continues east as East Main Street for about 500 feet before meeting the northern terminus of Route 128. Here, Route 127A takes the name of Bass Avenue, which it retains for half a mile before coming to an intersection with Atlantic and Thatcher Roads. At this point, Route 127A turns north onto Thatcher Road, bending northeast and east again, while passing Good Harbor Beach. After passing the beach entrance, the road begins to bend in a northeasterly direction as it crosses the town line into Rockport, keeping the name of Thatcher Road. After 1.6 miles in Rockport, the route comes to an intersection with South Street. Route 127A veers northwards onto South Street, eventually bending to the west. At Prospect Street, the road takes the name of Mt. Pleasant Street and heads northwest to downtown Rockport. As it approaches downtown, passing part of Rockport Harbor, Route 127A turns southwest onto Broadway and abruptly heads away from downtown Rockport. Finally, Route 127A terminates at an intersection with Route 127. Route 127A was commissioned in the early 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="5952193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952193" title="Andrew Haldenby">
Andrew Haldenby

Andrew Haldenby is a co-founder of the think tank Reform (in 2001, with Nick Herbert), and has been its Director since May 2005. He is a trustee of the sister organisation of Reform, Reform Scotland. He was previously Communications Director at Business for Sterling (2000-2001), and Director of Studies at the Centre for Policy Studies (1998-1999). Before that he worked in the Conservative Research Department (1995-1997), ultimately as Head of the Political Section.
He is also the author of a chapter in "The Future of the NHS" (2006) (ISBN 1-85811-369-5) edited by Dr Michelle Tempest.
Haldenby studied history at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge (1990-1993).

</doc>
<doc id="5952197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952197" title="Obernburg">
Obernburg

Obernburg am Main (officially "Obernburg a.Main") is a town in the Miltenberg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Obernburg lies at the mouth of the river Mömling, where it empties into the Main, at the foot of the Odenwald (range).
History.
Between 83 and 85, the Romans built the Obernburg Castrum, in the local speech also known as "Nemaninga". Obernburg’s Old Town still somewhat corresponds the castrum’s grounds. In the Alamannic Storm (invasion) in 259 and 260, the castrum foundered, but was further settled later on.
The castrum was the garrison of the "Cohors IIII Aquitanorum equitata". The stone fort, with an area of 2.9 ha and a nearly rectangular ground plan of roughly 185/188 × 160 m was oriented to the river Main. A "beneficiarii" station has been shown to have existed on the Limes road south of the fort, from which numerous dedication stones have been secured, which are to be exhibited in a newly established museum.
On 25 March 1313, Obernburg was raised to town by Archbishop of Mainz Peter of Aspelt. The confirmation of town rights by Louis the Bavarian came on 27 July 1317 in a document issued in Aschaffenburg.
Until the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss in 1803, Obernburg belonged to Electoral Mainz. Thereafter it belonged to the newly formed Principality of Aschaffenburg, with which it passed in 1814 (by this time it had become a department of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria. Until 1 July 1972, Obernburg was the seat of a like-named district. This was abolished in the course of municipal reform. On 1 May 1978, the neighbouring municipality of Eisenbach was amalgamated with Obernburg.
Public institutions.
State institutions.
The Obernburg District Court ("Amtsgericht Obernburg") is the court holding jurisdiction over the Miltenberg district.
Educational institutions.
Schools of general education ("Allgemeinbildende Schulen") in Obernburg are the Johannes-Obernburger-Volksschule (primary school and Hauptschule), the Eisenbach primary school and the Main-Limes-Realschule. Vocational training schools are the Staatliche Berufsschule Miltenberg-Obernburg, the Berufsfachschule für Kaufmännische Assistenten (for sales assistants) and the Staatliche Fachoberschule und Berufsoberschule Obernburg. Furthermore there are the municipal music school and the Dr.-Albert-Liebmann-Schule in Obernburg.
Offices.
In Obernburg there are a branch office of the Miltenberg district head’s office ("Landratsamtes"), the Obernburg Financial Office responsible for the district and a branch office of the Aschaffenburg Employment Office.
Sport and leisure.
There are many sport facilities: the Valentin-Ballmann-Halle, the Eisenbach Sport and Cultural Hall, a tennis hall and courts, a ninepin bowling alley, the Town of Obernburg sporting grounds at the school and sport centre, those of the Olympia gymnastic and sport club in the outlying centre of Eisenbach and the riding facility at the Neustädter Hof.
The sport club TUSPO Obernburg is above all known for its team handball department in the Men’s Second Handball "Bundesliga".
Culture and sightseeing.
Buildings.
Worth seeing are the remnants of the town fortifications, particularly the Upper Gate ("Oberes Tor"), the Alms Tower ("Almosenturm") and the Round Tower ("Runder Turm"). Also worth a visit are the Town Hall, the "Annakapelle" (chapel) and in Eisenbach the Baroque church.
Museums.
The "Römermuseum" (“Roman Museum”) gives itself over to the traces of Roman settlement in Obernburg and the surrounding area. The "Eisenbacher Heimatmuseum" (local history) is housed in the outlying centre’s former New Town Hall.
Hiking paths.
Since 1990, Obernburg has lain on the "Fränkischer Rotwein Wanderweg" (“Franconian Red Wine Hiking Trail”). Through Obernburg runs European walking route E8, which reaches from County Kerry in Ireland to İstanbul in Turkey.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Argent on a mount vert a buck attired statant gules, in his mouth a bunch of grapes Or stalked of the second, in sinister a demi-tree of the second.
The town once bore different arms showing the Wheel of Mainz, but this charge was dropped when the town became part of Bavaria in 1814. The new arms were introduced on the Mayor’s Medal in 1819. It has appeared in all official seals ever since.
Industry.
Obernburg’s industrial area lies near the outlying centre of Eisenbach in the town’s south. The biggest company is the firm Reis Robotics.
On the other side of the Main is found a further industrial area called the Industrie Center Obernburg (ICO). There, in line with tradition, various kinds of chemical fibres are produced. Moreover, the industrial park is home to many other, smaller businesses in various fields. Although the industrial park bears the name Obernburg, and this is also the postal address, it lies exclusively within the communities of Erlenbach am Main and Elsenfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="5952199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952199" title="Bobby Jones (basketball, born 1984)">
Bobby Jones (basketball, born 1984)

Bobby Ray Jones, Jr. (born January 9, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for Virtus Roma of the Italian League. He is a 6'7", 215 pound small forward mostly known for his defense.
College career.
As a senior at the University of Washington, he averaged 10.4 points, 4.9 rebounds, 1.3 assists, 1.2 steals, and 0.5 blocks per game. Jones finished his career at University of Washington as the 20th all-time leading scorer in school history with 1,226 career points.
NBA career.
2006-07 season.
After playing collegiately for four years at the University of Washington, he was drafted by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the second round of the 2006 NBA Draft and shortly thereafter traded to the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for Philadelphia's 2007 second-round draft pick and cash considerations.
2007-08 season.
On September 10, 2007, Jones was traded along with Steven Hunter to the Denver Nuggets for Reggie Evans and the draft rights of Ricky Sanchez. He was waived by the Nuggets on January 7, 2008 after averaging 3.3 points and 1.4 rebounds in 23 games off the bench.
He signed with the Memphis Grizzlies on January 10.
On February 26, he was signed to a ten-day contract with the Houston Rockets.
On March 12, he signed another ten-day contract, this time with the Miami Heat, his fourth different team of the season.
On April 1, he signed a ten-day contract with the San Antonio Spurs, his fifth NBA team of the season. Prior to the Spurs contract he was with the NBA Development League's Sioux Falls Skyforce.
After that contract expired on April 11, Jones was re-signed by the Denver Nuggets for the rest of the 2007-08 season.
2008-09 season.
On July 28, 2008, Jones was traded to the New York Knicks along with Taurean Green and a 2010 second round pick in exchange for Renaldo Balkman. However, one day later he was released by the Knicks.
On August 5, 2008, he was claimed by the Miami Heat off the waivers and then waived once again on August 15. He was later signed by the Sacramento Kings, but on October 21, 2008, he was waived.
European career.
Jones was signed by the Italian team Banca Tercas Teramo in July 2009.
In 2011, he joined Pistoia Basket 2000.
On July 25, 2012, Jones officially signed a one-year contract with the Italian team Virtus Roma. In August 2013, Jones re-signed for the upcoming season with Virtus Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="5952206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952206" title="Haloragaceae">
Haloragaceae

Haloragaceae (the watermilfoil family) is a dicotyledon flowering plant family in the order Saxifragales, based on the phylogenetic APG III system. In the Cronquist system, it was included in the order Haloragales.
Distribution.
The distribution of the family is nearly worldwide. The center of species diversity is in Australia where all genera are found excepting "Proserpinaca" and "Laurembergia". The terrestrial taxa are primarily limited to the southern hemisphere. "Glishcrocaryon", "Haloragodendron", "Meionectes" and "Trihaloragis" are Australian endemics.
Description.
The family consists mostly of herbaceous perennials or occasionally annuals, although there are some woody taxa ("Haloragodendron" spp.). Some are primarily terrestrial ("Glischrocaryon", "Gonocarpus", "Haloragis", "Haloragodendron" and "Trihaloragis") while others are primarily semiaquatic ("Laurembergia") or aquatic ("Meionectes", "Myriophyllum" and "Proserpinaca") of freshwater systems. "Myriophyllum" are usually monoecious while most other taxa have hermaphrodite flowers. The flowers are usually small and inconspicuous, but some genera can have more "showy" conspicuous flowers ("Haloragodendron", "Glischrocaryon"). Flowers are usually radial (2-3)-4 parted, petals are usually keeled or hooded when present. In "Myriophyllum" female flowers usually lack a perianth. They have (2-)4-8 stamens and an inferior ovary of (2-)4 carpels. In "Myriophyllum" the fruit is a schizocarp of 1-seeded 'nutlets' other genera can have nuts or drupes that can be winged or inflated.
Floral formula:
formula_1 or formula_2
Genera.
In the family there are nine genera now recognized, with about 145 species:
The taxa of the earlier family Cercodiaceae and Myriophyllaceae are now included in the family Haloragaceae. Earlier, the genus "Gunnera" was included in this family.

</doc>
<doc id="5952221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952221" title="AN/TPQ-37 Firefinder radar">
AN/TPQ-37 Firefinder radar

Hughes AN/TPQ-37 Firefinder Weapon Locating System[http://www.radartutorial.eu/19.kartei/pubs/cms01_050672.pdf] is a mobile radar system developed by Hughes Aircraft Company and currently manufactured by ThalesRaytheonSystems. The system is a long-range version of “weapon-locating radar,” designed to detect and track incoming artillery and rocket fire to determine the point of origin for counter-battery fire. It is currently in service at brigade and higher levels in the United States Army and by other countries. The radar is trailer-mounted and towed by a 2⅓-ton truck. A typical AN/TPQ-37 system consists of the Antenna-Transceiver Group, Command Shelter and 60 kW Generator.
Operation.
The AN/TPQ-37 is an electronically steered radar, meaning the radar does not actually move while in operation. The radar scans a 90-degree sector for incoming rocket, artillery and mortar fire. Upon detecting a possible incoming round, the system verifies the contact before initiating a track sequence, continuing to search for new targets. The incoming round/rocket is tracked during its initial upward/launch trajectory (i.e., the linear portion of its flight path) prior to reaching apogee. A computer program analyzes the track data and then extrapolates the round’s point of origin. This calculated point of origin is then reported to the operator with map coordinates, thus allowing friendly artillery to direct counterbattery fire towards the enemy artillery. The system has a reported range of up to 50 kilometers. The system may also be operated in a friendly fire mode to determine the accuracy of counterbattery return fire.
Main Characteristics.
Capabilities
Specifications
Features
Upgrades (1).
AN/TPQ-37V(9) Reliability Maintainability Improvement (RMI)
1. The AN/TPQ-37 Reliability, Maintainability, Improvement radar upgrade will provide significant improvements over the current AN/TPQ-37 fielded system by providing new, state-of-the-art electronics including an air-cooled modular transmitter and a new radar processor. 
2. The Reliability, Maintainability, Improvement radar upgrade will extend the system service life of the AN/TPQ-37 radar and significantly reduce customer life cycle costs, allowing the system to remain the mainstay of long range artillery well into the 21st Century.
3. With the AN/TPQ-37 RMI upgrades, users will receive the following benefits:
Transmitter Features
Processor Features
Manufacturer.
Before acquisition by Raytheon, the Hughes Aircraft Co. developed the AN/TPQ-37 Firefinder radar at its Fullerton, California facility, and manufactures it at its Forest, Mississippi plant.
Upgrades (2).
ROCS for AN/TPQ-36 and AN/TPQ-37
The 'radar operational control system upgrade' is manufactured by BES Electronic Systems Ltd in Israel
Nomenclature.
Per the Joint Electronics Type Designation System (JETDS), the nomenclature AN/TPQ-37 is thus derived:

</doc>
<doc id="5952223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952223" title="Cliff effect">
Cliff effect

In telecommunications, the (digital) cliff effect or brickwall effect describes the sudden loss of digital reception. Unlike analog signals, which gradually fade when signal strength decreases or electromagnetic interference or multipath increases, a digital signal provides data which is either perfect or non-existent at the receiving end. It is named for a graph (shown at right) of reception quality versus signal quality, where the digital signal "falls off a cliff" instead of having a gradual rolloff. This is an example of an EXIT chart.
The phenomenon is primarily seen in broadcasting, where signal strength is liable to vary, rather than in recorded media, which generally have a good signal. However, it may be seen in significantly damaged media, which is at the edge of readability.
The term is also used in economics for an unrelated phenomenon.
Broadcasting.
Digital television.
This effect can most easily be seen on digital television, including both satellite TV and over-the-air terrestrial TV. While forward error correction is applied to the broadcast, when a minimum threshold of signal quality (a maximum bit error rate) is reached it is no longer enough for the decoder to recover. The picture may break up (macroblocking), lock on a freeze frame, or go blank. Causes include rain fade or solar transit on satellites, and temperature inversions and other weather or atmospheric conditions causing anomalous propagation on the ground.
Three particular issues particularly manifest the cliff effect. Firstly, anomalous conditions will cause occasional signal degradation. Secondly, if one is located in a fringe area, where the antenna is just barely strong enough to receive the signal, then usual variation in signal quality will cause relatively frequent signal degradation, and a very small change in overall signal quality can have a dramatic impact on the frequency of signal degradation – one incident per hour (not significantly affecting watchability) versus problems every few seconds or continuous problems. Thirdly, in some cases, where the signal is beyond the cliff (in unwatchable territory), viewers who were once able to receive a degraded signal from analog stations will find after digital transition that there is no available signal in rural, fringe or mountainous regions.
The cliff effect is a particularly serious issue for mobile TV, as signal quality may vary significantly, particularly if the receiver is moving rapidly, as in a car.
Hierarchical modulation and coding can provide a compromise by supporting two or more streams with different robustness parameters and allowing receivers to scale back to a lower definition (usually from HDTV to SDTV, or possibly from SDTV to LDTV) before dropping out completely. Two-level hierarchical modulation is supported in principle by the European DVB-T digital terrestrial television standard. However, layered source coding, such as provided by Scalable Video Coding, is not supported.
Digital radio.
HD Radio broadcasting, officially used only in the United States, is one system designed to have an analog fallback. Receivers are designed to immediately switch to the analog signal upon losing a lock on digital, but only as long as the tuned station operates in hybrid digital mode (the official meaning of "HD"). In the future all-digital mode, there is no analog to fall back to at the edge of the digital cliff. This applies only to the main channel simulcast, and not to any subchannels, because they have nothing to fall back to. It is also important for the station's broadcast engineer to make sure that the audio signal is synchronized between analog and digital, or the cliff effect will still cause a jump slightly forward or backward in the radio program.
Mobile phones.
The cliff effect is also heard on mobile phones, where one or both sides of the conversation may break up, possibly resulting in a dropped call. Other forms of digital radio also suffer from this.
Other uses.
Economics.
In economics, the "cliff effect" refers to a positive feedback loop, where downgrading a single security can have a disproportionate cascading effect. This has become pronounced with respect to the assessment of credit risk in a bank's portfolio. If a credit rating agency has the expectation that the credit risk of a position rises, it will downgrade its rating. As a consequence, a bank faces additional capital charges in order to comply with national capital requirements. Especially during the subprime mortgage crisis banks had to increase their capital substantially, because many ratings were considerably downgraded. In a time banks needed their capital most to cope with high losses, this term emerged in the consultative process on reforms regarding existing capital requirements, namely criticizing the procyclical "cliff effect".

</doc>
<doc id="5952224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952224" title="Oberriexingen">
Oberriexingen

Oberriexingen is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Enz, 20 km northwest of Stuttgart, and 13 km west of Ludwigsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5952228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952228" title="Aaron Hardy">
Aaron Hardy

Aaron Hardy (born 26 May 1986 in South Elmsall, West Yorkshire) is an English professional football defender who plays for Farsley A.F.C..
Career.
Hardy started his career with Huddersfield Town and made his debut for them on 17 October 2006, in their 2–1 home defeat against Doncaster Rovers in Round One of the Football League Trophy. He got many plaudits for his play at right-back in an otherwise poor team performance. Then, on 21 October, he played his first league match in Town's 2-1 win at Port Vale.
In the televised encounter on 5 January 2007 at Yeovil Town, substitute Hardy scored an own goal in Yeovil's 3-1 win when he turned Lee Morris's cross passed Matt Glennon.
On 9 May, he was offered a six-month contract by new Huddersfield Town boss Andy Ritchie, which he accepted on 31 May. On 28 September, after a series of good performances at right-back as cover for the injured Frank Sinclair, his contract was extended to the end of the season.
Hardy was released by Huddersfield Town 6 May 2008. In July 2008, he signed for Harrogate Town where he made 12 appearances before following manager Neil Aspin to FC Halifax Town in July 2009.
In June 2012 he joined Bradford Park Avenue, although his spell at The Horsfall was short lived as in August, he joined Farsley A.F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="5952246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952246" title="Blackout Effect">
Blackout Effect

Blackout Effect (UK: 747) is a 1998 made-for-television disaster/thriller film. Eric Stoltz plays John Dantley, an NTSB officer sent to investigate a collision between an airliner and a cargo plane at O'Hare. Charles Martin Smith plays Henry Drake, an air traffic controller who insists his radar system malfunctioned when the planes were getting cleared for landing. When the rest of ATC dismiss Drake and blame the incident on human error, Dantley must discover the truth about the crash. "Blackout Effect" was originally broadcast on NBC on January 4, 1998. It is credited in the UK as 747, and is released as such on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="5952260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952260" title="Oberviechtach">
Oberviechtach

Oberviechtach () is a town in the district of Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 31 km southeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 27 km northeast of Schwandorf.
It is famous for being the birthplace of Johann Andreas Eisenbarth. The name comes from pine (Fichte) which is also represented on the coat of arms of the town.
Oberviechtach was chartered in 1337.

</doc>
<doc id="5952263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952263" title="Terence Koh">
Terence Koh

Terence Koh (born 1977 in Beijing, China) is a Canadian artist. Koh creates handmade books and zines, prints, photographs, sculptures, performances, and installations. Much of his diverse work involves queer, punk, and pornographic sensibilities. Koh has also worked under the alias "asianpunkboy", though it appears that name has been retired as of 2009. In 2008, he was listed in "Out" magazine's "Out 100 People of the Year".
Early life and education.
Koh was raised in Mississauga, Ontario, and lives in New York City. He is a Chinese-Canadian artist who received his Bachelor degree from the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design, Vancouver.
Career.
Terence Koh was shortlisted for the Sobey Art Award in 2008. He has exhibited widely in the United States and abroad. Koh's work has been the subject of several major solo exhibitions including "Love for Eternity", a mid-career retrospective at MUSAC (Leon, Spain); "Captain Buddha," Schirn Kunsthalle (Frankfurt, Germany); "Dirty Blind God", de Pury & Luxembourg, (Zurich, Switzerland); "Terence Koh" Whitney Museum of American Art, (New York).
In the tradition of Piero Manzoni, Koh has gold-plated and sold his own feces for a total of $500,000.00 to collectors. He is represented by Javier Peres of in Los Angeles and Berlin, and Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac in Salzburg and Paris.
In 2008 he created the "Terence Koh Show" on YouTube, in which visitors to his home are either interviewed by Koh, or interview Koh themselves. Each show is usually not more than a few minutes in length. Some episodes are more abstract, such as when he plays the video forward but edits the sound to play backwards. Notable guests have included Marina Abramović, Hans Ulrich Obrist, and most recently, Lady Gaga. In the clip with Lady Gaga titled "88 pearls", Koh counts a bowl of pearls with Lady Gaga, who is wearing a costume inspired by Koh's sculpture from his project Boy By The Sea. Koh's affiliation with the pop star began at the 2010 Grammys, where Lady Gaga performed on a piano designed by Koh specifically for the occasion.
Koh's work has been associated with New Gothic Art.
In "nothingtoodoo", his first solo show at the Mary Boone Gallery, Koh, "dressed in white pajamalike clothes, slowly circla beautiful cone-shaped pile of rocky solar salt — 8 feet high and 24 feet across — on his knees." So Roberta Smith described the work in an appreciative March, 2011, review. "This is performance art reduced to a bare and relentless rite in a space that has been stripped down to a kind of temple. (Its regal proportions help.) ... Maybe the work is an extended apology for past bad-boy behavior."

</doc>
<doc id="5952272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952272" title="Bren Hall">
Bren Hall

Bren Hall, opened in April 2002, is located on the campus of University of California, Santa Barbara, located in Santa Barbara, California. It is named in honor of philanthropist Donald Bren and hosts the university's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. It has been called the "greenest" laboratory facility in the United States and offers a picturesque view of the Santa Barbara Channel and the Channel Islands.
Construction.
Bren Hall's original location was a parking lot. In keeping with the green movement, all of the waste was recycled and used in the construction or elsewhere on campus. Bren Hall has served as a testament to sustainability and UC Santa Barbara has committed to construct new buildings to the Silver standards set forth by United States Green Building Council.
Platinum rating.
The United States Green Building Council gave Bren Hall its very first Platinum rating under LEED 1.0's New Construction category. To receive certification, a building must meet the standards set by the council, which gives Certified, Silver, Gold and Platinum ratings.
It was announced on 4 August 2009 that Bren Hall had become the first building in the nation to receive a second Platinum award, this time in the category Existing Buildings –– Operations & Maintenance.
Environmental impact.
Developers designed the building to conserve power by using energy-efficient lighting, natural lighting, efficient boilers, connection to the campus's chilled water loop, and a sophisticated building automation system. Many of the furnishings—including the carpet, insulation, counters, and furniture—were made from recycled materials. All water fixtures are highly efficient, including waterless urinals and low-flow, self-closing faucets. Reclaimed water is used in the toilets and for irrigation purposes. Offices on the side of the ocean are cooled by ventilation system of air from operable windows.

</doc>
<doc id="5952273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952273" title="Ghoul (Ultraverse)">
Ghoul (Ultraverse)

Ghoul is a character from Malibu Comics' "Ultraverse" continuity. He was created by Steve Gerber, R.R. Phipps, Dave Olbrich, Chris Ulm, and Tom Mason. Ghoul first appeared in "Exiles #1.
Fictional character biography.
Jonathan Martin was one of the unfortunates who contracted the "Theta Virus", which provided superhuman powers, but also killed its host. In Jonathan' case, both outcomes occurred; he became an undead being, neither truly alive nor dead.
Jonathan joined the Exiles, a group of Theta Virus victims with super-powers, but the entire group was killed by an explosion caused by Amber Hunt. Of the original Exiles, only Hunt, Deadeye, Deming and a comatose Catapult survived, while Ghoul, after powering up by assimilating the corpse and the energies of the mercenary Bloodbath, killed himself causing an explosion that destroyed Visionary Productions' base.
Ghoul rose from his grave with a slightly altered appearance and became a member of the Ultraforce. He sensed imminent death around Pixx, and tried to befriend her and convince her to leave the team, but she was repulsed by his appearance and avoided him. Teammate Topaz thought his suggestions were motivated by sexism, and blasted his arms off.
Ghoul was captured by Atalon, leader of the Fire People, so that he could use Ghoul's ability to speak to the dead to communicate with the Fire People's ancient ancestors. When Pixx chose to disarm Atalon's stolen arsenal of nuclear missiles, even though the area was already contaminated with deadly levels of radiation, Ghoul realized that this was the death he had foreseen. With his limbs once again removed, he could only watch helplessly as Pixx, her radiation suit damaged, leapt from warhead to warhead, her body quickly succumbing to radiation poisoning; she finished the last missile just before her last breath of life.
Ghoul was buried under tons of rock as Atalon collapsed his cavern, but Prime eventually dug him out. Ghoul also convinced Atalon that the island he'd created with his powers was a suitable land that met the approval of his ancestors.
Black September.
Ghoul was one of the few Ultras basically unaffected by the Black September event, but he was eventually fired from Ultraforce (along with everybody else) by Black Knight. He got a job as a cab driver, at which he was notoriously unsuccessful, until the former Mantra (Lukasz), gave him a magic ring which gave him the appearance (and smell) of a normal, living human being. Ghoul eventually joined the reformed Ultraforce, but the series was cancelled after only 15 issues.
Powers and abilities.
Ghoul is extremely hard to kill, since he is essentially already dead. Only the total disintegration of his body can permanently kill him. His limbs, if torn off, can be reattached or, in time, grow back. He does not feel pain and is immune to disease, poison, and radiation. 
Ghoul can communicate with the spirits of the deceased, even those who have been dead for tens of thousands of years. He can, in some cases, also sense a person's imminent death.
Personality.
Ghoul is constantly making wisecracks, jokes and sarcastic remarks. He does this to try to hide the emotional pain of his grotesque condition and the tragedies he's seen. He deliberately distances himself, while at the same time he is saddened by the fact that he seems to get along better with the dead than the living.
In other media.
Ghoul appeared in the Ultraforce animated cartoon; along with Prototype, they were the comedians of the group, albeit Ghoul appears to be kind of an "hen father" to Pixx and Prime, even without knowing the latter one real age, only by believing him brash and in need for counseling. Ghoul is one of the three "founding" Ultraforces, sent to recruit Prime, Hardcase and Prototype in their earlier mission, the other two left at the Ultrabase being Contrary and Pixx, acting essentially as the right-hand man and "front office" for Contrary herself, who prefers sending him around rather than recruit directly other Ultras.
In this version still knew about Pixx's final fate, and tries to convince her to leave before being killed in action. However, instead of being beaten by Topaz on the charge of sexism, he's merely talked against his intention by the Queen of Gwendor and Pixx, who convince him that, even if younger than everyone else, Pixx can bear the weight of her role as much as her older teammates, and actually welcomes her dangerous role as a way to repay Ghoul of his kindness. Despite this, he's deeply saddened when the young girl dies in front of his eyes, and scavenges the place of her death to find her corpse and give her a proper burial, in which he's reminded the value of her choice. 
Instead of convincing Atalon into residing into his newly created island, he calls upon the Fire People's ancestors, who denounce the villain for his crimes against humanity and the young Pixx, causing his own people to dethrone him and give the lead to his mellower, peace-loving liutenant, who thanks Ghoul and promises him to reign under the approval of her ancestors.
Ghoul was one of the action figures produced for Galoob's Ultraforce line

</doc>
<doc id="5952283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5952283" title="XS All Areas – The Greatest Hits">
XS All Areas – The Greatest Hits

XS All Areas – The Greatest Hits is an album by English Rock band Status Quo. It is a best-of compilation containing two discs.

</doc>
