<doc id="6001446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001446" title="Centennial High School (Franklin, Tennessee)">
Centennial High School (Franklin, Tennessee)

Centennial High School (CHS) is a public 9-12 high school in Franklin, Tennessee operated by the Williamson County Schools. The school mascot is the Cougar.
History.
1994-1996.
The Williamson County School Board voted in 1994 to build a new high school located on newly built Mallory Lane near the Cool Springs area of Franklin, TN. The new school was primarily built to relieve overcrowding at nearby Franklin, Brentwood, and Page High Schools. In August 1996, Centennial opened its doors, with Dan Covington serving as the school's first principal.
2001-2004.
As the County's population grew, Centennial began to suffer severe overcrowding concerns. By 2001, the school had just over 2000 students. As a result, Ravenwood High School was opened in 2002. Soon after, Independence High School was opened in 2004. As a result, Centennial's student population had been cut by nearly 30% by 2007.
In 2002, it was announced that former Freedom Middle Principal J. Terry Shrader would take over for Dan Covington as Principal of CHS.
2008.
In 2008, the school board voted to install a strict dress code for the 2008-2009 school year, the first public school in Williamson County to implement such a dress code.
2009.
In 2009 it was decided to make Centennial an "open zoned school," which means anyone in the county is eligible to attend.
2010.
In 2010 Centennial High school had an enrollment of 1350 students.
Centennial has a reputation of academic excellence. In 6 of the last 8 years one of the Centennial students has scored a perfect score on either the SAT or ACT test for college entrance. Centennial's 2004 class president was a 2008 graduate of Harvard and now works on Wall Street. He is just one example of the multitude of Centennial graduates who have taken the excellent education this school offers and applied it to a successful future.
In 2010, Dr. Frank Brown, former assistant principal of Heritage Middle School, assumed leadership and led the school through the controversial rezoning process of the fall semester. Although current enrollment is far below capacity of 1800, numbers are expected to expand considerably with the arrival of students rezoned from other areas in the district.
Academics.
Centennial is one of the only schools to have the Computer Aided Drafting Class. Taught by Tim Sawyer, courses in this focus area allow students the opportunity to design and build their own homes as well as to work with technology that gives students an edge in securing internships both before and after graduation.
Centennial also hosts the county's first and only Cosmetology program, which offers many of the services provided by professional salons. Students participating in the program study health and safety, elements of anatomy, marketing principles, and customer service, in addition to aesthetics. Under the supervision of instructor Missy Walker, students host a monthly "Spa Day," in which students, parents, and faculty members are invited to make appointments for free services including, but not limited to, manicures, paraffin wax hand treatments, pedicures, facials, and facial waxing.
Additional technology programs include nursing, through which students can participate in field work toward obtaining their CNA certification; photography and graphic design; culinary arts; television production; and business and marketing.
Academic programs feature a wide number of Advanced Placement courses, all of which are certified and officially sanctioned by the College Board, as well as a Freshman Academy dedicated to successful transition from middle school to high school and a faculty/student mentoring process for students at risk. Further transitional programs are in development.
Athletics.
Football.
After 4 straight unsuccessful seasons with a total of 7 wins, Coach Greg Gregory took over as head coach in 2000 and after showing marked improvement in his first two years he led the Cougars to three straight winning seasons and two straight playoff appearances. During this time was the school's first ever playoff win over number 1 rated and heavily favored Antioch, led by all-region performers Philip Bates future Baltimore Ravens RB Curtis Steele. The next season Steele (RB) and Wolff (OL) would become the first two Centennial High School Players to Play in the Annual Tennessee vs. Kentucky All Star Game. During that span, a number of players went on to play at the college level. Those players include: Travis Dumke (4 year starter at center for APSU, Brandon Meggs ASPU, Daniel Lambert ASPU, Jamie Wolff RCTC,MN. TS Sports JUCO All American Game 2009,MTSU, Jake Burns Maryville College, Grant Horton Lambuth, Al Veach Cumberland, as well as at Bates Western Kentucky and Steele, Univeity of Memphis after playing two years at North West C.C. for two years. After Coach Gregory left the program as the winningest coach in school history, Coach Mark Matykiewicz took over Cougar Football coming from Fairview High School in Williamson County, TN. In his first year, he led them to 4-6. In 2008, his second year, Matykiewicz led the Cougars to an 8-4 record and into the second round of the playoffs. The team was loaded with speed with players such as Chaz Scales, Raymond Jackson, and Tony Kemp. The team received a boost when basketball bigman, Drew Kelly, decided to play his senior year. Kelly brought size and leadership to the team. Chaz Scales had a special season throwing for 1200 yards and 12 TD's and running for over 1000 yards and 13 TD's. This was the best season in school history. Some past greats include Phillip Bates, Allante McLemore (had 8 INT's his senior year), Chaz Scales(Finalist for Mr. Tennessee Football 2008), Jamie Wolff and Curtis Steele the most coveted D-1 prospects in the programs history. The Cougars finished with a 1-9 record in his third year.
Hockey.
In 2009 the Cougars won the GNASH Cup for the first time in some years. They were led by Sophomore sensation Peter Horecka who averaged over 2 points a game. Other standouts were Junior Blake Williams and Senior Joey Knight who scored double digit goals and helped the team when Horecka was playing travel games. On defense they were led by Jesse Kessler who can also score and Big Men Ty Marcantonio and Nykkolo Mariani and hard hitter Tucker Marist. Goalie Jes "Stone Wall" Stanford played great at many points in the season. On another note the best player on the team is THE Ted Robbins.
In 2010, the Cougars returned to the GNASH Championship against their archrival Ravenwood. After beating Ravenwood two weeks earlier, 5-4 (OT), the Cougars lost 4-3. However, they bounced back in the state tournament, tying Ravenwood in the first round and meeting them again in the Preds Cup Championship. There the team fell once again, 2-1, in a shootout finale where goalie RJ Vogt put up a strong fight against the Ravenwood offense, the finale will be remembered as one of the greatest Preds Cup Finals of all time.
Basketball.
The Cougars basketball team is one of the more storied sports at Centennial. They have had several 20 win seasons. In 2007-08 they won 28 games and made it to regionals. One of the best players to play at Centennial was bigman Drew Kelly. He averaged 24 points as a sophomore, 28 as a junior and 30 as a senior. He was a dominating force underneath. During the beginging of his senior season Kelly committed to Miami (Ohio) where he is expected to contribute right away. Another great player was Allante McLemore who graduated in 2008. McLemore was a fierce leader and consistent scorer.
Baseball.
During a 2009 Spring Break Tournament in Florida Coach Rob Baughman earned his 100th career win for the school.
During the 2003-2004 season the team won the district championship beating Brentwood High School on their own field.
During the 2012-2013 District 11 Tournament, the team won two come-from-behind 8 inning games on Thursday, 5/09/13 to advance to championship against Ravenwood. Centennial beat Ravenwood 5-0 on Saturday, 5/11/13 to become District 11 Champions.
Tennis.
Centennial is home to 3 time State Champion (2006, 2007 and 2008) Ian Chadwell who now attends the University of Alabama on a tennis scholarship. Ian's sister, Kaylene Chadwell, class of 2011, is a 2 time State Championship (2010 and 2011) in singles, also competed in the quarterfinals at State as a freshman and had to withdraw in regionals as a sophomore due to a neck strain. Kaylene won the USTA National Open Girls 16 championship in July 2009. Kaylene will attend University of TN-Chattanooga on a tennis scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="6001449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001449" title="Le Chevalier D'Eon">
Le Chevalier D'Eon

"Le Chevalier D'Eon" was originally licensed to the North American market by ADV Films, (for $440,000) but it became one of over thirty titles transferred from ADV to Funimation Entertainment in 2008.
Plot.
The story begins in Paris 1742, when the body of a woman named Lia de Beaumont is found in a casket floating along the Seine. The only clue regarding her death is the word "Psalms", which is written in blood on the lid of the casket. D'Eon de Beaumont, Lia's younger brother and a knight in service of King Louis XV, takes it upon himself to investigate his sister's mysterious death, along with the strange disappearances of a number of French women. In his journey he comes across three companions to help him.
Themes.
The series' themes center around 18th century France, which Ubukata believes to have resulted in a new set of cultural traditions as well as several tragedies. According to him, "the problems stemmed from the fact that no one knew exactly "which" ideas would lead to greater happiness. In a word, they were forced to live under the burden of contradiction." This is what made Chevalier D'Eon "fitting figure to cast as protagonist" because he embodied all of the contradictions of that time period, which Ubukata lists as "Wealth and poverty, faith and heresy, diplomacy and conspiracy, king and commoner, even the devastation of war and the flowering of culture." Ubukata also used this theme in conceptualizing the use of psalms as "dark magic". He said that he "hoped that the irony of using the abstract idea of 'prayers to God' to describe evil would be seen as equally tragic by people of many different faiths and religions."
Production.
Writing.
Scriptwriter Shotaro Suga was contacted by Tetsuya Nakatake at the beginning of the project, and agreed to work with them when he was informed that Tow Ubukata and Kazuhiro Furuhashi were taking part in the production. He was unable to work on the project immediately, as he was also working on "Eureka Seven" at the time. Suga admitted to being nervous about working with Furuhashi, whom he described as an "experienced director" because the other series he worked on (such as "", "Blood+", "Eureka Seven", and "Casshern") were by first-time directors. He described the script readings for "Le Chevalier D'Eon" as "ever more intense" than his previous projects, and that they all "kept on debating to scrutinize each and every detail." Chief writer Yasuyuki Muto noted that their script meetings lasted as long as twelve hours.
Muto was in charge of the script for eleven out of the twenty-four episodes. Ubukata and Furuhashi provided the ideas for the episodes, which the writing staff then adapted into the scripts. "Director Furuhashi as well as Ubukata-san, who is a novelist, both put a lot of weight on the dialogues", Muto said. Suga commented that "ompared to other works, the script for Le Chevalier D'Eon is enormous", noting that one episode had a one hundred-page script. Muto noted that their main focus while writing was the "...'emotion' of each character". Muto was present during the productions' post-recording sessions, primarily because he believed that it would be easier for the staff to have a writer on-hand in case problems arose during recordings.
According to Furuhashi, the script for the series took about roughly ten months to complete, and that thanks to their collaboration with a novelist (Ubukata), the script contained 30 to 40 percent more information than a regular television script.
Design and animation.
Art director Hiroshi Ono stated that he initially could not make up his mind whether to work on this project or not, saying "The information they gave me was enough to see that this was not going to be a straightforward job. The story takes place in Versailles and stretches from France to Russia and England. This means that you can't reuse the same background elements throughout the series, and instead you have to create new ones for each episode. Traveling stories are always the most difficult projects of all." Ono was responsible for the background designs used in the series, and he used photographs and classical paintings as references. 3D CGI was used in the creation of certain backgrounds and settings for the series, such as the Hall of Mirrors.
toi8 of Studio 4°C took on the role of designing the weapons and props for the series. He utilized different reference materials for his designs, saying that he "relied on images in books and on the web" as well as films such as "Fanfan la Tulipe" and "The Affair of the Necklace". toi8 was initially asked to work on the series' character designs, but the job was passed on to Tomomi Ozaki due to time constraints.
Ozaki noted that Furuhashi requested that the characters "should not look like manga characters or too real; and not too anime-like," and that he wanted the designs to be faithful to historical details. She said that she sometimes referred to historical portraits from the series' time period as reference for her designs, and also cited specific sources for her designs. "For Anna's hair, I imaged Brigitte Bardot's hairstyles. For Count Guercy, I chose Jack Black in "School of Rock". Durand comes from Brad Pitt, and Anthony Hopkins in "Mask of Zorro" was my model for Teillagory", she said.
The color schemes for the characters were decided upon by color designer Idumi Hirose. Due to the constant changes in time and location throughout the series, Hirose said that they sometimes had to use 20 to 30 different color schemes for each character in a single episode. Furuhashi requested that the "color trace" method, a coloring method wherein the solid black outlines are replaced by colored outlines, be used on the clothing of aristocratic female characters.
Music.
Composer Michiru Oshima stated that this is "the first time in years" that she was given the chance to compose pieces that were "very classical". She stated that while she was composing the music for the series, she was "consciously trying to add depth that's typical of European classical music", and that she believed that orchestral pieces suited the series well because the characters "are all serious and weighty."
The song "BORN", composed and performed by Miwako Okuda, is used as the series' opening theme for all twenty-four episodes. The series' ending theme ("OVER NIGHT" by Aya), which is also used for all twenty-four episodes, was specially composed for the project. Aya stated that she drew inspiration from the first illustration she was shown, which was of "D'Eon, splattered with the blood of his victim, in the burning city of Paris holding Lia's hands."
Media.
"Le Chevalier D'Eon" was initially developed as a cross-media project that would be simultaneously released in novel, manga, and anime format. The three different mediums each presented a different interpretation of the Ubukata's story and protagonist, but he said that "each version complements the others."
Releases.
"Le Chevalier D'Eon" aired in Japan on WOWOW from August 19, 2006 to February 2, 2007. Animax also aired the series in Japan as well as its respective networks worldwide, including its English language networks in Southeast Asia and India. The first episode of the series was also screened at the Ottawa International Animation Festival in September 2006.
As of October 2007, Media Factory released the series in DVD format in Japan with twelve volumes that contained two episodes each. The series was originally licensed in North America by ADV Films, but the rights to the series were transferred over to Funimation in 2008, along with the rights to several other anime series. ADV Films released the series in six DVD volumes with four episodes as of December 2007. In December 2008, Funimation released a complete box set of the series DVDs, which contains all the episodes in four discs. The first two discs contain commentaries along with some of the series' episodes, and an additional disc with extra content such as promotional videos and interviews with the original Japanese cast is also included. On December 1, 2009, Funimation released a DVD set containing all 24 episodes in the North America.
Manga.
The manga, illustrated by Kiriko Yumeji and written by Tow Ubukata, features a story that is almost entirely different from the anime series. It is described by Ubukata as "a humorous attempt at combining d'Eon de Beaumont, eighteenth century France, and a superhero story." The story focuses on d'Eon de Beaumont, a police officer who is also a member of King Louis XV's Secret Police ("Le Secret du Roi"), and his dealings with a cult that sacrifices virgins for their rituals.
The manga was serialized in Kodansha's "Magazine Z" and has been released in eight tankōbon volumes, with the first volume having been published in October 2005 and the latest volume in September 2008. Del Rey published the first volume of the manga in the United States on June 26, 2007, and has released all eight volumes as of July 27, 2010.
Soundtrack.
The series' soundtrack was released by BMG Japan (now known as Sony BMG) on November 22, 2006. The soundtrack features twenty-eight tracks of background music used in the series as well as the short versions of the opening and ending themes.
Critical reception.
Critics praised "Le Chevalier D'Eon" for its art design and animation. Tasha Robinson of "Sci Fi Weekly" praised the details in the designs, but stated that "the characters all have a flat-faced samey look; their costumes get far more attention than their faces, and the results are pretty but bland." Theron Martin of Anime News Network said "Background art varies a little more, from slightly rough to stunningly gorgeous, with some CG-crafted shots of Versailles rivaling even the exquisite detail of Gonzo's best work. Though the series does use some still scenes, neither they nor any other short cuts can be found in the well-choreographed sword fights, where the attention to detail (especially in rare anime shots of critical footwork) and shifting perspectives more than makes up for slight failings elsewhere." Chris Beveridge of Mania.com said that the "detail and apparent accuracy in many scenes is just great to look at". Similarly, Brett D. Rogers of "Frames Per Second" magazine praised the design and animation, saying that they are "beautifully rendered in rococo and gothic style to create the look and feel of 18th-century France", though also stating that the "CGI is used to good result in reproducing the vast, opulent spaces of Versailles, but the transitions between these effects and the main body of animation are a bit coarse." The series' storyline earned mixed reactions from critics. Robinson complained that most of the series' storyline "falls flat", saying that it was "delivered too rapidly and with little affect". She also compared "Le Chevalier D'Eon" to GONZO's "Gankutsuou", describing both series as "heavily talky yet fast-moving enough to be confusing." Martin praised the series' pacing, saying that it is "one of the true keys to the quality of this series".

</doc>
<doc id="6001461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001461" title="Causes of transsexualism">
Causes of transsexualism

The etiology of transsexualism, meaning the cause or causes of transsexualism, is an area of interest for many transgender and transsexual people, physicians, psychologists, other mental health professionals, and family members and friends of transsexual people. Transsexualism usually presents with an expression of gender identity different from the gender assigned at birth, behaviors typical of that gender, and discomfort called gender dysphoria. Currently, there are numerous explanations of the cause of transsexualism, linking the cause to genetics, brain structure, brain function and prenatal androgen exposure; in addition, other theories have proposed linking the cause to psychological and behavioral reasons. These theories are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
Psychological and behavioral theories.
Rearing / Trauma.
For many years, many people, including psychiatrist and sexologist David Oliver Cauldwell, argued that transsexualism is a psychological/emotional disorder caused by psychological and environmental factors, due to personality conflicts.
Harry Benjamin wrote, "Our genetic and endocrine equipment constitutes either an unresponsive fertile soil on which the wrong conditioning and a psychological trauma can grow and develop into such a basic conflict that subsequently a deviation like transsexualism can result."
The unsuccessful outcome of an attempt to raise David Reimer, the victim of an early accidental genital mutilation, as a girl from infancy through adolescence is cited as disproof of the theory that one's inborn sense of gender is developed through parenting. His case is used by organizations such as The Intersex Society of North America as a cautionary tale about why one should not needlessly modify the genitals of unconsenting minors.
Sexuality.
The theories of Ray Blanchard represent a taxonomy of male-to-female transsexualism and an explanation of its causes, built upon the work of his colleague, Kurt Freund. The theories state that male-to-female transsexuals can be broken up into two groups: "homosexual transsexuals", who transition because they are attracted to men, and "non-homosexual transsexuals", who transition because they are autogynephilic (sexually aroused by the thought or image of themselves as a woman). Prominent supporters of the theory include J. Michael Bailey, Anne Lawrence, James Cantor, and others who argue that there are significant differences between the two groups, including sexuality, age of transition, ethnicity, IQ, fetishism, and quality of adjustment. Scientific criticism of the theory includes papers from Veale, Nuttbrock, Moser, and others who argue that the theory is poorly representative of MTF transsexuals, non-instructive, the experiments poorly controlled, or contradicted by other data. Many sources, including some supporters of the theory, criticize Blanchard's choice of wording as confusing or degrading. Though it has supporters, the transsexual community has for the most part vehemently rejected the theory.
Biological-based theories.
Genetics.
The androgen receptor (AR), also known as NR3C4, is activated by the binding of testosterone or dihydrotestosterone, where it plays a critical role in the forming of primary and secondary male sex characteristics. Hare "et al." found that male-to-female transsexuals were found to have longer repetitions of the gene, which reduced its effectiveness at binding testosterone.
A variant genotype for a gene called CYP17, which acts on the sex hormones pregnenolone and progesterone, has been found to be linked to female-to-male transsexualism but not MTF transsexualism. Most notably, the FTM subjects not only had the variant genotype more frequently, but had an allele distribution equivalent to male controls, unlike the female controls. The paper concluded that the loss of a female-specific CYP17 T -34C allele distribution pattern is associated with FtM transsexualism.
Brain structure.
In a first-of-its-kind study, Zhou "et al." (1995) found that in a region of the brain called the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BSTc), a region known for sex and anxiety responses, MTF transsexuals have a female-normal size while FTM transsexuals have a male-normal size. While the transsexuals studied had taken hormones, this was accounted for by including non-transsexual male and female controls who, for a variety of medical reasons, had experienced hormone reversal. The controls still retained sizes typical for their gender. No relationship to sexual orientation was found.
In a follow-up study, Kruijver "et al." (2000) looked at the number of neurons in BSTc instead of volumes. They found the same results as Zhou "et al." (1995), but with even more dramatic differences. One MTF subject who had never gone on hormones was also included, and who matched up with the female neuron counts nonetheless.
In 2002, a follow-up study by Chung "et al." found that significant sexual dimorphism (variation between sexes) in BSTc did not become established until adulthood. Chung "et al." theorized that either changes in fetal hormone levels produce changes in BSTc synaptic density, neuronal activity, or neurochemical content which later lead to size and neuron count changes in BSTc, or that the size of BSTc is affected by the failure to generate a gender identity consistent with one's anatomic sex.
In a review of the evidence in 2006, Gooren confirms the earlier research as supporting the concept that transsexualism is a sexual differentiation disorder of the sex dimorphic brain. Dick Swaab (2004) concurs.
In 2008, a new region with properties similar to that of BSTc in regards to transsexualism was found by Garcia-Falgueras and Swaab: the interstitial nucleus of the anterior hypothalamus (INAH3), part of the hypothalamic uncinate nucleus. The same method of controlling for hormone usage was used as in Zhou "et al." (1995) and Kruijver "et al." (2000). The differences were even more pronounced than with BSTc; control males averaged 1.9 times the volume and 2.3 times the neurons as control females, yet once again, regardless of hormone exposure, MTF transsexuals lay within the female range and the FTM transsexual within the male range.
While the resolution of MRI tomographs in general can be fine enough, independent nuclei are not visible due to lack of contrast between different neurological tissue types. Therefore such images do not show detailed structures such as BSTc and INAH3, and studies on BSTC were done by bisecting brains postmortem.
However, MRI does much more easily allow the study of larger brain structures. In Luders "et al." (2009), 24 MTF transsexuals not-yet treated with cross-sex hormones were studied via MRI. While regional gray matter concentrations were more similar to men than women, there was a significantly larger volume of gray matter in the right putamen compared to men. As with many earlier studies, they concluded that transsexualism is associated with a distinct cerebral pattern.
An additional feature was studied in a group of FTM transsexuals who had not yet received cross-sex hormones: fractional anisotropy values for white matter in the medial and posterior parts of the right superior longitudinal fasciculus (SLF), the forceps minor, and the corticospinal tract. Rametti "et al." (2010) discovered that, "Compared to control females, FtM showed higher FA values in posterior part of the right SLF, the forceps minor and corticospinal tract. Compared to control males, FtM showed only lower FA values in the corticospinal tract."
Hulshoff Pol "et al." (2006), studied the gross brain volume of subjects undergoing hormone treatment. They discovered that whole brain volume for subjects changes toward the size of the opposite reproductive sex during hormone treatment. The conclusion of the study was, "The findings suggest that, throughout life, gonadal hormones remain essential for maintaining aspects of sex-specific differences in the human brain."
Brain function.
Phantom limb syndrome is a common, often painful experience after the loss of an external organ. Ramachandran (2008) found that while nearly two thirds of non-transsexual males who have a penis surgically removed experience the sensation of a phantom penis, only one third of MTF transsexuals do so after sex reassignment surgery. This study, however, overlooks the differences between an amputation, where the nerves connecting the penis and the brain are severed, and male-to-female gender reassignment surgery, where some of the penis and scrotum may be reused to create a vaginal canal, labia and a clitoris. In this case, some of the nerves connecting the new genitalia to the brain remain largely intact. Perhaps more remarkably, two-thirds of FTM transsexuals reported the sensation of a phantom penis from childhood onwards, replete with phantom erections and other phenomena.
Berglund "et al." (2008) tested the response of gynephilic MTF transsexuals to two sex pheromones: the progestin-like 4,16-androstadien-3-one (AND) and the estrogen-like 1,3,5(10),16-tetraen-3-ol (EST). Despite the difference in sexuality, the MTFs' hypothalamic networks activated in response to AND, like the androphilic female control groups. Both groups experienced amygdala activation in response to EST. Male control groups (gynephilic) experienced hypothalamic activation in response to EST. However, the MTF subjects also experienced limited hypothalamic activation to EST as well. The researchers' conclusion was, that in terms of pheromone activation, MTF's occupy an intermediate position with predominantly female features. The MTF transsexual subjects had not undergone any hormonal treatment at the time of the study, according to their own declaration beforehand, and confirmed by repeated tests of hormonal levels.
Prenatal androgen exposure.
Prenatal androgen exposure, the lack thereof, or poor sensitivity to prenatal androgens are commonly cited mechanisms to explain the above discoveries. Schneider, Pickel, and Stalla (2006) found a correlation between digit ratio (a generally accepted marker for prenatal androgen exposure) and male to female transsexualism. MTF transsexuals were found to have a higher digit ratio than control males, but one that was comparable to control females.

</doc>
<doc id="6001469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001469" title="Oswaldo Ibarra">
Oswaldo Ibarra

Oswaldo Johvani Ibarra Carabali (born 8 September 1969 in Ambuqui) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Imbabura.
Club career.
Ibarra has spent the majority of his club career playing for El Nacional in Quito.
International career.
He also played for the Ecuador national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6001475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001475" title="Gold(I) chloride">
Gold(I) chloride

Gold(I) chloride is a compound of gold and chlorine with the chemical formula AuCl.
Preparation.
Gold(I) chloride is prepared by thermal decomposition of gold(III) chloride.
Reactions.
Although there is a region of stability at higher temperatures at the appropriate chlorine vapor pressures, the compound is metastable at ambient conditions. When heated with water, the compound disporpotionates to metallic gold and gold(III) chloride in an autoredox reaction:
Reaction with potassium bromide yields potassium auric bromide and potassium chloride with separation of metallic gold:
Safety.
Gold(I) chloride may irritate the skin and eyes, damage kidney function, and reduce white blood cell counts.

</doc>
<doc id="6001495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001495" title="MSW/LFG">
MSW/LFG

MSW/LFG stands for municipal solid waste and landfill gas. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has several standards required for MSW landfills to help ensure public and environmental safety.

</doc>
<doc id="6001498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001498" title="Victory for the Comic Muse">
Victory for the Comic Muse

Victory for the Comic Muse is the ninth studio album by The Divine Comedy. It was released by EMI on 19 June 2006. Despite what people might assume, Neil Hannon did not choose the title as a reference to the group's 1990 debut "Fanfare for the Comic Muse". It's actually a quote from the book "A Room with a View" ("I have won a great victory for the comic muse").
On 28 February 2007, "Victory for the Comic Muse" won the Choice Music Prize at a ceremony that took place in Dublin's Vicar St. venue. The Choice Music Prize is Ireland's equivalent to the Mercury Music Prize. The judging panel was made up of 12 representatives from the Irish music industry. The prize consisted of a trophy as well as a cheque for €10,000. The Divine Comedy's victory was unexpected as the album had received some lukewarm reviews and there was strong competition from the likes of The Immediate, Duke Special and Snow Patrol.
A special edition version of the album, officially available only on the first day of release, came with second DVD and an additional cardboard sleeve.
Making of the album.
The album is unique in the Divine Comedy catalogue - and in the catalogue of most recent popular music - in that Hannon's original aim with the album was to record it entirely in two weeks, with the minimum of overdubbing. As such, almost all of the music on the album - much to the chagrin of the classical players involved on almost every track, and the Divine Comedy band itself - was recorded in live takes. At first, they attempted to use no click tracks or headphones, but eventually they did. The band would record their part, the orchestra would overdub theirs, and then Hannon would record his vocals. No further overdubbing took place unless absolutely necessary, in a fairly hurried style of recording, and in stark contrast to the modern recording technique of stacking up tracks.
During the recording, Hannon's vocals had to be recorded even more hurriedly than planned because for most of the two weeks he was suffering from a cold that got progressively worse before finally clearing up.
Track listing.
All songs written by Neil Hannon except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="6001499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001499" title="Mud Lake (Alaska)">
Mud Lake (Alaska)

There are several lakes named Mud Lake within the U.S. state of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="6001507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001507" title="Themar">
Themar

Themar is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 11 km northwest of Hildburghausen, and 14 km southwest of Suhl.

</doc>
<doc id="6001521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001521" title="Hans Crocker">
Hans Crocker

Hans Crocker (June 11, 1815 – March 16, 1889) was an American lawyer and Wisconsin politician. 
He began his career as a member of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, but later became a member of the Republican Party of Wisconsin.
Crocker was born in Dublin, Ireland in 1815, and emigrated to the United States with his family. He was raised in Utica, New York. After high school, he moved to Chicago, Illinois, where he studied law privately. 
Crocker is closely associated with Byron Kilbourn and his projects to develop Milwaukee and Wisconsin over the years. Crocker first moved to Milwaukee in 1836 and became the first editor of the Milwaukee's first newspaper, the "Milwaukee Advertiser". 
The Advertiser served as Kilbourn's trumpet to promote settlement in Kilbourntown, the area on the west side of the Milwaukee River where he owned large tracts of land, over settlement in the neighboring Juneautown. In fact, Crocker bought tracts of land in the Kilbourntown area himself. He stayed on as editor for a few months before entering into a private law practice in the area. He would continue to practice law privately until 1844. 
Crocker was actively involved in the political and legal fields in Wisconsin. Crocker served as private secretary to Henry Dodge, the first governor of the Wisconsin Territory, in 1836. In 1838 he was Judge Advocate General of the Wisconsin Territorial Guard. 
From 1842 to 1844, he served two terms in the upper house of the territorial assembly. In 1853, he served one term as mayor of Milwaukee. He was a Wisconsin delegate to the 1860 Republican National Convention which selected Abraham Lincoln as its candidate for the presidency.
Crocker also was involved in the development of public improvements in the area, especially those devised by Kilbourn. Crocker was canal commissioner in 1839, president of the Milwaukee Board of Trade in 1850, director of the Milwaukee and Watertown Plank Road and president of the Lake Hydraulic Company in 1852, director of Kilbourn's Milwaukee and Mississippi Railroad and president of the Milwaukee Gas and Light Company in 1853, commissioner reporting on the Fox River Valley Railroad in 1856, receiver for the Portage and La Crosse Division of the Milwaukee and Mississippi Railroad in 1857, and vice-president of the Milwaukee and Prairie du Chien Railroad in 1858.
In 1856, a private ship named the "Hans Crocker" was commissioned in Milwaukee. It eventually would be stranded near Kenosha in 1876.
Crocker married Augusta Potter on March 21, 1844. He died at age 73, and is buried in Milwaukee's Forest Home Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6001534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001534" title="Hippocras">
Hippocras

Hippocras (), sometimes spelled hipocras or hypocras, is a drink made from wine mixed with sugar and spices, usually including cinnamon, and possibly heated. After steeping the spices in the sweetened wine for a day, the spices are strained out through a conical cloth filter bag called a "manicum hippocraticum" or Hippocratic sleeve (originally devised by the 5th century BC Greek physician Hippocrates to filter water). This is the origin of the name hippocras. 
History.
Spiced wine was popular in the Roman Empire, as seen in the writings of Pliny the Elder and Apicius. In the 12th century, a spiced wine named "pimen" or "piment" was mentioned by Chrétien de Troyes. During the 13th century, the city of Montpellier had a reputation for trading spiced wines with England. The first recipes for spiced wine appeared at the end of the 13th century (recipes for claret and piment found in the Tractatus de Modo) or at the beginning of the 14th century (recipe for piment in the Regiment de Sanitat of Arnaldus de Villa Nova). Since 1390, the recipes for piment have been called "ipocras" or "ypocras" (Forme of Cury in England, Ménagier de Paris or Viandier de Taillevent in France), probably with reference and tribute to Hippocrates.
Apparently, the recipe for hippocras was brought back to Europe from the Orient, following the crusades. The drink became extremely popular and was regarded as having various medicinal or even aphrodisiac properties.
Since the 16th century, the word has been generally spelled "hippocras" or "hipocras" in English and "hypocras" in French. Original recipes for hippocras were made until the 19th century, when it fell out of favor. This wine is made with sugar and spices. Sugar then was considered to be medicine and the spices varied according to the recipes. The main spices are : cinnamon, ginger, clove, grains of paradise and long pepper. An English text specifies that sugar was uniquely for the lords and honey was for the people. Since the 17th century, spiced wines, in France, have been generally prepared with fruits (apples, oranges, almonds) and musk or ambergris. In England, in 1723, there was a recipe for red hippocras containing milk and brandy. The drink was well liked during medieval and Elizabethan times. Moreover, doctors prescribed it to aid digestion. It was served at most banquets all over Europe.
The drink was highly prized during the high and late Middle Ages. In France, it has been noted as the favorite drink of notorious baron Gilles de Rais, who reportedly drank several bottles every day and had his victims drink it prior to assault. Later, King Louis XIV of France was also known to enjoy it. In those times, the drink was a highly valued gift item, in the same vein as jam and fruit preserves. Hippocras fell out of fashion and was forgotten during the 18th century.
In France, "ypocras" is still produced in the Ariège and Haute Loire areas, though in very small quantities. It may be used either for drinking, when it is served chilled before meals, or it as an ingredient in sauces. It is also served in numerous medieval feasts all over Europe.
Since 1996 the population of Basel celebrate on New Year's morning the so-called "Aadringgede" (a drinking cheer). The "Dreizack"-fountain in the "Freiestrasse" will be filled with hippocras, or spelled in the Swiss German of Basel, hypokras. In Basel it is a tradition in winter to drink hypokras and eat the famous Basler läggerli with it.
The drink eventually inspired the Spaniards in their creation of sangria. While sweeter than hippocras, sangria was originally made with spices, including cinnamon, ginger, and pepper.

</doc>
<doc id="6001542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001542" title="Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong">
Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong

Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong () was the second highest position during the British colonial rule in Hong Kong from 1843 to 1902.
History.
Although Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong was the second highest position in Hong Kong, the Lieutenant Governor did not have any actual power in the Government - thar power usually was gained by the Colonial Secretary. 
The first Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong was George D'Aguilar and the post was subsequently held by the Commander British Forces in Hong Kong.
Demise of the post.
By the 1870s onwards to 1902 the role lapsed from formal use and the second in command was transferred to the Colonial Secretary of Hong Kong (Chief Secretary from 1976 to 1997). The following individuals may (or may not) have retained the title for special occasions

</doc>
<doc id="6001547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001547" title="2002 FIFA World Cup Group B">
2002 FIFA World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2002 FIFA World Cup took place between 2 June and 12 June 2002. Spain won the group, and advanced to the second round, along with Paraguay. South Africa tied with Paraguay, but the second place was defined over goals scored. Slovenia also failed to advance.
Overall competition.
"All times local (UTC+9)"
Spain vs Slovenia.
NOTE:This Match is A rematch of UEFA Euro 2000 Group Stage

</doc>
<doc id="6001563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001563" title="Thum">
Thum

Thum is a small town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Thum has a population of about 5800.
Geography.
Thum is situated in the Erzgebirge, 10 km northwest of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 19 km south of Chemnitz. The Jahnsbach, a tributary to the Zschopau River runs through the town. To the north is Gelenau, east is Drebach, south of Thum is the town of Ehrenfriedersdorf. The Greifensteine area lies to the south west, and Hormersdorf and Auerbach are to the west.
History.
Thum was first mentioned 1389 in historic records of the archdiocese of Prague. From the 14th century, mining in the once densely forested Erzgebirge steadily increased, and a history book of 1445 describes Thum as a small mining town. Several placer deposits, two stamp mills and 27 mines were in the area of Thum. Considerable amounts of Axinite were found, which initially was given the name "Thumit". In 1469 the citizens of Thum acquired township.
The last battle of the Thirty Years' War in Saxony was fought on January 15, 1648 near Thum. The destruction caused by the war resulted in mining no longer being sustainable. With the run-down of ore-mining in the area, Thum (like many other towns and villages in the Erzgebirge) turned to wooden toy manufacture - such as Schwibbogen and Christmas pyramids - as well as "klöppeln" as a matter of economic survival. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the textile industry was the main source of income for Thum.
In 1886, a narrow gauge railway connected Thum to Wilischthal. This Thumer Netz was part of the narrow gauge railways in Saxony and was expanded throughout the early 20th century.
The "Rittergut" (manor) of "Dorfthum" was incorporated into Thum in 1879. With the zoning reforms in the 1990s, the neighbouring "Reihendorf" villages of "Jahnsbach" and "Herold" were incorporated into Thum.
Historical Brewery ("Dampfbrauerei").
The original brewery, founded in the 14th century, was the property of the church until 1546 when it was acquired by the town, and a brewing cooperative was formed. This cooperative dissolved in 1882, and brewer William Böttger bought the buildings and inventory. He built new brewery buildings in 1898 and increased production to 15,000 hecto litres. After the death of Böttger, in 1926 his widow sold the brewery back to the town of Thum, which was unable to find a buyer. This ended the long brewing tradition in Thum. In 2000, the brand was revived under the name of "Thumer Lager". It is now being brewed using the original recipe by a brewery in Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="6001569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001569" title="Gustav Hertzberg">
Gustav Hertzberg

Gustav Friedrich Hertzberg (19 January 1826, Halle – 16 November 1907, Halle), was a German historian and publicist.
Life.
Gustav Friedrich Hertzberg was the eldest son Gustav Ludwig Hertzberg and his wife, the former Friederike Bucholz. He studied theology at the University of Halle-Wittenberg. In the fall of 1844 he earned a degree in classics and related topics from the University of Leipzig. In 1851 he earned his Habiliation from the University of Halle-Wittenberg in ancient history. Among his professor there had been Gottfried Bern Hardy and Heinrich Leo. In 1854 he joined a Masonic Lodge. He was a member of the National Liberal Party. By the late 1850s he was working in Berlin. 
On his death Hertzberg was survived by his second wife, Auguste Ziebarth, who he married in 1862. His first wife, Rosalie Carpenter, died in 1859 in child-birth.
literary activity.
Hertzberg wrote primarily on the history of Ancient Greece and the Byzantine Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="6001570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001570" title="Robert B. Pamplin">
Robert B. Pamplin

Robert Boisseau Pamplin (November 25, 1911 - June 24, 2009) was an American businessman and later philanthropist. A native of Virginia, he rose through the ranks of Georgia-Pacific where he later served as president and chairman of the board. He helped relocate the company to Portland, Oregon, where he retired and resided until his death.
Early life.
He was born on a small family farm in Dinwiddie County, Virginia to Pauline Beville and John Robert Pamplin, attended Midway High School in Dinwiddie County, and in the Fall of 1929 began attending Virginia Polytechnic Institute (VPI). While at VPI, he was enrolled in the Corps of Cadets. He graduated from VPI with a B.S. degree in Business Administration in 1933 and spent one year in graduate school studying business administration at Northwestern University. He married Mary Katherine Reese on June 15, 1940 in Augusta, Georgia. They had one son, Robert B. Pamplin, Jr., born on September 3, 1941 in Augusta.
Career.
In 1934, Pamplin joined Georgia Hardwood in Augusta, Georgia, as one of five employees. In 1946, Georgia Hardwood was renamed Georgia-Pacific. He successively worked as accountant, secretary and treasurer, financial vice president, and president of Georgia-Pacific. In 1954, the company re-located its headquarters to Portland, Oregon, partly in response to Pamplin's suggestion. Owen Robertson Cheatham, founder of Georgia-Pacific, asked him to move west with the company. He had a personal conflict working with Lewis A. Pick (former Army Lt. General and VPI alumni) at Georgia-Pacific and terminated his employment on July 1, 1955.
After taking time off and traveling in Canada, he returned to Georgia-Pacific and served as President of the company from 1957 until his retirement in 1976. Robert B. Pamplin took Georgia-Pacific through a period of tremendous growth. When he started as President in 1957, annual sales were $121 million and profits were $7.4 million. At the time of his retirement, Georgia Pacific had sales of $3 billion and profits of $215 million.
Later life.
He created the R. B. Pamplin Corporation in 1957 in Portland, Oregon. He contributed greatly to his alma mater VPI, now known as Virginia Tech. Pamplin Hall at VPI was named in his honor in 1969 and the Pamplin College of Business Administration was named for him in 1988. His wife died in December 2008. Robert Pamplin died on June 24, 2009, in Dunthorpe, Oregon, near Portland at the age of 97. 

</doc>
<doc id="6001581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001581" title="Bridge War">
Bridge War

The Bridge War may refer to a number of unrelated conflicts:

</doc>
<doc id="6001585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001585" title="Maria Burmaka">
Maria Burmaka

Maria Burmaka (, born June 17, 1970 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer, musician, and songwriter in genres of rock, pop, folk, world music.
Biography.
Burmaka began singing Ukrainian songs while studying in a guitar class in a musical school. In 1987, she entered the faculty of philology of Kharkiv University of Karazin. A year later she started composing her own songs on the Ukrainian poetry. In 1989, Maria was the winner of the Sung Poetry festival in Lutsk. Then she became "silver medalist" of the Chervona Ruta festival. The "Kobza" firm released an audio-cassette with her guitar songs.
In January 1992, the Canadian record company "Yewshan" released Burmaka’s first CD album titled "Maria".
Burmaka released a new album in 1998 entitled "Znovu lyublyu" ("In Love Again"). The presentation of the record was special: Burmaka invited her closest friends and the press to the 17-18th century icons hall in the National Fine Arts Museum, where an acoustic guitar concert was given. She presented her new songs accompanied by the guitar only.

</doc>
<doc id="6001590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001590" title="James Findlay (Cincinnati mayor)">
James Findlay (Cincinnati mayor)

James Findlay (October 12, 1770 – December 28, 1835) was a soldier, political official, and merchant who for decades was one of the leading citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Biography.
Findlay was born in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania, to Samuel Findlay and Jane Smith. He had two older brothers, John Findlay and William Findlay. After his father suffered financial setbacks, Findlay moved to the Northwest Territory in 1793 with his wife Jane Irwin (1769–1851). There, in partnership with John Smith, he soon became one of the leading merchants and most influential men in the young city of Cincinnati. He was elected to the legislature of the Northwest Territory in 1798, and in 1802 he became the United States Marshal for the Ohio Territory.
In 1800 Findlay received his most influential appointment, that of receiver of public money at the Cincinnati Public Land Office, which made him the region's most visible official of the federal government and a central figure in the business and politics of Cincinnati. In 1805 and 1806, he served as mayor of Cincinnati, a position he would return to in 1810 and 1811. Findlay also played an active role in the Ohio militia, attaining the rank of brigadier general.
In 1806 and 1807 Findlay helped to quash the Burr conspiracy, though that meant turning on his partner Smith, an alleged conspirator. In the War of 1812, Findlay was commissioned a colonel in the United States Army, and commanded the 2nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry. He marched north with General William Hull, and opposed Hull's disastrous decision to surrender Detroit. Afterwards, Findlay was promoted to major general in the Ohio militia, and built Fort Findlay at the site of present-day Findlay, Ohio.
He was elected to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Congresses and elected as a Jacksonian Democrat to the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Congresses (March 4, 1825 – March 3, 1833). Findlay eventually broke with the Jackson Democrats, and was defeated for reelection in 1832, and as an Anti-Jacksonian lost a bid for Governor of Ohio in 1834.
He died in Cincinnati and was buried at Spring Grove Cemetery.
Legacy.
The Findlay Market, his most famous legacy, is built on land donated to Cincinnati by the estate of General Findlay and Jane Irwin Findlay.

</doc>
<doc id="6001594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001594" title="Bob Bearpark">
Bob Bearpark

Robert Bearpark (March 15, 1943 – November 18, 1996) was a Canadian soccer head coach.
Born in Berwick-upon-Tweed, England, Bearpark played soccer as a youth for Bristol City and Bath. He moved to Canada when he was 32 and enrolled as a graduate student in physical education at the University of Western Ontario. He then became assistant professor and soccer coach at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.
Bearpark served three years as technical director for the Ontario Soccer Association and then joined the Canadian Soccer Association, where he coached the national team to a fourth place finish at the 1984 Great Wall of China Tournament, and led the team in qualifying for the 1984 Summer Olympics. In 1986, he was assistant to Tony Waiters at the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico and coached the national youth team at the FIFA World Youth Championship in the Soviet Union. He became head coach of Canada's national team after the World Cup and held the job through 1987.
In 1989 Bearpark quit his job with the CSA after refusing a transfer from Hamilton to the head office in Ottawa. He moved to British Columbia, where he served six years as director of sports services for the B.C. government. He died in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 53. Bearpark was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6001602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001602" title="Derek Grimm">
Derek Grimm

William Derek Grimm (born August 3, 1974 in Peoria, Illinois) is an American professional basketball player. 
A 6'9" forward from the University of Missouri, Grimm was never drafted by an NBA team but did play for the Sacramento Kings during the 1997-98 NBA season. He appeared in nine games and scored a total of 14 points. He was also selected by the La Crosse Bobcats in the 5th round (50th overall) of the 1997 CBA Draft. He also played with the CBA's Dakota Wizards in 2003 and with the Gary Steelheads in 2005.
He has also played professionally in the IBL, Serbia (Kosovo), Philippines, Poland, Netherlands, and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="6001619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001619" title="Tittmoning">
Tittmoning

Tittmoning is a town in the district of Traunstein, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the border with Austria, on the left bank of the river Salzach, 38 km northwest of Salzburg. Population 6,151 (30 June 2005). Postal code 84529.
Its main attraction is the castle ("Burg"), which was built in the 13th century for the Archbishop of Salzburg. The administrator of the castle and its environs was called "burggraf", as was Ulrich II, burggraf in 1282. By the 17th century it had lost its character of a defensive castle and became the summer residence of the Archbishop. In the early years of World War II the castle was used as a prisoner-of-war camp for officers, Oflag VII-D. British and American citizens were also interned there (see Ilag#Ilag_VII_Laufen_and_Tittmoning).
From 11 July 1929 to 5 December 1932, Joseph Ratzinger lived here as a child. Later he became a cardinal and in 2005 was elected Pope Benedict XVI.
A festival takes place here every year at the end of May, with theatrical presentations, medieval tournaments and jousting.
Sources.
Speculum 62, No. 3 (Jul., 1987): 575-611.

</doc>
<doc id="6001624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001624" title="Violet-chested hummingbird">
Violet-chested hummingbird

The violet-chested hummingbird ("Sternoclyta cyanopectus") is a species of hummingbird. It has a large global range and is not globally threatened. It is found in Venezuela and adjacent Colombia. It belongs to the monotypical genus Sternoclyta.

</doc>
<doc id="6001657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001657" title="USS Whippet (IX-129)">
USS Whippet (IX-129)

The second USS "Whippet" (IX-129), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the whippet. Her keel was laid down on 31 October 1943 at New Orleans, Louisiana, by the Delta Shipbuilding Company under a Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 1933). She was launched on 15 December 1943 sponsored by Mrs. Will Camp Sealy, delivered to the Navy on 13 January 1944, and commissioned on 14 January 1944 with Lieutenant Commander R. Parmenter in command.
Following shakedown out of New Orleans, "Whippet" got underway late in January for duty in the South Pacific. She arrived at Bora Bora in the Society Islands on 27 February and remained there until 9 March when she continued her voyage. Two days later, the ship arrived at Funafuti and served there as station tanker until the beginning of the second week in May. On 10 May, "Whippet" headed for Oahu and, after a nine-day voyage, arrived in Pearl Harbor. Late in June, she had returned west of the International Date Line, arriving at Eniwetok on 24 June. For the next nine months, she served as station tanker at various forward bases in the Central Pacific, including Eniwetok during the Marianas campaign and Ulithi during the struggles for the Palau Islands and the Philippines. By the spring of 1945, the tanker had moved to Saipan in the Mariana Islands to prepare for the Okinawa assault.
On 27 March, she departed Saipan and, on 2 April, entered the anchorage at Kerama Retto in the Ryukyu Islands to the west of Okinawa. There she remained, serving again as station tanker until well after organized resistance on Okinawa ceased. On 25 July, she departed the Ryukyus and steamed via Ulithi to Leyte where she arrived on 7 August.
"Whippet" remained there until 12 October when she got underway for Manila. The tanker arrived at Manila the following day and served there until near the end of the second month of 1946. On 24 February, she returned to Leyte briefly before continuing on to the Marianas. After spending the month of March in the Marianas, she returned to the Philippines at Subic Bay at the end of the second week in April. The ship stayed there until the end of the month at which time she received orders to return to the United States at Norfolk, Virginia. She stopped at Pearl Harbor from 7 May to 20 May and arrived in San Francisco, California on 29 May. Instead of returning to Norfolk, however, she remained on the West Coast. On 1 July 1946, she was decommissioned at San Francisco, and returned to the War Shipping Administration for layup with the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 19 July 1946.
"Whippet" received two battle stars for World War II service

</doc>
<doc id="6001658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001658" title="Todtnau">
Todtnau

Todtnau is a town in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 2009 its population was of 4,932.
Geography.
It is situated in the Black Forest, on the river Wiese, 20 km southeast of Freiburg.
The municipality counts 8 civil parishes ("Ortsteil"):

</doc>
<doc id="6001664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001664" title="Varniai">
Varniai

Varniai (, Samogitian: "Varnē"), is a city in the Telšiai County, western Lithuania. In the Middle Ages the city was known as Medininkai. 
It was established in the 14th century, on the bank of the Varnelė River, near an important Samogitian castle. It was the center of Samogitian Catholic church: after the baptism of Samogitia, the Samogitian Bishop resided in the town. Around 1414–1416 the first church was built, and circa 1464 the first cathedral.
Varniai was the center of Samogitian episcopate until the middle of the 19th century, when authorities of the Russian Empire moved to it Kaunas. 
With support of Merkelis Giedraitis, Mikalojus Daukša translated and made ready for publication "Katechizmas", the first Lithuanian language book printed in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
It was also residence of Motiejus Valančius.

</doc>
<doc id="6001668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001668" title="Juan Carlos Burbano">
Juan Carlos Burbano

Club career.
Burbano played for a few clubs, including Deportivo Quito and El Nacional.
International career.
Burbano made 18 appearances for the senior Ecuador national football team from 1996 to 2002, and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Career as manager.
Burbano was appointed interim manager of El Nacional following the dismissal of Jorge Célico at the start of the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6001678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001678" title="Mud Lake (Montana)">
Mud Lake (Montana)

There are over a dozen lakes named Mud Lake within the U.S. state of Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="6001691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001691" title="Margaret Webster">
Margaret Webster

Margaret Webster (March 15, 1905 - November 13, 1972) was an American-born theater actress, producer and director. Through her parents, she held dual US/UK citizenship.
Career.
Margaret Webster was born in New York City, the daughter of two famous actors, Ben Webster and Dame May Whitty. She spent the early part of her career in England, where she became well known in the theatre. She worked for several established theatrical companies, including from 1929-1930 at the Old Vic[http://www.collectorspost.com/cgi-bin/ShopLoader.cgi?Actors/margaret_webster.html].
She returned to the US in 1937 and began an impressive run directing the Shakespeare play, "Richard II" with Maurice Evans in the title role. They formed a partnership that lasted until 1942, with Webster directing Evans in Broadway productions of "Hamlet, Twelfth Night" and "Henry IV, Part I". It was while she was directing "Hamlet" in 1938 that she began her long romantic relationship with actress Eva Le Gallienne.
When Evans joined the army, Webster continued to have success directing classical plays on Broadway, notably "The Cherry Orchard" (1944) starring Le Gallienne, and her greatest triumph, "Othello" (1943), starring Paul Robeson in the title role and Jose Ferrer as Iago, which ran for 296 performances, by far the longest run of a Shakespearean production on Broadway, a record that has not been remotely approached since. She also played the role of Emilia in the production.
In 1945, she staged the longest-running performance of Shakespeare's "The Tempest" ever to play Broadway, with Arnold Moss as Prospero, Canada Lee as Caliban, and ballerina Vera Zorina as Ariel. This production was only the second US staging of a Shakespeare play to feature an African-American actor in a prominent role among an otherwise all-white cast. The production played for 100 performances, then took a short break and returned to Broadway for 24 more performances.
In 1946, Webster and Le Gallienne co-founded the American Repertory Theater with producer Cheryl Crawford, with Webster's staging of Shakespeare's "Henry VIII" as its premiere production, starring Le Gallienne as Katherine, Walter Hampden as Cardinal Wolsey and Victor Jory in the title role. The theater operated until 1948 [http://www.glbtq.com/arts/legallienne_e.html][http://www.collectorspost.com/cgi-bin/ShopLoader.cgi?Actors/margaret_webster.html], staging such plays as "John Gabriel Borkman, Ghosts," and a legendary production of "Alice in Wonderland" in which Webster played the Cheshire Cat and the Red Queen.
In 1948, her affair with Le Gallienne ended and she went on tour with her company, the Margaret Webster Shakespeare Company. The tour lasted until 1951, but she left in 1950 to become the first woman to direct at the New York Metropolitan Opera. In 1964 she directed Leo Genn in "12 Angry Men" in London. She also directed "Macbeth" at the New York City Opera. Her remaining years were spent in various aspects of the theatre and opera, until her death from cancer in 1972, aged 67. Margaret Webster died at St Christopher's Hospice, 51 Lawrie Park Road, Sydenham, England [http://www.collectorspost.com/cgi-bin/ShopLoader.cgi?Actors/margaret_webster.html].

</doc>
<doc id="6001700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001700" title="Lotus Thompson">
Lotus Thompson

Lotus Thompson (1906–1963) was an Australian actress of silent and sound films. She was born in Charters Towers, Queensland on 26 August 1906. Her film career began in 1921 and ended in 1949. Along the way, she appeared in thirty-five motion pictures.
As a child, the Australian youth showed talent in school and church theatricals. Thompson was considered a beautiful girl as a youth. When she was fifteen her admirers entered her in a beauty contest. She was awarded first prize by a unanimous vote of the judges. One of the judges was a young artist. He was asked his reason for selecting her. He remarked that he chose her not so much for the beauty of her eyes, head, or lovely complexion. Instead, he admired her legs most, as they were "the sort of limbs a Diana or Venus must have had at her age". The contest won for her the title as the most beautiful girl in Australia.
Her mother was encouraged to let her sign with a stock company as soon as her school days ended. Her film debut was in the 1921 Australian film "Know Thy Child". Mother and daughter set out for Hollywood, arriving in San Francisco on the 25th of March 1924. Lotus was picked by a director from Paramount Pictures from among a crowd of applicants.
On the afternoon of 1 February 1925, she attempted to disfigure her legs for life. She burned herself from the hips down with a preparation she thought was nitric acid. She had bought the acid at a drug store the previous evening. She told the clerk there she wanted to remove some warts. Her reason for marring herself had to do with her inability to secure roles other than parts in comedy and as a chorus girl. Her ambition was to play drama, which she had done in her native country. In America, each director was the same in his remarks to Lotus, "Your legs are too marvelous to ignore. You must show your legs. Here, jump into this bathing suit." In the aftermath, she was satisfied that directors and the movie public would never want to look at her legs again.
Her mother and a girlfriend were eating when they heard Lotus screaming in the bathroom. The actress was rushed to the Ferry-Dickey-Cass private hospital by two Los Angeles Police Department detectives. The attending physician believed the vial used by Lotus did not contain nitric acid. Instead, it had the reaction of catharides, which if used in enough quantity, would cause disfigurement. If it were indeed nitric acid, the doctor said that he considered it a weak solution. The degree of disfigurement would be known in a few days.
The day after, Miss Thompson received a bit of welcome news. Rudolph Valentino sent her a telegram promising her a part in his next film. He remarked about her irrational action, "I know nothing of your work, but anyone who has the courage to do as dramatic and insane a thing as you have done must have temperament and feeling." Unfortunately, she did not have a chance to act with Valentino. He died the following year on 23 August 1926. However her rash act was carried in newspapers worldwide, and she received offers of bit roles from various casting directors. One of these was film executive Harry Rapf, who visited the young woman at her home as she was convalescing. He told her that she would have the opportunity to play in serious dramatic roles as soon as her legs healed.
In August 1926, Lotus had a supporting role in "The New Champion", which dealt with a young blacksmith who had boxing ambitions. She was a leading lady opposite Fred Humes in "The Yellow Back" (1926). An August 1933 "Los Angeles Times" article made reference to Thompson among a list of actors who accepted $10 to $15 a day for bit roles in films. The piece noted that it was no reflection on the "former greats" that they accepted small roles. Instead it was noted that they always did their assignments well and "they keep the movie ball rolling." It was mentioned that the road back is a "tough one" and current stars may be out in a year or two.
Lotus Thompson died in Burbank, California on 19 May 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="6001703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001703" title="Reo Jones">
Reo Jones

Reo Jane Francesca Jones is an American voice actress. She was discovered at a Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart in Omaha, Nebraska, an anglophile whose non-native British accent won her the role of Sarah Phillips on "Liberty's Kids".
She was a student at Sarah Lawrence College, and graduated in 2007. In February 2004, she performed in Vox Risk Holler, described by creator Lynn Book as "the world's first performance art chorus".

</doc>
<doc id="6001716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001716" title="Castelsilano">
Castelsilano

Castelsilano is a "comune" and town with a population of 1034 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
History.
Castelsilano was founded in 1685 when Scipione Rota, Prince of Acherontia, decided on the construction of a fortified structure to rest during his long hunting expeditions and as a place to stay during the summer months. The surrounding area around these fortified houses was built gradually. Called "Castrum Casini "originally, it became a municipality under the name of Casino on 14 August 1811 by decree of King Joachim Murat. 
In 1916, the town passed from the Province of Cosenza to that of Catanzaro. The name was changed from Casino to Castelsilano in June 1950. Starting in 1994, following the establishment of five new provinces, Castelsilano became part of the province of Crotone.
In 1980, a Libyan Mig-23 fell in the communal territory: it has been speculated it could be connected to the Aerolinee Itavia Flight 870 destruction.
Economy.
Castelsilano relies on the production of oil, wine, and citruses and the intense breeding of cattle. 

</doc>
<doc id="6001731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001731" title="The Avalon">
The Avalon

The Avalon Ballroom was a music venue, in the Polk Gulch neighborhood of San Francisco, California, at 1244 Sutter Street (or 1268 Sutter, depending on the entrance) . The space operated from 1966 to 1969, at the height of the counterculture movement.
History.
The building that housed the Avalon Ballroom was built in 1911 and was originally called the Colin Traver Academy of Dance. The Family Dog was founded by "little"Michael Ludwig Vice President of Marketing for Bill Graham and his father Michael Ludwig and Chet Helms music production.(Originally located off Balboa and 50th. Below the Cliff House restaurant).
Bands were frequently booked to perform at the Avalon on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Extraordinary posters advertising each event were produced by psychedelic artists, including Rick Griffin, Stanley Mouse, Alton Kelley and Victor Moscoso.
In the 1960s, at the Avalon, two bands typically performed two sets during the evening beginning at about nine o'clock. Many local bands, such as Quicksilver Messenger Service and the Steve Miller Band, served as backup bands, as did the early Moby Grape and headliners such as The Doors, the 13th Floor Elevators, the Butterfield Blues Band and Big Brother and the Holding Company, which Helms organized around singer and performer Janis Joplin in spring 1966.
The Grateful Dead played at the Avalon 29 times from 1966 through 1969, and recorded two live albums, entitled "Vintage Dead" and "Historic Dead", in the autumn of 1966. 2 tracks of their famous "Live/Dead" album were also recorded at the there in early 1969, "The Eleven" and "Turn On Your Love Light".
On January 29, 1967 it hosted the Mantra-Rock Dance musical event, organized by the local Hare Krishna temple, which featured Hare Krishna founder Bhaktivedanta Swami, along with Allen Ginsberg, The Grateful Dead, Moby Grape and Big Brother and the Holding Company, with Janis Joplin.
Description.
The Avalon occupied the two top floors of the multi-story building at 1268 Sutter. An L-shaped, second-floor balcony surrounded the first-floor along the south and western walls, and the dance area was in front of the elevated stage in the northeast corner where musicians performed. The entrance doors were downstairs, and opened onto Sutter Street.
The Family Dog maintained a hippie residential house that functioned as a commune at 1812 Bush Street, a block away from the Avalon, frequented by Helms and his friends. The Avalon was not as large as the Winterland Ballroom or The Fillmore, which had been used by Helms before Bill Graham allegedly violated their partnership agreements. However, the Avalon had the capacity of up to 500. The ballroom was by . This area included the stage, which was wide. The dance floor could accommodate several hundred dancers. An omnipresent light show was created by several local lighting companies.
Closure and restoration.
The Avalon lost its lease in November 1968; Cohen and Helms moved on to other pursuits—Helms became an art dealer while still occasionally producing concerts. Cohen went on to form the national touring audio company, Bob Cohen Sound, that would tour with many former Avalon acts, and later founded Clearcom Intercom Systems. The space was converted to the Regency 2 Movie Theatre, that operated until 2001. In 2003, after learning from Stanley Mouse that the building was available, neo-hippie Steve Shirley (aka Morning Spring Rain) of the Hog Farm commune and backed by Michael lazar (owner of Shadow Lounge) and partner Michael conners restored and re-opened the Avalon Ballroom. The venue Produced 70 plus concerts between 2003 and 2006. The former Avalon Ballroom was later used as the offices for fabric design company American Pacific Linens. Since 2012 it became the headquarters of the internet company Wantful.com. The entire former ballroom space was renovated.
Pop culture.
"Combination Of The Two", the opening song of "Cheap Thrills", the second album by the Big Brother and The Holding Company, was a homage to the rock ballrooms of San Francisco, and there is a direct reference to the Avalon in the lyrics: "Everybody over at the Avalon Ballroom in the San Francisco Bay". According to Sam Andrew in the documentary "Nine Hundred Nights", he wrote "Combination of The Two" for the San Francisco late 60s scene, and "The Two" were The Fillmore and The Avalon.
Starting in August 2013, the building was used as the residence and principal filming location for .

</doc>
<doc id="6001732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001732" title="Purn Hill">
Purn Hill

Purn Hill () is a 6.1 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Bleadon, Somerset, notified in 1990. The site is a small promontory of Carboniferous Limestone projecting southward from the main Mendip ridge. 
The SSSI citation sheet describes the site as having an "exceptionally diverse unimproved calcareous grassland flora". The richest grassland communities are situated on the thin and stony soils of the steeper west-facing flanks of the hill. Over 200 species occur in the sward, including Salad Burnet ("Sanguisorba minor"), Dropwort ("Filipendula vulgaris"), Fairy Flax ("Linum catharticum"), Kidney Vetch ("Anthyllis vulneraria") and Dwarf Thistle ("Cirsium acaule"). The rare plants are mainly associated with the small exposures of Dolomitic limestone in the southern part of the site. Purn Hill is one of only five British sites for the nationally rare coastal limestone umbellifer species Honewort ("Trinia glauca"). White Rock-rose ("Helianthemum apenninum") is found at the site and hybridises with Common Rock-rose ("Helianthemum nummularium") to form the hybrid "H. x sulphureum". Forty species of grass occur at the site, including Somerset Hair-grass ("Koeleria vallesiana") which in Britain is confined to the western Mendips. Musk Stork's-bill ("Erodium moschatum") occurs here.
The Mendip Way crosses the site.

</doc>
<doc id="6001735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001735" title="Shuhei Fujisawa">
Shuhei Fujisawa

Published works.
Over 23 million of his paperbacks have been printed. His work has been adapted for both television and film. Five recent full-length films have been based on his work. Three of them directed by Yoji Yamada are 
In addition, Hana no Ato (2010) was turned into a movie and directed by Kenji Nakanishi. 
Historical setting.
"The Bamboo Sword and Other Samurai Tales", a collection of eight short stories, is a work of historical fiction. The stories are set in Edo period Japan (1603-1867) and depict the lives of people from all walks of life, but revolve mainly around samurai characters. The Edo Period (1603-1867) was a period of over 250 years of lasting peace in Japanese history. This historical period was full of political upheaval and intrigue, rivalry and betrayals. During this period, the samurai struggled to retain their sense of pride and meaning in life as they attempt to settle into mundane jobs and family life. This struggle can be seen throughout "The Bamboo Sword and Other Samurai Tales" and other works by Fujisawa Shuhei.
Fujisawa focused on the humanity of his characters in his stories. Through his stories, the reader comes to understand Japanese history and culture in a more real sense.
Awards.
In 1973, Fujisawa received the Naoki Award for "Ansatsu No Nenrin" ("Annals of Assassination"), establishing himself as a leading author of period stories. He would go on to win six further prestigious literary awards. For example he won the Asahi Prize in 1994.
"The Twilight Samurai" (2002), was in part based on the title story, "The Bamboo Sword", won the 2003 Japanese Academy Awards. It was also nominated for an Oscar in the "Best Foreign Language Film" category. 

</doc>
<doc id="6001736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001736" title="Wilbur J. Peterkin">
Wilbur J. Peterkin

Colonel Wilbur J. Peterkin was a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army during the Second World War in the China Burma India Theater, and an executive and commanding officer of the United States Army Observer Group, commonly known as the Dixie Mission. Prior to the war, Peterkin was a high school teacher in Sumner, Washington. Before commanding Dixie, Peterkin had spent almost two years in China.
Peterkin went to school in Polson, Montana, and Portland, Oregon. He received a B.S. in military science and education from the University of Oregon where he was drum major of the university band (he played the baritone and tuba, later directing the high school band in Sumner, Washington). He was an infantry instructor in Fort Benning, Georgia, from 1941-1943. From 1943-44 he trained Kuomintang officers in South China. After World War II he served with the 415th Infantry Regiment, 104th Infantry Division (Reserve) from 1946–1964, and was the commanding officer 1948-1957.

</doc>
<doc id="6001744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001744" title="Konstadinos Koukodimos">
Konstadinos Koukodimos

Konstadinos "Kostas" Koukodimos (, born 14 September 1969) with origin from Pieria, Makedonia is a retired Greek long jumper. He was born in Melbourne, Australia.
As athlete.
Koukodimos is best known for his bronze medal at the 1994 European Championships. His personal best is 8.36 metres, achieved in June 1994 in Khania.
As politician.
He is also politician and parliamentarian, elected with the party New Democracy in Pieria in 2007. In January 2008, the journalist Makis Triantafyllopoulos revealed that Koukodimos was calling him and other journalists of the Proto Thema in order to cover the scandal that broke up with Christos Zachopoulos's case.
Koukodimos was forced to leave the New Democracy's parliamentary team and participate in the Greek parliament as independent. He returned to New Democracy's parliamentary team after six months.
He was re-elected MP in elections of 2009 and of May 2012 in Pieria constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="6001752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001752" title="I'm One of You">
I'm One of You

"I'm One of You" is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on November 18, 2003 on the Curb Records label. A video has been made for the track "Why Can't We All Just Get a Long Neck?" 

</doc>
<doc id="6001777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001777" title="Max Bog">
Max Bog

Max Bog is a 10.6 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in North Somerset, notified in 1988.
The site is owned by North Somerset Council and managed by the Avon Wildlife Trust for the range of wetland plants that it supports. There is no access without a permit.
Ecology.
Marsh Helleborine occurs here and nowhere else in Avon. Lesser Butterfly-orchid and Fragrant Orchid also occur here, and at only one other Avon site each. It is also home to Yellow Rattle, Meadow Sweet and Meadow Thistle. The reserve is also important for its invertebrate interest and is home to many species of moth, grasshopper and dragonfly.
Narrow-leaved Marsh-orchid is found in adjacent fields.
"Dactylorhiza" orchids are well represented, including the hybrids "D. × grandis" and "D. × hallii".

</doc>
<doc id="6001779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001779" title="Raúl Guerrón">
Raúl Guerrón

Raúl Fernando Guerrón Méndez (born 12 October 1976) is an Ecuadorian football defender. He played all his career for Deportivo Quito, and as of July 2006 still plays there.
He played for the Ecuador national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6001781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001781" title="2004 LSU Tigers football team">
2004 LSU Tigers football team

The 2004 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the 2004 NCAA Division I-A football season. Coached by Nick Saban in his last season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The team finished with a 9–3 record and an appearance in the Capital One Bowl against Iowa. Iowa won the bowl game on a last second hail mary pass for a touchdown.
Schedule.
2004 LSU Tigers Football Schedule
LSU Tigers in the 2005 National Football League Draft.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/draft/2005.htm

</doc>
<doc id="6001782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001782" title="Klass">
Klass

Klass is a Germanic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6001783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001783" title="Eastern Lombard grammar">
Eastern Lombard grammar

The Eastern Lombard Grammar reflects the main features of Romance languages: the word order of Eastern Lombard is usually SVO, nouns are inflected in number, adjectives agree in number and gender with the nouns, verbs are conjugated in tenses, aspects and moods and agree with the subject in number and person. The case system is present only for the weak form of the pronoun.
Eastern Lombard has always been a spoken language and, in spite of sporadic attempts to fix the main features in a written grammar, a unique canonical variety has never prevailed over the others. The present day situation sees a large number of varieties, roughly identifiable by the area where a particular variety is spoken (so, you may encounter a Bergamasque, Brescian, a Camunic variety, etc.). Varieties differ mainly in phonology, syntax and word choice.<br>
This grammar is based on the Brescian variety and, although local differences (even remarkable) can be found, the basic principles are generally valid for the other varieties.
Nouns.
Nouns in Eastern Lombard have two genders (masculine and feminine), and two grammatical numbers (singular or plural). See also Diachronics of plural inflection in the Gallo-Italian languages.
<br>
<br>The feminine generally ends in -a:<br>
"gàta (she-cat)"<br>
"fómna (woman)"<br>
<br>
but can also end with a consonant:<br>
"néf (snow)"<br>
<br>
"Masculine"' names generally end with a consonant:<br>
"gat (cat)"<br>
"òm (man)"<br>
<br>but can also end with a vowel. This usually happens where a historical -n has dropped:<br>
"cà (dog)" (cfr. the western lombard 'can')<br>
"pà (bread)" (cfr. the western lombard 'pan')<br>
"carbù (coal)" (cfr. the western lombard 'carbón')<br>
<br>
The plural of feminine nouns always ends in -e:<br>
" 'na gàta / dò gàte (a she-cat / two she-cats)"<br>
" 'na fómna / dò fómne (a woman / two women)"<br>
<br>
Except when the singular ends with a consonant, in such cases the plural follows the rules for the masculine.<br>
<br>
The plural of masculine nouns is a little more complicated to form and depends on the last sound of the singular.<br>
<br>
If the singular ends with a vowel, the plural is identical:<br>
"en cà / du cà (a dog / two dogs)"<br>
<br>
If the singular ends with a -c, -j, -m, -p, -r, -s, the plural is identical to the singular:<br>
<br>
"en sac / du sac (a sack / two sacks)"<br>
"en ventàj / du ventàj (a fan/ two fans)"<br>
"en póm/ du póm (an apple / two apples)"<br>
"en cóp / du cóp (a tile / two tiles)"<br>
"en pér / du pér (a pear / two pears)"<br>
"en ciós / du ciós (a field / two fields)"<br>
<br>
If the singular ends with a -t, the plural ends with a -cc (pronounced -[tʃ]):<br>
"en gat / du gacc" (pronounced /du gatʃ/) "(a cat / two cats)":<br>
<br>
If the singular ends with an -n, the plural ends with a -gn (pronounced -[ɲ]):<br>
"en àzen / du àzegn" (pronounced /du ˈazɛɲ/) "(a donkey / two donkeys)"<br>
<br>
If the singular ends with a -l, the plural ends in a -j:
"en caàl / du caàj" (pronounced /du ka'aj/) "(a horse / two horses)"
Article.
All the articles in Eastern Lombard agree in number and gender with the corresponding noun.
Articles can be definite (like "the" in English) and indefinite (like "a/an"). Indefinite articles are used only with singular nouns, however to indicate an indefinite number of objects, Lombard exploits something similar to the partitive in French), but because the partitive system is much less developed in Lombard, this class of articles is included in the indefinite system.
Definite Article.
Note:
Brescian: " 'le fómne' " <br>
Bergamasque " 'i fómne' " (eng. "the women")<br>
Note that speakers that use one form may not find correct the other.
"El ga majàt l'armì del póm" (he ate the seed of the apple).
"A la fì vé 'l bel" (the good part comes at the end).
Indefinite Article.
Note:
"En vöt 'n ótra?" (Do you want another one?).<br>
"L'éra 'n gran rebelòt" (it was a mess).
"Gó ést en ca" (I saw a dog),
"Gó ést dèi ca" (I saw dogs / some dogs).
Modifiers.
Adjectives.
In Eastern Lombard, adjectives with qualificative function usually go after the noun they modify, and agree with it in number (singular/plural) and gender (masculine/feminine).<br>
Plural of adjectives is formed observing the same rules of nouns. So we have:<br>
<br>
" 'n òm pesèn" / "du òm pesègn" (a short man / two short men)<br>
" 'na fómna pesèna" / "dò fómne pesène" (a short woman / two short women)<br>
<br>
<br>
Although, in general, if compared with the Italian tongue, Eastern Lombard is less permissive under this aspect, some common adjectives like "bèl" (beautiful), "bröt" (ugly), "gran" (big), "bù" (good, good-natured), "brào" (good, clever) can also be placed before the noun. In this case the meaning can take on a different nuance, e.g.:<br>
<br>
"en bröt òm" (a bad-natured man)<br>
"en òm bröt" (an ugly man)
Superlative.
<br>
Eastern Lombard expresses an extreme degree or absolute state of something by means of the absolute superlative, that corresponds to the English form "very + adjective".<br>
Differently from Italian, Spanish and other Romance languages, Eastern Lombard lacks a counterpart of the form "adjective+issimo" and also lacks a cognate for the Italian "molto". In the Brescian variety, the most widespread form is "adjective + fés", e.g.:<br>
<br>
"l'è bèl fés" (it is very beautiful)<br>
" 'na maöla dólsa fés" (a very sweet strawberry)<br>
<br>
<br>
Although, the adverb "fés" cannot be used if the adjective is placed before the noun. In that case the superlative form is obtained by the adverb "gran" placed before the adjective, e.g.:<br>
<br>
"du gran bèj caàj" (two very beautiful horses)<br>
"l'è 'n gran brào barbér" (he is a very good barber)<br>
<br>
<br>
Another way to express a high degree of something is to reinforce it by means of a second "adjective+ét/ènt" (formerly a present participle), for example:<br>
<br>
"só ché mis gosét" (I am very wet; literally: dripping wet)<br>
"la padèla l'è calda sbrojéta" (the pan is very hot; literally: burning hot)<br>
<br>
the second element is very frequently a repetition of the first adjective, i.e.:<br>
<br>
"'na máchina nöa nöènta" (a very new car) <br>
"ghè za ciar ciarènt" (it is already very clear)<br>
"del dutùr ghéra zó pjé pjenènt" (it was very full of people down there to the doctor room)
Demonstrative adjectives.
Eastern Lombard makes a two-way distinction of demonstrative: the proximal form for the singular masculine is "chèsto", while the distal form is "chèl". This is the declension for the two forms:
<br>
<br>
Both the proximal and the distal form are frequently emphasized with "chè" and "là" after the noun. So for example:
"chèsto pà" or "chèsto pà chè" or "chèl pà chè"(this bread);
"chèl pà" or "chèl pà là" (that bread).
Pronouns.
Pronouns are classified in personal pronouns (referring to entities), demonstrative pronouns (deitic function), interrogative pronouns (to formulate questions and relative pronouns (linking sentence together).
Personal Pronouns.
Personal pronouns decline in number (singular and plural) and person (first, second and third). For the third person, gender (masculine and feminine) represents a further distinction. 
Notes:
<br>
<br>
<br>
Examples of use of the pronouns:
Demonstrative Pronouns.
Demonstrative pronouns are identical in form with the demonstrative adjectives (see corresponding table). Of course, they occur without a noun and they agree in number and gender with the referent. <br>
Demonstrative pronouns are almost always used with the deictic particle "ché" or "là". However, while with demonstrative adjectives "chèl" can be used in combination with "ché", demonstrative pronouns do not accept the expression *"chèl ché". So:
"chèsto s·cèt ché" (this boy) -> "chèsto ché" (this one)<br>
"chèl s·cèt là" (that boy) -> "chèl là" (that one) <br>
"chèl s·cèt ché" (this boy) -> no corresponding expression (*"chèl ché" is not an acceptable form).
<br>
<br>
In pronoun resolution (finding the referent of a pronoun), strong preference is given to animate entities rather to inanimate entities.
Verbs.
Non finite Mood.
Infinitive.
According to the infinitive form, verbs are classified in two classes:<br>
<br>
The first class includes the verbs ending in -à:<br>
"Parlà" (to speak)<br>
"Cantà" (to sing)<br>
"Nà" (to go)<br>
<br>
The second class includes the verbs with the infinitive ending in "-ì" or "-er". Note that almost all the verbs of this second class can present two infinitive forms, one ending in "-ì" and the other ending in "-er". For example:<br>
<br>
"Lizì = Lèzer" (to read)<br>
"Scriì = Scrìer" (to write)<br>
"Patì = Patéser" (to suffer)<br>
<br>
The form in -ì is mandatory when an enclitic pronoun is added:<br>
"Gó de lizìl" (I have to read it)<br>
while the form in -er is generally preferred when the infinitive has no enclitic pronouns attached:<br>
"Gó de lèzer" (I have to read)<br>
<br>
Camunic and Bergamasque varieties show instead the only form in -í superseding the more conservative form -er.
Past Participle.
Past participle is used in the compound tenses present perfect and past perfect.
The regular past participle is made adding an "-t" (or "-da" for feminine in adjective construction and tenses that require gender agreement) after the infinitive form. Verbs of the second class use the form ending in "-ì". For example: 
"Parlà" + "t" => "Parlàt"<br>
"Cantà" + "t" => "Cantàt"<br>
"Scriì" + "t" => "Scriìt"<br>
"Patì" + "t" => "Patìt"
Indicative Mood.
Present Tenses.
There are two present tenses in Eastern Lombard:<br>
A simple present and a present progressive:
Simple Present.
The Simple Present, is conjugated as follows:<br>
<br>
First class (infinitive in -à: "cantà" (to sing) )<br>
I sing.: "cànte"<br>
II sing.: "càntet"<br>
III sing.: "cànta"<br>
I plur.: "cantóm"<br>
II plur.: "cantìf"<br>
III plur.: "cànta"<br>
<br>
Second class (infinitive in -ì/-er: "córer" (to run) )<br>
I sing.: "córe"<br>
II sing.: "córet"<br>
III sing.: "cór"<br>
I plur.: "coróm"<br>
II plur.: "curìf"<br>
III plur.: "cór"<br>
<br>
The paradigms above are presented without the corresponding pronouns. Actually, II person singular and III personal singular and plural cannot be separated by their clitic pronoun. <br>
The following paradigm is presented with either the personal pronoun and the clitic pronoun:<br>
<br>
"mé cànte"<br>
"té ta càntet"<br>
"lü el cànta" (III person singular masculine)<br>
"lé la cànta" (III person singular feminine)<br>
"nóter cantóm"<br>
"vóter cantìf"<br>
"lur i cànta" (III person plural masculine)<br>
"lùre le cànta" (III person plural feminine)<br>
<br>
The first person plural can also be conjugated with the clitic pronoun "en" + III sing.<br>
<br>
"nóter cantóm = nóter en cànta"<br>
<br>
This form can be prevalent or even exclusive in certain varieties (for example in Bergamasque).<br>
<br>
Another local way to conjugate the I person plural is <br>
<br>
"nóter càntem"<br>
<br>
where the clitic pronoun seems to have shifted and merged with the declension.
Interrogative form of the verb.
A feature which Lombard tongue shares (among Romance languages) with French is the interrogative conjugation of the verb. This form is much better preserved in Eastern Lombard than in Western Lombard, where superstratum effects by Italian are stronger. The analogy with French tongue holds at a syntactical level, i.e. "interrogative form" means a verb–subject order. A difference consists in the fact that subject particles are enclitic (no accent) and agglutinate with the verb. Internal Sandhi phenomena may take place as well "canta-la?" turns into "càntela?". 
So, eastern Lombard verbs have a distinct conjugation paradigm for the interrogative function, where clitic pronouns shift after the verb and solder with it:<br>
<br>
First class<br>
I sing.: "càntej?" that corresponds to "(do I) sing?"<br>
II sing.: "càntet?" that corresponds to "(do you) sing?"<br>
III sing.masc.: "càntel?" that corresponds to "(does he) sing?"<br>
III sing.fem.: "càntela?" that corresponds to "(does she) sing?"<br>
I plur.: "cantómej" that corresponds to "(do we) sing?"<br>
II plur.: "cantìf" that corresponds to "(do you) sing?"<br>
III plur.masc.: "càntej?" that corresponds to "(do they) sing?"<br>
III plur.fem.: "càntele?" that corresponds to "(do they) sing?"
It is worthwhile noting that some Camunic dialects show a periphrastic interrogative form, with syntax identical to English tongue:
Note that usual interrogative form is applied to the auxiliary verb "fá" in this context.
(see D.Lino Ertani: dizionario del dialetto Camuno e toponomastica M.Quetti-Artogne 1985 (Italian)).
Negative form of the verb.
The negative form is obtained by adding the negation particle "mìa" after the verb:<br>
<br>
I sing.: "cànte mìa" that corresponds to "(I) don't sing"<br>
II sing.: "càntet mìa"<br>
III sing.: "cànta mìa"<br>
I plur.: "cantóm mìa"<br>
II plur.: "cantìf mìa"<br>
III plur.: "cànta mìa"
Present Progressive.
The Present progressive, that is formed with the simple present of the verb "véser" (to be) + "dré a" + infinitive:<br>
<br>
First class (infinitive in -à: "cantà" (to sing) )<br>
I sing.: "só dré a cantà"<br>
II sing.: "sét dré a cantà"<br>
III sing.: "(l')è dré a cantà"<br>
I plur.: "sóm dré a cantà"<br>
II plur.: "sìf dré a cantà"<br>
III plur.: "(i)è dré a cantà"<br>
<br>
Second class (infinitive in -ì/-er: "córer" (to run) )<br>
I sing.: "só dré a córer"<br>
II sing.: "sét dré a córer"<br>
III sing.: "(l')è dré a córer"<br>
I plur.: "sóm dré a córer"<br>
II plur.: "sìf dré a córer"<br>
III plur.: "(i)è dré a córer"
Past Tenses.
There are four past tenses. A simple past (imperfect) and three compound pasts (past progressive, present perfect and past perfect):
Imperfect.
The Imperfect tense, which refers to any repeated, continuous, or habitual past action, is conjugated as follows:<br>
<br>
First class (infinitive in -à: "cantà" (to sing) )<br>
I sing.: "cantàe"<br>
II sing.: "cantàet"<br>
III sing.: "cantàa"<br>
I plur.: "cantàem"<br>
II plur.: "cantàef"<br>
III plur.: "cantàa"<br>
<br>
Second class (infinitive in -ì/-er: "córer" (to run) )<br>
I sing.: "curìe"<br>
II sing.: "curìet"<br>
III sing.: "curìa"<br>
I plur.: "curìem"<br>
II plur.: "curìef"<br>
III plur.: "curìa"
Past Progressive.
The Past Progressive stresses the fact that the action was continuous in the past. This tense is formed with the imperfect of the verb "véser" (to be) + "dré a" + the infinitive:<br>
<br>
I sing.: "sére dré a cantà"<br>
II sing.: "séret dré a cantà"<br>
III sing.: "(l')éra dré a cantà"<br>
I plur.: "sérem dré a cantà"<br>
II plur.: "séref dré a cantà"<br>
III plur.: "(i)éra dré a cantà"
Present Perfect.
The Present Perfect is used for every past action without strong connotation on the aspect of the verb, otherwise speakers prefer Imperfect or Past Progressive tenses. Notably, Lombard does not have a Preterite. <br>
<br>
The Present Perfect is formed with the present of the verb "ìga" (to have) + the past participle or with the present of the verb "véser" + the past participle:<br>
<br>
Example from "cantà"(to sing), with auxiliary verb "ìga":
<br>
I sing.: "gó cantàt"<br>
II sing.: "ghét cantàt"<br>
III sing.: "ga cantàt"<br>
I plur.: "góm cantàt"<br>
II plur.: "ghif cantàt"<br>
III plur.: "ga cantàt"<br>
<br>
Example from "sta" (to stay), with auxiliary verb "véser":
I sing.: "só stat"<br>
II sing.: "sét stat"<br>
III sing.: "(l')è stat"<br>
I plur.: "sóm stacc"<br>
II plur.: "sìf stacc"<br>
III plur.: "(i)è stacc"
Past Perfect.
The Past Perfect expresses that the action was completed in the past before some other event. <br> This tense is formed with the Imperfect of the verb "ìga" (to have) + the past participle or with the Imperfect of the verb "véser" + the past participle (similarly to the Present Perfect):<br>
<br>
I sing.: "ghìe cantàt"<br>
II sing.: "ghìet cantàt"<br>
III sing.: "ghìa cantàt"<br>
I plur.: "ghìem cantàt"<br>
II plur.: "ghìef cantàt"<br>
III plur.: "ghìa cantàt"
I sing.: "sére stat"<br>
II sing.: "séret stat"<br>
III sing.: "(l')éra stat"<br>
I plur.: "sérem stacc"<br>
II plur.: "séref stacc"<br>
III plur.: "(i)éra stacc"
Future Tenses.
There are three future tenses. A simple future and two compound futures (future progressive and future perfect):
Simple Future.
The Simple Future, is conjugated as follows:<br>
<br>
First class (infinitive in -à: "cantà" (to sing) )<br>
I sing.: "cantaró"<br>
II sing.: "cantarét"<br>
III sing.: "cantarà"<br>
I plur.: "cantaróm"<br>
II plur.: "cantarìf"<br>
III plur.: "cantarà"<br>
<br>
Second class (infinitive in -ì/-er: "córer" (to run) )<br>
I sing.: "coraró"<br>
II sing.: "corarét"<br>
III sing.: "corarà"<br>
I plur.: "coraróm"<br>
II plur.: "corarìf"<br>
III plur.: "corarà"
Future Progressive.
The Future Progressive is formed with the simple future of the verb "véser" (to be) + "dré a" + the infinitive:<br>
<br>
I sing.: "saró dré a cantà"<br>
II sing.: "sarét dré a cantà"<br>
III sing.: "sarà dré a cantà"<br>
I plur.: "saróm dré a cantà"<br>
II plur.: "sarìf dré a cantà"<br>
III plur.: "sarà dré a cantà"
Future Perfect.
The Future Perfect is formed with the simple future of the auxiliary verb "ìga" (to have) + the past participle or with the simple future of "vèser" + the past participle (similarly to the Present Perfect):<br>
<br>
I sing.: "garó cantàt"<br>
II sing.: "garét cantàt"<br>
III sing.: "garà cantàt"<br>
I plur.: "garóm cantàt"<br>
II plur.: "garif cantàt"<br>
III plur.: "garà cantàt"<br>
<br>
I sing.: "saró stat"<br>
II sing.: "sarét stat"<br>
III sing.: "sarà stat"<br>
I plur.: "saróm stacc"<br>
II plur.: "sarìf stacc"<br>
III plur.: "sarà stacc"
Subjunctive and Conditional moods.
Subjunctive and conditional moods are used to form the hypothetical sentences and to express desire.<br>
The paradigms for a regular verb (cantà = to sing) are the following:<br>
person
subjunctive present
subjunctive past
conditional
I sing.<br>II sing.<br>III sing.<br>I plur.<br>II plur.<br>III plur.
"càntes"<br>"càntes"<br>"cànte"<br>"cantómes"<br>"cantìghes"<br>"cànte"
"cantèse"<br>"cantèset"<br>"cantès"<br>"cantèsem"<br>"cantèsef"<br>"cantès"
"cantarèse"<br>"cantarèset"<br>"cantarès"<br>"cantarèsem"<br>"cantarèsef"<br>"cantarès"
Imperative mood.
Imperative mood has only one tense (present) and three persons (II singular, I and II plural).<br>
The paradigm is the following:<br>
person
I class verbs<br>
II class verbs<br>
II sing.<br>I plur.<br>II plur.
"cànta"<br>"cantóm"<br>"cantì"
"scrìf"<br>"scrióm"<br>"scriì"
<br>
Imperative can also bring an enclitic pronoun to specify the object of the action or toward who it is directed. In this case the conjugation for the II singular person can be slightly different. So we have:<br>
<br>
"cànta!" (you sing!)
but
"càntela!" (sing it!)<br>
where "-la" is the enclitic pronoun indicating the object (in this example: III person singular feminine).
"càntega!" (sing to them)<br>
where "-ga" indicates toward who is directed the action (in this example: III person plural).
and for the II class verbs:
"scrìf!" (you write!)
but
"scrìel!" (write it!)<br>
"scrìem!" (write to me!)
Phrasal verbs.
Eastern Lombard makes a large use of phrasal verbs, i.e. a combination of a verb and an adverb of place. The meaning of the resulting form often significantly differs from the basic verb meaning. Here are some examples:<br>
<br>
"catà" (to pick up) <br>
"catà fò" (to choose) <br>
"catà sö" (to pick up, to drive over someone/something in a vehicle) <br>
"catà sa" (to retrieve, to refer to unconcerning matters) <br>
"catà zó" (to pick from a tree) <br>
<br>
"tö" (to buy, to take) <br>
"tö dré" (to bring with oneself) <br>
"tö sö" (to take up) <br>
"tö dét" (to engage, to give an employment) <br>
"tö fò" (to ask for rest days) <br>
"tö zó" (to assume drugs or medical treatments) <br>
<br>
"leà" (to lift) <br>
"leà fò" (to breed) <br>
"leà sö" (to stand up) <br>
<br>
Note that the adverbial particle always comes immediately after the group "verb + enclitic pronouns", e.g.:<br>
<br>
"te ghét de laàl zó" (you have to wash it down)<br>
"càtemej sö, per pjazér" (pick them up me, please)
Auxiliary verbs.
Eastern Lombard has two auxiliary verbs: "véser" (to be) and "ìga" (to have) and are used in the same way as in Italian.
The verb Véser (to be).
Besides being used as copula or to express existence (like "to be"), Véser is also an auxiliary verb, contrary to the use of the English Present Perfect. <br>
The forms in the present tense are irregular:<br> 
I sing.: "só"<br>
II sing.: "sét"<br>
III sing.: "(l')è"<br>
I plur.: "sóm"<br>
II plur.: "sìf"<br>
III plur.: "(i)è"
The verb Ìga (to have).
The peculiarity of the verb "ìga" in Eastern Lombard is that it is always bound to a pronominal particle. The infinitive form, for example, is "ìga", where the particle "-ga" is a 1st person plural pronoun (comparable with the pronoun "ci" of the Italian).<br>
When a different pronoun is needed, the particle "-ga" is replaced with the proper pronoun, for example:<br>
<br>
"L'è bèl a ìga i sólcc" (It is good to have money)<br>
but<br>
"La dis de ìl vést" (She says to have seen it)<br> 
<br>
The same occurs in the conjugated forms, with the exception that the pronominal particle comes before the verb instead of after. For example:<br>
<br>
"Gó du gacc" (I have two cats)<br>
but<br>
"L'ó ést" (I have seen it)<br>
<br>
The complete conjugation for the indicative present is:
I sing.: "gó"<br>
II sing.: "ghét"<br>
III sing.: "ga"<br>
I plur.: "góm"<br>
II plur.: "ghìf"<br>
III plur.: "ga"<br>
<br>
<br>
Certain varieties (mostly Bergamasque) drop the pronominal particle when conjugated as auxiliary verb, thus, in that case, the correct expressions are:<br>
<br>
"Gó öna moér e du s·cècc" (I have a wife and two sons)<br>
but<br>
"Ó biìt tròp" (I have drunk too much)
Convergence of the imperfect.
Curiously enough, the imperfect conjugation of the auxiliary verbs seems to confuse and interchange the inflections.<br>
Etymologically the two auxiliary verbs should be conjugated as follows:<br>
<br>
véser:<br>
I sing.: "sére"<br>
II sing.: "séret"<br>
III sing.: "(l')éra"<br>
I plur.: "sérem"<br>
II plur.: "séref"<br>
III plur.: "(i) éra"<br>
<br>
ìga:<br>
I sing.: "ghìe"<br>
II sing.: "ghìet"<br>
III sing.: "ghìa"<br>
I plur.: "ghìem"<br>
II plur.: "ghìef"<br>
III plur.: "ghìa"<br>
<br>
But, beside these forms, the followings can often be found:<br>
<br>
véser:<br>
I sing.: "sìe"<br>
II sing.: "sìet"<br>
III sing.: "(l')ìa"<br>
I plur.: "sìem"<br>
II plur.: "sìef"<br>
III plur.: "(i) ìa"<br>
<br>
ìga:<br>
I sing.: "ghére"<br>
II sing.: "ghéret"<br>
III sing.: "ghéra"<br>
I plur.: "ghérem"<br>
II plur.: "ghéref"<br>
III plur.: "(i) ghéra"<br>
<br>
Therefore, the following sentences can be found with no apparent preference:<br>
"El ghìa fat sö 'na ca."<br>
"El ghéra fat sö 'na ca."<br>
Both meaning "He had built a house."
Negation.
In Eastern Lombard, negation is generally expressed with the form mìa (or locally mìga) after the verb.
"el tò s·cèt el stüdia mìa l'Inglés" (Your son is not studying English).
In the case of a compound tense, the negation occurs after the auxiliary.
"só mìa nàt a scöla" (I did not go to school).
Differently from Italian where the negative sentence pattern contemplates and requires the use of redundant negative particles, Eastern Lombard doesn't. Thus, when an indefinite pronoun with negative value is already present in the sentence, the particle "mìa" is usually dropped (even though in certain conditions it is tolerated).
"ghéra niènt de fa" (there was nothing to do).<br>
Compare with the Italian:<br>
" non c'era niente da fare."<br>
<br>
"mé gó ést nüsü " (I didn't see anybody).<br>
In Italian would be rendered with:<br>
" io non ho visto nessuno ". <br>
<br>
"el ga mài lauràt" (he has never worked).<br>
Italian:<br>
" non ha mai lavorato".<br> 
<br>
The forms:<br>
"ghéra mìa niènt de fa" and "mé gó mìa ést nüsü " 
are tolerated while the form "el ga mìa mài lauràt" is not.<br>
<br>
<br>
A less common way to express negation is the use of the particle nó before the verb or before the proclitic subject pronoun. Actually, this form has almost everywhere been replaced by the use of "mìa". It seems to have crystallized uniquely in few expressions like:
"mé nó crède!" (I don't think so!)
"gne nó 'l va, gne nó 'l vé." (neither it goes, nor comes it).

</doc>
<doc id="6001795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001795" title="John II of Naples">
John II of Naples

John II (died 919) was the duke of Naples from 915 to his death. He succeeded his father Gregory IV on the latter's death late in 915.
He had accompanied his father to the Battle of the Garigliano under Nicholas Picingli, where the Christian coalition defeated the Moslems of the fortress on the Garigliano.

</doc>
<doc id="6001799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001799" title="Klassen">
Klassen

Klassen is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="6001802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001802" title="Joe Mardin">
Joe Mardin

Joe Mardin (born Yusuf Mardin) is a music producer, arranger and engineer from New York City. He is a Berklee College of Music graduate and is the son of producer Arif Mardin (Norah Jones, Aretha Franklin, Hall & Oates, Chaka Khan etc...). Joe is also a conductor, songwriter and drummer. 
Along with his father, Joe Mardin co-produced Queen Latifah, The Dana Owens Album[http://www.artistdirect.com/nad/store/artist/album/0,3042285,00.html#credits], , a Christmas album by singer/songwriter Jewel (he shared several roles on both albums including conductor, arranger, engineer, programming and orchestration), and the debut album of blind singer, songwriter, guitarist Raul Midón entitled State of Mind. Currently, he is producing Midón's second album for Manhattan Records, due out in September 2007.
Joe has also worked with Aretha Franklin, George Benson, Chaka Khan, Bette Midler, Daniel Rodriguez, among many othersJoe was a co-composer for "Caught in the Act" on Chaka Khan's I Feel For You album. His conducting credits include Whitney Houston's, album [http://www.artistdirect.com/nad/store/artist/album/0,990989,00.html#credits
He produced the documentary "" which is about the career of his father. It was directed by Doug Biro. 

</doc>
<doc id="6001805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001805" title="Tettenhall College">
Tettenhall College

Tettenhall College is a coeducational independent day and boarding school located in the Wolverhampton suburb of Tettenhall in England.
History.
The College was founded in 1863 by a group of prominent local businessmen and industrialists, most of who were associated with the Queen Street Congregational Church. Tettenhall Towers was built by Wolverhampton industrialist Colonel Thomas Thorneycroft as a house for him and his family. The Towers Theatre was originally a ballroom and has springs under the floor to make it a better dancing surface. The stage was built later on for the school when it started. The school was sold by the last member of the Thorneycroft family in 1942. The college's lower school building was completed in September 2000 and the science department in 2007.
Boarding.
There are two boarding houses: Thorneycroft (girls) and School House (boys). Less than 15% of pupils board. Most boarders are international pupils or children of military personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="6001819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001819" title="Zande">
Zande

Zande may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6001833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001833" title="WKNN-FM">
WKNN-FM

WKNN-FM (99.1 FM) is the heritage country radio station on the MS Gulf Coast, licensed to Pascagoula, Mississippi, USA, the station serves the Biloxi-Gulfport-Pascagoula area. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
Originally WPMO-FM prior to 1988 and owned by Starr Broadcasting (Peter Starr-Pres). Changed to WKNN-FM and the "K99-FM" moniker in 1988 under the direction of its then new general manager, Bob Lima (WQID/WVMI Biloxi, Mississippi). Lima transferred within the company to Daytona, Fl in 1992 and current General Manager Reggie Bates was named to the post. Starr Broadcasting sold to Multi-Market Radio in 1994. A series of mergers including AM-FM and Capstar led to Clear Channel Communications acquiring the station in 2001. Clear Channel currently owns and operates the station along with sister stations WMJY, WBUV and WQYZ

</doc>
<doc id="6001839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001839" title="Classe">
Classe

Classe may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6001845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001845" title="Ivaylo Mladenov">
Ivaylo Mladenov

Ivaylo Petkov Mladenov (; born 6 October 1973) is a retired Bulgarian long jumper, best known for his gold medal at the 1994 European Championships.
He was born in Vratsa and represented the club CSKA Sofia. He finished sixth at the 1991 European Junior Championships and wn the bronze medal at the 1992 World Junior Championships. He finished sixth at the 1993 World Indoor Championships, fifth at the 1993 World Championships, and second at the 1993 Grand Prix Final. In 1994 he finished fourth at the European Indoor Championships and won the European Championships.
He then finished eighth at both the 1995 World Championships and the 1995 Grand Prix Final. At the 1995 Military World Games he took a bronze medal. He did not reach the final at the 1995 World Indoor Championships or the 1996 Olympic Games. At the 1996 European Indoor Championships he qualified for the final, but did not start that. He competed at the 1999 World Championships without reaching the final.
He became Bulgarian champion in 1993 and 1994. His personal best jump was 8.33 metres, achieved in June 1995 in Seville. This is the Bulgarian record.

</doc>
<doc id="6001849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001849" title="Monkswood Valley">
Monkswood Valley

Monkswood Valley () is a 30.7 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Cold Ashton, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="6001863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001863" title="Nicolás Asencio">
Nicolás Asencio

Nicolás Geovanny Asencio Espinoza (born April 26, 1975 in Machala) is an Ecuadorian football striker who is a free agent.
He played for a several clubs, including his beloved Barcelona de Guayaquil. In Ecuador he also played for Aucas, El Nacional, Deportivo Cuenca, Macará and Deportivo Quito, in Mexico for Tecos UAG, in Colombia for Millonarios, in Chile for Cobreloa and also in Bolivia for Wilstermann.
National team.
Asencio played for the Ecuador national football team between 1995 and 2003 earning a total of 20 caps including one in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6001879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001879" title="Atheris nitschei">
Atheris nitschei

Atheris nitschei is a venomous viper species found in Africa from Uganda and adjacent DR Congo in the north to northern Malawi in the south. Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Etymology.
The specific name, "nitschei", is in honor of German zoologist Hinrich Nitsche, who died in 1902.
Description.
It is a relatively large and stout bush viper, growing to an average total length (body + tail) of and a maximum total length of at least . The males are smaller than the females.
Common names.
Great Lakes bush viper, Nitsche's bush viper, black and green bush viper, Nitsche's tree viper. sedge viper, green viper, bush viper.
Geographic range.
Central Africa from east DR Congo, Uganda and west Tanzania southward to north Malawi and north Zambia. 
The type locality is listed as ""Mpororosumpf, Deutsch-Ost-Afrika"" swamp, Tanzania-Rwanda border.
Habitat.
Found in wetland and meadow areas, and elephant grass marshes, along small streams, sometimes in scrub and bush in valleys at higher elevations, and in mountain forests up to the bamboo zone at 1,600-2,800 m (5,250-9,200 ft) altitude. Common in papyrus reed around small lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="6001893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001893" title="The Recruit (Dad's Army)">
The Recruit (Dad's Army)

The Recruit is the seventh episode of the sixth series of the British television sitcom "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on 12 December 1973.
Synopsis.
Captain Mainwaring is indisposed due to an ingrowing toenail, so Sergeant Wilson takes charge temporarily of the platoon. When, however, he allows the vicar and the verger to join the ranks, the rest of the men are far from happy.
Plot.
With Captain Mainwaring absent from the platoon, Sergeant Wilson signs on two new recruits into the platoon, the Vicar and the Verger. When Mainwaring returns from hospital, he learns of the changes that Wilson has made and does not approve. However he can do nothing about it as the official papers for the Vicar and Verger have already been sent to GHQ. Mainwaring states that he will not go easy on the two of them.
On their first night on watch, the Vicar and the Verger have a run in with a young boy who gives them nothing but trouble. Unable to handle the situation, they call for rest of the section, who identify the boy as a local trouble maker. Mainwaring arrives and asserts his authority on the boy and tells him to clear off. The boy states that he is going to "tell his Uncle Willie," who turns out to be the Chief Warden, Hodges.
Hodges confronts Mainwaring and his platoon about the way they treated his nephew. After a war of words breaks out between Hodges and the platoon, his nephew states that "they are as bad as the Wardens," which prompts Hodges to turn his anger on his nephew and they both storm out of the church hall. After having a laugh, Mainwaring turns to the Vicar and the Verger and states that "this never would have happened if you had handled the situation properly." Upset with Mainwaring's attitude, the Vicar resigns, prompting the Verger to do the same.
Notes.
This is the first episode not to feature James Beck (Walker), who was in a coma with acute pancreatitis during its recording. Beck died shortly thereafter; in this episode he is still credited during the end credits, but was removed from series 7 onwards. Walker's absence in this episode is explained by a note left in his place reading "Gone to the smoke" - this segment was hastily written into the script at the last minute by Jimmy Perry and David Croft when Beck became ill. Following this episode the character was never seen, heard from nor referred to again.

</doc>
<doc id="6001908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001908" title="Cerenzia">
Cerenzia

Cerenzia is a "comune" and town with a population of 1000 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
Economy.
Cerenzia relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses, and the intense the breeding of the cattle. 

</doc>
<doc id="6001913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001913" title="Saye">
Saye

Saye is a woollen cloth woven in the west and south of England in and around the 15th and 16th centuries. A suburb of Bristol, England is called Sea Mills, this was originally Saye Mills.
Samuel Pepys on June 21, 1661, recorded purchasing "green Say ... for curtains in my parler".
A related sort of cloth was [http://www.renaissancewoman.net/realmofvenus/seamstress/fabricglossary.htm] serica, which was finer, since it also contained silk.

</doc>
<doc id="6001918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001918" title="Milan Gombala">
Milan Gombala

Milan Gombala (born 29 January 1968 in Lučenec) is a retired Czech long jumper, best known for his silver medal at the 1994 European Championships. His personal best is 8.04 metres, achieved in August 1995 in Linz.

</doc>
<doc id="6001922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001922" title="List of pipe organ builders">
List of pipe organ builders

This is a list of notable pipe organ builders.
United States.
JF Nordlie Co. Sioux Falls SD

</doc>
<doc id="6001925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001925" title="5th Parachute Brigade (United Kingdom)">
5th Parachute Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 5th Parachute Brigade was an airborne forces formation of brigade strength, raised by the British Army during the Second World War. It was assigned to the 6th Airborne Division, serving alongside the 3rd Parachute Brigade and the 6th Airlanding Brigade.
The brigade first saw action in the Normandy landings, where it was responsible for capturing bridges over the Caen Canal and the River Orne in Operation Deadstick. The brigade remained in Normandy until September 1944, by which time it had advanced to the mouth of the River Seine. Its next engagement was in reaction to the surprise German offensive in the Ardennes, the Battle of the Bulge. This was followed by Operation Varsity, the last Allied airborne mission of the war. After this, the brigade advanced across Germany, reaching the Baltic Sea by the end of fighting in the European theatre.
The brigade was then sent to India as the division's advance party, but the war ended before it could begin operations. Instead the brigade became involved in disarming the Japanese forces in Malaya and Singapore, to restore British sovereignty. Its last operation was in Java, where it remained until a Dutch force arrived to take over. The brigade then rejoined the 6th Airborne Division, which was serving in Palestine, but was disbanded almost immediately afterwards.
Background.
Impressed by the success of German airborne operations during the Battle of France, the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill, directed the War Office to investigate the possibility of creating a force of 5,000 parachute troops. As a result, on 22 June 1940, No. 2 Commando assumed parachute duties, and on 21 November was re-designated the 11th Special Air Service Battalion, with a parachute and glider wing.
On 21 June 1940 the Central Landing Establishment was formed at Ringway airfield near Manchester. Although tasked primarily with training parachute troops, it was also directed to investigate the use of gliders to transport troops into battle. At the same time, the Ministry of Aircraft Production contracted General Aircraft Ltd to design and produce a glider for this purpose. The result was the General Aircraft Hotspur, an aircraft capable of transporting eight soldiers, that was used for both assault and training purposes.
The success of the first British airborne raid, Operation Colossus, prompted the War Office to expand the airborne force through the creation of the Parachute Regiment, and to develop plans to convert several infantry battalions into parachute and glider battalions. On 31 May 1941, a joint army and air force memorandum was approved by the Chiefs-of-Staff and Winston Churchill; it recommended that the British airborne forces should consist of two parachute brigades, one based in England and the other in the Middle East, and that a glider force of 10,000 men should be created.
Formation.
On 23 April 1943 the War Office authorised the formation of a second airborne division, which would be numbered the 6th Airborne Division. Under its command the division would have the existing 3rd Parachute Brigade, along with two airlanding battalions transferred from the 1st Airborne Division to form the nucleus of the new 6th Airlanding Brigade. To fill out the division, a new parachute brigade was raised on 1 July. Numbered the 5th Parachute Brigade, it was initially commanded by Brigadier Edwin Flavell, but on 5 July he was given command of the Airborne Forces Depot, and Brigadier Nigel Poett took over the brigade. In 1945, while the brigade was serving in the Far East, the brigade's last commander, Brigadier Kenneth Darling, took over from Poett.
The parachute battalions in the brigade were the experienced 7th (Light Infantry) Parachute Battalion, which was transferred from the 3rd Parachute Brigade, and two new parachute battalions, the 12th (Yorkshire) Parachute Battalion and the 13th (Lancashire) Parachute Battalion. These were line infantry converted to parachute duties, and had to undergo airborne forces selection and training at the Airborne Forces Deport. On formation, each battalion had an establishment of 556 men in three rifle companies; the companies were divided into a small headquarters and three platoons. Each platoon had three Bren machine guns and three 2-inch mortars, one of each per section. The only heavy weapons in the battalions were a 3 inch mortar platoon and a Vickers machine gun platoon. By 1944 a headquarters or support company was added to the battalion, comprising five platoons: motor transport, signals, mortar, machine-gun and anti-tank. This company had eight 3 inch mortars, four Vickers machine guns, and ten PIAT anti-tank projectors.
The brigade was supported by the 4th Airlanding Anti-Tank Battery from the Royal Artillery. This battery had three troops, equipped with four Ordnance QF 6 pounders each, and provided the brigade's only anti-tank guns. Later in the war, the battery was increased to five troops, three of them retaining the 6 pounder, while the other two had four Ordnance QF 17 pounders each. While the 6 pounder could fit inside the Horsa glider, the size and weight of the 17 pounder and its Morris C8 tractor unit required the larger Hamilcar glider. The 591st (Antrim) Parachute Squadron from the Royal Engineers and the 225th (Parachute) Field Ambulance of the Royal Army Medical Corps completed the brigade formation.
'D' Company from the 2nd Battalion Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry also served with the brigade for a one off mission in Normandy. At the end of the war, while serving in the Far East, the pathfinders of the 22nd Independent Parachute Company, and the Parachute Platoon from the Light Composite Company, Royal Army Service Corps, were attached to the brigade.
Operational history.
From June to December 1943, the brigade prepared for operations as part of the 6th Airborne Division, training at every level from section up to division by day and night. Airborne soldiers were expected to fight against superior numbers of the enemy, who would be equipped with artillery and tanks. Training was therefore designed to encourage a spirit of self-discipline, self-reliance and aggressiveness, with emphasis given to physical fitness, marksmanship and fieldcraft. A large part of the training consisted of assault courses and route marching. Military exercises included capturing and holding airborne bridgeheads, road or rail bridges and coastal fortifications. At the end of most exercises, the troops would march back to their barracks, usually a distance of around . An ability to cover long distances at speed was expected; airborne platoons were required to cover a distance of in 24 hours, and battalions .
In April 1944, under the command of 1st Airborne Corps, the brigade took part in Exercise Mush, in the counties of Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Wiltshire. This was an airborne military exercise spread over three days involving the 1st and 6th Airborne Divisions. Unknown to the 6th Airborne, it was a full scale rehearsal for the division's involvement in the imminent Normandy invasion. During the invasion, the division's two parachute brigades would land just after midnight on 6 June, while the 6th Airlanding Brigade arrived later in the day just before dark. The division's objective was to secure the left flank of the invasion area, by dominating the high ground in the area between the rivers Orne and Dives. For their part in the operation, the 5th Parachute Brigade had to capture intact the Caen Canal and the River Orne bridges. To assist the brigade in its mission, 'D' Company from the 2nd Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry was taken under its command to carry out a coup de main operation on the bridges.
D-Day.
Just after midnight on 6 June 1944, six Halifax bombers towing Horsa gliders, with the reinforced 'D' Company from the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry on board, crossed the French coast. Shortly afterwards, the tow ropes were released and five of the gliders landed in the strip of land between the Caen Canal and the River Orne. Major John Howard commanded the company for the assault, which in short order captured the Benouville and Ranville bridges intact, for the loss of two dead and several wounded. The intention was for this force to hold the bridges until relieved by the 7th Parachute Battalion. Next, Albermarle bombers carrying the 5th Parachute Brigade's pathfinders, a group from each battalion, and the brigade headquarters started to arrive over the drop zone (DZ). Some planes got lost and failed to reach the DZ or arrived late. Others were damaged before dropping all their paratroops and turned back, and one returned to base after failing to find the drop zone at all.
At 00:50 the brigade started landing at DZ-N, just north of Ranville. Equipment and navigational failures by the Royal Air Force pilots and the division's pathfinders resulted in the brigade being scattered all over the countryside. By 02:40 only around 40 per cent of the 7th Parachute Battalion had reached their assembly point. Unable to wait any longer, the battalion headed for the captured bridges, and established a defensive position in Benouville, the division's only position west of the Caen Canal. Most of the 12th Parachute Battalion landed on the eastern edge of the DZ, and only around 60 per cent of the battalion arrived at their assembly point. Their objective was to secure the village of Le Bas de Ranville, which was achieved by 04:00. The 13th Parachute Battalion could also only muster around 60 per cent of its strength on the DZ. This battalion had two objectives; to secure Ranville and to clear the DZ of obstacles for the division's gliders which were to land next.
By daybreak all the brigade's objectives had been secured. To the west of the Caen Canal, the 7th Parachute Battalion was attacked by tanks and armoured vehicles from the 21st Panzer Division. With no heavy weapons available, one Panzer IV that reached the centre of Benouville had to be destroyed using Gammon bombs. The battalion held out all morning against attacks by German tanks and infantry, and around noon the commandos from the 1st Special Service Brigade started arriving from Sword beach. The battalion was still being attacked from the south, but the commandos' arrival meant their northern flank was now relatively secure. On the eastern side of the bridges, the 12th Parachute Battalion had been under mortar and artillery fire and was then attacked by the 21st Panzer Division's 125th Panzer Grenadier Regiment, which withdrew after losing a tank; several German infantry were taken prisoner. A second German attack was also stopped, this time assisted by the 4th Airlanding Anti-Tank Battery, which destroyed three self propelled guns and a tank. The 13th Parachute Battalion secured Ranville, which had been held by a company from the German 711th Infantry Division, and was the first French village to be liberated during the landings. This battalion was also attacked by infantry and tanks, three of which were destroyed during the day. At 21:00 the 6th Airlanding Brigade arrived at two landing zones, one on each side of the Orne river. By the end of the day the 12th and 13th Parachute Battalions were still holding Le Bas de Ranville and Ranville. The 7th Parachute Battalion, after being relieved by the 3rd Infantry Division, was now in reserve, dug in along the western side of DZ-N. The 3rd Parachute Brigade was holding a ridge of high ground to the east of the 5th Parachute Brigade, and the 6th Airlanding Brigade were moving into position to their south. The north was covered by the 1st Special Service Brigade which was now under the 6th Airborne Division's command.
Orne bridgehead.
Because of their positioning, the 5th Parachute Brigade was largely protected by the 6th Airborne Division's other units, and did not suffer from the almost constant German attempts to dislodge the division. However, the 12th Parachute Battalion was attacked on 7 June by seven tanks and an infantry company. The attack was beaten off for the loss of three tanks, but caused several casualties amongst 'A' Company, including the crew of their only supporting 6 pounder anti-tank gun. Later the same day during an attack on the 13th Parachute Battalion, three German self-propelled guns were destroyed, and the next day the battalion destroyed another six attacking tanks. The 12th Battalion, Devonshire Regiment arrived by sea later in the day, and took over the 12th Parachute Battalion's position. The 7th and 12th Parachute Battalions and the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry now formed the divisional reserve. Elements from three German formations were responsible for the attacks on the division; the 21st Panzer Division and the 346th and 711th Infantry Divisions.
On 10 June a large German force assembled to the south west of Breville and at 09:00 attacked across DZ-N towards the bridges and the 13th Parachute Battalion. Waiting until the enemy were only away, the battalion opened fire. Supported by the mortars and Vickers machine guns of the 7th Parachute Battalion, 'C' Company from the 13th Parachute Battalion started a counterattack which drove the Germans away. The attack had cost the Germans 400 dead and 100 captured. Major-General Richard Gale, commander of the 6th Airborne Division, decided to try to drive the Germans out of the large woods at Le Mariquet, which were occupied by the 857th Grenadier Regiment, part of the 346th Infantry Division. The operation would be carried out by the 7th Parachute Battalion, supported by Sherman tanks from 'B' Squadron 13th/18th Royal Hussars. Two companies from the battalion entered the woods, while the tanks remained outside giving covering fire. By that evening the woods had been cleared. The cost to the 7th Parachute Battalion was only 10 men wounded, but the Hussars lost seven tanks, with 10 dead and five wounded. The German defenders had 20 men killed, and 100 prisoners were taken.
At the same time, the 3rd Parachute Brigade, supported by the 5th Battalion, Black Watch, were attempting to capture Breville, the only German held village on the high ground overlooking the British positions. By 12 June Breville was still in German hands, and Gale decided on one more attack, this time at night. This would be carried out by his only reserves; the 12th Parachute Battalion, now only 350 men strong, supported by the pathfinder company, a company from the 12th Devonshire Regiment, and a squadron of tanks from the 13th/18th Hussars. The attack would be supported by artillery fire from five regiments of artillery. The assault started at 22:00, and after fighting throughout the night the village was eventually captured. British casualties were heavy; the 12th Parachute Battalion lost 141 men, the Devons another 35. The 12th Parachute Battalion was now reduced to only 55 men in its three rifle companies, plus the Headquarters Company. Some casualties were victims of the British artillery falling short. These included the 12th Parachute Battalion's commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Johnny Johnson, who was killed. The same shell wounded Brigadiers Hugh Kindersley of the airlanding brigade and Lord Lovat of the commandos. The next day, 13 June, the 51st (Highland) Infantry Division crossed the waterways and took over the defence of the southern sector from the airlanding brigade. This, and the assignment of the 4th Special Service Brigade to the division, allowed one brigade at a time to go into reserve to rest. The first brigade withdrawn was the 3rd, and the 5th Parachute Brigade took over their positions on the ridge of high ground, between the 1st Special Service Brigade in the north and the Highland Division in the south.
Advance to the Seine.
After the capture of Breville the division was not attacked in force again, apart from an almost continuous artillery bombardment between 18 and 20 June. Further reinforcements arrived east of the River Orne on 20 July, when the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division moved into the line between the 6th Airborne and the Highland Division. On 7 August Gale was ordered to prepare the division to move over to the offensive, with its objective being the mouth of the River Seine. The three divisions east of the Orne together became I Corps; its commander, Lieutenant General John Crocker, knowing that the 6th Airborne had almost no artillery, vehicles or engineer equipment, did not expect it to advance very quickly. To reach the Seine, the division would have to cross three major rivers. There were two main lines of advance, the road running along the coast and another road further inland from Troarn to Pont Audemer. The commando brigade and the two parachute brigades would use the inland route, with the 3rd Parachute Brigade being responsible for the breakout when the time was right.
On 17 August the Germans had began to withdraw, and the 3rd Parachute Brigade started their attack at 03:00. By 18 August the brigade had crossed the River Dives and reached the outskirts of Goustranville. Here they halted, and the 5th Parachute Brigade took over the attack, their first objective being the village of Putot en Auge.
The 7th Parachute Battalion were to secure the ground to the east of the village. Delayed on the way, they ambushed a column of Germans advancing on them, before securing their objective. The 13th Parachute Battalion, which had been under fire for three hours, dashed across of open land into cover at the base of Hill 13. Then 'A' and 'B' Companies fixed bayonets and charged up the hill. Simultaneously, a German battalion, which had just arrived to reinforce the defenders, counterattacked causing several casualties. The two companies were forced to withdraw, closely followed by the enemy. The German counter-attack was halted by an artillery barrage, and Putot en Auge was captured by the combined forces of the 7th and 12th Parachute Battalions. They also took 120 German prisoners. The 3rd Parachute Brigade then resumed the advance towards Pont-l'Évêque on the River Touques. They were held up capturing Annebault, and the 5th Parachute Brigade moved to the front again, reaching Pont-l'Évêque at 12:00 on 22 August.
The River Touques has two branches running through the town, and the 13th Parachute Battalion were given the objective of establishing a bridgehead across the river. The battalion reached and safely crossed the westernmost branch, but heavy German resistance prevented them from securing the main part of the town. Overnight a patrol managed to cross the eastern branch, using a girder that had been left spanning the river when the bridge had been blown up. The patrol was then reinforced by 'A' and 'B' Companies, and fought a three hour battle trying to form a bridgehead. They were then withdrawn back across the river, where the 7th Parachute Battalion had dug in to form a defensive position. At the same time, the 12th Parachute Battalion had tried to cross the river using fords to secure Saint Julien and the nearby railway embankment. They, too, were stopped by heavy German fire, which pinned them down on the embankment, inflicting significant casualties; 16 dead and 50 wounded. As they were unable to proceed, brigade headquarters called off their attack, but the battalion had to wait until dark to pull back. The next day, 24 August, a patrol from the 7th Parachute Battalion discovered that the Germans had withdrawn during the night. The whole brigade crossed the river and advanced unopposed to Bourg, which was secured after a brief fight. The brigade was halted again and the commandos of 1st Special Service Brigade took over the lead. On 26 August, to provide some mobility, the Royal Netherlands Motorized Infantry Brigade was placed under the brigade's command. Together with the 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment, they headed for Pont Audmer, which was the brigade's final objective. The Dutch were ordered to move with all speed, but arrived 20 minutes after the retreating Germans had blown up the bridge across the River Seine, and just before the 7th Parachute Battalion arrived by foot.
In nine days of fighting the 6th Airborne Division had advanced , despite, as the divisional commander Major-General Gale put it, his infantry units being "quite inadequately equipped for a rapid pursuit,". They had captured of enemy held territory, and taken over 1,000 prisoners. Since landing on 6 June the division's casualties were 4,457, of which 821 were killed, 2,709 wounded and 927 missing. The 5th Parachute Brigade had 268 killed during the campaign. The division was withdrawn from France, and embarked for England at the beginning of September.
Ardennes.
In England the division went into a period of recruitment and training, concentrating on house-to-house street fighting in the bombed areas of Southampton and Birmingham. The training programme culminated in Exercise Eve, an assault on the River Thames, which was intended to simulate the River Rhine in Germany.
By December the brigade was preparing for Christmas leave, when news of the German offensive in the Ardennes broke. As part of the First Allied Airborne Army, 6th Airborne Division was available as a component of the strategic reserve for the Allied forces in northwest Europe. The other two divisions available in reserve, the American 82nd and 101st Airborne, were already at Rheims in northern France, and the 6th Airborne was sent by sea to Belgium to assist the defence. With 29 German and 33 Allied divisions involved, the Battle of the Bulge was the largest single battle on the Western Front during the war. On Christmas Day the division moved up to take position in front of the spearhead of the German advance; by Boxing Day they had reached their allocated places in the defensive line between Dinant and Namur. The 3rd Parachute Brigade were on the left, 5th Parachute Brigade on the right, and the 6th Airlanding Brigade in reserve. By the time they arrived in position the German advance had faltered.
The 5th Parachute Brigade was ordered towards Grupont, south of Rochefort, and on 3 January became involved in the division's only fighting in the Ardennes. By 13:30 the 13th Parachute Battalion had covered and was in position to assault the village of Bure. The battalion had been observed by the Germans, and was met with heavy fire as their attack started. The battalion's 'A' Company made for the village, while 'B' Company attempted to secure the heights overlooking it. 'B' Company, faced with infantry supported by tanks and artillery, suffered heavy casualties, and was reduced to 21 men by nightfall. By 17:00 'A' Company had secured around half the village, and were joined by 'C' Company. Over the following day the Germans launched fifteen separate assaults to try to retake the village, but the battalion held out. With reinforcements from 'C' Company of the 2nd Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, the remainder of the village was captured. The battalion was then ordered to withdraw; the battle had cost them 68 dead and 121 wounded. At the same time, the 7th Parachute Battalion was attacking the village of Wavreille, which was defended by around a hundred infantry with tank and artillery support. The village was captured with minimal casualties.
Over the next days the German advance was halted and forced back, until at the end of January 1945, the brigade moved into Holland. Here the division was made responsible for the area along the River Maas, between Venlo and Roermond. The brigade carried out patrols, on both sides of the river, against their opponents from the 7th Parachute Division. Near the end of February the division returned to England to prepare for another airborne mission, to cross the River Rhine into Germany.
Germany.
Whereas all other Allied airborne landings had been a surprise for the Germans, the Rhine crossing was expected and their defences were reinforced in anticipation. The airborne operation was preceded by a two day round-the-clock bombing mission by the Allied air forces. Then on 23 March 3,500 artillery guns targeted the German positions. At dusk Operation Plunder, an assault river crossing of the Rhine by the 21st Army Group, began. For their part in Operation Varsity, the 6th Airborne Division was assigned to the American XVIII Airborne Corps alongside the 17th Airborne Division.
Both airborne divisions began landing at the same time, 10:00 on 24 March 1945. The 6th Airborne were to protect the northern part of the landing area; they had six drop zones around the town of Hamminkeln. The plan was for them to secure the town, the high ground east of the village of Bergen, and bridges across the river IJssel. The 5th Parachute Brigade would land on the northernmost DZ, DZ-B, and hold the area east of the Wesel railway line.
The brigade arrived in the second wave of aircraft, after the 3rd Parachute Brigade, and the German anti-aircraft gunners were waiting for them. The parachute descent was made under fire, and the DZ itself was also subjected to artillery and mortar fire. The 7th Parachute Battalion suffered casualties from air burst artillery shells. Their section of the DZ was only from a battery of German 88 mm guns, which also targeted the brigade headquarters and the assembly areas of the 12th Parachute Battalion. The 7th Parachute Battalion secured the DZ, while the 12th and 13th Parachute Battalions headed for the brigade objective, the road from the DZ to Hamminkeln. By 15:00, despite fierce opposition, the brigade had secured its objectives, with a large number of prisoners taken, but had suffered around 700 casualties. Casualties for the division as a whole were 347 dead and 731 wounded. That night, the division was ordered to prepare to advance east into Germany from 26 March, when they were to be relieved by troops from the 52nd (Lowland) Infantry Division.
On 27 March the brigade led the division's advance. Their first objective, the village of Brünen, was unoccupied, so they pressed on to the next village, Erle, by that evening. The 7th Parachute Battalion was ordered to attack what was believed to be three self-propelled guns on the village outskirts, while the 13th Parachute Battalion captured the nearby high ground. As the 7th Parachute Battalion's leading platoon approached the guns, they were met with heavy fire from anti-aircraft and anti-tank guns. The battalion was forced to take cover and was unable to move forward; but when darkness came, they advanced and seized the position, capturing 60 prisoners, one anti-tank gun, 11 anti-aircraft guns and several light machine guns. Elsewhere, the 13th Parachute Battalion had captured the high ground and the 12th Parachute Battalion had moved across country, and were ready to assault Erle once daylight came. They attacked at dawn, and captured the village after a 15 minute fight. The brigade held these positions while the rest of the division passed through them to continue the advance. They then resumed the lead after the division crossed the Dortmund–Ems Canal towards Osnabruck, fighting several small engagements on the way. After the River Weser, the brigade again assumed the lead towards Leine. Supported by tanks from the 4th Armoured Battalion, Grenadier Guards, they captured two bridges at Bordenau and Neustadt, and fought a small battle at Wunstorf airfield. On 7 April the brigade was informed that they were the lead formation of 21st Army Group, having advanced further into Germany than any of its other units.
The 15th (Scottish) Infantry Division then took over from the 6th Airborne Division as the lead formation until 30 April when the airborne division once more resumed the advance, crossing the River Elbe over a bridge captured by the Scottish. The division's objective was Wismar on the Baltic Sea; the two parachute brigades advanced on separate routes to Gadebusch, aware that the brigade to arrive first would continue as the division's lead formation. By this stage of the war the advance was hampered more by refugees fleeing westwards than by any organised opposition. The 3rd Parachute Brigade won the race and led the division to Wismar, arriving on 1 May only 30 minutes before the lead troops of the Soviet Red Army advancing from the east. While the rest of the brigade remained at Wismar, 'B' Company of the 13th Parachute Battalion were sent to Denmark to liberate Copenhagen, arriving on 5 May. They remained in Copenhagen until the 1st Parachute Brigade arrived from England to relieve them.
Far East.
Now that the war in Europe was over, plans were made to form an airborne corps comprising the 6th Airborne Division and 44th Indian Airborne Division for service against Japanese forces in the Far East. The corps would be used in operations to recapture Malaya and Singapore. The division's advance party, based partly on the 5th Parachute Brigade, arrived in India in July 1945. The brigade travelled ahead of the rest of the division as it had been intended to use them for Operation Zipper, an independent mission in Burma. They would have landed in Malaya, between Singapore and the Japanese forces in Burma. Reinforcements would then arrive by sea and attack northwards and southwards, while the brigade carried out another airborne landing on Singapore itself. However, following the Japanese surrender, all these plans changed, and the remainder of the 6th Airborne Division were sent to Palestine. Instead of carrying out an airborne landing, the 5th Parachute Brigade travelled by sea, leaving Bombay on 9 September and arriving at Morib in Malaya on 17 September. Only the 7th and 12th Parachute Battalions landed, and they re-embarked the next day to sail for Singapore as part of Operation Tiderace; they arrived on 21 September. The brigade, now part of XV Corps, became the island's garrison. In December the 23rd Indian Infantry Division was sent from Seremban to Java, and the brigade was moved to replace them.
By 17 December the situation in Java had worsened, and the brigade was moved again, sent as reinforcements to assist the Indian division. They arrived at Batavia three days later. The brigade's mission was to restore law and order and disarm the Japanese military forces in the area. They were told to expect to remain in Java until relieved by units of the Royal Netherlands Army. Under the command of the 23rd Indian Infantry Division, the brigade carried out Operation Pounce, clearing the town and surrounding region of dissidents. In January 1946 they were moved to garrison Semarang.
At the time Semarang had a population of around 210,000, a mixture of Indonesians, Chinese, Koreans, Dutch and Japanese. During the fighting before the brigade's arrival considerable damage had been caused to the town's infrastructure. There were no public utilities or medical services, food or water, so the brigade's engineers and medics were tasked to rectify the situation. To protect the inhabitants, the brigade's three battalions established a defensive perimeter around the outskirts of the town. Their main concern was Indonesian nationalists whose stated aim was to "slaughter all the Dutch and Chinese". To assist with security, a Japanese battalion was rearmed and given a sector of the defences to man. The 4th Anti-Tank Battery carried out patrols inside the town limits, while the Royal Army Service Corps platoon distributed food supplies. The brigade remained in Semarang until relieved by the Dutch 'T' Brigade Group on 26 April 1946, and then returned to Singapore.
Mutiny and disbandment.
On their return from Java, the 13th Parachute Battalion was stationed at Muar Camp in Malaya. The camp consisted of tents with no electricity, and no facilities for washing, cooking or recreation. Unhappy with the conditions, at 07:00 on 14 May around 260 privates grouped together and refused to disperse when ordered to do so by the orderly officer. The commanding officer then spoke to the men and ordered them to return to duty, which they again refused to do. That afternoon the commanding general arrived and spoke to them. They were then ordered to fall in and when they failed to comply, 258 men were taken into military custody. A Court of Inquiry was held which decided the 258 men were to stand trial for mutiny. In the trial, three men were acquitted, eight were sentenced to five years' penal servitude and discharged from the army, and the rest were given two years imprisonment with hard labour and discharged. Two days after sentencing, the Secretary of State for War quashed all the convictions, stating that the Judge Advocate-General had advised him that there were, "a number of irregularities of a substantial nature which may well have prejudiced the accused individually. These irregularities in his opinion rendered the trial as a whole so unsatisfactory that the convictions ought not to be allowed to stand."
The brigade spent two months in Malaya, before being ordered to rejoin the 6th Airborne Division in Palestine. The 13th Parachute Battalion was disbanded before leaving Malaya, and the remainder of the brigade arrived at Nathanya in Palestine on 5 August 1946. Shortly after disembarking, orders were received that the brigade was to be disbanded. Of the two remaining parachute battalions, the 7th was amalgamated with the 17th Parachute Battalion, retaining the number of the senior battalion, and the 12th Parachute Battalion was disbanded. Any men not immediately demobbed were distributed among the other battalions in the division. On 13 September, the 22nd Independent Parachute Company, no longer part of the brigade by this time, was also disbanded.
Territorial Army.
In 1947, a new 5th Parachute Brigade (Territorial) was raised as part of the Territorial Army and assigned to the 16th Airborne Division. It comprised the 12th Battalion Parachute Regiment, the 17th Battalion Parachute Regiment and the 18th Battalion Parachute Regiment. In 1950, the brigade was renumbered the 45th Parachute Brigade (TA).

</doc>
<doc id="6001935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001935" title="San Mauro Marchesato">
San Mauro Marchesato

San Mauro Marchesato is a town with a population of 2002 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy. It is in the centre of Marchesato. This page is from Saverio Francesco Rumore.

</doc>
<doc id="6001950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001950" title="Danny Cullip">
Danny Cullip

Danny Cullip (born 17 September 1976 in Bracknell) is an English former footballer. Cullip, a centre-back, made more than 350 appearances in the Football League, including more than 200 appearances for Brighton & Hove Albion.
Career.
Cullip began his career with Oxford United but left the club in 1996 before playing his first game, signing for Fulham, who were then in Division 3, manager Micky Adams guided Fulham to 2nd place in the league and promotion in that season. Cullip played 41 games in 18 months at Craven Cottage before signing for Brentford in February 1998 for £75,000. Cullip was at Brentford for the rest of the 97–98 season playing 15 times for the club, in September 1998 he was sent on a month's loan to Brighton and the four games he played convinced them to spend £50,000 securing his services. During his time at Brighton, he became something of a hero, being crowned their Player of the Year on two occasions. Cullip played in total 212 games for the Sussex club scoring six times. Cullip rejected the offer of a new contract at Brighton in December 2004 and joined Sheffield United for a fee of £250,000, scoring his first goal for Sheffield United in the memorable 3–1 FA Cup win over Aston Villa. Three months later in March 2005, he joined Watford on loan as part of the deal that took Danny Webber to Bramall Lane. 
Cullip joined Nottingham Forest for an undisclosed fee in August 2005, signing a three-year contract. Partially owing to the lack of a pre-season with the club Cullip picked up several injuries at the beginning of his City Ground career, most notably to his hamstrings; however when selected he was a valued member of the central defence at the club. The injuries restricted him to just nine starts in the 2005–6 season as Forest struggled. In 2006-7 Cullip began as an integral part of Colin Calderwood's three man defence (alongside Ian Breckin and Wes Morgan) and started Forest's first eight games (during which the side only conceded two goals – one of which to Cullip's former side Brighton) – however against Yeovil Cullip picked up yet another injury and was substituted after 23 minutes.
Cullip moved to Championship club Queens Park Rangers in January 2007 on an 18 month contract. After becoming surplus to requirements under Luigi De Canio, his contract was terminated with immediate effect. In February 2008, two months after being released by Queens Park Rangers, he joined Gillingham on a non contract basis until the end of the 2007–08 season. He made his debut on 23 February in a 1–0 home win over Huddersfield Town. He left Gillingham at the end of the 2007–08 season. He joined Conference National club Lewes in July 2008, but after one season with the club, sustained a hamstring injury which eventually forced his retirement in March 2010.
Cullip is now working as a coach for Brighton & Hove Albion whilst also helping out at Worthing College running their academy 2nd team.

</doc>
<doc id="6001954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001954" title="Ángel Fernández">
Ángel Fernández

Ángel Oswaldo Fernández Vernaza (born 2 August 1971) is an Ecuadorian footballer. He played 77 games for the Ecuador national team between 1991 and 2004.
Fernández was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and played at the Copa América 1991, 1993, 1997, and 2001.
He played his entire club career in Ecuador. His main clubs were Emelec and Nacional Quito.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6001961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001961" title="Virginia Department of Corrections">
Virginia Department of Corrections

The Virginia Department of Corrections (VADOC) is the government agency responsible for operating prisons and correctional facilities in the United States Commonwealth of Virginia. The agency is fully accredited by the American Correctional Association and is one of the oldest functioning correctional agencies in the United States. Its headquarters is located in Richmond.
History.
From the time of the first settlement at Jamestown to the relocation of the state capital to Richmond in the late 18th century, Virginia relied upon corporal and capital punishment as its penal measures. Gradually, Virginia began to use small county jails for sentences of confinement.
After the Revolutionary War, Thomas Jefferson began to urge Virginia to construct a "penitentiary house." At that time, penitentiary houses were being used throughout Europe to confine and reform criminals. However, for more than a decade, the Virginia General Assembly ignored Jefferson's ideas.
In 1796, a wave of reform swept the Virginia Legislature, and Benjamin Latrobe was hired to design a penitentiary house for the newly formed Virginia Department of Welfare and Institutions. Latrobe's facility was constructed on a site outside of Richmond overlooking the James River. The facility, which received its first prisoners in 1800 and was completed (with prison labor) in 1804, was known by generations of Virginians as the Virginia State Penitentiary or "The Pen." The structure later burned and was torn down in 1905. A new facility was built and operated continuously until being demolished in 1992. In 1896, a farm operation (James River Correctional Center) was established in Goochland County for "miscreants and the infirm." This facility closed April 1, 2011, but James River Work Center continues to operate in that same location today.
Community Corrections officially began in Virginia on October 1, 1942 as the Probation and Parole Services Agency, with the employees of the division referred to as Probation and Parole Officers. By an act of the Virginia Legislature in 1944, the VADOC was officially formed out of the former Virginia Department of Welfare and Institutions, the Virginia Parole Board, and the Virginia Department of Probation and Parole Services. Today, the VADOC oversees the operations of the Commonwealth's corrections facilities.
Organizational structure.
The VADOC is an agency of the Virginia Office of Public Safety. Virginia Secretary of Public Safety Marla Decker oversees 12 government agencies, including the VADOC. The VADOC's department director Harold Clarke came to Virginia after serving as the Nebraska Department of Corrections Director, the Secretary of the Washington State Department of Corrections, and the Commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Corrections. He was appointed as Director of the VADOC by Governor Bob McDonnell in October 2010, and began his term in November 2010.
Underneath the director are three divisions — Operations, Re-entry & Programs and Communication, and Administration — each overseen by a deputy director.
Re-entry initiative.
In May 2010, Governor McDonnell signed Executive Order Number Eleven establishing the Virginia Prisoner and Juvenile Offender Re-entry Council. The Council was formed to tie together the re-entry initiative amongst the state agencies, local agencies, and community organizations. The Secretary of Public Safety then composed a task force to further develop the Virginia Adult Re-entry Initiative, or VARI. The plan gave directions for streamlining services, shifting some organizational practices, and establishing new ways to measure achievement while keeping with the public safety practices, which Governor McDonnell listed as top priority.
Through the Re-entry Program, offenders are evaluated upon arrival to the facility to determine the best strategy for their re-entry preparation plan. They are also tested to determine their risk for recidivism. An initial Re-entry Case Plan is developed and typically updated depending on the offender's actions. Workshops and programs are made available to prepare the offender for re-entry into the community.
Currently, there are 32,000 offenders housed in VADOC facilities. A 2011 study showed among the 36 states that report felon recidivism — defined as re-imprisonment within three years of release — Virginia has the fourth lowest recidivism rate in the United States.
Facilities.
List of Virginia state prisons
Death row.
The male death row is at Sussex I State Prison, while the female death row is at the Fluvanna Correctional Center for Women. The execution chamber is at Greensville Correctional Center. On August 3, 1998, the male death row moved from Mecklenburg Correctional Center to its current location.
Legal issues and controversies.
Human Rights Watch: Red Onion.
A 1999 report by Human Rights Watch raised concerns over conditions at Red Onion State Prison. The report states that "the Virginia Department of Corrections has failed to embrace basic tenets of sound correctional practice and laws protecting inmates from abusive, degrading or cruel treatment" and claims that "racism, excessive violence and inhumane conditions reign inside."
ADA Compliance (Minnis et al v. Johnson et al).
In January 2010, complaints against the VADOC were filed in US District Court stating deaf and hard of hearing inmates could not properly communicate with friends and family outside the facility, had no visual notifications for safety announcements in the facilities, and had limited access to sign-language interpreters. In November 2010, after reviewing the complaints, the VADOC became the first corrections department in the country to install videophones, allowing deaf and hard of hearing inmates to communicate with friends and family outside the facility. In addition, sign language versions of rules, proceedings, medical appointments, meals, and events were also made available, and interpreters were brought in twice a week.
Reading Material Restrictions (Couch v. Jabe et al).
The department permits the circulation of some softcore magazines such as "Playboy". Previously, some classic literature books, such as "Ulysses" by James Joyce and "Lady Chatterley's Lover" by D. H. Lawrence, were banned. In 2010, as a result of a lawsuit filed by an inmate, a federal court instructed the agency to begin permitting the circulation of the books.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Virginia Department of Corrections, 13 officers have died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="6001966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001966" title="Verzino">
Verzino

Verzino is a "comune" and town in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, southern Italy.
Economy.
Verzino relies on the production of oil, wine, cereals, citruses, and the breeding of the cattle.
Verzino built by the Oenotrians or Greek hero Philoctetes, who, according to a legend, after the fall of Troy, arrived with his men in the presila and founded together with other small towns Chone, including Vertinae. Around 500 BC Verzino passed from usd85 domination of Crotoniati who arrived in the village, "exploited the mines of sulphur and iron, silver and alabaster quarries and a water source existing therein sulphur. The territory was still known for the land called Ripoli that were clean, and the joys for medicinal herbs. The game was also abundant in the mountains ". The Verzinesi lived in small pantalitiche, shelves of caves linked by footpaths, that still can be seen on the western flank of the hill called Spur where the historic centre is enclosed. "As Casale di Cariati followed the feudal events from Sangiorgio (1291), Ruffo (1417), Gerolimo, Viscount of Cariati (1479), Spinelli who in 1668 the alienated to courteous." After confiscation by the Bourbons to Duke Nicholas Polite macchiatosi of felony, the fief of Verzino spent part of the assets of the Royal Crown. The year 1746. Our ancestors had to nail the Raptor feudatory, knew a period of quiet and industrious life, although not long lasting. Was the custom in that historical period that the fiefs confiscated State offenders were administered by a Royal General Administrator who provided to rent to people of his confidence, called Regi Conductors. So in 1782 he was appointed as conductor of the fief of regio Verzino, don Nicola Barberio Toscano from San Giovanni in Fiore. The new Baron was a wicked man and especially Raptor, worthy continuer of the famous "Wolves" that dissanguarono our distant ancestors. Driven by greed to buy the fief, plan that succeeded in 1804, not missed, as Regio Conductor before and as Baron then, to make life hard for settlers who already had lost as a result of the different steps of administrationmany feudal land rights: grazing, water, allignamento etc. While the Bourbons, however, left to live, the new landlord gave to all manner of iniquity and violence which fed the suffering of the inhabitants of the fief and to determine the rebellion. Began to protest openly and in 1796, when Napoleon overlooked in Italy, he sent a delegation to the King of Naples to represent the poor living conditions of our populations. To guide you can find the figure of a courageous supporter of popular rights, priest don Vincent Arcuri Savelli then casale di Verzino, scholarly person and estimated by all for his exemplary conduct. The protest angered not the Overlord, who retaliated in a ruthless on poor priest. So capture by his scherani, he was exposed to a ferocious martyrdom. The Congress of Vienna and the consequent restoration report the employment problem of the land to their previous state. The flurry of 1848 is meant more than political-national socio-economic sense. For our populations was always alive to the problem of the land and the moti rivoluzionari offered an opportunity to resume the arbitrary land occupation begun in 1806 following the Act of subversive of feudalism.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="6001989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6001989" title="Everett Peck">
Everett Peck

Everett Peck is an American illustrator, cartoonist and animator. He is best known as the creator of "Duckman" and "Squirrel Boy".
Career.
Peck's drawings have appeared in "The New Yorker", "Playboy", and "Time", as well as numerous books, comics and movie posters. He has participated in gallery shows in Tokyo, Los Angeles, New York, and Washington, D.C., and has written animated cartoons for "Rugrats", "The Critic", and a series based on one of his own cartoon characters: "Duckman".
Originally created as a comic book that was first published by Dark Horse in 1990, in 1994 Duckman was turned into an animated series for the USA Network. During its four year run, it won the CableACE Award, and was nominated for four Emmys.
Peck also created the Cartoon Network series "Squirrel Boy", which ran from 2006 to 2007, although it was not as critically acclaimed as "Duckman".
Additional work includes character design for the animated TV series "Jumanji", a slew of print ads for Nike and Honda, and several station IDs for UPN.
Samples of Peck's personal sketches appear in the book "It's Not My Fault" 1-59617-461-7, a companion piece to his 2011 solo exhibition at the Oceanside Museum of Art.
He currently resides at San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6002008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002008" title="Kideo TV">
Kideo TV

Kideo TV was a 1986 syndicated anthology packaging by DIC Entertainment and LBS Communications, which premiered in April of that year with "Rainbow Brite", "Popples", and "Ulysses 31".
Overview.
Scheduling history.
The latter show was dropped in September and replaced with reruns of "The Get Along Gang". (Jeff Lenburg, in his "The Encyclopedia of Animated Cartoons", erroneously claims that "The Get-Along Gang" was dropped in favor of "Rainbow Brite".) In May 1987, "Rainbow Brite" was replaced with "Lady Lovelylocks and the Pixietails".
Hosts.
The show was hosted by four youths in auto racing attire with chassis on their shoulders. They included a boy, 4U (Mark Hennessy) and a girl, Euphoria, who were the "good kids" of the show, and they taught lessons to the reckless Fast Lane, a fiery-haired teen with a flame-decorated chassis on his shoulders and the chubby, impressionable Couch Potato. In one episode, Couch Potato started drinking beer with a number of other kids (off-screen) so they can all vomit on an old lady's plant. He admits that to him, beer tastes like soap, so they easily convince him to stop drinking, and he vows to tell the woman why her plant died. These sketches were under five minutes in length, and their lessons were restated by Bob Keeshan, and the youths also did commercial bumpers. While this material was originally credited, no resources have made note of who was involved, and it is omitted from rerun packages. None of the actors except Hennesy have yet included it on their online CVs, suggesting possible embarrassment over the costuming or juvenile and ephemeral nature of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="6002013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002013" title="Classen (surname)">
Classen (surname)

Classen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6002026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002026" title="Symplectic sum">
Symplectic sum

In mathematics, specifically in symplectic geometry, the symplectic sum is a geometric modification on symplectic manifolds, which glues two given manifolds into a single new one. It is a symplectic version of connected summation along a submanifold, often called a fiber sum.
The symplectic sum is the inverse of the symplectic cut, which decomposes a given manifold into two pieces. Together the symplectic sum and cut may be viewed as a deformation of symplectic manifolds, analogous for example to deformation to the normal cone in algebraic geometry.
The symplectic sum has been used to construct previously unknown families of symplectic manifolds, and to derive relationships among the Gromov–Witten invariants of symplectic manifolds.
Definition.
Let formula_1 and formula_2 be two symplectic formula_3-manifolds and formula_4 a symplectic formula_5-manifold, embedded as a submanifold into both formula_1 and formula_2 via
such that the Euler classes of the normal bundles are opposite:
In the 1995 paper that defined the symplectic sum, Robert Gompf proved that for any orientation-reversing isomorphism
there is a canonical isotopy class of symplectic structures on the connected sum
meeting several conditions of compatibility with the summands formula_12. In other words, the theorem defines a symplectic sum operation whose result is a symplectic manifold, unique up to isotopy.
To produce a well-defined symplectic structure, the connected sum must be performed with special attention paid to the choices of various identifications. Loosely speaking, the isomorphism formula_13 is composed with an orientation-reversing symplectic involution of the normal bundles of formula_4 (or rather their corresponding punctured unit disk bundles); then this composition is used to glue formula_1 to formula_2 along the two copies of formula_4.
Generalizations.
In greater generality, the symplectic sum can be performed on a single symplectic manifold formula_18 containing two disjoint copies of formula_4, gluing the manifold to itself along the two copies. The preceding description of the sum of two manifolds then corresponds to the special case where formula_20 consists of two connected components, each containing a copy of formula_4.
Additionally, the sum can be performed simultaneously on submanifolds formula_22 of equal dimension and meeting formula_4 transversally.
Other generalizations also exist. However, it is not possible to remove the requirement that formula_4 be of codimension two in the formula_12, as the following argument shows.
A symplectic sum along a submanifold of codimension formula_26 requires a symplectic involution of a formula_26-dimensional annulus. If this involution exists, it can be used to patch two formula_26-dimensional balls together to form a symplectic formula_26-dimensional sphere. Because the sphere is a compact manifold, a symplectic form formula_30 on it induces a nonzero cohomology class
But this second cohomology group is zero unless formula_32. So the symplectic sum is possible only along a submanifold of codimension two.
Identity element.
Given formula_18 with codimension-two symplectic submanifold formula_4, one may projectively complete the normal bundle of formula_4 in formula_18 to the formula_37-bundle
This formula_39 contains two canonical copies of formula_4: the zero-section formula_41, which has normal bundle equal to that of formula_4 in formula_18, and the infinity-section formula_44, which has opposite normal bundle. Therefore one may symplectically sum formula_45 with formula_46; the result is again formula_18, with formula_41 now playing the role of formula_4:
So for any particular pair formula_45 there exists an identity element formula_39 for the symplectic sum. Such identity elements have been used both in establishing theory and in computations; see below.
Symplectic sum and cut as deformation.
It is sometimes profitable to view the symplectic sum as a family of manifolds. In this framework, the given data formula_1, formula_2, formula_4, formula_56, formula_57, formula_13 determine a unique smooth formula_59-dimensional symplectic manifold formula_60 and a fibration
in which the central fiber is the singular space
obtained by joining the summands formula_12 along formula_4, and the generic fiber formula_65 is a symplectic sum of the formula_12. (That is, the generic fibers are all members of the unique isotopy class of the symplectic sum.)
Loosely speaking, one constructs this family as follows. Choose a nonvanishing holomorphic section formula_67 of the trivial complex line bundle
Then, in the direct sum
with formula_70 representing a normal vector to formula_4 in formula_12, consider the locus of the quadratic equation
for a chosen small formula_74. One can glue both formula_75 (the summands with formula_4 deleted) onto this locus; the result is the symplectic sum formula_65.
As formula_78 varies, the sums formula_65 naturally form the family formula_80 described above. The central fiber formula_81 is the symplectic cut of the generic fiber. So the symplectic sum and cut can be viewed together as a quadratic deformation of symplectic manifolds.
An important example occurs when one of the summands is an identity element formula_39. For then the generic fiber is a symplectic manifold formula_18 and the central fiber is formula_18 with the normal bundle of formula_4 "pinched off at infinity" to form the formula_37-bundle formula_39. This is analogous to deformation to the normal cone along a smooth divisor formula_4 in algebraic geometry. In fact, symplectic treatments of Gromov–Witten theory often use the symplectic sum/cut for "rescaling the target" arguments, while algebro-geometric treatments use deformation to the normal cone for these same arguments.
However, the symplectic sum is not a complex operation in general. The sum of two Kähler manifolds need not be Kähler.
History and applications.
The symplectic sum was first clearly defined in 1995 by Robert Gompf. He used it to demonstrate that any finitely presented group appears as the fundamental group of a symplectic four-manifold. Thus the category of symplectic manifolds was shown to be much larger than the category of Kähler manifolds.
Around the same time, Eugene Lerman proposed the symplectic cut as a generalization of symplectic blow up and used it to study the symplectic quotient and other operations on symplectic manifolds.
A number of researchers have subsequently investigated the behavior of pseudoholomorphic curves under symplectic sums, proving various versions of a symplectic sum formula for Gromov–Witten invariants. Such a formula aids computation by allowing one to decompose a given manifold into simpler pieces, whose Gromov–Witten invariants should be easier to compute. Another approach is to use an identity element formula_39 to write the manifold formula_18 as a symplectic sum
A formula for the Gromov–Witten invariants of a symplectic sum then yields a recursive formula for the Gromov–Witten invariants of formula_18.

</doc>
<doc id="6002029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002029" title="Luis Gómez (footballer)">
Luis Gómez (footballer)

Luis Oswaldo Gómez Cáceres (born 20 April 1972 in Guayaquil), nicknamed "El Chino" ("the Chinese") is a retired Ecuadorian footballer.
He played mostly for Barcelona Guayaquil, Deportivo Quito and for LDU Quito. In Argentina, he played in Ferro Carril Oeste.
He played for the Ecuador national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6002033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002033" title="Extreme cinema">
Extreme cinema

Extreme cinema is a type of film containing, for example, sex of an extreme nature. In recent years, many of the violent films coming out of Asia (particularly Hong Kong, Japan and South Korea) have been put in this category.
Some of the more notable "extreme" filmmakers include Takashi Miike, Park Chan Wook, Shinya Tsukamoto, Sion Sono and Kim Ki Duk.

</doc>
<doc id="6002040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002040" title="FreeSWITCH">
FreeSWITCH

FreeSWITCH is free and open source communications software for the creation of voice and messaging products. It is licensed under the Mozilla Public License (MPL), a free software license. Its core library, libfreeswitch, is capable of being embedded into other projects, as well as being used as a stand-alone application.
History.
The FreeSWITCH project was first announced in January 2006 at O'Reilly Media's ETEL Conference. In June 2007, FreeSWITCH was selected by Truphone for use, and in August 2007, Gaboogie announced that it selected FreeSWITCH as its conferencing platform.
FreeSWITCH's first official 1.0.0 release (Phoenix) was on May 26, 2008. A minor 1.0.1 patch release came out on July 24, 2008. At ClueCon 2012 Anthony Minessale announced the release of FreeSWITCH version 1.2.0 and that the FreeSWITCH development team had adopted separate stable (version 1.2) and development (version 1.3) branches.
Design.
According to the lead designer, Anthony Minessale, FreeSWITCH is intended to be a softswitch that is built on top of a solid core, driven by a state machine. The stated goals of the project include stability, scalability, and abstraction.
To eliminate complexity, FreeSWITCH uses freely available software libraries that perform needed functions. Some dependencies are:
Not all of these software dependencies are required to build the core "freeswitch" application, but are dependencies of various external modules, such as codecs. FreeSWITCH is a modular application, in which modules can extend the functionality but the abstraction layer prevents inter-module dependency. The goal is to ensure that one module is not required to load another.
Features.
FreeSWITCH includes many modules that provide many telephony applications, such as conferencing, XML-RPC control of live calls, interactive voice response (IVR), speech synthesis and speech recognition, public switched telephone network (PSTN) interfaces for analogue and digital circuits, voice over IP protocols including Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), Skinny Client Control Protocol (SCCP), H.323, Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP), GoogleTalk, T.38 and others.
FreeSWITCH provides an application programming interface that exposes primitives for call control and IVR functionality. Applications may be written in the C language, C++, Python, Perl, Lua, JavaScript, Java and Microsoft .NET via Microsoft's CLR or via Mono.
Call control applications can use the Event Socket, which is an Internet socket-based communications facility within FreeSWITCH providing a language independent interface. The Event Socket Library (ESL) and "ESL-wrappers" are available for Erlang, JavaScript, Lua, Perl, PHP, Python, and Ruby.
As of FreeSWITCH version 1.4, support exists for WebRTC.
Codec Support.
FreeSWITCH supports a variety of audio codecs:
FreeSWITCH supports several video codecs:
Some codecs are implemented in pass-through mode only. This means that the raw compressed data is passed through between callers, without any processing. This allows some codecs to be supported which cannot be provided freely due to patent licensing issues, since the data is never encoded or decoded. However, these codecs cannot be transcoded (i.e. both callers must use the same codec when using a pass-through codec, and some recording and playback functions such as IVR are not supported).
The software supports hardware transcoding cards, such as produced by Sangoma. These implement codecs in hardware, reducing the CPU usage of the server. Some of these codecs are fully licensed, providing an alternative to the passthrough options above.
Comparison with other telephony software.
FreeSWITCH occupies a space between pure switches which simply route calls, such as GnuGK and SER, and those which are primarily PABXes or IVRs, such as Asterisk and its derivatives. FreeSWITCH provides building blocks from which applications – such as a PABX, a voicemail system, a conferencing system or a calling card – can be built using any of the supported languages.
Derived products.
FreeSWITCH is a core component in many "PABX in a box" commercial products and open-source projects. Some of the commercial products are hardware and software bundles, for which the manufacturer supports and releases the software as open source. 
Examples are the Barracuda Networks CudaTel VOIP PBX series and the Gemeinschaft_(PBX).
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6002050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002050" title="Chinedu Obasi">
Chinedu Obasi

Chinedu Ogbuke Obasi (born 1 June 1986) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Bundesliga club Schalke 04.
Early career.
Obasi went to Norway at the same time as his countryman John Obi Mikel; both players joining Lyn. On 20 December 2006, a transfer deal was announced with Lokomotiv Moscow and Obasi was set to move to the Russian side in January. The deal was derailed, however, when the president, sporting director and manager of Lokomotiv were all fired six days later.
On 27 August 2007, he moved to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim for an undisclosed fee.
Schalke 04.
On 23 December 2011, it was confirmed that Obasi was going on loan to Schalke 04 until the end of the season.
Honours.
International
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6002052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002052" title="Quenstedtite">
Quenstedtite

Quenstedtite is an uncommon iron sulfate mineral with chemical formula Fe2(SO4)3·10H2O. It forms violet or white triclinic crystals. Found in oxidized zones of pyrite-rich orebodies, especially in arid climates. It was first reported in 1888 for an occurrence in Tierra Amarilla, Copiapó Province, Atacama Region, Chile and named by G. Linck in 1889 for the German mineralogist F. A. von Quenstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="6002056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002056" title="Technology and Culture">
Technology and Culture

Technology and Culture is a quarterly academic journal founded in 1959. It is an official publication of the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT), whose members routinely refer to it as "T&C." Besides scholarly articles and critical essays, the journal publishes reviews of books and museum exhibitions. Occasionally, the journal publishes thematic issues; topics have included patents, gender and technology, and ecology. "Technology and Culture" has had three past editors-in-chief: Melvin Kranzberg (1959–1981), Robert C. Post (1982–1995), and John M. Staudenmaier (1995–2010). The current editor is Suzanne Moon (University of Oklahoma).
In its inaugural issue, editor Melvin Kranzberg set out a threefold educational mission for the journal: "to promote the scholarly study of the history of technology, to show the relations between technology and other elements of culture, and to make these elements of knowledge available and comprehensible to the educated citizen." No journal then in existence had as its primary focus the history of technology and its relations with society and culture. To adequately address these topics in all their complexity, a truly interdisciplinary approach was needed. And this was to be the unique contribution of "Technology and Culture".

</doc>
<doc id="6002078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002078" title="Umboi Island">
Umboi Island

Umboi (also named Rooke or Siassi) is a volcanic island between the mainland of Papua New Guinea and the island of New Britain. It is separated from New Britain by Dampier Strait and Huon Peninsula, New Guinea Island by Vitiaz Strait. It has an elevation of 1,548 m. Umboi is a Holocene complex volcano with no historic eruptions. A complex volcano refers to the extensive assemblage of spatially, temporally, and genetically related major and minor volcanic centers with their associated lava and pyroclastic flows.
Languages are Papuan Kovai and Austronesian Mbula and Arop-Lokep.
It is said (by some natives and by some American investigators) to be the home of the Ropen, a nocturnal creature, more pterosaur-like than bat-like, that eats fish, according to the book "Searching For Ropens"

</doc>
<doc id="6002102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002102" title="Borut Bilač">
Borut Bilač

Borut Bilač (born 14 April 1965 in Postojna) is a retired Slovenian long jumper, best known for finishing ninth at the 1992 Olympic Games. 
His personal best is 8.24 metres, achieved in July 1990. He is married to high jumper Britta Bilač.

</doc>
<doc id="6002104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002104" title="Lee Barrow">
Lee Barrow

Lee Alexander Barrow (born 1 May 1973 in Belper, Derbyshire) was an English footballer, and is currently player-manager at Midland Football Alliance side Heather St John's.
Playing career.
Barrow began his career as an apprentice with Notts County, turning professional in July 1991, though in August 1992 he moved to Scarborough having not yet made his league debut. After only 11 games for Scarborough, Barrow moved to Torquay United in February 1993, soon establishing himself as a first-team regular. 
In September 1997, he moved to League of Wales side Barry Town for a fee of £7,500, very quickly becoming a firm favourite amongst the Barry supporters. In the 2000 close-season, after 3 very successful seasons at Barry where he played in Europe and won two Welsh league titles, he moved to Aberystwyth Town remaining with the Parc Avenue side until December 2001 when he joined Hednesford Town.
He moved to Stafford Rangers in June 2002, but in December 2003 returned to Hednesford, making his Hednesford debut on 26 December against Stafford Rangers. He left Hednesford in July 2006, joining Leek Town.
After a spell at Kidsgrove, he joined Rushall Olympic in 2007 and later Gresley of the East Midlands Counties League in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6002115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002115" title="Richard von Schaukal">
Richard von Schaukal

Richard (von) Schaukal (May 27, 1874, in Brno – October 10, 1942, in Vienna) was a Moravia-born Austrian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="6002126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002126" title="Voice phishing">
Voice phishing

Voice phishing is the criminal practice of using social engineering over the telephone system to gain access to private personal and financial information from the public for the purpose of financial reward. Sometimes referred to as 'Vishing', the term is a combination of "voice" and phishing. Voice phishing exploits the public's trust in landline telephone services, which have traditionally terminated in physical locations known to the telephone company, and associated with a bill-payer. Voice phishing is typically used to steal credit card numbers or other information used in identity theft schemes from individuals.
Some fraudsters utilise features facilitated by Voice over IP (VoIP). Features such as caller ID spoofing (to display a number of their choosing on the recipients phone line), and automated systems (IVR).
Voice phishing is difficult for legal authorities to monitor or trace. To protect themselves, consumers are advised to be highly suspicious when receiving messages directing them to call and provide credit card or bank numbers. When in doubt, calling a company's telephone number listed on billing statements or other official sources is recommended as opposed to calling numbers received from messages or callers of dubious authenticity - but be sure that if you have just come off a call, that the caller has not hung on, and is not trying to spoof a dial tone down the phone line when you pick up.
Example.
Although the use of automated responders and war dialers is preferred by the vishers, there have been reported cases where human operators play an active role in these scams, in an attempt to persuade their victims.
Another simple trick used by the fraudsters is to ask the called party to hang up and dial their bank - when the caller hangs up, the fraudster does not, keeping the line open and remaining connected when the victim picks up the phone to dial.

</doc>
<doc id="6002136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002136" title="Songs from the Victorious City">
Songs from the Victorious City

Songs From The Victorious City is an album in the world music genre written by Anne Dudley and Jaz Coleman, recorded in 1990 in Cairo and London. It takes its name from Cairo itself, in Arabic القاهرة (translit: al-Qahirah), literally "The Triumphant" or "The Victorious".

</doc>
<doc id="6002139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002139" title="Priory Woods">
Priory Woods

Priory Woods () is a 2.94 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Bembridge, Isle of Wight, notified in 1998. It is a National Trust property and is served by a public footpath. Concealed within it is "The Priory Oyster" - an oyster bar attached to the Priory Bay Hotel and open only in the height of summer. It has significant recent archaeology with the remains of a sea wall and rusted iron railings. Numerous hand axes have been found in strata dated from 400,000 years ago, which would indicate their users were Neanderthals. The woods overlook Priory Bay and its private beach.

</doc>
<doc id="6002146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002146" title="Hugh Stowell Brown">
Hugh Stowell Brown

Hugh Stowell Brown (10 August 1823 – 24 February 1886) Christian minister and renowned preacher.
Hugh Stowell Brown was a preacher, pastor and social reformer in Liverpool in the nineteenth century. His public lectures and work among the poor brought him great renown. On his death a statue was raised to him, one of only three Liverpool clergymen to receive that honour. His brother was the Manx poet Thomas Edward Brown.
Life.
He was born at Douglas, Isle of Man, on 10 August 1823, was second son of Robert Brown, and his wife Dorothy (Thomson). Thomas Edward Brown was his younger brother.
The father, Robert Brown (died 1846), was at one time master of the grammar school in Douglas, and in 1817 became chaplain of St. Matthew's chapel in that town. An evangelical of extreme views, he never read the Athanasian Creed, and took no notice of Ash Wednesday or Lent. 
In 1832, he became curate of Kirk Braddan, succeeding as vicar on 2 April 1836. 
He learned Manx in order to preach in it, and supported a family of nine on less than £200 a year. 
His boys spent the summers in collecting his tithes of hay and corn, intermittently walking five miles to Douglas grammar school, but Hugh's early education consisted chiefly in reading four or five hours daily to his father, who became almost blind. 
Robert Brown was found dead by the roadside on 28 November 1846, and buried next day at Kirk Braddan. He wrote twenty-two "Sermons on various Subjects," Wellington (Shropshire) and London, 1818, 8vo; and a volume of "Poems, principally Sacred," London, 1826, 12mo.
Hugh was apprenticed when fifteen to a land surveyor, and employed in tithe commutation and ordnance surveys in Cheshire, Shrewsbury, and York. 
In 1840, he entered the London and Birmingham Railway's works at Wolverton, Buckinghamshire. 
While earning from four to eight shillings a week he began to study Greek, chalking his first exercises on a fire-box. 
After three years, part of the time spent in driving a locomotive between Crewe and Wolverton, he returned home and entered King William's College at Castletown to study for the church. When his training was almost complete he felt unable to subscribe to the ordination service, and resolved to return to his trade; but in the meantime was baptised at Stony Stratford, lost his father, and received unexpectedly an invitation to preach at Myrtle Street Baptist Chapel, Liverpool. 
About November 1847, he was accepted by that congregation as their minister. 
He was then twenty-four. 
There he remained until his death, winning great popularity as a preacher. 
To his Sunday afternoon lecture, established in 1854 in the Concert Hall, Liverpool, he drew from two to three thousand working men, whom his own early experiences, added to great power and plainness of speech, with abundant humour, powerfully influenced. 
He anticipated the post office by opening a workman's savings bank, to which over £80,000 was entrusted before it was wound up. 
In 1873, he visited Canada and the States.
Brown was president in 1878 of the Baptist Union. 
His addresses (printed in London, 1878) were an appeal for a better educated nonconformist ministry. 
He thought at one time of retiring from Liverpool to open a hall at Oxford or Cambridge, to be affiliated to one of the colleges. 
He was in favour of abandoning denominational colleges, the students to take their arts degrees at existing universities. 
He was an active member of the Baptist Missionary Society, and for many years president of the Liverpool Peace Society and chairman of the Seaman's Friend Association. 
He died after a few days' illness from apoplexy on 24 February 1886 at 29 Falkner Square, Liverpool, and was buried on 28 February at the West Derby Road cemetery.
Family.
Brown married, first, in 1848, Alice Chibnall Sirett, who was the mother of all his children, and died in 1863 ; secondly, he married Phoebe, sister to Mr. W. S. Caine, M.P., who was also his son-in-law. 
She died on 25 March 1884.
Statue.
Soon after his death a statue of Hugh Stowell Brown was paid for by public subscription. The Statue was unveiled on Tuesday 15 October 1889 in the churchyard at the front of Myrtle Street Baptist Church opposite the Philharmonic Hall. 
In 1939, Myrtle Street church was closed and subsequently demolished, and the site is now a car park. 
The statue was moved to Princes Road/Avenue, Liverpool on Saturday 25 September 1954. 
The statue was then removed around the time that the William Huskisson was toppled from its pedestal in 1988. 
The now empty pedestal still stands close to Princes Park gates. The statue which is in poor condition is currently lying forlornly in the stable yard at Croxteth Hall in Liverpool. Permission and funding have now been granted by Liverpool City Council for the statue to moved to a safe and protected location.

</doc>
<doc id="6002162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002162" title="William Redmond (1886–1932)">
William Redmond (1886–1932)

William Archer Redmond DSO (1886 – 17 April 1932) was an Irish nationalist politician. He served as an MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as well as a Teachta Dála (TD) of Dáil Éireann. He was one of the few people to have served in both the House of Commons and in the Oireachtas. During World War I served in the British Army as officer with an Irish regiment on the Western Front. He was the son of John Redmond the leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party from 1900 to 1918, and was one of a dynasty of Liberal and Irish Nationalist politicians who are commemorated in Redmond Square in Wexford town.
Early career.
Redmond was educated at Clongowes Wood College and Trinity College, Dublin. He was elected as MP for Tyrone East at the December 1910 general election and supported the passing of the 1914 Home Rule Act. 
When his father called for support for the British and Allied war effort in World War I, Redmond joined with the National Volunteers in the New British Army and served on the Western Front for the duration of the war, first in the Royal Dublin Fusiliers and then in the Irish Guards, rose to the rank of captain and was awarded the DSO. His fellow MP and uncle Willie Redmond, John's brother, also joined up and was killed in 1917. Three other Irish MPs also served, J. L. Esmonde, Stephen Gwynn, D. D. Sheehan and former MP Tom Kettle.
When his father died in March 1918, William Archer Redmond resigned his Tyrone seat and successfully defended his father's seat of Waterford. Famously he campaigned in his army uniform and wearing a black armband. His victory ended a run of Sinn Féin victories at by-elections and gave a big, albeit temporary, boost to the morale of supporters of the Irish Parliamentary Party. He did not take part in the First Dáil.
In the general election of December 1918, he was re-elected for Waterford City, becoming one of only two Irish Parliamentary Party MPs outside the six counties of Northern Ireland, and he spoke out strongly in the House of Commons against British military policy in Ireland during the Irish War of Independence.
Into the Dáil.
Following independence, Redmond was elected as an Independent Nationalist deputy and member of the 4th Dáil for Waterford at the 1923 Irish general election. In 1926, he co-founded the National League Party, appealing to former supporters of the Irish Parliamentary Party, ex-servicemen, and others, including Unionists, alienated by the policies of the Cumann na nGaedheal government. The new party did quite well, winning eight seats at the June 1927 general election. 
However Redmond alarmed his supporters by entering into a voting pact with the Labour Party and Fianna Fáil to bring down the Cumann na nGaedheal government, and replace it with a minority Labour Party–National League administration supported from outside by Fianna Fáil. The attempt failed and in the ensuing general election in September 1927, the party won only one seat in addition to Redmond's own. The following year the National League was dissolved and in 1931 Redmond joined Cumann na nGaedheal. He died in 1932 and was succeeded as Cumann na nGaedheal deputy for Waterford by his wife, Bridget Redmond.

</doc>
<doc id="6002164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002164" title="The Spook's Curse">
The Spook's Curse

"The Spook's Curse is the second book in the Wardstone Chronicles series. In America, it was released as the second book in The Last Apprentice series, with the title Curse of the Bane".
Plot summary.
The book begins with Tom binding a Ripper (murderous boggart) in Horshaw. Although he is successful, the Ripper's victim, priest Father Gregory (the Spook's brother) dies from shock. He's sent to be buried in Priestown and the Spook goes there with Tom, to pay his respects and to finally deal with an ancient demon locked in the catacombs under the city. This demon, known as the Bane, has already bested the Spook once and has since grown in power. The Spook makes preparations to enter the catacombs but is betrayed by his cousin, Father Cairns, and both he and Alice are arrested by the Quisitor, a witch hunter who despises Spooks.
Tom enters the catacombs in order to slip inside the prisons undetected, but only manages to free Alice. Another brother of the Spook’s, locksmith Andrew Gregory, hides them in a haunted house in town and they fall asleep. The Bane comes to tempt them both in their dreams but Tom resists. He wakes up to find Alice at the Silver Gate, where she confesses she made a deal with the Bane so that she could help him. She helps save the Spook and the other prisoners from being burned to death.
Tom takes the Spook to his mother, who heals the older man, and then they set out to find the cemetery of the Segantii, the first people to have bound the Bane. Their leader, Naze, tells them that he too had made a pact with the Bane, so that if the Bane was to be freed and then enter his prison once again, he was to be bound there for the rest of the Bane's existence. 
The Spook takes Alice back to the catacombs. Tom secretly follows them after opening a letter from his mother where she wrote that if he does not go as well, both the Spook and Alice will die pointlessly.
After Alice summons the Bane, the demon whisks her away and turns into his material form to feed for the last time from her blood. The Spook is knocked out, so Tom follows the Bane on his own and binds him with the silver chain that his mother gave him on his last visit. The Bane tries once again to sway him but fails and Tom kills it but is killed himself. Alice will not let Tom go and uses magic to bring him back to life.
The Spook, Alice and Tom return to Chipenden where the Spook tries to put Alice into the pit he had Tom dig for her. Tom uses what he knows about Meg Skelton – a Lamia witch whom the Spook had once fallen in love – to demand Alice's freedom and the Spook is swayed. He allows Alice to stay at Chipenden in exchange for her knowledge about witches and her skill in Latin.
List of chapters.
Chapter One: The Horshaw Ripper
Chapter Two: The Spook's Tale
Chapter Three: The Bane
Chapter Four: Priestown 
Chapter Five: The Funeral
Chapter Six: A Pact with Hell
Chapter Seven: Escape and Capture 
Chapter Eight: Brother Peter's Tale 
Chapter Nine: The Catacombs
Chapter Ten: Girl Spit
Chapter Eleven: The Spook's Trial
Chapter Twelve: The Silver Gate
Chapter Thirteen: The Burning
Chapter Fourteen: Dad's Tale
Chapter Fifteen: The Silver Chain
Chapter Sixteen: A Pit for Alice
Chapter Seventeen: The Quisitor Arrives
Chapter Eighteen: Nightmare on the Hill
Chapter Nineteen: The Stone Graves
Chapter Twenty: Mam's Letter
Chapter Twenty-One: A Sacrifice
Chapter Twenty-Two: A Bargain's a Bargain
Reception.
Generally well received by fans of the series. Where the through plot of the series is not yet clear, Delaney exposes the first signs of overall arc. This second book only fueled the already growing interest.

</doc>
<doc id="6002168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002168" title="P-series fuels">
P-series fuels

P-Series fuels are a family of renewable, non-petroleum, liquid fuels that can substitute for gasoline. It is a mixture of ethanol, methyltetrahydrofuran (MeTHF), "pentanes-plus", and butane. The formulas can be adjusted for cold weather and for 'premium' blends. Approximately 35% of the blend is or can be created from waste products of other industrial processes. It was originally developed by brothers Scott and Doug Dunlop, the co - founders of the Pure Energy Corporation and optimized by Dr. Stephen F. Paul of Princeton University. It was patented in 1997 (US 5,697,987) by Dr. Paul and assigned to Princeton University. Simultaneously, the Pure Energy Corporation was granted an exclusive license to commercialize P-Series fuels. Responding to a petition submitted by the Pure Energy Corporation, the DOE proposed in 1998 that P-Series be recognized as an alternative fuel in accordance with the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (see the Federal Register/Vol. 63, No. 144/Tuesday, July 28, 1998/Proposed Rules, page 40202.) The final rule designating P-Series as an EPACT alternative fuel was published in the following year, (see the Federal Register/Vol. 64, No. 94/Monday, May 17, 1999/Rules and Regulations, page 26822.)
In addition to the patent, the other publication detailing the P-Series fuels was Dr. Paul's 1998 paper entitled: An Optimized Alternative Motor Fuel Formulation: Natural Gas Liquids Ethanol And A Biomass-Derived Ether, which appeared in the Proceedings of the American Chemical Society Division of Fuel Chemistry, Fuels for the Year 2000 and Beyond, 216th ACS National Meeting & Exposition, August 23–27, Boston, 1998 43(3), p. 373-377.
Overview.
A multi-component, liquid, non-petroleum, alternative motor fuel for spark ignition engines has been developed. The fuel is composed of approximately equal volumes of (1 )medium-molecular weight alkanes, isoalkanes, and cycloalkanes (C5 - C8) which are extracted in the course of coalbed gas or natural gas production and/or processing, (2) anhydrous fermentation ethanol, and (3) 2-methylTHF, a biomass-derived heterocyclic ether. The ether serves as a co-solvent that reduces the volatility of the ethanol/hydrocarbon blend. The formulation can be adjusted to vary the fuel characteristics over a range to formulate winter/summer and regular/premium grades:87-94octane; 0.74-0.78 specific gravity; and 6.5 - 13.5 psi Reid vapor pressure. P-Series fuels contain little or no sulfur, phosphorus, aromatics, olefins, or high-boiling-point hydrocarbons, but does contain 11 - 19% oxygen (by weight), with a corresponding reduction in heat content (100,000 - 106,000 BTU/gal). This fuel has been tested in unmodified 1996 and 1997 Ford Taurus ethanol-Flexible Fuel Vehicles. They vehicles come equipped with a fuel sensor that automatically adjust the air/fuel ratio to optimize running on a particular fuel. Emissions testing (USEPA's FTP protocol) show the following differences in the tailpipe exhaust characteristics (compared to conventional gasoline): 40 - 50% less unburned hydrocarbons, 20% less CO, no significant change in NOx, 4% less COz, 40% less ozone-forming potential, and 2 - 3 times less toxicity.
Most flexible fuel vehicles capable of running on E85 should also be able to handle P-Series fuel.
The projected retail price will be about 10% less than gasoline. As of June 2012 it is not available to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="6002183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002183" title="Horton Hears a Who! (film)">
Horton Hears a Who! (film)

"Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who!" is a 2008 American computer-animated adventure comedy film based on the Dr. Seuss' book of the same name. The film was directed by Jimmy Hayward and Steve Martino, and was produced by Blue Sky Studios. It features the voices of Jim Carrey and Steve Carell. Released on March 14, 2008 by 20th Century Fox, it received generally positive reviews, and grossed $297 million on a budget of $85 million.
The film is the third Dr. Seuss feature film adaptation, the second Dr. Seuss film starring Jim Carrey after "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" (2000), and the first adaptation of a Dr. Seuss work fully animated using CGI technology. It is also Carrey and Carrell's second collaboration after "Bruce Almighty" (2003).
Plot.
A dust speck is dislodged from its obscure place and sent adrift through the Jungle of Nool. At the same time, Horton the elephant, the jungle's eccentric nature teacher, takes a dip in the pool. The dust speck floats past him in the air, and he hears a tiny yelp coming from it. Believing that an entire society of microscopic creatures are living on that speck, he places it atop a clover. Horton finds out the speck harbors the city of Whoville and its inhabitants, led by Mayor Ned McDodd (Steve Carell). He has a wife, Sally (Amy Poehler), 96 daughters (whose names all begin with the letter H), and one teenage son named JoJo (Jesse McCartney). Despite being the oldest and next in line for the mayoral position, JoJo doesn't want to be mayor, and because he's so scared of disappointing his father, he never speaks. Once Horton begins carrying the speck with him, the city starts experiencing strange phenomena (earthquakes and changes in solar lighting), and the Mayor finds his attempts to caution Whoville challenged by the Town Council, led by the opportunistic yet condescending Chairman (Dan Fogler).
The Mayor finds out from Dr. LaRue (Isla Fisher) that Whoville will be destroyed if Horton does not find a "safer, more stable home." Horton resolves to place the speck atop Mt. Nool, the safest place in the jungle. The Kangaroo (Carol Burnett), not believing Horton's beliefs, (and holding a personal grudge against him for always overshadowing her authority) attempts several times to demand that Horton give up the speck, but Horton does not and defies her. Also taking force toward Horton are the Wickersham Brothers, a group of bullying monkeys who love making misery. Eventually, the furious Kangaroo, upon learning Horton's defiance, enlists a vulture named Vlad Vladikoff (Will Arnett) to get rid of the speck by force.
Vlad manages to steal the clover away from Horton and drops it into a massive field of identical pink clovers and the clover falls down with a deafening explosion, causing Whoville to fall into pieces. After unsuccessfully picking nearly 3,000,000 clovers, Horton eventually recovers the clover (exactly the 3,000,000th clover). In an instant, the Kangaroo finds out that Horton still has the speck, and decides to rally the jungle community into confronting Horton by telling lies that Horton's goal will lead to anarchy. Upon cornering him, the Kangaroo offers Horton to escape punishment by renouncing Whoville's existence. When Horton refuses, in spite of his heartfelt speech, she orders the animals to rope and cage him, and to have the speck and the Whos destroyed in a pot of acidic beezelnut oil. The Mayor enlists all of his people to make noise by shouting "We are here!", as well as playing a variety of instruments, so the animals may hear them, assisted by Jojo's "Symphonophone", an invention which creates a huge musical contribution, but still fails to penetrate the surface. As Horton lies beaten and captured, Kangaroo easily takes the clover, and slowly drops it towards the boiling oil. At the last minute, JoJo grabs the horn used to project Horton's voice, runs up the highest tower and yells "YOPP!", breaking through the sound barrier (and finally speaking for the first time in the film) just before the speck hits the oil.
Kangaroo's son, Rudy (Josh Flitter) grabs the clover and returns it to Horton, refusing his mother's orders to return to her pouch. The animals realize that Horton was right all along and shun the Kangaroo for tricking them. While being praised for his integrity by his neighbors, Horton even forgives the Kangaroo, and she gratefully accepts his friendship with a makeshift umbrella for Whoville. Here, the people of Whoville and the animals of Nool gather in song and recite the chorus from "Can't Fight This Feeling". The film ends with the narrator revealing that the Jungle of Nool, or rather Earth, is just one speck, like Whoville, among numerous others, floating in the universe.
Production.
In late 2004, as Blue Sky Studios was finishing "Robots", the studio started courting Dr. Seuss' widow Audrey Geisel on getting the adaptation rights for "Horton Hears a Who!". The art director for "Robots", Steve Martino, along with story consultant and additional scene director Jimmy Hayward, created a model of protagonist Horton and some animation tests to showcase their design ideas to Geisel, who eventually agreed on "a seven-figure deal" for both the book and its follow-up "Horton Hatches the Egg". Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio were then hired to write the script, to be directed by Hayward and Martino with a set release date of 2008. Geisel was credited as a supervising producer and watched production up close, and also gave the directors full access to her late husband's archives, and thus they investigated on his original sketches, 3-D sculptures, work done for "The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T" and even memos Dr. Seuss traded with Chuck Jones during the production of the Grinch TV special.
For references in doing the character animation, along with footage of the voice actors performing their lines, the Blue Sky animators recorded themselves performing the script in an "acting room" to see what of their body language could translate well into the film. To make Horton different from the mammoths Blue Sky worked with in the "Ice Age" series, the elephant would at times walk on two legs, in a way that it looked like "a fat man in an elephant suit". While the design had a major difference from the original book, with a bigger mouth to allow for wider facial expressions like those of Jim Carrey, as the directors noticed Horton's design in the book varied according to his emotion, the 3D wireframe tried to allow for the same effects.
Soundtrack.
The original score for the film's soundtrack album was composed by John Powell. Near the end of the picture, the cast comes together and sings the song, "Can't Fight This Feeling" by REO Speedwagon. This version of the song was not featured on the soundtrack.
Reaction.
Critical reception.
In contrast to the mixed and/or negative reaction to the other big screen adaptations of Seuss's work, the film received generally positive reviews from film critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 79% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 131 reviews, classifying the film as "Certified Fresh". The consensus statement reads, ""Horton Hears A Who!" is both whimsical and heartwarming, and is the rare Dr. Seuss adaptation that stays true to the spirit of the source material." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, calculated a score of 71 out of 100 based on 31 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
In contrast, Brian Eggert of Deep Focus gave it one and a half stars out of four, criticizing its numerous pop-culture references, calling it a "mish-mash of incoherent babble" and claiming it ends up "reducing Seuss' otherwise admirable message to ordinary storytelling, when Seuss' work is anything but."
Box office.
"Horton Hears a Who!" was a box office success, grossing a total of $297,138,014 on a $85 million budget. $154,529,439 came from the United States and Canada, and $142,608,575 from other territories.
In its opening weekend, the film grossed $45,012,998 in 3,954 theaters, averaging $11,384 per theater in the United States and Canada, and ranking #1 at the box office. The film previously had the 4th largest opening weekend in March, behind "Ice Age", "" and "300", and as of September 2012, it ranks on the 9th place. In the United States and Canada, "Horton Hears a Who" was also the #1 film its second weekend of release, grossing $24,590,596 over the Easter frame, in 3,961 theaters and averaging $6,208 per venue. It dropped to #2 in its third weekend grossing $17,740,106 in 3,826 theaters and averaging $4,637 per venue. Its fourth weekend ranked at #4 grossing $9,115,987 in 3,571 theaters and averaging $2,553 per venue. Its fifth weekend ranked at #6, grossing $5,920,566 in 3,209 theaters and averaging $1,845 per venue.
Interpretations.
"Horton Hears a Who!", like other Dr. Seuss creations, contains layered subtexts and messages. A major theme regards on learning about universal values between vastly different places and people, as shown by the quote "A person's a person, no matter how small". This is employed on many levels, primarily with Horton hearing a world in a speck, while also appearing with the Mayor's relationship with his son, and Jane Kangaroo learning the truth about Horton's beliefs. The movie characters display traditional gender roles. According to NPR host and father of three daughters Peter Sagal, "In a new subplot added by the filmmakers, the mayor of Whoville has 96 daughters. He has one son. Guess who gets all his attention? Guess who saves the day?" Interpretations of the movie also discuss issues like social control, conformism, and organized religion. Like being able to "see a world in a grain of sand" as conceived by William Blake and expressed in his poem "Auguries of Innocence" the story has a mind-expanding quality which also references known quantum physical realities beyond standard three-dimensional physical existence.
Home media release.
"Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who!" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 9, 2008. Three versions of the DVD are available: a single disc edition, a 2-disc special edition, and a gift set packaged with a Horton plush. A Blu-ray combo pack with a DVD and digital copy was released on October 11, 2011. The home media included an "Ice Age"-related short film, "Surviving Sid".

</doc>
<doc id="6002185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002185" title="2002 LSU Tigers football team">
2002 LSU Tigers football team

The 2002 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season. Coached by Nick Saban, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The defending SEC champion Tigers started out strong, but an injury to starting quarterback Matt Mauck hurt the team down and they lost four of their final six games. The season is memorable because of the famous Bluegrass Miracle against the Kentucky Wildcats.
LSU Tigers in the 2003 National Football League Draft.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/draft/2003.htm

</doc>
<doc id="6002188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002188" title="Anders Nordström">
Anders Nordström

Anders Nordström (born 9 March 1960) is a Swedish physician who served as Acting Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) from 22 May 2006 to 8 November 2006.
Nordström trained as a physician at Karolinska Institutet and has experience in the field of national and international health policy and planning and strategic leadership. Nordström worked with the Swedish Red Cross in Cambodia and the International Committee of the Red Cross in Iran. He has also worked for the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) for over 12 years, including 3 years in Zambia.
In 2002, he was the Interim Executive Director for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. He became Assistant Director-General for General Management at WHO in July 2003 and, on May 2006, Acting Director-General on the death of Lee Jong-wook. Later named WHO Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Services, one of his main contributions was to advance policy for manpower in health services, especially for low-income countries.
He was Director general for Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency from January 2008 to May 2010. He was dismissed as Sida's head in May 2010 amid controversy over fraud and corruption in the agency's development aid program in Zambia, with Nordström singled out for attention over lack of proper management.

</doc>
<doc id="6002196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002196" title="Chen Zunrong">
Chen Zunrong

Chen Zunrong (; born October 20, 1962) is a retired Chinese long jumper, best known for finishing tenth at the 1992 Olympic Games. His personal best is 8.36 metres, achieved in May 1992 in Shizuoka.

</doc>
<doc id="6002200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002200" title="Softball at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Softball at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games

Softball at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games was held at the Chiquinduira softball stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="6002207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002207" title="Cléber Chalá">
Cléber Chalá

Cléber Manuel Chalá Herrón (born June 29, 1971 in Imbabura) is an Ecuadorian football midfielder who played 86 games for the Ecuador national team between 1992 and 2004.
Chalá played for Ecuador at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and in the 1993 Copa América, 1997 Copa América and 2001 Copa América
At club level he has played mostly for Nacional Quito where he has made over 450 appearances and participated in 4 Ecuadorian league championship winning campaigns (1992, 1996, 2005A & 2006). 
He has also played club football for Deportivo Quito and Universidad San Martín de Porres in Peru. He also had a spell in England with Southampton F.C. but never played in the first team. He was signed along with fellow countryman Agustín Delgado, but neither made an impact in English football

</doc>
<doc id="6002213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002213" title="The American Interest">
The American Interest

The American Interest ("AI") is a U.S.-published, Conservative, bimonthly magazine focusing primarily on foreign policy, international affairs, global economics, and military matters. It is available in print on newsstands and in bookstores; select articles are available free online.
History.
The magazine was founded in 2005 by a number of members of the editorial board of "The National Interest", led by Francis Fukuyama, who stated that they were upset by changes to that journal's editorial policy implemented by its new publisher, the Nixon Center.
Several people formerly associated with "The National Interest" are now associated with "The American Interest", including former "National Interest" editor Adam Garfinkle (the founding editor of "The American Interest"); Fukuyama, who serves as chairman of the new journal's four-man executive committee; Ruth Wedgwood, formerly a "National Interest" advisory council member and now an "American Interest" editorial board member; and Thomas M. Rickers, formerly the managing editor of "The National Interest" and now the managing editor of "The American Interest".
Reception.
"The American Interest represents a new and fascinating sun in the expanding galaxy of opponents of Bush administration policy." Robert S. Boynton writing in "The American Prospect".
Prominent contributors.
Contributors to the journal are predominantly already established (rather than up-and-coming) commentators known for their expertise in international affairs, global strategy, and military matters. In addition to Fukuyama, Garfinkle, and other magazine staffers, the major contributors have included:

</doc>
<doc id="6002225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002225" title="John Corbin">
John Corbin

John Corbin (May 2, 1870 – August 30, 1959) was an American dramatic critic and author.
Career overview.
John Corbin was born in Chicago and educated at Harvard, where he was awarded the George B. Sohier Prize for literature. After his graduation from Harvard, Corbin soon became an established writer in New York City. From 1897 to 1900 he was an assistant editor of "Harper's Magazine", during part of this time acting also as dramatic critic for "Harper's Weekly"; in 1902 he wrote the dramatic notices of the New York Times and in 1905-07 those of the "Sun". From 1908 to 1910 he was literary manager of The New Theatre, during the short life of which his efforts contributed much towards notably artistic productions. He served as secretary of the Drama Society of New York until 1916. In 1916 he produced Shakespeare's "The Tempest" (with full text in the Elizabethan manner). From 1917 to 1919 he was dramatic critic of the New York Times and after 1919 editorial writer for the same paper.

</doc>
<doc id="6002228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002228" title="USS Wildcat (AW-2)">
USS Wildcat (AW-2)

USS "Wildcat" (AW-2), was a "Stag"-class tanker, built for the United States Navy during World War II, the only U.S. Naval vessel to be named for "Felis silvestris".
Originally projected as the Liberty ship tanker SS "Leon Godchaux"; however, before her construction began, the ship was allocated to the Navy. She was classified as IX-130, an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, and renamed Wildcat on 27 October 1943 and acquired by the Navy under a bareboat charter from the War Shipping Administration. Her keel was laid down under a Maritime Commission contract (Z-ET1-S-C3, MCE hull 1934) on 16 November 1943 at New Orleans, Louisiana, by the Delta Shipbuilding Company. She was launched on 7 January 1944 sponsored by Mrs. Leonie Godchaux Mayer, reclassified AW-2 on 4 February 1944, delivered to the Navy at New Orleans on 16 February, and commissioned as USS "Wildcat" (AW-2) the following day, 17 February 1944.
Soon thereafter, the ship was shifted to Tampa, Florida, for hull alterations by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company, and was decommissioned at Key West, Florida, on 10 April 1944. At the naval operating base there, "Wildcat" underwent the balance of the conversion from tanker to water distilling ship into the autumn of 1944. She recommissioned at Key West on 15 October 1944 with Lieutenant Commander George H. Burrows, USNR, in command.
Service history.
"Wildcat" conducted shakedown training in the Gulf of Mexico before she underwent post-shakedown alterations at the Todd Shipbuilding Company in Galveston, Texas. "Wildcat" departed Galveston on 5 December, bound via the Panama Canal Zone for the western Pacific. She transited the canal and at Balboa underwent minor repairs from 11 to 21 December to her engineering plant before she got underway on the latter day for the Admiralty Islands. She made port at Manus on 23 January 1945 and, two days later, shifted to Humboldt Bay, New Guinea. Attached to Service Squadron 9, 7th Fleet, "Wildcat" soon sailed in convoy for the Philippines and, on 6 February, dropped anchor in Leyte Gulf, off the municipality of Dulag, on the eastern coast of Leyte. Two days later, the ship moved to San Pedro Bay, Leyte, where she remained into April, distilling and issuing fresh potable water to small craft and merchant vessels.
She received a tender availability alongside the from 11 to 18 April before shifting to Calicoan Island to transfer her deck cargo to SS "Ben Ruffin". "Wildcat" then returned to San Pedro Bay on 23 April to resume her water distilling and issuing duties there. "Wildcat" got underway for Manila on the morning of 25 April, but grounded on a pinnacle near the approach channel to San Pedro Bay at 0855. After she was refloated, she proceeded to Manicani Island, Samar, where she was dry-docked in "ABSD-5" on 31 May for repairs to her damaged hull. She remained there until 4 July, when she shifted to "YFD-21" for the remainder of the repairs. Upon completion of that hull work, "Wildcat" undocked on 19 July, headed for Manila on 24 July, and arrived on 26 July to assume duties there as station ship.
Anchored in Manila Bay when news of Japan's final capitulation came on V-J Day (15 August 1945), "Wildcat"s sailors witnessed the "riotous celebrations, skyrockets and light displays" which accompanied that welcome news. "Wildcat" later moved to Subic Bay, Luzon, but returned to Manila on 5 September to resume distilling and distributing potable water to the various ships and small craft. The distilling ship remained in Philippine waters through the autumn of 1945 and headed home to the United States in December. "Wildcat" was slated to be returned to the War Shipping Administration for disposal at Norfolk, Virginia, in mid-1946, but the ship was retained for use in Operation Crossroads, the atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll. "Wildcat" subsequently performed support tasks with Joint Task Force 1 in the summer of 1946. Declared "radiologically cleared," (free from radioactive contamination) the distilling ship was released from "Crossroads" on 11 September 1946.
Decommissioned at the 13th Naval District on 17 January 1947 and returned to the War Shipping Administration that day, the erstwhile water distilling ship was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 10 June 1947. She was laid up at Olympia, Washington, with the National Defense Reserve Fleet. "Wildcat" was eventually broken up for scrap sometime in the mid-1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="6002229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002229" title="USS Stag (AW-1)">
USS Stag (AW-1)

USS "Stag" (AW-1) was one of four water distilling ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. The lead ship in her class, she was named for a ruminant mammal belonging to the family Cervidae.
Originally laid down as the SS "Norman O. Pedrick" on 13 November 1943 a Maritime Commission type (Z-ET1-S-C3) tanker hull (MC hull 1932) under Maritime Commission by the Delta Shipbuilding Company of New Orleans, Louisiana; launched on 7 January 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Parks B. Pedrick; acquired by the Navy from the War Shipping Administration under a bareboat charter on 16 February 1944; and commissioned the same day as USS "Stag" (IX-128) with Lieutenant Emery A. Winckler in command.
Service history.
"Stag" was converted from a tanker to a water distilling ship by the Tampa Shipbuilding Company in Tampa, Florida from 1 March through late July. Redesignated as USS "Stag" (AW-1) (date unknown), she held sea trials and shakedown off Galveston, Texas on 7 August. Twenty days later, she got underway for the Panama Canal. On 13 September, "Stag" stood out of the canal and proceeded independently to New Guinea. The 32-day cruise proved uneventful, and the tanker dropped anchor in Finschhafen, New Guinea, on 15 October only to receive orders to move to Hollandia that day. She arrived at Humboldt Bay on 18 October and was assigned to Service Squadron 9, Service Force, 7th Fleet. From 19 October through 21 November, she supplied fresh water to fleet units and merchantmen.
"Stag" sailed for the Philippines with a convoy on 22 November and arrived in San Pedro Bay, Leyte, six days later. She shuttled between there, Lingayen, Subic Bay, Mindoro, and Manila until mid-May 1945, supplying water to fleet units. On 16 May, she sailed for Morotai, Netherlands East Indies, and supplied water to units there for two months before returning to the Philippines. She continued operating in that archipelago until the end of the year when she was ordered to return, via Pearl Harbor and San Diego, to the East Coast.
"Stag" reported to the Commander, Atlantic Fleet, at Norfolk, Virginia on 25 February 1946 for duty and to the 5th Naval District on 5 March for disposal. She was decommissioned at Norfolk on 30 April and was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 8 May 1946. Transferred to the Maritime Commission for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at James River, Fort Eustis, Virginia and renamed SS "Norman O. Pedrick", the ship was ultimately scrapped in 1970 at Burriana, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="6002269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002269" title="The Spook's Secret">
The Spook's Secret

Night of the Soul-Stealer is a children's book by Joseph Delaney.
Plot summary.
The Spook takes his apprentice Tom and young witch Alice to his winter house on Anglezarke Moor where Meg Skelton, the domestic Lamia Witch whom the Spook loves, is kept under lock and key. When domesticated, lamias look like human women, but if they return to their feral state, they are winged creatures covered in scales who feed upon the blood of humans.
When they reach Anglezarke, Tom and the Spook leave Alice with the Hursts, who owe the Spook a favor. They then head to the Spook's winter house. There they wake Meg, who is kept asleep in a locked cellar when the Spook is at his other home through a large dose of a special tea. Even when she is awake, the Spook keeps her drugged (without her knowledge) so she will forget what she is and not harm anyone.
The Spook shows Tom that there is a second lamia witch – this one feral – locked in a special pit in the deepest cellar. She is Marcia, Meg’s sister. The dosed tea keeps Meg from remembering her sister and freeing her.
Tom and the Spook have to face a stone-chucking boggart. They win, but the Spook is severely injured. With Alice's help, he pulls through, but is still weak. Alice then moves back to the winter house with Tom to help him and undertakes the task of giving Meg the potion that keeps her docile. 
Tom receives word that his father is dying and sets out back to his family’s farm to say good-bye, but before he even gets out of town, he meets the Hursts’ grown son Morgan, who is the Spook’s former apprentice. Morgan has turned to necromancy and is trying to revive one of the Old Gods, Golgoth. He tells Tom that his father has been dead a week already. Tom arrives home to learn it is true. 
When Tom returns to Anglezarke, Morgan tells him that his father is trapped in limbo. Morgan uses his powers of necromancy to torment Tom’s father, making him believe he is in Hell and burning. He will not release him unless Tom brings him a grimoire, a book of dark magic that the Spook took from him years earlier. 
Tom returns to the winter house to search for the grimoire, but finds that in his absence, Meg has remembered who she is and is angry. She locks Tom up in the cellar, where the Spook has already been imprisoned. Marcia, Meg’s feral sister, has gotten free of her own cell and is loose. Tom gets free but has to leave the Spook behind.
The Spook’s brother Andrew, a locksmith, has his shop nearby. Tom finds Alice working for Andrew there, having been sent away by the Spook before he was imprisoned and unwilling to return to the Hursts because of her distrust of Morgan. Andrew and Alice will help Tom try to free the Spook from the cellar, but first Tom meets with Morgan again.
Morgan reveals to Tom that he is in fact the Spook’s own son. His real mother was Emily Burns, a woman who the Spook had loved before he took up with Meg. He tells Tom that the Spook never married Emily, but had seven sons with her (Morgan was the youngest) before deserting the family.
Tom and Alice go back to the Spook’s house. Alice heads for the cellar to free the Spook, and Tom manages to bind Meg with his silver chain, then put her in a pit in the cellar. The Spook saved, Tom searches the house for the grimoire. But feral Marcia is free and has been feeding on birds in the attic to regain her strength. Tom drives her off and in the morning, the Spook arrives back at the house with his brother Andrew and Marcia on a silver chain. Once she is bound again, Tom resumes his search for the grimoire, but he is caught by the Spook.
Tom tells the Spook what Morgan is forcing him to do, and the Spook tells him that he has been lied to: the Spook has no children. Morgan was the son of Emily Burns and the man she left the Spook for years earlier. The Hursts adopted him as a teenager, and he fell in love with their daughter, who drowned herself in despair when her parents would not accept the romance.
Morgan sends the Spook and Tom on a wild goose chase after a boggart, and steals the grimoire from the Spook’s study while they are gone. While the Spook is off trying to locate Morgan and the book, Alice tells Tom that Morgan is in a chapel where he raises the dead for their paying loved ones. Tom goes there and confronts him. 
Still threatening to harm Tom’s father in limbo, Morgan forces Tom to assist him in his goal: raising Golgoth, Lord of Winter. He plans to make the Old God give him unlimited power. But as Golgoth comes forth into the world, he appears inside the pentacle of protection that Morgan is in. Golgoth freezes and shatters Morgan's body, killing him.
Golgoth demands that Tom set him free from the pentacle, but Tom refuses just before passing out. 
When he awakens, Golgoth is gone. Meg and her sister Marcia arrive, freed from the Spook’s cellar again. They have dug him out from the wreckage of the chapel that was caused by Golgoth’s arrival, and now they lead Tom back to his master. 
The Spook explains that Morgan had tried to raise Golgoth years earlier when he was the Spook’s apprentice, but failed. The Spook wanted to bind Morgan in a pit then, but his old love Emily implored him to spare her son. So the Spook set a trap for Morgan instead: he had the grimoire copied but with one change to the Latin that would cause the Old God to appear inside the pentacle instead of outside it, killing the one who raised him. His time within the pentacle was limited, and when Tom refused to free him, he had to return to his own domain.
When the Spook could not dig Tom out on his own, he was forced to strike a deal with the two lamia witches: they helped him in exchange for not being locked up any more. A few weeks later, Spring arrives and the spook encases Marcia in a coffin. She will be transported back to her home country, Greece, accompanied by her sister Meg. 
Soon Tom and the Spook are headed back to Chipenden, along with Alice. Tom stops at his family farm on the way. His mother is there and tells him that she will soon leave the County forever. She will return to her own homeland, Greece, to fight the Dark there. But first, she takes him up to her secret room, which was willed to Tom in his father’s will (the rest of the house was left to his brother Jack). She tells him that nothing evil can ever enter the room, but he must never bring anyone but himself and Alice into it.
Characters.
The main characters include:
Reception.
The book received positive reviews, but not as good as its predecessor's, scoring only 4.09/5 on Goodreads.

</doc>
<doc id="6002271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002271" title="Pardee">
Pardee

Pardee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6002272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002272" title="Gnotobiotic animal">
Gnotobiotic animal

A gnotobiotic animal (from Greek roots "gnostos" 'known' and "bios" 'life') is an animal in which only certain known strains of bacteria and other microorganisms are present. Technically, the term also includes germ-free animals, as the status of their microbial communities is also "known". However, the term "gnotobiotic" is often incorrectly contrasted with "germ-free".
Gnotobiotic animals (also 'gnotobiotes' or 'gnotobionts') are born in aseptic conditions, which may include removal from the mother by Caesarean section and immediate transfer of the newborn to an isolator where all incoming air, food and water is sterilized. Such animals are normally reared in a sterile or microbially-controlled laboratory environment, and they are only exposed to those microorganisms that the researchers wish to have present in the animal. These gnotobionts are used to study the symbiotic relationships between an animal and one or more of the microorganisms that may inhabit its body. This technique is important for microbiologists because it allows them to study only a select few symbiotic interactions at a time (see Scientific control), whereas animals that develop under normal conditions may quickly acquire a microbiota that includes hundreds or thousands of unique organisms.
Animals reared in a gnotobiotic colony often have poorly developed immune systems, lower cardiac output, thin intestinal walls and high susceptibility to infectious pathogens.
Such animals may also be used in animal production, especially in the rearing of pigs. After the Caesarean birth, these animals are introduced to their natural microflora in a stepwise fashion. This avoids undesired infections and leads to faster growth.

</doc>
<doc id="6002278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002278" title="Eni of East Anglia">
Eni of East Anglia

Eni or Ennius was a member of the Wuffing family, the ruling dynasty of the Kingdom of East Anglia. He was the son of Tyttla and brother of Raedwald, both kings of East Anglia.
There is no historical evidence that Eni ever ruled the East Angles himself. The principal references to him are in Bede's "Ecclesiastical History" and in the East Anglian dynastic tally preserved in the "Anglian collection". The tally is not a regnal list but a series of genealogical affiliations, (hence it does not mention Raedwald, who was not a direct ancestor of the line of Eni). 
It is possible, but nowhere indicated, that Raedwald associated Eni to his power as an East Anglian regent or sub-king during the period of his own ascendancy, 616-624. The sources we have indicate that Eorpwald, Raedwald's son, succeeded his father.
Eni is identified by Bede as the father of three East Anglian kings, namely Anna (r. c636-654), Aethelhere (r. 654) and Aethelwold (r. 654-664). In the Anglian collection he is also the grandfather of King Ealdwulf (r. 664-713), whose father was Æthelric. Since royal power reverted to Ealdwulf in 664 after the rule of his uncles, it is often supposed that Æthelric was actually the elder brother of Anna, Æthelhere and Æthelwold and may be the same person as Egric of East Anglia, who shared the throne with Sigeberht (c. 629-634) and died with him in 636. Hereswitha, Ealdwulf's mother, had already left East Anglia for a monastic life in Gaul by 647 (Bede, History, iv.23)and so Æthelric was probably dead by then.
Many of Eni's descendants appear to have been devout Christians and as an immediate member of Raedwald's household he must certainly have been aware of, and possibly even shared in, Raedwald's baptism, which occurred in Kent under the sponsorship of King Æthelberht before 616, at the hands of the mission sent by Pope Gregory I. Eni's son Anna was presumably resident at Exning in 631 when Anna's daughter Æthelthryth (Saint Audrey) was born there. Exning is close to the Isle of Ely where, at "Cratendune", Saint Augustine of Canterbury himself (d. c604) is stated (in "Liber Eliensis") to have established a church. It is possible, therefore, that the Christianity of Eni's descendants had its origins in an East Anglian phase of Augustine's own mission.

</doc>
<doc id="6002310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002310" title="Clan Colville">
Clan Colville

Clan Colville is a Lowland Scottish clan.
History.
Origins of the Clan.
The Clan Colville chiefs are of ancient Norman origin. The name is probably derived from the town of Colville in Normandy. The first of the name to appear in Scotland was Philip de Colville who is found as a witness to a charter to Dunfermline Monastery some time before 1159. In 1174 Phillip de Colville was one of the hostages used for the release of William the Lion under the Treaty of Falaise. Phillip was also granted the baronies of Oxnam and Hecton in Roxburghshire as well as lands in Ayrshire. Phillip's son was Thomas de Colville who between 1189 and 1199 was a witness to several charters of William the Lion. Thomas was unjustly suspected of treason and was imprisoned in Edinburgh Castle but he later regained royal favor and died on his own estates in 1219. Thomas's son was William de Colville who acquired the barony of Kinnaird in Stirlingshire which remains the chief's seat to this day. In 1228 William de Colville granted a lease of the part of his barony to the Abbot of Holyrood which was confirmed in a charter by Alexander II of Scotland.
The heiress of Sir William Colville was E'stace. She was married to Sir Reginald Cheyne, an elderly knight who died in about 1291, leaving her considerable wealth. E'stace appears on the Ragman Rolls of 1296 swearing fealty to Edward I of England. She is recorded on the Ragman Rolls as holding lands in Aberdeen, Ayr, Banff, Forfar, Inverness and Kincardine. The foundation of the fortunes of the Colvilles is attributed to E'stace's considerable abilities by Alexander Nisbet.
14th and 15th centuries.
A grant made to Melrose Abbey by E'stace de Colville was confirmed in 1324 by Robert Colville who is described as "Baro baronial de Ochiltree" which means "Baron of the barony of Ochiltree". The baron made donations to the monks of Kelso Abbey and his barony of Ochiltree was confirmed by David II of Scotland in 1350.
In 1436 Thomas Colville of Oxnam, who was probably Robert's grandson, was selected to accompany Princess Margaret, daughter of James I of Scotland for her marriage to the Dauphin of France, later Louis XI of France. Robert Colville had also been one of the hostages for the release of James I from English captivity four years earlier.
Sir Richard (or Robert Colville) killed John Auchinleck in 1449. Auchinleck was a favourite of the Earl of Douglas (chief of Clan Douglas) and to avenge Auchinleck's fate, Douglas laid waste to all of the lands that belonged to Colville and besieged and took his Kinnaird Castle, with a great loss of life.
16th and 17th centuries.
In 1513 Robert Colville of Hilton was killed at the Battle of Flodden. His son was Sir James Colville of Ochiltree who in 1527 was appointed to the office of Comptroller of the Royal Household. In 1530 he exchanged his lands of Ochiltree for the lands of East Wemyss and Lochorshyre with Hamilton of Finnart. He was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court as Sir James Colville of Easter Wemyss. However he was later accused of treason and his estates were annexed by the Crown, but in 1543 the forfeiture was recalled.
Sir James Colville, third of Easter Wemyss was a distinguished soldier who fought in France for the Prince of Navarre, later Henry IV of France. In 1582 he returned to Scotland with Francis Stewart, 5th Earl of Bothwell, loaded with commendations from his French patrons. In 1604 Sir James Colville was raised in the peerage with the title 'Lord Colville of Culross', which the chiefs still bear today. The second Lord Colville died without issue in 1640 leaving the title to his cousin as heir. However his cousin did not assume the title and it remained dormant until 1723.
18th century.
European Wars.
In 1709 John Colville, "de jure" seventh Lord Colville, served as a soldier at the Battle of Malplaquet which was a great victory for John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. He was made heir to the second Lord Colville in 1722, but a petition to the king claiming the Peerage was referred to the House of Lords for an enquiry. In 1723 the House found in favour of Colville, who was placed on the Roll of Peers. He continued his military career and commanded a battalion at the Siege of Cartagena, where he died in 1741. Colville left a large family who all had successful military careers.
Jacobite risings.
During the Jacobite rising of 1745 Charles Colville supported the British Government and commanded the 21st Regiment of Foot (Royal Scots Fusiliers) at the Battle of Culloden in 1746. He died in 1775 having achieved the rank of lieutenant general.
Seven Years' War.
In 1731 Alexander Colville, 7th Lord Colville of Culross joined the Navy. He soon obtained his own command and by in 1744 became captain of HMS Leopard (1741), a fifty gun frigate. He was later promoted to commodore and obtained command of HMS Northumberland (1750) and sailed to America in 1755 during the Seven Years' War. In 1759 Colville forced the French to raise the Siege of Quebec and retreat. In 1769 Colville was promoted to the rank of Vice Admiral.
19th and 20th centuries.
Charles Colville served with distinction during the Peninsular War and also at the Battle of Waterloo. His two elder brothers died without issue and so his son, Charles Colville, 1st Viscount Colville of Culross, succeeded to the peerage. This Charles Colville was Chief Equerry to Queen Victoria and Lord Chamberlain to Queen Alexandra of Denmark. He was created Viscount Colville of Culross in 1902.
The brother of the second Viscount was Sir Stanley Colville who was rear admiral and commander in chief at Portsmouth between 1916 and 1919. Stanley Colville received some of the country's highest honors, including Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath.
The Clan today.
John Mark Alexander Colville, the 13th Lord Colville of Culross gained the title in 1945, and served as a Home Office Minister under Edward Heath and was a member of the UN Human Rights Commission. He died in 2010, and has been succeeded by his son, Charles Colville, Viscount Colville of Culross a member of the House of Lords, who is currently the Clan Chief.

</doc>
<doc id="6002316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002316" title="Eastern Air Command">
Eastern Air Command

Eastern Air Command may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="6002317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002317" title="Theatre Journal">
Theatre Journal

Theatre Journal is a quarterly academic journal established in 1949 and an official publication of The Association for Theatre in Higher Education. It covers the field of performing arts and features social and historical research, production reviews, and theoretical inquiries. It also publishes special issues focusing on narrower topics of interest to students of theatre. 
The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="6002325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002325" title="Craig Hepburn">
Craig Hepburn

Craig Daniel Hepburn (born 10 December 1969) is a retired male long jumper from the Bahamas, best known for finishing 13th at the 1992 Olympic Games. His personal best is 8.41 metres, achieved in June 1993 in Nassau. This is the national record. [http://www.gbrathletics.net/cm99.htm]
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="6002334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002334" title="Affection (linguistics)">
Affection (linguistics)

In Celtic linguistics, affection (also known as vowel affection or infection) is the change in the quality of a vowel under the influence of the vowel of the following, final syllable. Subsequently, the vowel triggering the change was normally lost.
The two main types of affection are "a"-infection and "i"-infection. "i"-infection is an example of i-mutation, and may be compared to Germanic umlaut. More rarely, the term "affection" (like "umlaut") may be heard applied to other languages, and is then a synonym for i-mutation generally.

</doc>
<doc id="6002336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002336" title="Jon Boardman">
Jon Boardman

Jonathan George Boardman (born 27 January 1981) is an English footballer who plays for Hungerford Town.
Career.
Boardman was born in Mortimer Common, Berkshire and joined Crystal Palace as a trainee in June 1999, turning professional on 7 July 2000. On 22 March 2001, he joined Woking on loan to gain some first-team experience in the Conference, returning to Palace at the end of the season. 
On 23 August 2001, Boardman accompanied his Palace team-mate David Woozley to Torquay United and began a week's trial (whilst Woozley was signed on a month's loan). However, he returned to Selhurst Park without being registered to play for the Gulls. It later transpired that Palace had thought he was joining Torquay on loan, whereas Torquay manager Roy McFarland had simply wanted to see him in training. In October 2001, he joined Conference side Margate on loan. 
Later that season he joined Woking on loan, moving to Woking on a free transfer in March 2002 after his release by Crystal Palace, having spent the three previous months on loan at Woking. He had not played a single first team game for Palace. He remained with Woking until May 2005 when he joined Rochdale.
He was a regular in his first season with Rochdale, but became a fringe player and had his contract cancelled by mutual consent on 22 January 2007. A week later he signed for Conference National side Dagenham & Redbridge.
In June 2009, Boardman rejoined Woking.
In June 2010, Boardman joined Isthmian League side Kingstonian to help with their 2010-2011 campaign to get into the Conference South. 
After relocating back to Reading Boardman decided to cancel his contract with Kingstonian and has now signed for Hungerford Town in the Southern League Division one South & West. Boardman has received "Supporters Player" of the season for two consecutive seasons and in 2011/2012 completed the hattrick after receiving "Players Player" & "Manager's Player"
Boardman used writes a monthly column for UK football magazine "Shoot Monthly".

</doc>
<doc id="6002338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002338" title="Michael Noer">
Michael Noer

Michael Noer (born 21 March 1969) is an American business writer and editor who has worked for "Forbes Magazine" and "Wired Magazine", and is currently the executive news editor for Forbes.com. 
Career.
Noer graduated "cum laude" from Rice University in 1992, the year before he became a Thomas J. Watson Fellow and spent 15 months traveling through Europe and the Middle East studying the history of Santa Claus.
As a reporter for Forbes, Noer worked on the Forbes 400 list, and in 1996 was the founding managing editor of Forbes.com. In a piece written by Adam Penenberg under Noer's tenure, the site uncovered the journalistic fraud of New Republic reporter Stephen Glass, a scoop that is widely considered a landmark moment for internet journalism and inspired the 2003 film "Shattered Glass". From 1999 to 2000 Noer served as Business editor of Wired, where he edited the Wired 40. 
After returning to Forbes.com, he helped create the Forbes Fictional 15, for which he wrote a satiric look at the business practices of Santa Claus. The Fictional 15 has included Thurston Howell III and Tony Stark among others and continues to this day as more and more characters have been added to the list. He also edited a variety of features for the site, including a look at the greatest athletic achievements of all time,
Sexism controversy.
On 22 August 2006, Forbes.com published Noer's article "Don't Marry Career Women", which included statistics used to defend a thesis that men were unhappier in marriages in which the women earned more than $30,000 a year, as opposed to marriages in which the women worked less. Due to the controversy the article sparked among readers and bloggers, and Steve Forbes, the magazine's editor-in-chief and leading shareholder, issued a public apology.

</doc>
<doc id="6002343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002343" title="Thomas Duncombe Dee">
Thomas Duncombe Dee

Thomas Duncombe Dee (November 10, 1844 – July 9, 1905) was a Utah businessman.
Dee was born in Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales. His parents converted to the Mormon faith in 1856, and the family relocated to Ogden, Utah in 1860. 
Dee had been working as an apprentice carpenter in Wales, and soon was building residential and commercial buildings in Ogden. In 1876, he joined industrialist David Eccles and Hiram Spencer in founding businesses in the western U.S. ranging from sugar to lumber to water and shoes and banking. 
In 1900, Dee became an investor and first president of the Utah Construction Company of Ogden, Utah. On July 3, 1905, he slipped into water while inspecting a potential site for a dam, contracted pneumonia, and died. In 1906, the community was named Dee, Oregon in his honor.
Dee served for over 20 years as the LDS Church's Sunday School superintendent in the Ogden Third Ward and then in the Mound Fort Ward. For almost two deacdes preceding to his death he served as a counselor to the bishop of the Mound Fort Ward .
Among several other civic positions, Dee served as a member of the Ogden City Council.
Sources.
Jenson, Andrew. "Latter-day Saints Biographical Encyclopedia" Vol. 3, p. 58

</doc>
<doc id="6002348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002348" title="Taylor Deupree">
Taylor Deupree

Taylor Deupree (born April 30, 1971), is an American electronic musician, photographer and graphic designer. He is most known for the founding of the 12k record label, along with his work as a member of Prototype 909, and his collaborations with Savvas Ysatis and Christopher Willits. In 2008, Taylor Deupree was the Président d'Honneur of the Qwartz Electronic Music Awards 5th in Paris (France).
Prototype 909 (1993-1996).
A collaboration between Deupree, Dietrich Schoenemann, and Jason Szostek, Prototype 909 was a techno group that performed live without the aid of DAT machines. The group released four albums between 1993 and 1997.
Human Mesh Dance (1993–1997).
Deupree's solo project, Human Mesh Dance, which was begun in 1993 and ended in 1997 was an ambient project that was a strong contrast to Prototype 909's more mainstream techno sound. He released three albums as Human Mesh Dance, along with appearances on numerous ambient compilations.
Work with Savvas Ysatis.
Also in 1993, Deupree teamed up with Savvas Ysatis, a Greek electronic artist, to create several different projects, each with different sounds. Seti produced ambient electronica, with sounds and words from the various SETI projects from around the world. Futique was the duo's trip-hop project, and its Detroit techno output was released under the Arc moniker.
In 1996, the duo formed the short-lived label Index, which released only a single 12" EP, containing four tracks by various artists.
12k.
Deupree founded 12k on January 1, 1997, based on the name of the first Arc album, "12k". On the name 12k:
12k publishes what Deupree refers to as microscopic-sound music, which features super-synthetic sounds, and minimal compositions. 12k also has two sub-labels: Line, which was started as a collaboration with Richard Chartier in September 2000, focuses on ultra-minimal digital ambience, and Happy, begun in September 2003, aims to give Japanese pop artists more exposure outside of Japan.
Early productions by 12k were limited to between 500 and 1,000 units, partially because of limited storage space, and also because the small edition size increased the collectability of the albums. Since around 2001, editions became less limited but still started at between 1,000 and 2,000 copies.
Recent.
Deupree has stated that he will be focusing on releasing microscopic sounds under his own name for the foreseeable future. He has done collaborations with several different experimental artists.
References.
The Sleeping Morning (with Savvas Ysatis, 2008,"record Label here")
External links.
Interviews

</doc>
<doc id="6002377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002377" title="Tim Kempton">
Tim Kempton

Timothy Joseph Kempton (born January 25, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 6th round (124th overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'10" forward-center from the University of Notre Dame, Kempton played in 8 NBA seasons for 8 different teams. He played for the Clippers (1986–87), Charlotte Hornets (1988–89, 1993–94), Denver Nuggets (1989–90), Phoenix Suns (1992–93), Cleveland Cavaliers (1993–94), Atlanta Hawks (1995–96), San Antonio Spurs (1996–97), Orlando Magic (1997–98) and Toronto Raptors (1997–98). He was also under contract with Philadelphia 76ers (1996), but did not play in any NBA games for them.
In his NBA career, Kempton played in 280 games and scored a total of 1,259 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1988–89 NBA season as a member of the Hornets, appearing in 79 games and averaging 6.1 ppg.
His son, Tim Kempton Jr., is currently a freshman playing at Lehigh University.

</doc>
<doc id="6002410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002410" title="Pelon Pelo Rico">
Pelon Pelo Rico

Pelon Pelo Rico is a popular tamarind-flavored candy made under the Lorena brand by the Hershey Company in Jalisco, Mexico. The product originated in Guadalajara.
It comes in regular, sour lime, and extra spicy flavors. Ingredients include sugar, water, glucose, chili powder, citric acid, xanthan gum, and tamarind extract.
The treat's name loosely translates in English to "Yummy-Hair Baldie", because the candy is squeezed out of a tube through a grate, producing a Medusa-like effect.
Pelon Pelo Rico is inexpensive, being sold for approximately US$0.50 at corner stores, and is commonly found in Mexican-owned stores and markets.
It is enjoyed both in Mexico and the U.S.
Lead content.
Pelon Pelo Rico has been implicated in the ongoing controversy in the United States surrounding unhealthy levels of lead in imported candies. It has tested high for lead in nearly 20 percent of government tests between 1994 and 2004.
As of July 2008, this and other similar Mexican candies are safe to eat.
Popular culture.
In 2005, NASCAR driver Kevin Harvick ran a Pelon Pelo Rico car in the Telcel-Motorola México 200. Harvick placed second, losing to Martin Truex Jr., in the Mexico City race.

</doc>
<doc id="6002416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002416" title="Parakh (1960 film)">
Parakh (1960 film)

Parakh is a 1960 Hindi film, based on a story by famed music director Salil Chowdhury, that portrays Bimal Roy's lighter side and is in a satirical look at Indian democracy in its early years. Roy received the Filmfare Best Director Award for the film.
The film became a "semi-hit" at the box office.
Plot.
The central character is the Post Master who is given a mysterious cheque for 500,000 to be given to anyone who will use it to benefit the people of the village. There is a postman who pretends to be lame and is secretly rich and may have sent the cheque. Then the postmaster's wife who is sick and would rather use the money to cure her illness and his beautiful daughter Seema (played by Sadhana), who has a crush on the village school master. Meanwhile all the greedy and influential people of the village are busy trying to convince everybody why they are most deserving of the money; they include the village priest, the land lord, the money lender, the village doctor and the school master, who is by far the most respected. They all decide democracy is the best means and decide to hold an election where the winner gets the money. The movie is a satirical look at democracy through various twists and turns in the plot interweaved with a simple love story.
Music.
This film has a very popular song "O Sajana, Barkha Bahar Aai..." sung by Lata Mangeshkar, penned by Shailendra and composed by Salil Chowdhary who also happens to be story-writer of the film. 
Awards and nominations.
"Parakh" is one of the seven Bimal Roy's film where he won Filmfare Awards for Best Direction. 

</doc>
<doc id="6002428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002428" title="Giustiniano Participazio">
Giustiniano Participazio

Giustiniano Participazio (; died 829) was the eleventh (traditional) or ninth (historical) Doge of Venice from 825 to his death. His four years on the ducal throne were very eventful. He was made hypatus by the Byzantine emperor Leo the Armenian.
Giustiniano was away in Constantinople when his father, the then-reigning Doge Agnello, appointed his younger brother Giovanni as co-doge. When Giustiniano returned, he flew into a fury. Agnello appointed his third son, also Agnello, co-doge and began to oppose Giustiniano, even besieging him in the church of San Severo. Giustiniano gained the upper hand, however, and exiled his younger brother and succeeded his father as doge in 827. He was married to a woman named Felicita.
The Byzantine Emperor, Michael II, offered military support to Venice in return for a contingent of Venetians in his expedition to Aghlabid Sicily. The success of the expedition increased the prestige of the city.
While the contest (fomented by Charlemagne and by Lothair I) between the patriarchs of Grado and Aquileia over the Istrian bishoprics continued, Giustiniano worked to increase the prestige of the Venetian church itself. Traditionally, Venice was first evangelised by Saint Mark himself and many Venetians made the pilgrimage to Mark's grave in Alexandria, Egypt. According to tradition, Giustiniano ordered merchants, Buono di Malamocco and Rustico di Torcello, to corrupt the Alexandrine monks which guarded the body of the evangelist and steal it away secretly to Venice. Hiding the body amongst some pork, the Venetian ship slipped through customs and sailed into Venice on 31 January 828 with the body of Saint Mark. Giustiniano decided to build a ducal chapel dedicated to Saint Mark to house his remains: the first Basilica di San Marco in Venice.
Giustiniano recalled his brother Giovanni from Constantinople, because he had no sons by his wife, and appointed him to continue the construction of the new church for Venice's new patron saint. Giovanni succeeded the aged Giustiniano on the latter's death the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="6002434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002434" title="Upton Coombe">
Upton Coombe

Upton Coombe () is a 7.4 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Hawkesbury Upton, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="6002435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002435" title="Cabot rock monument">
Cabot rock monument

The Cabot Rock Monument is an inscribed rock located at Grates Cove, Newfoundland, Canada. The monument to what is believed to be bear the names of the John Cabot and his youngest son Sancius.
Grates Cove is a fishing community located at the very tip of the Bay de Verde Peninsula on the Avalon Peninsula, may have been the first point of land that Cabot saw on his second voyage to the new world in 1497. William Cormack had noted in his 1822 journal where he writes, 
Cormack did not mention Grates Cove specifically nor the inscriptions, but through the work of Leo Edward Francis English, head of the Newfoundland Museum in 1946, had taken pictures and confirmed text in the form of names 'IO CABOTO,' 'SANCIUS' and 'SAINMALIA' engraved in the rock.
Michael Howley, the Roman Catholic bishop of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador visited the community to verify its existence in 1897 around the time of the 400th anniversary celebrations of John Cabot’s voyage to the "New World" but had found that the rock was covered by a fishing stage and that fish offal made it difficult to reach.
Then in 1927 Leo English took photos that he claimed to show the words "IO CABOTO", and parts of other names, among them "SANCIUS" and "SAINMALIA".

</doc>
<doc id="6002454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002454" title="Division No. 5, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Division No. 5, Newfoundland and Labrador

Census Division No. 5 is a Statistics Canada statistical division composed of the areas of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador called Humber Valley, Bay of Islands, and White Bay. It covers a land area of 10,365.63 km² (4,002.19 sq mi), and had a population of 41,004 at the 2011 census.

</doc>
<doc id="6002456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002456" title="James B. Cross">
James B. Cross

James B. Cross (December 17, 1819 – February 3, 1876) was an American lawyer and Wisconsin politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin.
Background and public office.
Cross was born in Phelps New York, in 1819. In 1841, he moved to Milwaukee to practice law. Cross served as probate judge in 1848. He then served three terms as a member of the Wisconsin Assembly in 1849, 1850 and 1855, representing Milwaukee County's First Assembly district. 
Cross served for three terms as mayor of Milwaukee from 1855 to 1857. The Milwaukee Police Department came into being while Cross was mayor. Before this time, the Milwaukee County Sheriff and his deputy maintained law and order. He was a Wisconsin delegate at the Democratic National Convention in Cincinnati, Ohio on June 2, 1856.
Run for governor.
Cross ran as the Democratic nominee for Governor of Wisconsin in 1857, but he was accused of financial maladministration during his terms as mayor; and his political association with former Governor (and fellow Democrat) William A. Barstow hindered his gubernatorial campaign. He lost to Republican Alexander Randall in a close vote, 44,239 to 44,693. He 
Life outside public office.
Outside of the political sphere, Cross ran the Juneau National Bank from 1857 to 1862 and then worked in the liquor business from 1867 to 1876. Cross also worked at the post office, rising to head clerk by the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="6002462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002462" title="Dante Caputo">
Dante Caputo

Dante Caputo (born 25 November 1943) is an Argentine academic, diplomat and politician, who served as the nation's foreign minister under President Raúl Alfonsín.
Academic activity.
Dante Mario Antonio Caputo was born in Buenos Aires to parents from the Viggianello Basilicata Region of Italy. He graduated in political science at the Universidad del Salvador in Buenos Aires in 1966, and subsequently completed a graduate degree at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. Between 1968 and 1972, he held various posts at the Organization of American States, and in 1972, earned doctorate in Sociology at the University of Paris. In 1973 he was appointed as an investigator at the Torcuato di Tella Institute and for six years he headed the centre of investigations on state and administration.
Caputo taught at the Universities of Buenos Aires, del Salvador, Paris, Quilmes and La Plata.
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Argentina (1983-1989).
During the government of Raúl Alfonsín (1983–1989) Caputo served as Minister of Foreign Affairs ("canciller") of Argentina and was the only minister to serve most of the President's term in office.
In this position:
Political activity and public service.
Alfonsín's stand, though unpopular at the time, soon proved correct and was partly responsible for his securing the Radical Civic Union (UCR) nomination in 1983. Raúl Alfonsín was elected president on October 30, naming Dante Caputo Foreign Minister-designate.
Helping shepherd the Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina to ratification by voters and congress, Caputo was honored with the ceremonial post of UN Assembly President in November 1988.
Following his departure from the foreign minister's desk, Caputo was elected as a national deputy in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies and he served as vice-president of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
In 1992 Caputo represented the OAS and the United Nations in Haiti as a special envoy. In 1993 he was appointed the UN Secretary General's representative to Haiti, as a sub-secretary of the UN, and negotiated an agreement to allow democratic transition on the island.
Having been a member of the Radical Civic Union (UCR), Caputo endorsed the FrePaSo ticket ahead of the 1995 general elections, and joined the centre-left party New Space ("Nuevo Espacio"), later that year. He served as Vice President of the Frepaso coalition from 1996 on behalf of New Space. In 1997, he was once again elected a deputy. He left New Space after personal differences with Carlos Raimundi, and in 1998 joined the Popular Socialist Party, remaining as vice-president of FrePaSo until 2000. In 1999, he sought the FrePaSo nomination for election as Mayor of Buenos Aires, but lost to Aníbal Ibarra, who went on to win in 2000.
In 2000, Caputo joined the government of Fernando de la Rúa, who had won the Presidency at the head of the UCR-FrePaSo Alliance, in 1999. Caputo became Secretary of Science, Technology and Productive Innovation, resigning in February 2001.
Between June 2001 and September 2004, he directed the Regional Project on democratic development in Latin America of the United Nations Development Programme.
He is a member of the Council of the Permanent Assembly for Human Rights of Argentina and is sub-secretary of the Organization of American States.

</doc>
<doc id="6002475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002475" title="Uphill Cliff">
Uphill Cliff

Uphill Cliff () is a 19.8 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Uphill, North Somerset, although it is in the Avon Area of Search used by English Nature which is based on the 1974-1996 county system.
The site was notified as an SSSI in 1952 and the area increased in a 1984 Revision. The site excludes Uphill Church and grounds.
It consists of species-rich calcareous grassland and rock-face situated on Carboniferous Limestone. Steeper banks and knolls in the grassland have a flora which includes orchids Somerset Hair Grass "Koeleria vallesiana", and Honewort
Trinia glauca and the Goldilocks Aster "linosyris" along with several species of butterfly and Weevil ("Curculionoidea").

</doc>
<doc id="6002476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002476" title="AIFV">
AIFV

The AIFV ("Armored Infantry Fighting Vehicle") is a tracked light armored vehicle that serves as an infantry fighting vehicle (IFV) in the armies of several countries. It is a development of the M113A1 armored personnel carrier.
History.
In 1967, funded by the U.S. Army, the FMC corporation produced two prototype vehicles designated as XM765 - these were based on their experiences with the earlier XM701 vehicle, developed for the MICV-65 program. The XM765 was based on the M113A1, upgraded with an enclosed turret and firing ports, so that the infantry could fight from within the vehicle. The army evaluated the vehicle, but decided that they wanted a better protected and more mobile vehicle, selecting instead the M2 Bradley.
FMC continued development as a private venture, resulting in the product improved (PI) M113A1 in 1970. The PI M113A1 had the driver and engine at the front, with an enclosed weapon station in the center of the hull and the commander seated at the rear. This arrangement meant that the commander had a very poor forward view. FMC went back to the drawing board and came up with a new design, which had the driver on the front left of the hull and the commander seated behind him. To the right of the commander was a one man turret. The vehicle would later be designated the AIFV (armored infantry fighting vehicle).
While the US was uninterested in the design, a number of other governments were interested in the vehicle, which was simpler, lighter, and cheaper than the Bradley. After a series of demonstrations and the delivery of four evaluation vehicles in 1974, the Netherlands government placed an order for 880 of the vehicles in 1975, which were designated YPR-765 when they entered service. Some changes were made at the request of the Dutch government, including shifting the weapon station to the right side and moving the commander behind the driver. The Netherlands ordered 2,079, of which 815 were produced locally under license. Under the YPR-2000 program, virtually all Dutch vehicles were upgraded to YPR-765A1 standard and are easily identified by the 3-tone NATO camouflage pattern. During the war in Afghanistan, several vehicles were fitted with additional armour.
The Philippines also received 45 vehicles in 1979, these were intended to take 25mm cannons, although some were later modified to fit 12.7mm machine guns.
In 1979, Belgium placed an order for 514 AIFV-B (to be produced locally) along with 525 M113A-B (similar to the M113A2). The first vehicles were delivered in 1982.
Turkey selected the AIFV in 1989, after a competition involving the Alvis Vickers Warrior IFV and United Defense LP Armoured Infantry Fighting Vehicle. The total value of the contract for 1,698 vehicles was US$1.076 billion. The first 285 hulls were produced in Belgium, the remaining vehicles were produced entirely in Turkey. A little way into the production run, with 200 vehicles completed, the Turkish AIFV specification was updated to include a more powerful power pack developing 300 horsepower, an Allison X-200-4 transmission and hydrostatic steering from the M113A3. During the production run, a number of changes were made to the armament of the vehicle, including different turret packages, and power packs.
Description (per Dutch variant).
The hull of the vehicle is made of welded aluminum, with spaced steel laminate armor bolted onto the side and front. The voids of the armor are filled with polyurethane foam, which gives the vehicle extra buoyancy when travelling in the water.
The engine sits on the front right of the hull, behind a hatch that can be used to remove the complete powerpack. The powerpack is similar to the M113A1, except for a larger radiator capacity and turbocharger. The transmission is also fitted with heavy duty components from the M548 tracked cargo carrier. Immediately to the left of the engine is the driver, above whom is a hatch that opens to the right. The driver has four M27 day periscopes. The driver's center periscope can be replaced by a passive infra-red periscope for night driving. The commander sits immediately behind the driver, and has a cupola that can be completely traversed. The cupola has five periscopes, four of which are M17 day periscopes, the fifth has 1x to 6x variable magnification.
The turret is fitted on the right side of the hull behind the engine. The turret, which has electro-hydraulic traverse, can elevate from -10 to +50° and can traverse and elevate at a speed of 60°/sec. The turret mounts an Oerlikon Contraves 25 mm KBA-B02 cannon with a dual ammunition feed and 180 rounds of ready use ammo, with another 144 rounds stored in the hull. Mounted to the left of this gun is a 7.62 mm FN MAG machine gun, which has 230 rounds of ready ammo, with a further 1,610 in the hull.
The troop compartment is at the rear of the hull; a large power operated ramp allows access through the rear of the vehicle, a door is also provided in the ramp. Additionally a single piece hatch covers the top of the troop compartment. The compartment contains seven troops in the Dutch variant, with six sitting back to back facing outwards and a single passenger sitting between the command and the turret facing backwards. There are two firing ports in each side of the hull and a single firing port in the rear. The side firing ports are provided with M17 periscopes, the rear one is fitted with a M27 periscope.
Variants.
Philippine service variants.
The Philippine Army uses a mixed variant of earlier AIFVs similar to the Dutch YPR-765, and later variants from Turkey based on the ACV-300.
Turkish service variants.
See ACV 300
UAE variants.
"Note: all are ACV-350 and fitted with air-conditioning and an over-pressure NBC system."

</doc>
<doc id="6002480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002480" title="Dayman Island">
Dayman Island

Dayman Island is a privately owned island located off the coast of British Columbia, Canada, beside Thetis Island and Hudson Island. It is about in size, and has a 2100 sq ft (195.1 m²) year-round main residence and a caretaker's residence.
Likely named after Dayman, an officer aboard HMS "Thetis", 36-guns, on this station 1851-1853, under the command of Captain Augustus Leopold Kuper, CB. As Kuper Island was named in 1858 by Captain Richards, HMS "Plumper", Dayman Island was possibly named at the same time, although not labeled on resulting Admiralty Chart 579.

</doc>
<doc id="6002490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002490" title="William Dawes Miller">
William Dawes Miller

William Dawes Miller ( 1918 – April 9, 1993) was an American engineer. He was also a director of the Pioneer Fund and President of the Metropolitan Club in Manhattan.
He graduated from Carnegie Institute of Technology. Miller was an engineer and operations officer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory for the United States Atomic Energy Commission (Manhattan Project). Later he was chief engineer at Continental Copper & Steel on the Texas Towers radar project. He went on to be President and CEO of Consolidated Aluminum, and later a senior vice president at The Anaconda Company.
He died of a heart attack in Palm Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="6002492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002492" title="Theatre Topics">
Theatre Topics

Theatre Topics is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1991. It is an official publication of the Association for Theatre in Higher Education. The journal covers theater arts, with a focus on performance studies, dramaturgy, and theater pedagogy. It is intended to inform readers of notable trends on-stage and in performing arts education. The editor-in-chief is James Peck (Muhlenberg College).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Arts and Humanities Citation Index, Avery Index to Architectural Periodicals, Bibliography of Asian Studies, Current Contents/Arts & Humanities, Dietrich's Index Philosophicus, Humanities Index, Humanities International Index, International Bibliography of Periodical Literature, and MLA International Bibliography.

</doc>
<doc id="6002518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002518" title="Michael Restovich">
Michael Restovich

Michael Jerome Restovich (born January 31, 1979 in Rochester, Minnesota) is an American professional baseball first baseman and outfielder.
High school career.
Restovich attended Mayo High School where after his senior season in 1997 he was named player of the year for the state of Minnesota, and also made the All-American team. He also played basketball in high school. He was scheduled to attend Notre Dame University to play baseball but chose to sign with a professional team instead. His brother and father had previously played baseball at Notre Dame.
Professional career.
Minnesota Twins.
He was drafted in the second round of the 1997 MLB Draft by the Minnesota Twins. In he played for the Rookie-Class Elizabethton Twins, where he hit .355 with 13 home runs in 65 games. He was chosen as the Appalachian League Most Valuable Player. In 1999 with the Quad Cities River Bandits he hit .312 with 19 home runs in 131 games and was selected to both the mid-season and post-season Midwest League All-Star teams. He made it to Triple-A in , where he hit 29 home runs for Edmonton and was selected to the Pacific Coast League post-season all-star team. He also played for the U.S. team in the 2002 All-Star Futures Game. He also played in the AAA All-Star Game in 2003.
Restovich made his Major League debut on September 18, 2002 for the Twins against the Detroit Tigers. He was hitless in four at-bats in that game. His first Major League hit was a home run against Kelly Wunsch of the Chicago White Sox on September 21. He played in parts of three seasons with the Twins from 2002–2004, appearing in 61 games with a batting average of .274 and 3 home runs.
Colorado Rockies / Pittsburgh Pirates.
He was put on waivers by the Twins at the end of spring training in , and picked up by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, only to be claimed off of waivers again, just seven days later, by the Colorado Rockies. He got into 14 games with the Rockies in , hitting .290 in 31 at-bats, before being traded, on May 11, 2005, to the Pittsburgh Pirates for a player to be named later. He appeared in 52 games as a Pirate, but hit just .214.
Chicago Cubs.
After the 2005 season, he was released by the Pirates, and signed by the Chicago Cubs to a minor league contract. He played almost the entire year in Triple-A Iowa, where he hit 27 homers and batted .293.
Washington Nationals.
At the end of the season, he opted for minor league free agency, and was signed by the Washington Nationals.At the end of spring training in , Restovich failed to make the team, but outfielder Kory Casto, after starting poorly, was optioned to Triple-A Columbus to play every day, and Restovich was called up. On the day Restovich was called up, April 18, he debuted for the Nats as a pinch hitter, hit a single, then stayed in the game, and hit a double in the 13th inning that lead to the winning run in a Nats 5-4 game against the Philadelphia Phillies. The following day, he got his first start. But after hitting .143, and going hitless in his last 19 at-bats, he was sent back to Columbus in early May. At Columbus, Restovich finished the season well, hitting .270 with 20 home runs and 58 RBI over 356 AB. After the season, he was granted free-agency.
Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks.
On November 24, 2007, Restovich signed with the Philadelphia Phillies, but then signed with the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks, of Japan's Pacific League on December 8, 2007. He played in 48 games in Japan, with a .223 batting average.
Chicago White Sox.
In January , he signed a minor league contract with the Chicago White Sox with an invitation to spring training. He began the 2009 season with the team's Triple-A affiliate, the Charlotte Knights.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
On January 8, 2010, Restovich signed a minor league deal with the Los Angeles Dodgers with an invite to spring training. He was assigned to the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes to start the season. He hit .305 in 111 games with the Isotopes, including 12 homers and 50 RBI.
Chicago White Sox.
In 2011, Restovich signed a minor league deal with the Chicago White Sox and was assigned to the team's Triple-A affiliate, the Charlotte Knights. In 26 games (96 at-bats), he hit .229, 3 home runs and 8 RBI.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
Restovich was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks from the Chicago White Sox on July 27, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6002525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002525" title="Government Engineering College">
Government Engineering College

Government Engineering College refers to one of several engineering colleges located in India:

</doc>
<doc id="6002527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002527" title="Lorestān bronze">
Lorestān bronze

Lorestān bronze is a set of Early Iron Age bronze artifacts of various individual forms which have been recovered from Lorestān and Kermanshah areas in west-central Iran. They include a great number of weapons, ornaments, tools, and ceremonial objects. The artifacts were created by a major group of Persian aboriginals known as Lurs.
Lorestani Bronze objects were taken illegally to Europe via Mesopotamia and to cover up most of the items taken they called them Mesopotamian while in fact there are no similarities what so ever between the Persian Bronze objects excavated in Lorestan 1943 to 1968, which were dated to be from 5th to 4th millennium BC. The hair pins and four men holding a cup were typical of that period which once again separates Iranian development from whatever was going on in so called Sumerian areas. 
Typical Lorestāni-style objects belong to the (Iranian) Iron Age (c. 1250-650 BC). 
The term "Lorestān bronze" is not normally used for earlier bronze artifacts from Luristan between the fourth millennium BC and the (Iranian) Bronze Age (c. 2900-1250 BC). These bronze objects were similar to those found in Mesopotamia and on the Iranian plateau.
In 1930 a large quantity of canonical Lorestān bronze artifacts appeared on the Iranian and European antiquities markets as a result of plundering of tombs in this region. Since 1938 several scientific excavations were conducted by American, Danish, British, Belgian, and Iranian archaeologists on the graveyards with stone tombs in the northern Pish Kuh valleys and the southern Pusht Kuh of Lorestān.

</doc>
<doc id="6002528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002528" title="Central Group">
Central Group

The Central Group of Companies (Thai: กลุ่มเซ็นทรัล) or Central Holding is a family-owned conglomerate holding company in Thailand that is involved in merchandising, real estate, retailing, hospitality and restaurants. Among its subsidiaries is Central Pattana, which is the largest developer and operator of shopping centres in Thailand and the Central Retail Corporation, Thailand's biggest retail conglomerate. Its chief rival is The Mall Group, which owns Siam Paragon and The Emporium and several suburban shopping centres.
History.
Tiang Chirathivat started a general merchandise store in 1947 in Samphanthawong district, Bangkok's Chinatown. In 1957, Tiang's son, Samrit Chirathivat, opened the first Central Department Store in Wangburapha, Phra Nakhon, Bangkok. The company's property development arm, Central Pattana was founded in 1980, and opened its first shopping centre, Central Plaza Lat Phrao in Chatuchak district, Bangkok in 1982.
Tiang migrated to Thailand from China's Hainan Island in 1927 at the age of 22. He had three wives and 25 children. Tiang died in 1968.
Central Retail Corporation (CRC).
Central Retail Corporation (Thai: เซ็นทรัลรีเทล คอร์ปอเรชัน) is the largest retailer in Thailand, it operates:
Central Embassy.
Central Embassy is a shopping mall under construction located next to Central Chidlom, will open on 9th May 2014.
Central Festival Phuket.
Central Festival Phuket opened on 9 September 2004, located in Phuket Town, Thailand. It is the largest shopping mall in Phuket. It has total retail space of 120,000 square meters with Central Department Store, Supersports, PowerBuy, B2S, Office Depot, Central Food Hall, SFX and products.
Central Festival Phuket East.
Central Festival Phuket East is the expand of Central Festival Phuket, the old area of homeWorks Phuket store. It renovated and changed name from homeWorks Home Shopping Center Phuket. The First opened in 2008 and after renovated, it reopened on 15 December 2012. It located opposite with Central Festival Phuket, has total retail space of 16,000 square meters with Tops Market, PowerBuy Center, homeWorks and 42 retail shops of Home & Decor, Health & Beauty and Food & Beverage.
Robinson Lifestyle Center.
Robinson Lifestyle Center is a new medium size mall concept of Central Retail Corporation. The role of the new lifestyle center concept is to penetrate secondary provinces where big shopping malls are not present. A typical size of the new concept will have a retail space of around 30,000 square metres, with 20,000 net leasable area. First mall opened in November 2011, in Trang, other branches are in Suphanburi, Kanchanaburi. And 6 branches are under construction in Sakon Nakhon, Surin, Saraburi, Prachinburi, Chachoengsao and Roi Et, will open in 2013-2014.
Central.
Central stores are positioned as an upper-market chain. It has 8 stores in Bangkok, 6 branches in upcountry with Rangsit in Pathum Thani Province, Chaengwattana (Pak Kret, Nonthaburi), Chiang Mai, Hat Yai, Pattaya and Phuket, and 3 branches in China with Hangzhou, Shenyang and Chengdu; has 5 more planned for new branches will be open between 2013-2015, in Chiang Mai, Hat Yai, Samui, Grand Indonesia (Jakarta, Indonesia), Nakhon Ratchasima.
Robinson.
The Robinson department store chain was established in 1979 and was merged with Central in 1995. The company has branches in Bangkok, Nonthaburi, Chiang Mai, Hat Yai, Phuket, Patong Beach, Nakhon Si Thammarat, Ayutthaya, Ratchaburi, Sri Racha, Chanthaburi, Udonthani, Ubon Ratchathani, Chonburi, Khon Kaen, Trang, Chiang Rai, Phitsanulok, Rama IX in Bangkok, Surat Thani, Lampang and Kanchanaburi.
ZEN (department store).
The upmarket Zen department store chain was established in 1990 with its first branch as one of the anchors of the World Trade Center in Pathum Wan district, Bangkok. Now named CentralWorld, the shopping center underwent a major renovation in 2006, although it was partly destroyed in a fire during the Thai military's 2010 bloody crackdown on protestors. Protestors claimed the fire was lit by military elements, while the military claimed it was lit by protestors. The CentralWorld branch is due to reopen in August 2011. A second branch was opened in Shenyang, China.
La Rinascente.
On May 27, 2011 Central Retail bought a 100% stake of the 150-year-old store firm for 260 million euros.
"Our ultimate goal is to take it global and to be recognised all across Asia, be it in Thailand, China, Japan or Hong Kong," Chief Executive Officer Tos Chirathivat told reporters.
Central Retail also planned new Rinascente stores in Italy and expected the takeover to break even within eight years. Tos said there would be no change of management team at Rinascente, which is led by Chief Executive Vittorio Radice. Rinascente posted sales of 350 million euros in 2010. Central Retail was still looking for more foreign assets after the acquisition, which is expected to add 15 percent to its sales starting next month, Tos said, adding the Thai company expected sales of 100 billion baht ($3.3 billion) in 2011 and 230 billion baht in 2012.
Illum.
At Denmark, Central Retail took over a 120-year-old retailing business on March 12, 2013, Illum.
Central Pattana (CPN).
Central Pattana () (Thai: เซ็นทรัลพัฒนา) is the retail property development and management arm of the Central Group, Central Pattana was founded on June 17, 1980 with a registered capital of 300 million baht. The company became registered as a public limited company in 1994 and was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand in 1995.
Central Pattana is currently managing 23 shopping centres, 6 office buildings, one hotel and two residential projects. It planned to expand the shopping malls to oversea. The first will be open in Malaysia, around 2016, and other plans has expand to Vietnam, China, India and Indonesia.
Central Pattana mall concepts.
CPN operates 4 kind of shopping mall concepts:
1. CentralWorld with over 200,000 sq/m of net leasable area. There is currently one branch of CentralWorld.
2. CentralPlaza. A typical mall of this size has around 100,000 sq/m of net leasable area. There are currently 18 malls of this concept with 1 more under construction and 2 more planned. The first mall of this concept opened in 1982 and is CentralPlaza Ladprao. It has 2 branches, don't use name of CentralPlaza; Bangna branch uses CentralCity, Pattaya Sai 2 branch uses CentralCenter (before CentralFestival Pattaya Beach opened, Pattaya Sai 2 branch used CentralFestival Center).
3. CentralFestival. Approximately 50,000 sg/m net leasable area. Only 1 branch has recently opened called CentralFestival Pattaya Beach and other branches are under construction in Chiang Mai, Hat Yai, Samui, will open in 2013.
4. CentralWestGate mixed-use project; offer 500,000 square metres of retail space, 5,000-6,000 condominiums and a commercial building such as an office tower. It located on Bang Yai intersection, near Bang Yai Market MRT Station; will be open in late 2014 and completed in 2015.
Centara Hotels and Resorts (CHR).
Central Plaza Hotel Public Company Limited () is a leading hotel chain in Thailand. It was established in 1980 and listed on the SET in 1990, formerly name was Central Hotels and Resorts and changed name to Centara Hotels and Resorts (CHR) (Thai: เครือโรงแรมเซนทารา) in 2007. Today it has 6 hotel subbrands, 1 spa brand and 1 convention center brand, such as;
Central Restaurant Group (CRG).
Central Restaurant Group (CRG) (Thai: เซ็นทรัล เรสตอรองส์ กรุ๊ป) started business in 1978, the first time was a subdivision of Central Plaza Hotel Public Company Limited. The first brand of group is Mister Donut, under master franchisee licence. The group was the pioneer of quick service restaurants of international brand (QSRs) in Thailand. Today, the group has operated in 11 brands of restaurant, such as;
Quick service restaurants (QSRs).
Operating:
Defunct (or expiration of a contract):
Japanese cuisine.
Operating:
Others.
Operating:
Defunct (or expiration of a contract):

</doc>
<doc id="6002536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002536" title="Hans von Koessler">
Hans von Koessler

Hans von Koessler (1 January 1853 – 23 May 1926) was a German composer, conductor and music teacher. In Hungary, where he worked for 26 years, he was known as János Koessler.
Koessler, a cousin of Max Reger, was born in Waldeck, Fichtelgebirge (now part of Kemnath, Upper Palatinate).
He was taught the organ from 1874 to 1877 by Josef Rheinberger and attended the choir lessons of Franz Wüllner in Munich. Immediately after that, he moved to Dresden, where he was appointed director and a teacher for music theory and choir songs at the Dresden School of Music. From 1878 he was also conductor of the Dresdner Liedertafel orchestra. From 1882 to 1908, he initially taught organ and choir at the National Music Academy of Budapest in Hungary. Later, he also became Professor for composition and was also given a peerage.
His students became some of the best Hungarian composers of the time: Zoltán Kodály, Béla Bartók, Ernő Dohnányi; for more see: List of music students by teacher#Hans von Koessler. After his retirement in 1908, he returned to Germany, but became appointed to the agency of Kálmán and Dohnányi in order to ensure that he received a moderate income.
Koessler composed over 130 works, including an opera, two symphonies, symphonic variations for orchestra, a violin concerto, two string quartets, a string quintet, a string sextet, a piano quintet, a suite for piano, violin and viola, and a mass for female choir and organ. He also set psalms to music. However, as a result of his erratic way of living, a large number of his compositions were lost, or found themselves only being played in private hands.
Koessler's chamber music has been highly praised by several commentators, including the eminent chamber music scholar Wilhelm Altmann, who has singled out Koessler's Second String Quartet and his Trio Suite for Piano, Violin and Viola for especial praise.
He died in Ansbach in 1926, aged 73.

</doc>
<doc id="6002540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002540" title="Lesnica (Slovakia)">
Lesnica (Slovakia)

Lesnica () is a large village and municipality in the Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1297.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 485 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="6002554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002554" title="The Almeria Club Recordings">
The Almeria Club Recordings

The Almeria Club Recordings is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on January 8, 2002 on the Curb Records label. This album was said to be a "break-through" in the career of Hank Williams, Jr. He recorded most of the songs at "The Almeria Club," a club that his father, Hank Williams, recorded several songs himself. Kid Rock as well as Uncle Kracker appear on the song "The 'F' Word" giving background vocals

</doc>
<doc id="6002556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002556" title="Yusuf Alli">
Yusuf Alli

Yusuf Alli (born 28 July 1960 in Lagos) is a retired Nigerian long jumper, best known for his gold medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
His personal best is 8.27 metres, achieved at the 1989 African Championships in Athletics in Lagos. This is the Nigerian record. [http://www.gbrathletics.net/cm99.htm] also 8.39 at the commonwelth games (1990)
2nd world cup in athletics 1989 barcelona Spain
African captain 
longest Nigeria captain
technical director athletic federation of Nigeria
manager COJA committee for 8th All African games
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="6002567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002567" title="STS-123">
STS-123

STS-123 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS) which was flown by Space Shuttle "Endeavour". STS-123 was the 1J/A ISS assembly mission. The original launch target date was 14 February 2008 but after the delay of STS-122, the shuttle was launched on 11 March 2008. It was the twenty-fifth shuttle mission to visit the ISS, and delivered the first module of the Japanese laboratory, Japanese Experiment Module (Kibō), and the Canadian Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator, (SPDM) "Dextre" robotics system to the station. The mission duration was 16 days and 14 hours, and it was the first mission to fully utilize the Station-to-Shuttle Power Transfer System (SSPTS), allowing space station power to augment the shuttle power systems. The mission set a record for a shuttle's longest stay at the ISS.
Mission payloads.
STS-123 delivered the pressurized section of the Japanese Experiment Logistics Module (ELM-PS) as well as the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator (SPDM) to the International Space Station. The SPDM was delivered disassembled on a Spacelab Pallet (SLP) and assembled during three spacewalks once it was at the station.
Shuttle processing.
In August 2007, STS-123 crew members participated in crew equipment interface tests for the ELM-PS at Kennedy Space Center. Processing continued on schedule for "Endeavour"'s launch in early 2008. NASA engineers applied the same ECO sensor modifications used on STS-122's external tank, to "Endeavour's" tank. In January, a HEPA filter contamination issue was discovered, but was resolved and with no impact to the mission.
On 11 February 2008, "Endeavour" was "rolled over" to the Vehicle Assembly Building in preparation for mating with the external tank and solid rocket boosters. On 13 February 2008, "Endeavour" was successfully mated with its external tank and solid rocket boosters, and was rolled out to Launch Pad 39A in the early hours of 18 February 2008, for its planned launch on 11 March 2008. The Terminal Countdown Demonstration Test, a full dress rehearsal for launch with the crew, took place 23–25 February 2008.
Mission background.
The mission marked:
Mission timeline.
Flight days are based on the days as experienced by the astronauts, who are generally in a day-and-night pattern that is not equal to that of the launch site. The first flight day is the day of launch for the astronauts. That day started at the launch site on 10 March 2008 (local time), with the actual launch in the early hours of the 11th and the astronauts going to bed several hours after launch. 10 March 2008 is called flight day 1 by NASA, even though the actual mission launched on 11 March.
11 March (Flight day 1, Launch).
"Endeavour" launched on time at 02:28:14 EDT (06:28:14 UTC) early into the night of 11 March 2008, from Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center.
The Flash Evaporator System switched from its primary controller to the backup controller during launch, and instrumentation for a few left-side control thrusters was lost due to a card failure. These anomalies were not expected to affect the mission.
12 March (Flight day 2).
The shuttle closed in on the space station. The crew used a 50 ft (15 m) laser-tipped boom to inspect its wings and nose for any sign of launch damage. The inspection has been standard procedure ever since the 2003 "Columbia" accident. Flight director Mike Moses said a quick look at the images the astronauts beamed down to Earth revealed no signs of trouble.
In addition to performing the inspection, the astronauts also prepared their spacesuits for the five planned spacewalks and gathered the tools they would need for the docking.
13 March (Flight day 3).
Endeavour's commander, Dominic Gorie, guided the shuttle through a 360-degree backflip, known as the rendezvous pitch maneuver, to allow for full photographic surveillance of the thermal tiles on the space shuttle's belly before docking with the space station. Docking occurred at 03:49 UTC and the hatches between the two spacecraft were opened at 05:36 UTC on. After docking the pallet carrying "Dextre" was moved to the Payload ORU Accommodation (POA) of the Mobile Base Station (MSB) by Canadarm.
14 March (Flight day 4).
Spacewalkers Richard Linnehan and Garrett Reisman worked on installing Dextre. However, the Spacelab pallet carrying the SPDM would not power up. Engineers on the ground tried a software patch, though later suspected a design flaw in Dextre's temporary power cable caused the issue.
Crew members on board Endeavour used a robotic arm to remove the Japanese Logistics Module – Pressurized Section (JLP) from Endeavour's cargo bay and attach it to the space station. The JLP was attached to its interim location on the Harmony module at 08:06 UTC.
15 March (Flight day 5).
The crew spent time outfitting the Japanese Logistics Module, transferring supplies and equipment into it from space shuttle Endeavour. The station’s arm operators grappled the Canadian-built Dextre Friday at 01:59 UTC. Canadarm2 successfully powered up Dextre 11 minutes later. Mission Specialists Rick Linnehan and Mike Foreman spent the night in the station’s Quest Airlock in preparation for the second spacewalk of the mission.
16 March (Flight day 6).
Dextre was put together today during the second spacewalk of STS-123. Mission Specialists Richard Linnehan and Mike Foreman completed their 7-hour, 8-minute orbital stroll Sunday at 06:57 UTC. The spacewalkers encountered some difficulty removing two bolts that secured the robot arm during transport, and had to resort to using a prybar to remove them.
Throughout the day, the station and shuttle crew members continued outfitting the Japanese Logistics Module – Pressurized Section.
17 March (Flight day 7).
The crews continued outfitting the Japanese Logistics Module – Pressurized Section, transferring supplies and equipment into it from Endeavour, as well as configuring racks inside the module. The crews tested the brakes in the robotic system’s arms. One of the joints in the arm seemed to be operating right on the required margin. Engineers expressed confidence that this issue would be resolved
Rick Linnehan and Robert Behnken ended their day by “camping out” in the station’s Quest Airlock.
18 March (Flight day 8).
Linnehan and Behnken began the third EVA at 23:51 UTC. The excursion lasted six hours and 53 minutes. Linnehan and Behnken installed a spare parts platform, cameras, and tool handling assembly for Dextre. Among other tasks, they also checked out and calibrated Dextre’s end effector and attached critical spare parts to an External Stowage Platform.
They were unable to attach a materials science experiment to the Columbus module due to issues with the attachment fitting, but may have another opportunity later in the mission.
19 March (Flight day 9).
In a day highlighted by robotics activity, Dextre was attached to a power and data grapple fixture located on the U.S. laboratory Destiny. Canadarm2 grabbed the pallet that secured Dextre during its journey to the orbital outpost and returned the pallet to space shuttle Endeavour’s payload bay for the trip back to Earth.
The station and shuttle crews also prepared hardware to be used in a shuttle tile repair test on the next spacewalk, and got some much needed off duty time.
20 March (Flight day 10).
The crews of space shuttle Endeavour and the International Space Station got some off-duty time at the beginning of their 10th day in orbit. They also spoke to Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda and participated in interviews with U.S. media.
The astronauts spent the remainder of their day configuring tools for the fourth STS-123 spacewalk and reviewing spacewalk procedures. Before going to sleep, Mission Specialists Robert L. Behnken and Mike Foreman entered the station’s Quest airlock for the standard “camp out".
21 March (Flight day 11).
Mission Specialists Robert L. Behnken and Mike Foreman completed the fourth STS-123 spacewalk at 04:28 UTC, spending six hours and 24 minutes on the excursion. The two shuttle crew members replaced a failed Remote Power Control Module — essentially a circuit breaker — on the station’s truss. However, there were difficulties removing a power connector from the Z1 truss.
With Mission Specialist Rick Linnehan coordinating their activities from inside the orbiting complex, the spacewalkers also tested a repair method for damaged heat resistant tiles on the space shuttle. This technique used a caulk-gun-like tool named the Tile Repair Ablator Dispenser to dispense a material called Shuttle Tile Ablator-54 into purposely damaged heat shield tiles. The sample tiles will be returned to Earth to undergo extensive testing on the ground.
22 March (Flight day 12).
The STS-123 crew performed the final inspection of space shuttle Endeavour’s heat shield using the shuttle’s robot arm and the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS). Gorie, Johnson, and Doi surveyed the orbiter’s wings and nose cap to ensure that no damage had occurred to the tiles that protect Endeavour from the heat of reentry.
The crews spent the remainder of their day configuring tools and reviewing procedures for the flight’s final spacewalk. This included the standard “camp out” in the station’s Quest airlock for Behnken and Foreman.
23 March (Flight day 13).
Michael Foreman and Robert Behnken completed their six-hour EVA at 02:36 (UTC), attaching a 50 ft (15 m) inspection pole to the international space station and completing other chores. Foreman and Behnken hooked an extra-long power cord to the inspection pole, to keep its lasers and cameras warm for the next two months, then secured the boom to the outside of the space station.
After finishing that task, Foreman inspected a jammed rotating joint that has restricted the use of a set of solar wings for months. NASA hopes to have a plan for dealing with the jammed joint by the end of the month, space station flight director Dana Weigel said.
24 March (Flight day 14).
The crews of space shuttle Endeavour and the International Space Station completed their last full day together.
Much of the astronauts’ morning was off-duty time. Afterward, the crews wrapped up transfers of equipment and supplies between Endeavour and the station, and out the tools needed for undocking and subsequent activities.
The STS-123 and Expedition 16 crews also held a joint crew news conference, answering questions from members of the media on Earth.
25 March (Flight day 15).
The hatches between "Endeavour" and the International Space Station closed around 21:49 UTC, ending a 12 day stay at the ISS, with a scheduled undocking of 23:57 UTC. Because of problems with a command sent to solar arrays in the ISS, the undocking was delayed 28 minutes and occurred at 00:25 UTC.
26 March (Flight day 16).
The crew of space shuttle Endeavour spent Tuesday getting ready for its journey home and the end of the STS-123 mission. Early in their day, the crew members performed a test of the thrusters that will be used to position the orbiter for re-entry and the control surfaces for its flight through the atmosphere.
The STS-123 astronauts also set up the recumbent seat for Mission Specialist Léopold Eyharts, who joined the crew of Endeavour on the International Space Station. The recumbent seat is a special seat designed to reduce the stress of gravity on those who have spent long periods of time in the weightless environment of space.
27 March (Flight day 17, landing).
Flight controllers gave a no-go on de-orbit for the first landing opportunity at 23:05 UTC (19:05 EDT), due to unfavorable weather conditions at the Shuttle Landing Facility at Kennedy Space Center.
Weather conditions were acceptable for the second landing opportunity, planned for 00:39 UTC 27 March 2008 (20:39 EDT 26 March 2008). The landing occurred at the Shuttle Landing Facility, and was the sixteenth night landing of the Space Shuttle at KSC, 22nd Shuttle night landing overall. Coincidentally, this mission also began with a night launch.
The second landing opportunity was a complete success with main gear touchdown occurring at 20:39:08 EDT (00:39:08 UTC 27 March 2008), nose gear touchdown at 20:39:17 EDT (00:39:17 UTC 27 March 2008), and wheels stop at 20:40:41 EDT (00:40:41 UTC 27 March 2008), completing the STS-123 crew's 16 days, 14 hours, 12 minutes, 27 seconds space voyage.
The exhaust produced by the Hydrazine Gas Generator APUs on either side of Endeavour's tail fin created concern among some observers that something was amiss, as it appeared more pronounced than usual in NASA's visual light cameras. However, this exhaust is normal and expected. The three Hydrazine Gas Generator APUs are activated five minutes before the deorbit burn and are running for five minutes after wheels stop. The mono-propellant hydrazine changes phase due to a catalyst and reaches 1,700 °F (927 °C). The hydraulic power is needed for the shuttle's rudder/speed brake, elevons, body flap and landing gear during descent, and for the main engine nozzles' gimballing during ascent. Each of the Solid Rocket Boosters have two similar Hydrazine Gas Generators for their nozzle gimballing.
Extra-vehicular activity.
Five spacewalks took place during the flight. The cumulative time in extra-vehicular activity during the mission was 33 hours and 28 minutes.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.
Contingency mission.
STS-324 was the designation given to the Contingency Shuttle Crew Support mission which would have been launched in the event Space Shuttle Endeavour became disabled during STS-123. It would have been a modified version of the STS-124 mission and would have involved the launch date being brought forward. The crew for this mission would have been a four-person subset of the full STS-124 crew.

</doc>
<doc id="6002579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002579" title="STS-124">
STS-124

STS-124 was a Space Shuttle mission, flown by Space Shuttle "Discovery" to the International Space Station. "Discovery" launched on 31 May 2008 at 17:02 EDT, moved from an earlier scheduled launch date of 25 May 2008, and landed safely at the Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility, at 11:15 EDT on 14 June 2008. The mission is also referred to as ISS-1J by the ISS program.
Crew.
Commander Kelly discusses the crew.
"I’m really fortunate to be given the crew members that I have on this mission. It’s myself and six others. We do swap one of our crew members with the expedition crew member on board. So Greg goes up, Greg stays on station and Garrett comes home. But the crew that was assigned to me—I’m really fortunate to have some really talented people. Ken Ham, as a pilot, knows the orbiter better than anybody I’ve seen. This is his first flight. My lead EVA crew member is Mike Fossum who did three spacewalks on my previous flight, STS-121. We’ve flown together before. I have all the confidence in the world in his ability to execute these EVAs. Karen Nyberg, my MS1, sits on the flight deck for ascent and entry. She’s also the lead for all the robotic arm operations. She’ll be flying three robotic arms in space, incredibly motivated, well ahead of the game and I expect great things from her. Ron Garan is my flight engineer, a colonel in the Air Force. This is going to be his first time in space as well as is Karen’s and Ken’s and he’s doing three spacewalks. So he's got a lot on his plate. He’s been doing great during training and he’s going to have the opportunity to prove himself during these three spacewalks. I kind of wish it was me getting to go outside. I can’t do that, but we expect great things from Ron as well. And then I have Aki Hoshide, our Japanese crew member, who grew up in New Jersey kind of like me. That’s an interesting thing about our flight—we have four people from New Jersey on the mission. I look at Aki as the payload commander. He is responsible for that Japanese laboratory and he has taken on that responsibility as completely as I could have hoped for. All through our training he’s been very much focused on the Japanese lab, making sure it’s ready to go, making sure we’re completely trained on the systems and everything we have to do. I’ve given him a lot of responsibility and he’s completely taken it on."
Mission payloads.
STS-124 delivered the Pressurized Module (PM) of the Japanese Experiment Module (JEM), called "Kibō", to the International Space Station (ISS). "Kibō" was berthed to the "Harmony" module and the pressurized section of the JEM Experiment Logistics Module, brought up by the STS-123 crew, was moved from "Harmony" to the JEM-PM. The Japanese Remote Manipulator System, a robotic arm, was also delivered by STS-124 and attached to "Kibō". The entire "Kibō" laboratory is being brought up over three missions.
"Discovery" carried with it replacement parts in a mid-deck locker for a malfunctioning toilet on the International Space Station. The crew had been using other facilities for waste until the new replacement parts were installed on the Zvezda module of the ISS.
Flying with the STS-124 crew was an action figure of Buzz Lightyear, a fictional character in the "Toy Story" franchise. Ken Ham, pilot of the STS-124 mission, brought with him episodes of ESPN Radio's Mike and Mike in the Morning, and a plastic microphone stand with the ESPN logo on it. Along with those, a yellow jersey from Lance Armstrong's record-setting seven victories at the Tour de France bicycle race, the backup jersey Eli Manning took to the Super Bowl, and the last jersey that American Major League Baseball's Craig Biggio wore in a game were placed inside the orbiter's lockers.
With the completion of STS-124, the next permanent pressurized module would not be delivered to the ISS by a Space Shuttle until STS-130 brought up "Tranquility" in February 2010.
Mission background.
The mission marked:
Shuttle Processing.
On 26 April 2008 "Discovery" was rolled over to the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) from its processing bay in the Orbiter Processing Facility. Once in the VAB it was lifted vertically and mated with its external tank and solid rocket boosters on 28 April 2008. At the end of a week long prep schedule on 2 May 2008 at 23:47 EDT the stack was rolled out to launch pad 39A on top the Mobile Launch Platform. Carried by the Crawler Transporter, "Discovery" arrived and was secured at LC-39A on 3 May 2008 at 06:06 EDT. The payload canister containing the JEM was rolled out to the Payload Changeout Room at the pad on 29 April 2008 and was later installed into "Discovery"'s payload bay on 5 May 2008. The STS-124 crew arrived at Kennedy Space Center on 6 May 2008 for the 3-day Terminal Countdown Demonstration Test and returned to Johnson Space Center on 9 May 2008 after completion of the launch dress rehearsal. After many flight readiness review tests, Discovery was given a go for a 31 May 2008 launch. Discovery launched on 31 May 2008 at 21:02 UTC. The following is the expected timeline and is subject to change.
Mission timeline.
31 May (Flight day 1, Launch).
The Space Shuttle "Discovery" launched from the Kennedy Space Center at 17:02 EDT local time. Debris from the fuel tank was minimal.
"While we've all prepared for this event today, the discoveries from Kibo will definitely offer hope for tomorrow," said Discovery's commander Mark Kelly just before launch. "Now stand by for the greatest show on Earth."
Launch pad damage.
One of the trenches at launch pad 39A that channels flames away from the shuttle during lift-off was significantly damaged. The subsequent mishap investigation found that the damage was the result of carbonation of epoxy and corrosion of steel anchors which held the refractory bricks in place. These had been exacerbated by the fact that hydrochloric acid is an exhaust by-product of the solid rocket boosters. Repairs to the trench were completed before the STS-125 mission's then scheduled launch attempt on 8 October 2008. In fact STS-125 finally launched in May 2009, and in the meantime STS-126 (November 2008) and STS-119 (March 2009) had both been successfully launched from pad 39A.
1 June (Flight day 2).
During the first full day in space, Ham and Nyberg completed a limited inspection of the shuttle’s thermal protection system using the end effector camera of the shuttle’s robotic arm. The crew also installed the centerline camera and extended the orbiter’s docking system ring to prepare "Discovery"' for arrival at the space station.
2 June (Flight day 3).
Discovery docked with the space station at 18:03 pm UTC and the hatches opened at 19:36 UTC. Greg Chamitoff officially joined the Expedition 17 crew, replacing Garrett Reisman.
3 June (Flight day 4).
Mike Fossum and Ron Garan completed a six hour, forty-eight minute spacewalk at 23:10 UTC. During the excursion, the pair retrieved the Orbiter Boom Sensor System, serviced and inspected components of a Solar Alpha Rotary Joint and prepared the JEM-PS component of the Kibō laboratory for installation. Karen Nyberg and Akihiko Hoshide, using the station’s robotic arm, removed the JEM-PS from the shuttle’s payload bay and latched it in place on the "Harmony" node, completing the task at 23:01 UTC.
4 June (Flight day 5).
The hatch to the Kibō lab was opened at 21:05 UTC. The crew also repaired the malfunctioning ISS toilet.
5 June (Flight day 6).
Fossum and Garan completed the second STS-124 spacewalk. The 7-hour, 11-minute excursion ended at 22:15 UTC. Prior to heading outside spacewalker Garan stated "Mike and I are getting ready to go out the door for our second spacewalk today. It's going to be a wonderful day."
6 June (Flight day 7).
The crew moved the Kibo Logistics Module from Harmony to the Pressurized Module.
7 June (Flight day 8).
Hoshide and Nyberg moved two of the six joints on the Japanese Kibō lab's robotic arm for the first time, maneuvering them very slightly with a series of commands. With the mission at its midpoint astronaut Karen Nyberg commented that "the week has gone way too fast."
8 June (Flight day 9).
Fossum and Garan conducted the third and final spacewalk, replacing an empty nitrogen tank and collecting a sample of debris from the solar array.
9 June (Flight day 10).
Kibō's robot arm was extended to its full 33 feet, with all six joints tested. The astronauts also opened the hatch to the Kibō's storage unit.
10 June (Flight day 11).
The shuttle closed the hatch connecting it to the space station at 19:49 UTC.
"It's amazing what's going on up here," said Chamitoff. "This is just the beginning. Overall, the mission's been a great success," said Kelly from space. "I certainly have a great crew and they're well trained, but there's also a little luck involved."
11 June (Flight day 12).
Discovery undocked from the International Space Station's Harmony Module, at 11:42 UTC. Discovery then conducted a fly-by of the ISS, so pictures could be taken. Saying goodbye to the ISS and its crew, commander Kelly said "We wish them the best with their expedition and we hope we left them a better, more capable space station than when we arrived. Sayonara."
Afterwards the crew of Discovery conducted the late inspection of the shuttle's Thermal Protection System that was unable to be performed as usual on Flight Day 2, due to the size of the Kibo Pressurized Module.
12 June (Flight day 13).
Flight day 13 was a rare off-duty day. The only major projects were stowage of the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) and an orbit adjustment burn.
During the day, pilot Kenneth Ham conducted an interview with Mike Greenberg and Mike Golic of ESPN, to be aired on their radio show, "Mike and Mike in the Morning", the following morning on ESPN Radio and ESPN2.
13 June (Flight day 14).
The crew conducted routine testing of the steering jets and an examination of the flight control system. During these tests, a shiny object was noticed trailing the shuttle. This was identified as a thermal clip from the shuttle's rudder speed brake, and should pose no danger during landing.
14 June (Flight day 15, Landing).
The crew worked through their lengthy list of deorbit preparations, which continued for most of the day. They closed the payload bay doors at 11:30 UTC, which took place without incident. All of Discovery's systems were nominal, and with the weather looking very good at KSC the deorbit burn took place on schedule at 14:10 UTC for landing on runway 15 at 15:15 UTC.
At 12:00 UTC, the decision was made to use runway 15 rather than 33. This decision was made based on the sun glare that would be present on the Commander's window as he lined up Discovery with the runway.
Extra-vehicular activity.
Three spacewalks were scheduled and completed during STS-124. The cumulative time in extra-vehicular activity during the mission was 20 hours and 32 minutes.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.
Contingency mission.
STS-326 was the designation given to the Contingency Shuttle Crew Support mission which would have been launched in the event that "Discovery" became disabled during STS-124. It would have been a modified version of the STS-126 mission of "Endeavour", which would have involved the launch date being brought forward. The crew for this mission would have been a four-person subset of the full STS-126 crew, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="6002583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002583" title="Central Department Store">
Central Department Store

Central Department Store (Thai: สรรพสินค้าเซ็นทรัล; Simplified Chinese: 尚泰; Pinyin: Shàngtài) is a Thai department store chain, owned by Central Group. It has branches in Thailand and China.
History.
Started in 1927, 22-year old Nitiang or Tiang Chirathivat, an immigrant from mainland China, travels the sea and settles down in then Siam and started a store in Bangkok named "Keng Seng Lee" or (baskets for sale), which was the start of an emporium.
Later that year, the store moved to Charoen Krung Road, in Bangkok's Si Phraya district. The store sold a large variety of local and international newspapers and magazines and carried the name "Central Trading Store". This was the first chapter of Central Department Stores' history.
In the 1950s, the company grew with more and more stores selling different items. It was one few stores in Bangkok that had the courage to order imported goods for sale and was the first to set up merchandising displays.
In 1973, the Chidlom store opened under the new "one stop shopping" concept. Here customers could come to Central and buy everything they needed under one roof.
In 1981, the Central Lad Ya Branch opened it doors and was the largest of its kind then. Later in 1983 CentralPlaza Lardprao opened it doors and was the largest shopping mall in Thailand at that time.
On December 20, 2005, King Bhumibol Adulyadej conferred the company by Royal Warrant the royal Garuda emblem for its services.
In the year 2010, Central operated 15 branches all over Thailand and planned to open even more stores in the near future.
Branches.
Central currently operates branches in:

</doc>
<doc id="6002587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002587" title="Hal Block">
Hal Block

Harold "Hal" Block (August 2, 1913 – June 16, 1981) was an American comedy writer, comedian, producer, songwriter and television personality. Although Block was a highly successful comedy writer for over 15 years, today he is most often remembered as an original panelist of the television game show "What's My Line?" who was fired from the show in only its third season, reportedly for inappropriate on-air behavior. Block is a controversial figure in the history of television with denunciations being made by some, while praised by others as a writer and for contributing to the original success of "What's My Line?"
During the 1940s, Block was considered one of America's best comedy writers, having worked for many of the top comedians of the era, such as Bob Hope, Abbott and Costello, Martin and Lewis, Milton Berle and Burns and Allen and in all major mediums, including radio, Hollywood movies, Broadway and print. Block also made a major contribution to the USO during World War II.
In March 1950, producers of the new game show "What's My Line?" hired Block for its fourth episode to add humor to the show's format. With a panel previously consisting of journalists, a politician and a poet, reviewers had criticized the show as bland. After a rocky start, "What's My Line?" became one of the top-rated shows on television. Critics praised his work; the "Chicago Sun-Times" called Block the "freshest new personality in TV." However, Block sometimes seemed to lack a sense of propriety. He once risked the sponsor's wrath, referring to their deodorant with the line "Make your armpit a charmpit." His humor could be risqué which antagonized some conservative 1950s viewers. In early 1953, Block was suspended and then fired. He left show business for the investment business a few years later, while "What's My Line?" continued on as a staple of Sunday night television for another 14 years.
Background.
Hal Block was born August 2, 1913 in Chicago, Illinois. He was originally from the Hyde Park area of Chicago. According to Gil Fates, producer of the "What's My Line?" television game show, there were rumors Block had come from a wealthy family. Three comedy writing contemporaries of Block, Melvin Frank, Norman Panama and Bob Weiskopf, also came from Hyde Park. Block attended the University of Chicago High School, graduating in 1930, and then the University of Chicago where he majored in law, graduating in 1935. At the University of Chicago he was co-captain of the university track team, running the 100 and 220 yards sprints, member of Zeta Beta Tau (Alpha Beta, Chicago) fraternity and editor of the university humor magazine.
Phil Baker.
Block had paid his way through college selling material to comedian and radio emcee Phil Baker at $20 a joke ($300 in 2010 dollars). While still in college, he was Baker's head writer. However, getting into Baker's employ had required persistence and some chicanery. Block originally met Baker when he and his then writing partner, Phil Cole, introduced themselves while Baker was performing in Chicago. Based upon Baker's dismissive "Sure, sure, next
time you're in New York look me up" the two promptly followed him to New York. Informed by his agent that he didn't know where Baker was, they went to every likely restaurant leaving the message "When Mr. Baker comes in, tell him that Block and Cole are here." Eventually discovering the suburb where Baker resided, but not the address, they devised the ruse of pretending to send him a wire from the local telegraph office. The attendant noticed the recipient and said "Why, Mr. Baker lives just a few blocks from here!" At Baker's home they told the maid, "Tell Mr. Baker that Block and Cole are here." Angered by all the restaurant messages, Baker charged to the door demanding "Who are Block and Cole, anyway?" Amused by the response that they were "his new writers", Baker met them at his offices the next day. Reading the script, they suggested a joke for his show, but once again he sent them on their way. Despondent and halfway back to Chicago they listened to Baker's radio show which included their joke. They turned the car around and armed with a new comedy routine were subsequently hired.
After two years of studying law, Block quit for the profession of comedy writing.
Writing career.
Block was considered as one of the best writers of comedic radio scripts of the 1940s. During his days as a comedy writer, Time magazine described Block as a "serious, curly-haired, stocky ... gag-factory" who "resembles actor Edward G. Robinson".
Radio, Broadway, Hollywood.
The 1930s and 1940s was the Golden Age of radio and there were significant financial rewards to be made for those writing for radio comedy programs. Phil Baker, for whom Block was the head writer, reportedly spent $1,500 per week on his three writers, equivalent to $24,000 in 2010 dollars. However, the failure rate of those attempting to make it a career was high. Despite the risk, and against his father's expressed wishes, in 1935 Block abandoned the study of law and moved to New York City. However, he was able to achieve immediate success, being hired by the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. He also continued to write for Phil Baker, for whom he would write even into the 1940s, including Baker's hit game show the "$64 Question", By 1937, he was so busy as a writer that in September he only had three hours to stop off in Chicago for his parent's anniversary party before continuing by train to Hollywood writing for Baker's radio show. In the years that followed, Block would establish his reputation by writing for many of the top comedians in radio, including Bob Hope, Burns and Allen, Eddie Cantor, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis and Milton Berle.
In the early 1940s with the world at war and the depression still a recent memory, light-hearted musical comedies were popular and Block found his humor skills were in demand for Broadway musicals and Hollywood movies. As early as 1939, he contributed dialog and music to the film "Charlie McCarthy, Detective". In 1940, he wrote the low-budget Universal film musical "I'm Nobody's Sweetheart Now." and contributed to the script for 1943's Stage Door Canteen. He also made contributions to successful Broadway shows, such as "By Jupiter", "Let's Face It!" and "Follow the Girls". In 1941, he was hired to write dialogue for the Broadway revue "Sons O'Fun", Olsen and Johnson's sequel to their hit show "Hellzapoppin". "Sons O'Fun" ran for 742 performances.
Block also showed an instinct for financial opportunities. During the test run in Boston of "Follow the Girls", Fred Thompson, the show's principal writer, lost faith in the show and sold his shares to Block for $3,000. Starring a young comedian, Jackie Gleason, the show became a wartime hit and a huge financial success.
Block was also a columnist and wrote articles for various publications, including Variety, Collier's and the Chicago Daily News.
USO.
Late in 1942 and through most of 1943, Block's career was interrupted by his participation with the USO. Just prior to U.S. involvement in World War Two, President Roosevelt spearheaded the formation of the United Service Organizations to provide entertainment for American servicemen both at home and in war zones. In November 1942, Block wrote an all-star revue for the USO to be performed for the growing American Expeditionary Forces in England. Hollywood stars who volunteered to stay in England for two months to perform in the revue, included Carole Landis, Kay Francis, Mitzi Mayfair and Martha Raye. In December, the Office of War Information sent Block to London to prepare radio broadcasts and write jokes for touring American stars who performed for the troops stationed in England. He soon discovered that writing for soldiers, British and American, required a specialized technique and he studied British humor to understand how it differed from American humor both in language and taste. Also, a military audience required unique sensitivities as soldiers did not laugh at subjects such as strikes in wartime industries, shortages endured by civilians, or especially cheating wives. He also wrote some American-slanted material for British comedian Tommy Trinder.
With the BBC.
Block was then assigned to the staff at the BBC to add American comedic sensibility to the "Anglo-American Hour" and "Yankee Doodle Doo" radio programs. Maurice Gorham, BBC executive and journalist who had "seen a lot of Block" during his BBC days, gave his impressions of Block as "a real Broadway type who reminded me of a Damon Runyon character suddenly set down in a Broadcasting House." His contribution to the BBC was once singled out by the North American Representative of the BBC, Lindsay Wellington, to dispute Associated Press accusations of excessive British censorship. In a December 6, 1943 letter to the New York Times he wrote, "Nor would it have been possible for Hal Block, American scriptwriter, to write the highly popular London-produced program for combined U.S. British soldier audiences "Yankee Doodle Doo"."
Block made use of his Broadway experience in music comedy. Block and UPI correspondent and lyricist Bob Musel wrote the popular song "The U.S.A. By Day And The R.A.F. By Night" for the "Eighth Air Force" show. The song has been called "the most entertaining song about the war in Europe." The song was unique in taking the approach of praising US and British airmen indirectly by focusing on the horrified laments of members of the Nazi High Command. With a sardonic tone it featured everyone from Hitler to Rommel bemoaning the effects of the Allied bombing. On one occasion, Block sang the song over BBC radio and when trying to leave the building after the broadcast found himself in the middle of an actual air raid.
An excerpt:
Block also wrote the humorous song "Baby, That's a Wolf", sung by Rosalind Russell. Russell wanted to do something beyond the ordinary to entertain the troops and Block wrote the song especially for her. With this song he has been credited with popularizing the term "wolf" in referring to a libidinous American male, An excerpt:
With Bob Hope's USO tour.
Through most of 1943, Block was Bob Hope’s writer for the first USO overseas tour that Hope ever did. They entertained troops through England, Africa and Italy. Initially, when Hope began his tour he had to write all the jokes, until the USO assigned Block as his comedy writer. Hope said that after Block joined him "the jokes got a lot less shaky." Hope said Block had "learned to write funny in bomb shelters, jeeps, and on the backs of camels."
Working close to the war zone could be dangerous. Hope had followed General George Patton's 7th army into Sicily and one time while Block and Hope were writing a script in a Palermo hotel, the Germans began a bombing raid. "We did a show and ran for our lives," said Block. Immediately after the incident, Patton sent Hope's troupe back to Algiers for their safety. On another occasion, Block was forced to travel alone in the storage compartment of a cargo plane and the crew tied him to the cargo for his own safety. It was only mid-flight when Block realized the boxes he was tied to were filled with live ammunition. There was also an unnerving episode where Block was taken by MPs to the OSS compound as a suspicious character. Block also escaped a real tragedy when he was originally to be a passenger on the ill-fated USO plane which crashed in February 1943, seriously injuring actress Jane Froman and killing 23 others.
At the least, the work was laborious and the conditions often spartan. Block and Hope would sometimes work until four in the morning writing and discussing material, only to head for a car or airfield at six to travel to another camp or hospital. On one occasion in Algiers, Block and Hope were contemplating their accommodations, wondering how they could spend the night sharing a room so small. John Steinbeck, at the time a war correspondent, overheard them complaining. "You'll think this is practically a bridal suite, when you compare it to my room," he told the two. They then followed Steinbeck downstairs to his room, which was half the size of theirs, and were introduced to journalists Quentin Reynolds and H.R. Knickerbocker. Hope noticed even a third man sleeping and asked his identity. "He's the British vice-consul," Steinbeck replied. "This is his room. He invited us to spend the night two weeks ago."
One of the highlights of the USO tour for Block was meeting General Eisenhower in Algiers during the North African campaign. However, Block almost missed out on the meeting and required some assertive action on Block's part. Block was working on the rehearsal of a USO show when at one point realized the rest of Hope's group had disappeared. Block was enraged when he discovered they had left him behind while they went to meet General Eisenhower. Block rushed over to the hotel serving as Eisenhower's headquarters, only to see Hope's entire group descending the stairs, each with an autographed picture of the General. Block talked his way into meeting the General by telling Harry Butcher, at the time Naval Aide to Eisenhower, "Butch, the one keepsake I want out of this war is an autographed picture of the General for my grandkids." Block met General Eisenhower, introduced as "a man who helps make Bob Hope funny."
In August 1943, Block wrote and produced a unique version of Hope's radio show performed for Allied troops and Red Cross nurses from 'somewhere in North Africa'. So popular was the show, a recording was later broadcast twice over the BBC for British audiences.
Top of his profession.
Returning from Europe in 1944, Block resumed his writing career. Block was producer, as well as writer, of Milton Berle's radio show, "Let Yourself Go". The show was described as a "zany, exhibitionist program" similar to the children's game Forfeits in which audience members and famous guests acted out unusual behavior. On one show, Berle promised to buy a $1,000 war bond if Opera Star Grace Moore would perform while standing on her head. With the help of Berle and announcer Kenneth Roberts holding her feet, she did a handstand as Block held the microphone while she sang. In September 1944, Block was the writer for Ed Wynn's program "Happy Island," which was Wynn's return to radio after a decade absence. Also in 1944, Block wrote the song "Buy a Bond Today". Around 1948, Block wrote the material for an album for Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis which was to be used as their audition for entry into television. Block also attained what columnist Hedda Hopper described as a "cushy deal" at a major film studio.
By the late 1940s, Block was at the top of his profession. He was earning a four-figure weekly salary in a day when the average household income was just over $2,000 a year. He resided at the posh Hampshire House in the Central Park South area of New York City, a hotel which was home to Hollywood notables, such as Frank Sinatra, Ingrid Bergman, Ava Gardner and William Wyler. He even dictated his jokes to a secretary. However, Block's father remained unimpressed by his son's success. After attending a radio show Block had written, which ended with tumultuous applause from the studio audience, his father said, "Well, are you ready to go back to law school?"
The life of a comedy writer.
Columnist Elsa Maxwell, commenting on Block's approach to writing, said he was "serious – almost academic – about being funny." Block was once asked what was the hardest material to write for a comedian. He quipped, "The ad libs!" While it was widely believed that emcee Phil Baker ad-libbed the popular game shows "Take It Or Leave It" and "$64 Question", most of the shows were actually written by Block. An example of what appears to be casual conversation, but was actually a joke written by Block, was for entertainer Kenny Murray to say to his television studio audience: "I don't care whether you laugh at my jokes or not. But it will be pretty embarrassing for you if people all over the country find out you don't have a sense of humor."
Lamenting the amount of comedy material a writer needs to supply for a weekly radio show, Block said, "The only difference between us and white mice on a wheel, is that we have ulcers." In order to meet the demand, Block did employ, at least on one occasion, other writers to assist him. Norman Barasch described Block giving him his first writing job at $75 a week when he ghost-wrote jokes for him while Block was head writer for Milton Berle and Ed Wynn.
It was not only the volume of material that was a challenge in writing for radio, but the reality that they were writing for more than simply the audience. It was an era when radio and television shows often had only a single sponsor and since the sponsor paid the show's bills the writer had to please them as well. Block expressed this double-edged sword with his definition of a sponsor as: "A golden goose for whom we lay the eggs." It didn't end with the sponsor. "We have to make the sponsor laugh," Block wrote in Colliers magazine "And besides pleasing the sponsor, we have to please the sponsor's wife, the producer, the men from the advertising agency, the radio and television critics and the federal communications commission." Then there was the issue of radio censorship. Block once quipped that if he tried to produce a radio version of "It Happened One Night", a film famous for a scene of an unmarried couple sharing a bedroom, it would end up being called "It Didn't Happen One Night". Even during his time with the BBC, Block later recalled the occasion when a cannibal sketch he'd written was rejected by the British Home Office. The note justifying the rejection explained they objected to his depicting cannibals because they were "loyal subjects of the king and many of them are now aiding in the fight against the enemy." However, in this case the rejection was reversed, apparently by an executive with a sense of humor, since the explanation for the reversal noted that the cannibals had also eaten many loyal subjects.
Block was also a critic of his profession. By the late 1940s, he'd become concerned about the state of comedy writing on the radio. In 1948, he wrote an article in Variety, which complained about the trend of game shows replacing comedy shows and specifically Fred Allen. In an article entitled "You Can't Top a Refrigerator", he was disturbed that the high-quality of the writing of Fred Allen's show could lose out to the chance to win prizes. He was also to argue for a comedy writer's rights. "Jokes are as hard to write anything else and anyone who wants to use them should be made to pay for them. The gag-writer should receive royalties in the same manner as the song writer", he said in 1951.
Performer and the advent of television.
By the 1950s, television had begun to supplant radio as the main form of entertainment in American homes. In her column of October 11, 1945, Hedda Hopper wrote that Block had "mastered" radio, would likely do the same with movies, and "he'll be in a perfect position for television." Although Block attempted performing as early as 1939, it was not until the early 1950s he began in earnest. In 1951, Block was disk jockey for his own twice-a-week radio program "Around the Clock" on WJZ in New York City, was moderator for the short-lived television game show, "Tag the Gag" and hosted a show, "Four to Go" on WGN in Chicago. However, it was as one of the original panelists on the television game show "What's My Line?" from 1950–1953 which gave Block national fame. "What's My Line?", a guessing game in which the show's panel tried to uncover the unusual profession of guests, became one of the most popular shows on television in the 1950s and ran for 17 seasons, making it the longest-running game show in the history of prime-time American television.
"What's My Line?".
On February 2, 1950, "What's My Line?" premiered on CBS with a panel consisting of columnist Dorothy Kilgallen, author, poet and editor Louis Untermeyer, psychiatrist Richard H. Hoffmann, politician Harold G. Hoffman with journalist John Daly as host. Some reviews of the first show criticized it as bland and colorless. Even Mark Goodson, one of the show's producers, said the early shows were "as dull as dishwater" and, years later, confessed to feeling at the time that the show wouldn't last more than six weeks. The producers quickly realized the problems lay with the casting and that the show needed some lighter elements. Actress Arlene Francis was first brought onto the panel and then on March 16, 1950, the fourth show, Block replaced Hoffman. Block continued as a regular panelist for the next three years.
Block brought humor to "What's My Line?". On one show, upon a contestant being revealed to be a skunk breeder, Block was surprised they hadn’t be able to guess his occupation because, "After all, the fellow had a certain air about him." Block was able to bring levity to what may otherwise have been serious, dry topics, such as with the appearance of Estes Kefauver, a U.S. Senator who was leading an investigation into organized crime. Much of the investigation was televised and Block suggested to Kefauver he change the name of his broadcast to "What's My Crime?". Block also created what became a tradition of the show's opening. At the beginning of the show each panelist would introduce the panelist sitting beside them, except for the last who would introduce Host John Daly. It was Block's idea, as the last panelist, to break from the simple, straightforward introduction and instead introduce Daly with a joke. This was later taken up by Bennett Cerf after Block's departure. It also fell to Block as the comedian, then later Steve Allen and Fred Allen, to participate in what Gil Fates called his "Gambits". Prior to the broadcast, Fates would hint to Block a line of questioning for one of the guests which he felt would generate the most laughs. Fates has said it required a comedian to sense from his clues what would generate laughter. For example, with a guest who manufactured girdles, Block was advised to ask questions about kitchen items. On the show Block asked, "Will it make ice-cubes?" To a professional sword swallower he asked, "Do you work outdoors–or is yours considered an inside job?." While technically not cheating, as the panelist was not told the guest's profession, the practice was eventually discontinued in light of the quiz show scandals.
Fame.
After a rocky start, by 1952, "What's My Line?" had become one of the highest rated shows on television. Major publications praised Block's work on the show. Irv Kupcinet of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called him the "Freshest new personality in TV." Sid Shalit of the "New York Daily News" called Block "Effervescent." "Vogue" magazine said, "People are laughing at Hal Block." The "Chicago Tribune" called Block, "A Golden Boy on TV." The "Philadelphia Inquirer" called Block's humor "Impish buffoonery."
Block said he found that he loved the performing side of the business. "I've just discovered it," he said. He also, enjoyed appearing on "What's My Line?" saying the show was "no effort at all to it, wonderful people to work with." The show was also financially rewarding. In an interview years later, Bennett Cerf said panelists were paid a "scandalous amount", especially as "What's My Line?" was entirely ad-libbed, there were no rehearsals, and essentially required just a half-hour's work a week.
Block had made the difficult leap from the obscurity of working as writer to becoming a hugely popular television figure in a very short period of time. As a writer Block had worked in anonymity. "For years nobody recognized me, not even the comedians I wrote for," he said. The show had made Block famous overnight and he admitted enjoying it, "Don't think I mind this being recognized, for I love it." However, Bill Todman, the show's producer, said "Hal was never able to live with the idea of being a celebrity."
Popular, but problematic.
During the first three years of "What's My Line?", Block had gained popularity with a wide portion of the television viewing audience, but behind the scenes he was having problems with the sponsor and producer. According to fellow panelist Bennett Cerf, Block's personality and background set him apart from the other cast members. Publisher Bennett Cerf had joined the cast during the show's second year when Untermeyer was dropped from the show because of accusations of being a communist. Upon his first meeting with the panel members Cerf thought of Block as "a clod. He wasn't in the same class as the others." Norman Barasch, who once wrote for Block, said "Suave, Hal Block wasn't." "What's My Line?" producer Gil Fates, in his 1978 book about the show, described Block as "a strange man", adding he was "stocky with curly black hair, heavy lips and, rather bulging eyes."
Block's humor at times could prove problematic as he sometimes seemed to lack a sense of propriety. He once risked the sponsor's wrath by referring to their deodorant with the line "Make your armpit a charmpit." Cerf said that Block "had a style of humor none of us was too fond of." Block would also sometimes use risqué humor. However, he was not alone in this inclination as other "What's My Line?" panelists often employed double entendres on the show. The issue occurred often enough that Host John Daly had developed a surreptitious signal, the pulling of his right ear lobe, as a warning to panelists to desist. In these early days of television many programs, including "What's My Line?", were broadcast live and this type of humor became a concern of the sponsor. Although Block was not alone in such behavior, he became regarded as the chief offender.
Even prior to "What's My Line?", Block's humor had always been inclined towards the sexual, as far back as a writer for Olsen and Johnson, whose bawdy shows usually involved at least one chorus girl losing her skirt. Once when addressing a group of businessmen and secretaries, Block told them, "Where would you men be without your secretaries? Probably home with your wives." This inclination continued onto the show. Once, when the guest was a female disk jockey, Block employed this line of questioning:
After receiving a positive response to each, Block concluded:
Block was also in the habit of asking an attractive contestant for her phone number, or in one case, even chasing a female contestant around the desk à la Harpo Marx. When each panelist was guessing the occupation of one female contestant prior to the regular line of questioning, Block said, "She's cute." Although Block intended these faux pas as humor, "What's My Line?" had built a large segment of their audience which was conservative and regarded it as inappropriate.
While Block continued to receive positive press and his jokes during the show were often quoted in newspaper columns, there was also criticism. Journalist William S. Schlamm wrote in the June 2, 1952 issue of "The Freeman" that Block, "on the flimsy ground of being a gag writer, for more than a year has kept claiming dispensation from elementary rules of taste." By 1953, producers had given Block repeated warnings from producers about his behavior which he was apparently ignoring.
Firing.
In January 1953, Block was suspended for two weeks because the sponsor objected to one of his comments during the show. Steve Allen, at the time an up-and-coming comedian whose appearances on "What's My Line?" would springboard his career, took Block's place on the panel during the suspension. While Block vacationed in Miami for the duration of the suspension, the network was deluged with letters from his fans demanding his return. Years later, in recollecting these days of "What's My Line?", Bennett Cerf argued that by this time Block was no longer essential to the show. According to Cerf, since he had begun to introduce his own jokes and puns into the show, he now had the more important role and Block had "became second banana." Amidst this turmoil, on February 5, 1953, winners for television's Emmy Awards were announced and "What's My Line?" won the Emmy for "Best Audience Participation, Quiz or Panel Program".
Shortly after Block's return, on a Sunday night in early February, executive producer Gil Fates invited Block to a local bar for a drink. Block listened quietly for several minutes as Fates explained why his contract was not being renewed and was being let go after three more shows. According to Fates, when he finished talking, Block stood up, finished his drink, smashed the glass on the floor, said "You never did like me, you son-of-a-bitch" and walked out.
After three years on "What's My LIne?", Block appeared on three more shows, fully aware these were his last. Steve Allen also appeared on these shows, replacing Bennett Cerf who was away on a seven-week lecture tour. On Sunday, March 1, 1953, Block appeared on "What's My Line?" for the last time. The March 3, 1953 "New York Times" announced that Bennett Cerf was "displacing Hal Block" and that Steve Allen, who Fates later wrote "was standing in the wings", would be continuing on the panel. Absent Block, "What's My Line?" continued on as a staple of Sunday night television in America for another 14 years.
While the firing of Block had the desired effect of toning down the sexual innuendoes, this aspect of the show would still draw occasional criticism. In 1957, four years after Block's departure from the show, Hearst columnist Bill Slocum wrote in his column accusing "What's My Line?" of "the carefully implanted double entendre." However, he went on to add, "Nobody on the panel leers since Hal Block left." In 1979, the book "TV Gameshows" proffered the opinion that Block was actually let go from "What's My Line?", because he "proved too overbearing."
Final years in show business.
Block continued working in show business for a few more years. Immediately after being fired, Block starred at Minsky's, a burlesque club, in Detroit. He was billed as "Dimples Block of 'What's My Line'?" Late in 1953, Block was hired as host of a television morning show directed towards women on WGN-TV in Chicago. He left the show after only two months due to an incident involving a group of paraplegics who had been invited to appear on the program. After traveling 20 miles, at great inconvenience, they were not used on the show. Block also "had difficulty with a doctor who accompanied them." In October 1953, Block was found guilty of speeding and driving without a license. In June of the same year, Block had been arrested in Chicago and charged with drunk driving. The drunk driving charge was dropped. In 1954, Block wrote and performed the satirical song "Senator McCarthy Blues". The song's theme was about a man who had lost his girlfriend to her obsession with watching the McCarthy hearings on television. In 1955, Block was working on Ted Mack's television show. In 1956, Block wrote the rock and roll song "Hot Rod Henry" for the B-side of Lola Dee's 45 rpm recording of "Born to Be with You".
In early 1957, a sneak preview in Florida of "Second Honeymoon", a new television show Block was producing, had to be cancelled because there were no prizes. Block explained to a local newspaper that he had bought prizes in a pawnshop across from the station, WTVJ, but the shop was closed before he could retrieve them for the show. Block also complained how the incident was reported by the "Miami News" columnist, Jack W. Roberts, including that he had described Block as a "former What's My Line? panelist." Block said he was better known as a producer and comedy writer. Block continued to write, having a story published in the Saturday Evening Post 'Hal Block's Inventions". In February 1957, Block was found guilty of drunk driving in Miami Beach, Florida and for not having a valid driver's license. At the trial the arresting officer said Block, who was staggering, refused to take a Drunkometer test (the original breathalyzer), was belligerent and told the officer he would regret arresting him because he was "a big man".
By 1960 it was reported Block had moved into the investment business, but hoped to eventually return to television.
Personal life and death.
During his early writing days, Block was friends with fellow comedy writers Bill Morrow, a Jack Benny writer, and Don Quinn, who wrote for Fibber McGee and Molly.
During Block's years in radio and television, newspaper columns had linked him romantically to several actresses and singers including Nanette Fabray, Dorothea Pinto and Joan Judson. Plans for marriage were reported between Block and Mitzi Green, and then later Kay Mallah, a showgirl. Green had been a childhood star and in 1941 was attempting to make comeback at age twenty-one. Block, along with Herb Baker, was writing a Broadway show for her. When Block and Green split, he began seeing Dorothea Pinto, a chorus girl. Pinto once made some news while she was working at the "Diamond Horseshoe" nightclub in New York and punched one of the club's investors. Pinto appeared as a showgirl in "Follow the Girls", which Block wrote. Block once explained he preferred being a bachelor because "wives were too expensive."
On April 22, 1981 Block was seriously burned from a fire in his Chicago apartment. On June 16, 1981, Block died in Edgewater Hospital, Chicago, as a result of the injuries. He was survived by two sisters.
Legacy.
Through the 1930s and 1940s, Block, while anonymous to the general public, was considered by many in the business as one of the best comedy writers working in network radio, Hollywood movies and Broadway shows. Block also made a major contribution to the USO during its early formative years and was Bob Hope’s comedy writer on the first USO tour Hope ever did. Block was also a critic of the entertainment business itself, writing articles for major publications where he discussed the writing profession, censorship, the influence of advertisers and the trend of deteriorating quality of radio programming.
In the early 1950s, Block joined the panel of the new television show "What’s My Line?" after the first few shows were criticized as dull and the show was in danger of cancellation adding a comedic element to the format. The show survived and by the time of Block’s departure was rated as one of the top shows on U.S. television. Block had set the precedent of having a comedian on the panel as he was subsequently followed by Steve Allen and then Fred Allen.
Block remains a controversial figure in television history, with denunciations being made by some, while praised by others. Journalist Earl Wilson had once dubbed Block "a radio genius" and Bob Hope called Block "a great comedy writer.” Then, in his book "What's My Line? TV's Most Famous Panel Show", Gil Fates wrote, "You couldn't teach the meaning of good taste to Hal, any more than Star Kist could teach it to Charley the Tuna." Assessing Block's contribution to "What’s My Line?" Fates summed it up as “Hal had served his purpose when the program was young.” However, writer and journalist Bob Considine wrote in 1969 that Block "was to mean so much to the early success of television's "What's My Line?"" "What's My Line?" was on the air for 17 years and became the longest running game show in U.S. primetime history, while Block returned to anonymity.

</doc>
<doc id="6002590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002590" title="LAN Colombia destinations">
LAN Colombia destinations

LAN Colombia serves the following destinations:

</doc>
<doc id="6002593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002593" title="Nemiah Wilson">
Nemiah Wilson

Nemiah Wilson (born April 6, 1943, Baton Rouge, LA) was an American college and professional football player. A defensive back, he played college football at Grambling State University, and played professionally in the American Football League for the Denver Broncos from 1965 through 1967, and then for the AFL's Oakland Raiders in 1968 and 1969, and for the NFL Raiders and Chicago Bears. He was the oldest American Football League All-Star in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="6002597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002597" title="Cuba–Soviet Union relations">
Cuba–Soviet Union relations

After the establishment of diplomatic ties with the Soviet Union after the Cuban revolution of 1959, Cuba became increasingly dependent on Soviet markets and military aid becoming an ally of the Soviet Union during the Cold War. In 1972 Cuba joined the COMECON, an economic organization of states designed to create cooperation among the socialist planned economies dominated by the large economy of the Soviet Union. Moscow kept in regular contact with Havana, sharing varying close relations until the collapse of the bloc in 1991. After the demise of the Soviet Union, Cuba entered an era of economic hardship known as the Special Period in Time of Peace.
History.
Pre-Revolution relations.
The first diplomatic relations between the Soviet Union and Cuba developed during World War II. Maxim Litvinov, Soviet ambassador to the U.S., set up the first Soviet embassy in Havana in 1943, and Cuban diplomats under the auspices of Fulgencio Batista visited Moscow the same year. During this period the Soviets made a number of contacts with Cuba’s Communists who had a foothold in Batista's governing alliance. Litvinov's successor Andrei Gromyko became ambassador to both the U.S. and Cuba though he never visited the island during his tenure. After the war, the governments of Ramón Grau and Carlos Prío sought to isolate the Cuban Communist party and relations with the Soviet Union were abandoned. Batista's return to power in 1952 following a coup saw the closure of the embassy.
After the revolution.
The Cuban Revolution which propelled Fidel Castro to power on January 1, 1959, initially attracted little attention in Moscow. Soviet planners, resigned to U.S. dominance over the Western hemisphere, were unprepared for the possibility of a future ally in the region. According to later testimonies from Nikita Khrushchev, neither the Soviet Communist Party Central Committee’s nor KGB intelligence had any idea who Castro was or what he was fighting for. Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev advised them to consult Cuba’s Communists who reported that Castro was a representative of the "haute bourgeoisie" and working for the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency.
In February 1960 Khrushchev sent his deputy Anastas Mikoyan to Cuba to discover what motivated Castro following Castro's failed trip to Washington where he was refused a meeting with President Dwight D. Eisenhower. According to reports, Khrushchev's aides had initially tried to characterize Castro as an untrustworthy American agent. Mikoyan returned from Cuba with the opinion that Castro's new administration should be helped economically and politically. Though there was no talk yet of military assistance.
Washington's increasing economic embargo led Cuba to hurriedly seek new markets to avert economic disaster. Castro asked for help from the Soviets and in response Khrushchev approved the temporary purchase of Cuban sugar in exchange for Soviet fuel. This deal was to play a part in sustaining the Cuban economy for many years to come. Following the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion of 1961, Fidel Castro announced publicly that Cuba was to become a socialist republic. Khrushchev sent congratulations to Castro for repelling the invasion, but privately believed the Americans would soon bring the weight of their regular army to bear. The defense of Cuba became a matter of prestige for the Soviet Union, and Khruschev believed that the U.S. would block all access to the island whether by sea or air. Even in the 1980s the Soviet aid wasn't very important, but rather a regular trade with Cuba of more than $8.5 billion in 1989 was reached. But already in 1990 the trade was reduced to $4.5 billion. The Soviets planned a military strategy designed to make Washington understand that an assault on Cuba would have dire consequences.
Cuban Missile Crisis.
Khrushchev agreed on a deployment plan in May 1962 chiefly in response to NATO positioning their nuclear missiles in Turkey in 1958, and by late July over sixty Soviet ships were in route to Cuba, some of them already carrying military material. A U.S. U-2 flight on the morning of October 14 photographed a series of SAM (surface-to-air missile) sites being constructed. In a televised address on October 22, U.S. President John F. Kennedy announced the discovery of the installations and proclaimed that any nuclear missile attack from Cuba would be regarded as an attack by the Soviet Union and would be responded to accordingly. Khrushchev sent letters to Kennedy on October 23 and 24 claiming the deterrent nature of the missiles in Cuba and the peaceful intentions of the Soviet Union. On October 26, the Soviets offered to withdraw the missiles in return for a U.S. guarantee not to invade Cuba or support any invasion and to remove all missiles set in southern Italy and in Turkey. This deal was accepted and the crisis abated.
The missile crisis had a significant impact on the countries involved. While it led to a thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations, it significantly strained Cuban-Soviet relations. Castro was not consulted throughout the Kennedy-Khrushchev negotiations and the unilateral Soviet withdrawal of the missiles and bombers wounded Castro's pride and prestige. It also began to establish Castro and his country as a perennial thorn to the side of the United States even beyond the fact of its communist revolution.
Lourdes SIGINT Station.
In 1962 the Soviets created a SIGINT facility in Lourdes, just south of Havana. The SIGINT facility at Lourdes was among the most significant intelligence collection capabilities targeting the United States. It allowed the Soviets to monitor all U.S. military and civilian geosynchronous communications satellites.
Castro's trip to Moscow.
After the crisis relations between the two states cooled, in June 1963 Castro made a historic visit to the Soviet Union, returning to Cuba to recall the construction projects he had seen, specifically the Siberian hydro power stations. Castro also spoke about the development of Soviet agriculture, repeatedly emphasizing the necessity for using Soviet experience in solving internal tasks of socialist construction in Cuba. Castro asserted that the Soviet people "expressed by their deeds their love for and solidarity with Cuba". On the trip Castro and Khrushchev negotiated new sugar export deals and agricultural methods to solve the main problem in increasing the output of sugar.
Despite Soviet attempts to appease Castro, Cuban-Soviet relations were still marred by a number of difficulties. Castro increased contacts with the People's Republic of China, exploiting the growing Sino-Soviet dispute and proclaiming his intention to remain neutral and maintain fraternal relations with all socialist states. The Sino-Soviet split also impacted on Castro's relationship with Che Guevara, who took a more Maoist view following ideological conflict between the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the Communist Party of China. In 1966, Guevara left for Bolivia in an ill-fated attempt to stir up revolution against the country's government.
Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.
On 23 August 1968 Castro made a public gesture to the Soviet Union that reaffirmed their support in him. Two days after the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia to repress the Prague Spring, Castro took to the airwaves and publicly denounced the Czech rebellion. Castro warned the Cuban people about the Czechoslovakian 'counterrevolutionaries', who "were moving Czechoslovakia towards capitalism and into the arms of imperialists". He called the leaders of the rebellion "the agents of West Germany and fascist reactionary rabble." In return for his public backing of the invasion, at a time when many Soviet allies were deeming the invasion an infringement of Czechoslovakia's sovereignty, the Soviets bailed out the Cuban economy with extra loans and an immediate increase in oil exports.
Foreign Relations in the Gorbachev Era.
With Cuba’s proximity to the United States, Castro and his regime became an important Cold War ally for the Soviets. The relationship was for the most part an economic one, with the Soviet Union providing military, economic and political assistance to Cuba. In 1972, Cuba gained membership into the Council of Mutual Economic Aid (CMEA), which enhanced strong cooperation in the realm of national economic planning and gave Moscow increasingly more economic control over Cuba. From 1976 to 1980, the Soviets invested $1.7 billion (USD) on the construction and remodeling of Cuban factories and industry. Additionally, between 1981 and 1984 Cuba received approximately $750 billion (USD) a year in Soviet military assistance. 
When Gorbachev came to power in March 1985, Cuba remained an important Cold War propaganda tool for the Soviet Union. Economic investment and trade in Cuba was at its highest; in 1985 trade between the two nations accounted for over 70 percent of Cuba’s entire trade. The two nations continued to collaborate on projects in the sciences, technology, sports, and education. However, throughout the Gorbachev era diplomatic relations cooled until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 and the termination of Soviet-Cuban relations. 
Heightened tensions best characterize diplomatic relations between Cuba and the Soviet Union throughout the Gorbachev era. The introduction of Gorbachev’s reforms of "perestroika", "glasnost", and his “new thinking” on foreign policy set off an economic crisis in the Soviet Union, opened up the Soviets and their allies to increasing internal criticism from dissidents, and sparked an ideological conflict with Fidel Castro’s regime. 
1985-1989.
The Soviet Union faced a varying array of problems when Gorbachev took power after the death of former General Secretary, Konstantin Chernenko, in 1985. However, Gorbachev’s attempts at reforms not only provoked the strengthening of a vocal opposition frustrated over the pace of reforms, but it also placed the Soviets at odds with Cuba. The transition during "perestroika" towards market reforms weakened Soviet currency, resulting in a reduction of basic subsidies and widespread shortages of basic goods, a loss of jobs, and decreased productivity. These economic difficulties spread to other areas of Eastern Europe and other Soviet satellites, such as Cuba. In essence, "perestroika" progressively undermined the Soviet Union’s ability to live up to its economic commitments to Cuba. 
In 1986 Castro embarked on his own set of reforms labeled the “rectification of errors” campaign. Castro intended for these reforms to forestall or eradicate any reformist ideas spreading in Cuba prompted by radical political and economic reforms in the U.S.S.R. or Eastern Europe. The policies of the rectification of errors and "perestroika" were diametrically opposed and highlighted the unraveling of the Soviet-Cuban relationship.
The effects of "glasnost" on political criticism and discussion in the U.S.S.R. further strained the Cuban-Soviet relationship. While Cuba took a cautious approach in reacting to Gorbachev’s reforms, post-1987 the Soviet elite grew more critical of Soviet foreign policy towards Cuba. Critical articles in Soviet newspapers soon emerged, focusing on the lack of efficiency of the Cuban economy and the illogical nature of the terms of trade. Although Havana could not afford to upset the Soviets due to economic dependence on their ally, in November 1989 Castro banned the sale of Soviet publications on the island. He stated, “we could not hesitate to prevent the circulation of certain Soviet publications which have been against the policies of… socialism. They are for the ideas of imperialism, change and the counter-revolution.” 
In his visit to Cuba in April 1989, Gorbachev attempted to convince Castro to take a more positive attitude towards reformism and more flexibility in fixing Cuba’s economy. Gorbachev was only the second Soviet leader to visit Latin America, and rather than resolve the increasing tensions between the two nations, the visit was mostly a symbolic gesture. Despite Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze declaring the meeting a “milestone in Soviet-Cuban relations,” Soviet-Cuban relations rapidly declined following Gorbachev’s return to Moscow.
1989-1991.
By 1990, Moscow found it increasingly difficult to meet their economic responsibilities to Cuba. While in 1985 they had paid over 11 times the world price for Cuban sugar, in 1989 they only paid three times the price. As the economy continued to decline, members of the Soviet elite grew more critical of the unequal terms of trade. For many, “it seemed contrary to the nature of "perestroika" to continue to prop up an inefficient Cuban economy while struggling to reform the Soviet economy.” This forced the Cuban government to search elsewhere for foreign investment and trade. In what was called a “zero option approach,” the Cuban government in 1990 and 1991 established tariff-free trading agreements to boost imports and exports, gave foreign entities more autonomy and generous tax incentives, and began to diversify the economy, focusing more on the pharmaceutical industry and tourism. 
More fundamental change in Soviet-Cuba economic relations came with a new one-year trade agreement (as opposed to five-year) signed in late 1990. The agreement set sugar at world market prices with the intent to end some of Cuba’s dependence on the Soviet Union. Then, in June 1991, the Soviets disbanded CMEA, a huge basis for their allyship in the past, further straining the economic situation in Cuba. 
In the international sphere, Gorbachev’s “new thinking” attempted to remove Marxist ideology from East-West relations. Soviet foreign policy took on a new orientation that stressed international independence, non-offensive defense, multilateral cooperation, and use of the political process to solve security issues. At first, Castro took a relatively positive outlook on “new thinking:” “this was the first time since the appearance of these awesome weapons of mass destruction… that such a categorical, resolute and concrete proposal had been made,” he commented. However, ideological divergences over disarmament, international conflicts in Nicaragua and Angola, and the debt crisis in the developing world quickly created irreconcilable differences between Castro and Gorbachev. Demonstrative of the cooling of Cold War tensions and “new thinking,” Gorbachev announced on September 11, 1991 that all Soviet troops would be removed from Cuba. This move symbolized Gorbachev’s efforts to eliminate Marxism from Soviet foreign policy, which Castro believed undermined Cuba’s struggle against U.S. imperialism.
After the failed coup attempt on August 1991, Cuban leaders, feeling they had less to lose, began to openly criticize the reforms in the U.S.S.R. An editorial in "Granma" several days after the coup wrote, “in the Soviet Union, politicians favor the process of privatization and the acceleration to the market economy. These positions have resulted in the development of these events.” 
During the period from 1985-1991, Soviet-Cuban relations continued, as Moscow wanted the relationship reformed, not terminated and the Cubans relied on continued Soviet investment and trade. "Perestroika" and Gorbachev’s other reforms quickly eroded the economic and political alliance between the Cubans and Soviets as it became increasingly difficult for the Soviets to maintain their trade commitments to Cuba. After 1989 Castro publicly criticized Soviet reformism, yet he hoped Soviet communism would survive "perestroika".
Dissolution of the Soviet Union.
The subsequent dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 had an immediate and devastating effect on Cuba. Cuba lost valuable aid and trading privileges after the fall of the Soviet Union, soon after entering a fiscal crisis. While throughout the 1990s and into the present, Cuba maintained and built up relationships with other Latin American neighbors and non-aligned countries, as the only Marxist nation within the Western Hemisphere, Cuba was no longer able to maintain their political status. After the shift to world market prices under the 1991 trade agreement and the dissolution of CMEA, which had once accounted for almost 85 percent of Cuban trade, trade with the Soviet Union declined by more than 90 percent. The Soviet Union alone imported 80% of all Cuban sugar and 40% of all Cuban citrus. Oil imports dropped from 13 million tons in 1989 to about 3 million tons in 1993 from Russia. The end of socialism in Europe resulted in the end of Cuban-Soviet relations and great isolation and economic hardship in Cuba.
List of Soviet ambassadors in Cuba.
As per the Russian Embassy's site.

</doc>
<doc id="6002600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002600" title="STS-128">
STS-128

STS-128 (ISS assembly flight 17A) was a NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS) that launched on 28 August 2009. carried the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module "Leonardo" as its primary payload. "Leonardo" contained a collection of experiments for studying the physics and chemistry of microgravity. Three spacewalks were carried out during the mission, which removed and replaced a materials processing experiment outside ESA's "Columbus" module, and returned an empty ammonia tank assembly.
The mission's first launch attempt was delayed due to weather concerns, including multiple weather violations in NASA's launch rules, beginning over two hours before the scheduled launch. The second launch attempt, scheduled for 26 August 2009 at 01:10:22 EDT, was called off the previous evening due to an anomaly in one of the orbiter's fuel valves. The launch finally took place on 28 August 2009 at 23:59 EDT. "Discovery" landed on 11 September 2009 at Edwards Air Force Base, which was the last landing of a shuttle to occur at the California site.
Crew.
Crew notes.
Nicole Stott was originally scheduled to return aboard Soyuz TMA-15, but a change in the flight plan was made due to the possible flight delays in future shuttle missions, which could have extended Canadian astronaut Robert Thirsk's mission beyond the six-month duration preferred for station crew members.
STS-128 was the final Space Shuttle flight used for ISS crew rotation, with Nicole Stott replacing Tim Kopra. Stott returned on STS-129, but that flight did not bring her replacement.
The mission of Christer Fuglesang was named "Alissé" by the European Space Agency. The name was proposed by Jürgen Modlich from Baierbrunn, Germany. The name refers to the 15th-century explorers who used the trade winds to follow Christopher Columbus across the oceans to the New World.
STS-128 also marked the first time two Hispanic Americans were on the same crew. John "Danny" Olivas of El Paso, Texas, made his second trip into space, and José Hernández of Stockton, California, made his first. Both are of Mexican heritage.
Mission payload.
Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) "Leonardo".
The primary payload of STS-128 was the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module "Leonardo" to assist with establishing a six-man crew capacity by bringing extra supplies and equipment to the station. The Multi-Purpose Logistics Module contained three racks for life support, a crew quarter to be installed in Kibo, a new treadmill (COLBERT) that will temporarily be placed in Node 2 and later in Node 3, and an Air Revitalization System (ARS) that will temporarily be placed in Kibo and later in Node 3.
Lightweight Multi-Purpose Carrier (LMC).
The shuttle carried a Lightweight Multi-Purpose Experiment Support Structure Carrier (LMC) with Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA). The new ammonia tank will replace an empty tank during an EVA.
TriDAR.
The shuttle flew the first test flight of the TriDAR, a 3D dual-sensing laser camera, intended for potential use as an autonomous rendezvous and docking sensor. The TriDAR successfully tracked the ISS position and orientation from the shuttle during docking operations.
Other science packages.
It will also contain three racks dedicated to science, FIR (Fluids Integrated Rack) and the first Materials Science Research Rack (MSRR-1) to be placed in Destiny and MELFI-2 (Minus Eighty Laboratory Freezer for ISS) to be placed in Kibo. The FIR will enable detailed study of how liquids behave in microgravity, a crucial detail for many chemical reactions. One experiment, for instance, will examine how mixtures known as colloids behave without being stirred by sedimentation and convection. Another using the Light Microscopy Module (LMM) will examine how an ideal heat pipe works without the distortions of gravity.
Mission experiments.
The STS-128 mission (as did STS-125 and STS-127) took part in crew seat vibration tests that will help engineers on the ground understand how astronauts experience launch. They will then use the information to help design the crew seats that will be used in future NASA spacecraft.
STS-128 repeated the Boundary Layer Transition (BLT) Detailed Test Objective (DTO) experiment that was done by the same shuttle during STS-119. In this experiment, one of the thermal protection systems was raised to create a boundary layer transition in which the air flow becomes turbulent beyond a certain speed. During STS-119 the tile was raised above the others, tripping the flow at Mach 15 during reentry. In the modification being done, the tile has been raised to trip at Mach 18 producing more heat.
"Discovery" undertook the testing of a catalytic coating which was meant to be used by the Orion (spacecraft). Two TPS tiles located in the protuberance downstream from the BLT tile had been fully coated with the catalytic material in order to understand the entry heating performance. The tiles were instrumented to collect a wide variety of data.
Mission milestones.
The mission marked:
Shuttle processing.
"Discovery" rolled out from the Orbiter Processing Facility to the Vehicle Assembly Building after the external tank was cleared for use and was mated with it. The foam insulation on the tank underwent stringent pull tests after the foam liberated and hit the orbiter during STS-127. The STS-128's tank initially exhibited no concerns while the STS-127 case was determined to be a one off case due to surface contamination prior to foam application.
The main change from previous missions is the change of the Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate (GUCP) vent housing. The quick release vents exhibited leaks during STS-119 and STS-127, which were determined to be due to a misalignment in the vent. This led to the one part rigid seal in the external tank being replaced with a two part flexible seal.
"Discovery" later rolled out from the VAB to Launch Complex 39A on 4 August 2009, in a slow drive on the top of the Crawler-transporter. The rollout began at 02:07 EDT, and ended with the launch platform secured in place at about 13:50 EDT. The move took longer than expected due to adverse weather conditions, which included lightning warnings. The crawler also had to pause occasionally so mud could be removed from its treads and bearings. Technicians then quickly prepared the shuttle to host the crew’s countdown dress rehearsal known as the Terminal Countdown Demonstration Test (TCDT). Discovery’s seven astronauts flew to Kennedy on 5 August 2009 for the training activity which concludes later in the week with a complete practice countdown, minus liftoff, involving the crew and the launch team. Meanwhile, in an unprecedented operation, modifications were made to the left Solid rocket booster on the pad. The modifications involved replacement of a check valve filter assembly in the booster which was found to have broken. In a potentially delaying factor, in depth testing of the external tank with X-ray revealed voids in the foam which might have formed during the injection molding of the foam. This has also been decided as a suspect factor in the foam shedding during STS-127. The air in the voids could have expanded due to the high temperatures generated during ascent thus breaking the foam. The reviews considered a rollback as an option since the defect could not be set right in the pad. Later, the tank was cleared for launch as is without any additional inspections.
Launch attempts.
The first launch attempt was delayed by 24 hours due to weather concerns, including multiple weather violations in NASA's launch rules beginning over 2 hours before the scheduled launch. During the second attempt on Wednesday morning, a problem with a LH2 fill-and-drain fuel valve inside "Discovery"'s aft compartment led to another scrubbing. The problem arose when sensors did not detect the closure of the valve when commanded to do so. The issue was thought to be with the sensors rather than the valve itself. After inerting the orbiter's tank, which involved draining it, tests were conducted on the valves. Despite the valves working normally, another delay was called for to have more confidence in the system, and to give the console operators who performed the test some rest. The launch team evaluated the issue, passing on a possible launch window on 27 August 2009 at 01:10 EDT. The launch was delayed till 23:59 EDT, 28 August 2009, to allow the engineers to be fully satisfied with the vehicle. Later the mission was cleared for launch which involved a flight rule waiver for cycling the valve and a discussion to analyze the test failure of an Ares-1 booster that was similar to the SRBs used for the mission. NASA feared another delay when storms formed near the Kennedy Space Center on 28 August 2009, but the weather cleared in time for a successful launch of "Discovery" at 23:59 EDT.
Mission timeline.
28 August (Flight Day 1 – Launch).
After launch at 23:59 EDT, "Discovery" opened her payload bay doors. Once the doors were opened the crew deployed the Ku-band antenna and activated the Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS). Once the Ku-band antenna was deployed and activated the crew then down-linked photos from the External Tank Umbilical Well Camera system, so controllers on the ground could see how the tank performed and how much if any foam was shed during ascent.
29 August (Flight Day 2 – TPS Survey).
During "Discovery"'s first full day on orbit, the crew used the SRMS to grapple the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) and survey the wing leading edges, nose and other parts of the Thermal Protection System (TPS), as well as the Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) Pods. During this time some of the crew were preparing the space suits that will be used during the 3 Extra-vehicular activities (EVA) and setting up the tools that will be used during the docking. This includes installing the Centerline Camera and extending the Orbiter Docking system Ring Extension.
30 August (Flight Day 3 – Docking).
"Discovery" docked with the Pressurized Mating Adapter (PMA) 2 on the front of the Harmony connecting module. Before the shuttle docked Commander Rick Sturckow performed what is known as the Rendezvous Pitch Maneuver (RPM), while Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka and Flight Engineer Michael Barret took photos of the shuttles belly. The photos were down-linked to mission control for review. After docking, Nicole Stott and Tim Kopra switched Soyuz seat liners, making Stott an Expedition 20 Flight Engineer and Tim Kopra an STS-128 Mission Specialist. The joint crews also performed some transfers from the shuttle mid-deck and checked on the pressure in the MPLM Leonardo.
31 August (Flight Day 4 – MPLM Berthing).
During flight day 4, the MPLM "Leonardo" was berthed to the Nadir or earth facing port on Harmony using the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS). Once it was berthed, the crews activated it and opened the hatch for ingress. Some more items were transferred from the shuttle mid-deck including the MDS experiment and the space suits Danny Olivas and Nicole Stott will use during EVA 1. The pair also prepared all the tools that will be used during the EVA with some help from Tim Kopra. Later on during the night when the crews were asleep, the team of ground controllers vented the Port 1 (P1) Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA) Nitrogen Vent lines, in preparation for the ATA to be removed during EVA 1.
1 September (Flight Day 5 – EVA 1).
EVA 1 was performed, and saw the removal of the empty Ammonia Tank Assembly, and the removal and stowage of the EuTef and MISSE 6 experiments. While the spacewalk was going on crew members inside were transferring the Crew Quarters, C.O.L.B.E.R.T treadmill and the Node 3 Air Revitalization System rack (ARS). The treadmill and ARS were temporarily stowed, while the crew Quarters was installed in the Kibo Module where setup and activation was begun.
2 September (Flight Day 6).
During flight day 6 the joint crews continued the activation of the new crew quarters. The last of the major transfer items, the Fluids Integrated Rack (FIR), Materials Science Research Rack and the Minus Eighty Laboratory Freezer ISS 2 (MELFI-2) were transferred from the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) Leonardo. Astronauts Danny Olivas and José Hernández answered some questions submitted on YouTube and Twitter. Olivas along with Christer Fuglesang also prepared for the second EVA and "camped out" in the air lock at a lower pressure to help get ready for EVA 2 on flight day 7.
3 September (Flight Day 7 – EVA 2).
On flight day 7, Danny Olivas and Christer Fuglesang performed the second spacewalk of the STS-128 mission. Olivas and Fuglesang installed and connected the new Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA), and also performed two get aheads. The get ahead tasks included installing protective lens covers on the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS) End B cameras . Once the ATA was installed, the tank was integrated into the cooling loop. While Olivas and Fugelsang were outside, the rest of the crew continued on transferring items to and from both the shuttle mid-deck and MPLM.
4 September (Flight Day 8).
The first part of the crew day was spent off duty. The crews enjoyed a meal, took a crew photo and took part in a PAO event. More transfer was completed by both crews. The space station crew calibrated the Oxygen Generation System (OGS) H2 sensor. Timothy Kopra and Nicole Stott continued their hand over activities, helping Stott who is taking over from Kopra. Danny Olivas and Christer Fuglesang got their space suits ready for the third and final space walk. The pair spent the night in the Quest Joint Airlock, at a lower pressure of 10.2 psi instead of 14.7 psi.
5 September (Flight Day 9 – EVA 3).
During flight day 9 Danny Olivas and Christer Fuglesang performed EVA 3. The pair completed all tasks that were to be done, including installing two GPS antennas and deploying the Starboard 3 (S3) Payload Attach System (PAS), a new Rate Gyro Assembly (RGA) 2 and routing of Node 3 Avionics cables. The joint crew also completed more transfer, mostly transfer for return to earth in the MPLM and space shuttle mid-deck. The ISS crew also replaced a bolt on the Common Berthing Mechanism (CBM) so that the MPLM won't get stuck, and also to ensure correct capture of the HTV.
6 September (Flight Day 10 – Off duty).
Flight day 10 saw the joint crews transfer samples from the space station to the shuttle freezer known as Glacier. The samples will be returned to earth for examination by scientists who will develop ways to prevent bone and muscle loss in space as well as cures for other illnesses on earth. The crews also completed some close outs of the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module Leonardo. The last portion of the crew day was spent off duty.
7 September (Flight Day 11 – Hatch closure).
On flight day 11 the joint ISS/shuttle crews completed transfers and closed the hatches with the MPLM. Once the hatches were closed, the MPLM was deactivated, demated and berthed back in the payload bay of the space shuttle. During this process José Hernández and Nicole Stott took part in a PAO event. The end of the crews work days saw the two crews say goodbye in a farewell ceremony and close the hatches between the shuttle and ISS. Once the hatches were closed, the Pressurized Mating Adapter 2 was depressurized, in advance of undocking. The shuttle crew setup and checked out the rendezvous tools before going to bed.
8 September (Flight Day 12 – Undocking).
On flight day 12, space shuttle "Discovery" successfully undocked from the International Space Station at 19:26 UTC. After undocking, the shuttle backed out and performed a fly around of the ISS. The space shuttle then performed 2 separation burns using its thrusters. After the separation burns, astronauts Kevin Ford, José Hernández and Christer Fuglesang used the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) to inspect the shuttle's Thermal Protection System (TPS). When they completed that task the OBSS was berthed on the starboard sill of the payload bay and the Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS) was powered down.
9 September (Flight Day 13 – End Of Mission Prep).
On flight day 13 the space shuttle crew began stowing items for landing. During the course of the day commander Frederick W. Sturckow and pilot Kevin A. Ford performed standard checks of the Flight Control Systems (FCS), Reaction Control System (RCS) jets and communications with the ground. The crew also deactivated the Wing Leading Edge System (WLES), stowed the Ku-band antenna, and reviewed landing procedures.
10 September (Flight Day 14 – Landing Postponed).
On flight day 14, "Discovery" was scheduled to land at Kennedy Space Center at 19:04 EDT (23:04 UTC). The landing was postponed due to weather conditions, and the second opportunity at 20:40 EDT (00:40 UTC) was also postponed due to weather conditions.
11 September (Flight Day 15 – Landing).
On flight day 15 at 19:47 EDT (23:47 UTC), "Discovery" started the de-orbit burn for landing at Edwards Air Force Base after its two landing attempts at Kennedy Space Center the previous day were waved off. "Discovery" touched down safely at 20:53 EDT (17:53 PDT/00:53 UTC).
The landing marked the final time a space shuttle mission concluded at Edwards Air Force Base, as well as the last time a ferry flight would be needed for an operational orbiter. Discovery returned to KSC on Monday, 21 September 2009 after refueling stops at Amarillo International Airport, Fort Worth Naval Station and Barksdale Air Force Base on 20 September. The last seven missions of the shuttle all touched down at Kennedy Space Center.
Spacewalks.
Each spacewalk was planned to last approximately 6.5 hours.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15. Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.

</doc>
<doc id="6002601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002601" title="Mud Lake (Alberta)">
Mud Lake (Alberta)

There are several lakes named Mud Lake within the Canadian province of Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="6002610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002610" title="STS-129">
STS-129

STS-129 (ISS assembly flight ULF3) was a NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS). "Atlantis" was launched on November 16, 2009 at 14:28 EST, and landed at 09:44 EST on November 27, 2009 on runway 33 at the Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility.
STS-129 focused on staging spare components outside the station. The 11-day flight included three spacewalks. The payload bay carried two large ExPRESS Logistics Carriers holding two spare gyroscopes, two nitrogen tank assemblies, two pump modules, an ammonia tank assembly, a spare latching end effector for the station's robotic arm, a spare trailing umbilical system for the Mobile Transporter, and a high-pressure gas tank. STS-129 was the first flight of an ExPRESS Logistics Carrier. The completion of this mission left six space shuttle flights remaining until the end of the Space Shuttle program, after STS-135 was approved in February 2011.
Mission payload.
ExPRESS Logistics Carriers 1 and 2.
The primary payload of STS-129 was the ExPRESS (Expedite the Processing of Experiments to the Space Station) Logistics Carrier (ELC-1) and the ELC-2. The mass capacity of each ELC is with a volume of 30 meters cubed (total with spares, ELC-1: and ELC-2: ). Goddard Space Flight Center served as the overall integrator for ELC-1 and ELC-2.
The spare hardware stored on ELC-1 includes an Ammonia Tank Assembly, a Battery Charger Discharge Unit, a station
robotic arm Latching End Effector, a Control Moment Gyroscope, a Nitrogen Tank Assembly, a Pump Module, a Plasma Contactor Unit and two empty Passive Flight Releasable Attachment Mechanisms.
ELC-2 was launched with an oxygen-filled High Pressure Gas Tank (HPGT), a Cargo Transport Container (CTC-1), a Mobile Transporter Trailing Umbilical System Reel Assembly (MT TUS-RA), a Control Moment Gyroscope, a Nitrogen Tank Assembly, a Pump Module, MISSE attach hardware and one empty site for future payloads.
ELC-1 was installed on the Unpressurized Cargo Carrier Attachment System #2 (UCCAS 2) on the P3 (port side) segment of the main truss. ELC-2 was installed on the Upper Outboard Payload Attach System on the S3 (Starboard Segment 3) of the main truss.
Materials on International Space Station Experiment (MISSE) carrier.
ELC2 also carried MISSE-7, an experiment that will expose a variety of materials and coatings being considered for future spacecraft to the extreme conditions outside the space station. The materials are being evaluated for the effects of atomic oxygen, ultraviolet, direct sunlight, radiation, and extremes of heat and cold. The experimental findings will benefit better understanding, development and to test new materials suitable to better withstand the rigors of space environments with applications in the design of future spacecraft.
MISSE-7 is composed of two suitcase-sized Passive Experiment Containers (PECs), identified as MISSE 7A and MISSE 7B. Once installed in the exterior of ISS by space walking astronauts, the PECs are opened. The orientation of MISSE 7A will be space facing/Earth facing while MISSE 7B will face forward/backward relative to the ISS orbit. Both MISSE 7A and MISSE 7B contain active and passive experiments. Passive experiments are designed for pre- and post-flight evaluation in ground-based laboratories.
S-band Antenna Sub-Assembly (SASA) package.
"Atlantis" delivered a repaired S-band Antenna Sub-Assembly (SASA) to the ISS which was returned to Earth during the STS-120 mission in October 2007. SASA is a space station antenna assembly consisting of
Major functions of the ACRFG are to transmit/receive radio signals to/from the transponder, amplification of signals to a power level necessary to be acquired by a Tracking Data and Relay Satellite and to broadcast/receive signals through the selected antenna.
The SASA boom assembly consists of a mast, an extra-vehicular activity (EVA) handle, a harness, a connector panel, a mounting surface for the RFG and a baseplate fitting. The fitting will serve as the structural interface for mounting the SASA to the Zenith 1 truss on the ISS.
The Avionics Wire Harness installed on the SASA Boom provides operational and heater power to the RFG. Another function of the harness is to send command/status/RF signals to and from RFG.
SASA package was attached to the sidewall inside the payload bay of "Atlantis" during the ascent to the ISS. It was transferred from the payload bay to the Zenith 1 truss for installation as a spare by spacewalkers Foreman and Satcher performing EVA 1 on November 19.
SpaceX COTS UHF Communication Unit and Crew Command Panel.
In a middeck stowage locker, "Atlantis" carried the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Communication Unit (CUCU) developed by Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) in collaboration with NASA to the ISS. It will be integrated on the space station in preparation for future SpaceX flights to the orbiting complex. The unit allows for communication between ISS and SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft via a UHF radio. Commands from SpaceX can be forwarded through ISS to CUCU and on to Dragon. Similarly, telemetry from Dragon and CUCU can be forwarded down through ISS for monitoring by SpaceX and NASA ground-based mission control. The Crew Command Panel (CCP) provides feedback about the state of the Dragon vehicle to astronauts aboard ISS. It additionally provides some simple commanding capability to the astronauts to be used during the Dragon approach to ISS.
Other items.
Astronaut Randolph Bresnik carried a scarf worn by the noted American aviation pioneer and author Amelia Earhart. The scarf had been on display at the Ninety-Nines Museum of Women Pilots in Oklahoma City. Bresnik’s grandfather, Albert Louis Bresnik, was the personal photographer for Earhart from 1932 until July 2, 1937—the date of her disappearance. After being returned to Earth, the scarf would be placed in a new display at the Museum dedicated to the astronaut’s grandfather's photographs.
In addition, the official opening toss-coin for Super Bowl XLIV "(see "Pregame" section for the actual coin toss itself)" as well as a football with all of the Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees written on it and various other NFL-related, space-flown memorabilia were flown on STS-129.
Mission experiments.
The crew of "Atlantis" worked with several short-term experiments during their mission. "Atlantis" also transported new long-term experiments to the space station. At the end of the mission, the shuttle will return some of the completed experiments from the ISS.
Short-term experiments included:
New experiments delivered to the space station included:
Mission background and milestones.
The mission marked:
The STS-129 mission marked NASA's fifth NASA Tweetup, and its first such event ever held during a Shuttle launch at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. One hundred members of the general public, representing Morocco, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and 21 U.S. states, in addition to the District of Columbia, attended the two-day event and, for a time, the #nasatweetup hashtag reached #3 on Twitter's trending topics.
Launch window.
The November 2009 launch window of "Atlantis", between November 16 and November 20, was complicated by the launch of the Mini-Russian Research Module 2 (MRM-2) aboard a Soyuz-U rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. Further conflict was caused by Eastern Range constraints with two other satellite launches from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, one at the beginning of the shuttle's launch window and the other at the end. The Eastern Range had been reserved on November 14 and 15, 2009, for the launch of the communications satellite Intelsat 14 aboard an Atlas-V rocket. A Delta-IV rocket carrying a Wideband Global SATCOM satellite was also expected to lift off on November 19, 2009.
On November 10, 2009, MRM-2 was successfully launched, docking with the ISS on the 12th, while on the same day the Delta-IV rocket team announced that they had delayed their launch to a future date, allowing the shuttle to gain additional launch opportunities at the end of the window if it required. Atlas V's launch with the Intelsat 14 was scrubbed on the 14th due to a technical issue requiring a rollback. The scrub, lasting more than 24 hours, meant that "Atlantis" also avoided a possible postponement of its launch slipping into November 17, 2009.
Shuttle processing.
"Atlantis" was towed from its hangar in Orbiter Processing Facility-1 to the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) on October 6, 2009 at about 07:00 EDT. The move, known as rollover, was completed at 08:25 when "Atlantis" arrived in the VAB transfer aisle. "Atlantis" was initially scheduled to roll out to Launch Pad 39A on October 13, 2009. However, an issue with a crane that was being used to transfer "Atlantis" for attachment to its external fuel tank and two solid rocket boosters caused a delay in operations forcing the shuttle managers to add extra 24-hours to the rollout preparations.
"Atlantis" rolled out from the VAB to the Launch Complex 39A on October 14, 2009, at 06:38 EDT in a slow drive on the top of the Crawler-transporter. The rollout was completed with the launch platform secured in place at about 13:31 EDT.
The final flight readiness review (FRR) meeting for the STS-129 mission took place at Kennedy Space Center during the last week of October 2009. The FRR had approved the installation of a special minicam pointing out of window 4 on Atlantis' flight deck. The camera will film the forward portion of the External Tank during the shuttle's ascent to orbit, in order to capture the behavior of the LO2 Ice Frost Ramps (IFRs) located on the upper part of the tank during potential liberation events.
NASA managers held a post news conference to brief about the outcomes of the FRR on October 30, 2009. The briefing was broadcast on NASA TV and was attended by William Gerstenmaier, NASA's Associate Administrator for Space Operations, Michael Moses, Launch Integration Manager, Space Shuttle Program and Michael Leinbach, space shuttle launch director. Mr. Gerstenmaier and Mr. Moses mentioned about two issues related to ongoing shuttle processing that had been discussed during the FRR: (1) Effects of vibrations and acoustics associated with the Main Engine ignition—a potential issue with a stinger (bolt) structure on the aft of the shuttle, which may be susceptible to the stresses of Main Engine ignition (2) Shuttle's toilet – a new Aluminum bracket used to help anchor the toilet to the crew module structure had been installed. For future flights, NASA plans to use a redesigned Titanium bracket.
The payload for the mission was moved to Launch Pad 39A on the October 29, 2009 and was installed into the shuttle's payload bay on November 4, 2009.
During the post-flight interview on November 16, shuttle launch director Mike Leinbach told that "Atlantis" officially beat shuttle "Discovery" on the record low amount of Interim Problem Reports, with a total of just 54 listed since returning from the STS-125. He continued to add "It's due to the team and the hardware processing. They just did a great job. The record will probably never be broken again in the history of the Space Shuttle Program, so congratulations to them".
Launch preparations.
Final launch preparations commenced at Pad 39A with technicians closing Atlantis' payload bay doors during the morning hours on November 13, 2009. On the same day, NASA's official launch countdown clock began at 1 pm and the crew flew to Kennedy's Shuttle Landing Facility in a Shuttle Training Aircraft Gulfstream II jet at 12:35 EST to prepare for the launch.
On November 14, 2009, after the L-2 Mission Management Team (MMT) meeting, space shuttle launch integration manager Michael Moses announced that the MMT gave the official "go" for Atlantis’s launch on Monday, and Hobaugh and Wilmore practiced landings in the Shuttle Training Aircraft. On the evening at about 5.30 pm the Rotating Service Structure that protects the shuttle from adverse weather conditions was rolled back anticipating next day's launch.
The MMT again met at 04:30 EST on November 16, 2009 and gave a "go" to begin loading shuttle Atlantis’ external tank. The tanking began at 05:03 EST and was completed at 08:00 EST. The final unanimous "go" for launch directive from the mission management team, mission control and the launch team came during the countdown clock holding at T-9 minutes.
The initial launch day weather forecast called for a 90% chance of favorable launch conditions. As the launch preparations continued, due to lower cloud cover ceilings it was changed to 70% and at liftoff to 80%.
Mission timeline.
Nov. 16 (Flight Day 1 – Launch).
"Atlantis" launched on time at 14:28 EDT (19:28:10 UTC), with launch commentator George Diller's words upon launch being "liftoff of space shuttle "Atlantis", on a mission to build, re-supply and to do research on the International Space Station". Powered flight conformed to the standard timeline (see Space Shuttle – Mission Profile – Launch), with main engine cutoff (MECO) occurring at eight minutes and 24 seconds Mission Elapsed Time (MET) and the external tank separating from the shuttle at eight minutes and 38 seconds MET into the flight. A further boost from the Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) engines was not required due to the nominal MECO and "Atlantis" settled into its planned preliminary orbit. A subsequent NC-1 engine firing adjusted the orbital path of the shuttle to the ISS, by altering the shuttle's velocity, resulting in a new orbit of 147 by 118 statute miles.
At the post-launch news conference, NASA officials reported that three foam events were seen in the external fuel tank (ET) video camera footage. They further quoted that the events weren't a concern since the foam loss events occurred after the aerodynamic sensitive time period. Later in the day, based on a quick-look review of the launch video, crew communicator (CAPCOM) astronaut Christopher Ferguson also informed the shuttle crew that there were no ascent debris events of concern.
Flight day 1 on-orbit operations included, opening of the both payload bay doors of "Atlantis" at 21:12 GMT, deploying the radiators, deploying Ku-Band antenna to gain favorable communications, opening of the protective doors covering the star trackers on the nose of the shuttle, setting up the onboard computer network, downlinking imagery and data collected during the flight into orbit, getting out of their launch and entry spacesuits and stowing away the mission specialists' seats.
The crew also completed a thorough checkout of the shuttle's robotic arm earlier in preparation for the survey of Atlantis' wing leading edge panels and nose cap on flight day 2. Some of the crew started their sleep period around 21:45 pm EST about an hour or so later than originally planned.
Nov. 17 (Flight Day 2 – TPS survey).
The crew members aboard space shuttle "Atlantis" began their first full day in space at 09:28 UTC. The day was primarily devoted to inspect "Atlantis’s" thermal protection system to look for any signs of launch damage. Using the shuttle's robotic arm and the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS), the crew performed a six-hour inspection of the reinforced carbon nose cap and wing leading edge panels of the shuttle. After releasing its grasp on the inspection boom, the robotic arm grappled the ExPRESS Logistics Carrier 1 (ELC1) as a preparatory step for installation on Flight Day 3.
The images and video from the thermal protection system survey would be reviewed by the image analysis team on the ground. During the day's Mission Management Team (MMT) briefing, chairman LeRoy Cain noted that a preliminary assessment of ascent imagery and data beamed down during the thermal protection inspection showed no signs of any significant heat shield damage.
The crew also made progress to dock with the space station on Flight Day 3. The mission’s spacewalkers worked inside the middeck to test and ready the spacesuits that would be used during the spacewalks. The crew extended the ring of the orbital docking system in preparation for linkup with the ISS. Commander Charles Hobaugh also installed the docking system's centerline camera that was used during the rendezvous with the station in the docking port. Two Rendezvous burns were performed (NC-2 and NC-3) on the path to reach the station. The NC-2 burn was scheduled for earlier in the day and once again Atlantis' reaction control jets were fired for NC-3 burn later in the day. The NC-3 burn lasted for 12s.
Nov. 18 (Flight Day 3 – Docking).
Atlantis' crew awoke at 09:28 UTC and began the rendezvous operations two hours into the day. Guided by a series of maneuvers—NH, NC-4 and the Terminal Insertion burns to refine the shuttle's trajectory—"Atlantis" closed in on the space station. Before the shuttle docked STS-129 Commander Charles Hobaugh performed what is known as the Rendezvous Pitch Maneuver (RPM) beginning at 15:52 UTC above the Atlantic Ocean, while Station astronauts Nicole Stott and Jeffrey Williams photographed Atlantis' belly with handheld digital cameras equipped with 400- and 800-millimeter lenses as part of post-launch inspections of the heat shield. The photos were down-linked to mission control for review. The pitch maneuver was completed at 16:01 UTC.
Docking to Harmony/Pressurized Mating Adapter-2 occurred a couple of minutes ahead of schedule at 16:51 UTC. The joined spacecraft were orbiting 220 miles above Earth at the time of docking, above Australia and Tasmania. After leak checks, the hatchway between "Atlantis" and the space station was opened at 18:28 UTC. The traditional welcome ceremony and the station safety briefing followed, and shuttle and station crews began their joint operations for the rest of day. The astronauts worked to move the spacewalking suits carried up on "Atlantis" over to the Quest airlock for use in the EVAs. After the hatch opening, astronaut Nicole Stott’s tenure as a station Expedition 21 flight engineer came to an end as she joined the "Atlantis" crew.
Later in the day at 19:52 UTC, shuttle's robotic arm operated by Mission Specialists Melvin and Bresnik lifted the ExPRESS Logistics Carrier 1 which it had grappled on Flight day 2 out of the payload bay. After handing over to the station's Canadarm2 controlled by shuttle Pilot Wilmore and station Flight Engineer Williams, the carrier was attached to the ISS's Port 3 truss at 21:27 UTC.
Mission Specialists Michael Foreman and Robert Satcher spent the night in the Quest airlock as part of the overnight "campout" procedure to help them get prepared for next day's spacewalk.
During the post MMT briefing Leroy Cain noted that the shuttle continues to perform flawlessly with no significant problems to report. Furthermore, he added that NASA is not tracking down any significant issues with "Atlantis".
Nov. 19 (Flight Day 4 – EVA 1).
The wakeup call from the Mission Control Center in Houston went up to the crew at 09:28 UTC to begin Flight Day 4. Earlier in the morning, Mission Control also radioed commander Charles Hobaugh with the news that the crew won't need to perform follow-up inspections on Atlantis' heat shield during a period of time set aside on flight day 5. The crew was told to use that "deleted time" to get ahead with shuttle-to-station cargo transfers. Later on Thursday, NASA officials said that Atlantis' heat shield has been cleared for re-entry.
The major activity for the day was mission's first spacewalk (EVA 1) by astronauts Foreman and Satcher. Foreman, the lead spacewalker wore a suit with solid red stripes while Satcher wore an all-white spacesuit. Inside the space station "Atlantis" Mission Specialist Randolph Bresnik choreographed the activities and coordinated communications between the spacewalkers and Mission Control. Since Foreman and Satcher completed their chores nearly two hours ahead of schedule, planners decided to add a "get ahead" task; Satcher to lubricate the Kibo robotic arm snares while Foreman to route a LAN cable on Zarya and mate power cables on a patch panel at the S0 truss. Towards the end of EVA 1, while deploying the Payload Attach System (PAS) on the Earth-facing side of the Starboard 3 truss, the crew had difficulty loosening a bolt and removing a diagonal brace on the PAS. After hammering on a bolt and wiggling the brace, they successfully deployed the PAS and reinstalled the brace. The spacewalk marked: 228th spacewalk conducted by U.S. astronauts, the 134th in support of space station assembly and maintenance, 106th spacewalk out of the space station, the fourth for Foreman and the first for Satcher.
The focus of other Atlantis crew members was mostly on supporting the spacewalk or related activities.
Nicole Stott celebrated her 47th birthday in space.
The astronauts went into their sleep period at 00:28 UTC on November 20, 2009 as planned, however they were awakened at 01:36 UTC due to a false alarm indicating a sudden depressurization. After checks on the ground and in orbit, flight controllers in Houston, Europe and Russia concluded the station was safe and the crews were not in danger. To make up for the sleep they lost reacting to the alarm, crew sleep period was extended by 30 minutes.
November 20 (Flight Day 5 – internal transfers).
Atlantis' crew awoke at 09:28 UTC. Just after 12;00 UTC, "Atlantis" Commander Charles Hobaugh and Mission Specialist Leland Melvin used the shuttle robotic arm to grasp the Express Logistics Carrier (ELC2), located in Atlantis' payload bay.
Internal shuttle-to-station transfer of material kept the crew members busy through flight day 5. As a result, well over half the mission's transfer activities were completed. Inside the station's Unity node, crew members also completed the two-day task of outfitting the node. They routed a slew of cables, hoses and fluid lines to prepare for the arrival of the Tranquility node aboard STS-130, the next scheduled shuttle mission.
Over the course of day, several of the crew participated in chats with media representatives on the ground to answer their questions related to the mission and the experience of being up in space. Shortly after 11:00 UTC, Commander Hobaugh and Pilot Wilmore talked with CBS News, FOXNews Radio and Nashville's WTVG-TV. At 12:28 UTC, Melvin and Satcher were interviewed by the "Tom Joyner Morning Show" and at 21:33 UTC, Hobaugh, Melvin and Satcher talked with ESPN’s "SportCenter", Black Entertainment Television News and WRIC-TV in Richmond, Virginia.
The crew also got prepared for the mission's second spacewalk on Saturday. These tasks included recharging batteries, switching out Robert Satcher's spacesuit for that of Randolph Bresnik and reviewing procedures.
The crew went to their sleep period at 00:28 UTC, a half hour later than the station crew. Astronauts Foreman and Bresnik were to spend the night in the Quest airlock as part of the overnight "campout" procedure. Again, for the second night in a row, fire and depressurization alarms tripped inside the European Columbus Module and the Quest airlock woke the "Atlantis" astronauts. The depressurization alarm triggered automatic procedures that brought the airlock back up to the station's normal pressure of 14.7 psi. Because of time needed to reset various systems, Foreman and Bresnik were informed to forgo the normal "campout" procedure and to sleep wherever they liked, at the station's normal pressure. The flight controllers suspected that the alarms are a result of an unresolved problem with a newly arrived Russian "Poisk" (MRM2) module.
Nov. 21 (Flight Day 6 – EVA 2).
Thirty minutes later than planned, Mission Control Center, Houston sent the crew wake-up call at 08:58 UTC.
The major activity for the day was mission's second spacewalk (EVA 2) by astronauts Foreman and Bresnik. Because of last night's space station false alarms sounded at 02:53 UTC, spacewalk was shortened to six hours and delayed the start. Mission Specialist Satcher, serving as the intravehicular crew member helped to direct the spacewalk. The spacewalking pair finished all their assigned work way ahead of timeline with no major problems and completed several "get ahead" tasks originally scheduled for the mission's third spacewalk. EVA 2 marked: 229th spacewalk conducted by U.S. astronauts, the 135th in support of space station assembly and maintenance, 107th spacewalk out of the space station, the fifth for Foreman and the first for Bresnik. Also between STS-123 and STS-129, Michael Foreman has completed five spacewalks totaling 32 hours, 19 minutes and placing him 28th on the all-time list.
Earlier, at 11:32 UTC, "Atlantis" robotic arm operators Leland Melvin and Robert Satcher lifted ExPRESS Logistics Carrier 2 out of the shuttle payload bay and handed off to space station's robotic arm, Canadarm2. Just before the beginning of Saturday's spacewalk, at 14:14 UTC Mission Specialists Leland Melvin and Nicole Stott operating Canadarm2 mated the Carrier to the Outboard Payload Attachment System (PAS) on the S3 segment of the space station's main truss.
Ground engineers declared that a minor ring misalignment on Atlantis' Orbiter Docking System (ODS) is of no issue. They cleared the system for undocking and redocking with the space station—a safe haven scenario which would only be initiated in the event "Atlantis" has to return to the ISS. The docking ring had lost alignment during ring extension on flight day 2.
Nov. 22 (Flight Day 7 – Off duty).
The crew was awakened at 07:58 UTC. The day that began with some exciting news from Randolph Bresnik to Mission Control in Houston. Bresnik reported the birth of his daughter, Abigail Mae Bresnik at 17:04 UTC Saturday. He had got the news by private phone patch through mission control shortly after the crew was awakened. Mission specialist Bresnik is the second astronaut to become a father while in space. The first was astronaut Michael Fincke, whose wife gave birth to a baby girl while he was working at the International Space Station in 2004.
The crew got a half-day off and earlier on the day and discussed their spaceflight with reporters. Astronauts Wilmore and Melvin, Satcher and Stott talked with reporters from WTTG-TV in Washington, D.C., Bay News 9 in Tampa, Fla., and WBBM Radio in Chicago. Wilmore, Melvin and Stott also supported an educational PAO TV event with Tennessee Technological University, Cookeville, attended by Tennessee students, the President of the University, and Representative Barton Gordon (Democratic-Tennessee). The Tennessee Technological University alumnus Wilmore’s parents were also present.
Some astronauts on both shuttle and station crews worked part-time to transfer equipment from the shuttle to the station and back, and to investigate false alarms sounded on Thursday and Friday. Preparations also continued for third and the last spacewalk of the mission. Shuttle crew members as well as the station’s crew joined in an hour-long spacewalk procedures review just before bedtime. Satcher and Bresnik prepared tools for their spacewalk, with help from Foreman. The two spacewalkers began their "campout" procedure in the Quest airlock.
Nov. 23 (Flight Day 8 – EVA 3).
Atlantis' crew awoke at 07:28 UTC.
The major activity for the day was mission's third and final spacewalk (EVA 3) by astronauts Satcher and Bresnik. For identification, Satcher wore an all-white spacesuit while Bresnik wore a spacesuit with broken red stripes. Atlantis Mission Specialist Foreman, the intravehicular crew member for EVA 3 choreographed the activities and coordinated communications between the spacewalkers and Mission Control. Astronauts Melvin and Wilmore operated the station’s robotic Canadarm2.
The spacewalk started just over an hour later than planned due to Satcher reinserting a valve that became detached in his spacesuit drink bag. The bag is contained in the spacesuit and allows spacewalkers to sip water throughout their activity.
Working ahead of schedule most of time, the two Mission Specialists completed all the primary jobs they were assigned and all the “get ahead” work that was added to their timeline. EVA 3 marked: the 230th conducted by U.S. astronauts, the 136th in support of Space Station assembly and maintenance, totaling 849 hours, 18 minutes and the 108th spacewalk out of the space station, totaling 662 hours, 3 minutes. It was also the second for both Satcher and Bresnik.
The role of other "Atlantis" and Space Station crew members were mostly on supporting the spacewalk and completing cargo transfers between the shuttle and the ISS. Station Commander De Winne and STS-129 Mission Specialist Melvin shut down and packed the failed Urine Processor Assembly/Distillation Assembly (UPA DA) and then transferred it to the shuttle for stowage on the Middeck. De Winne working with STS-129 Commander Hobaugh afterwards, terminated the transfer of Nitrogen gas from "Atlantis" to the ISS.
Nov. 24 (Flight Day 9 – Hatch closure).
The crew woke at 06:58 UTC. Earlier on the day, "Atlantis" astronauts used the maneuvering thrusters of the shuttle to boost the Space Station to a slightly higher orbit. This 27-minute maneuver changed the station's velocity by 2.5 feet per second and raised its orbit by about .
Final internal transfers continued throughout the day. Around 1,400 lbs of water from "Atlantis" to the Space Station was handed over. During 5 days of joint work, the crews also transferred 2,100 pounds of to be returned experiments and items.
Inside ISS, around 12:00 UTC a false smoke and fire alarm triggered by the Japanese Kibo laboratory sounded for about 4 minutes. Mission Control in Houston concluded that stirred up dust particles due to transfer operations aboard the station might have sounded the alarm. This was the third false station alarm during the STS-129 mission. The two previous alarms originated in the new Russian Poisk module.
"Atlantis" and the station crews also joined together for a traditional news conference with reporters at NASA centers, Mission Control in Russia and Canada, and TF1 evening news in France. The interactive event was aired live at 13:00 UTC. During the news conference, Expedition 21 astronaut Robert Thirsk said "The space station now is nearly complete". The station is currently about 86% complete.
Aboard the Destiny laboratory at 15:00 UTC shortly after a joint crew photo, Frank De Winne, the first European Space Agency commander of the Space Station handed over his command to astronaut Jeffrey Williams. The Change of Command Ceremony was the first-of-its-kind command handover during a shuttle mission on the ISS. Just after the ceremony, Atlantis crew members began a two-hour, off-duty period.
At 17:43 UTC, Atlantis’ astronauts bid farewell to the Station's crew inside the Harmony module and crossed the threshold into the shuttle. The hatches between space shuttle and the International Space Station were closed at 18:12 UTC in preparation for the Atlantis’ undocking. The hatch closure ended 5 days, 23 hours and 44 minutes of joint time between "Atlantis" and the station crews. "Atlantis" crew used their first hour separated from the station crew to get ready for undocking. They checked out rendezvous tools and set up a centerline camera and carried out leak checks on the Orbiter Docking System (ODS).
Nov. 25 (Flight Day 10 – Undocking).
Shuttle crew members were awakened at 06:29 UTC. Undocking operations began about an hour before the separation of the shuttle and the Space Station. The two spacecraft undocked at 09:53 UTC. The total docked time was 6 days, 17 hours and 2 minutes. After undocking, Wilmore piloted "Atlantis" to a point about 450 feet ahead of the station, then, began a flyaround. Once the flyaround was completed, "Atlantis" performed separation burns to increase the distance between the shuttle and the ISS and left the Space Station complex area at about 10:36 UTC.
During a routine flush out of the shuttle waste water tank Wednesday morning, the astronauts ran into a problem. Mission Control noticed a reduction in the flow from the nozzle that vents the waste water into space. The tank can hold 165 pounds of liquid waste and the crew only managed to get it down to about 80 pounds. Later in the day, astronauts used the camera on Orbital Boom Sensor System (OBSS) to survey the condition of the nozzle. Since no ice was found, Flight Controllers told the crew that it is likely that there is a blockage in the line.
Standard late inspections of the Thermal Protection System took place later on Flight Day 10. About 12:15 UTC, Wilmore and Melvin began grappling and unberthing the OBSS for the survey of the shuttle’s heat shield. With help from Bresnik, they inspected the reinforced carbon-carbon of the right wing leading edge, then the nose cap and the left wing leading edge. The inspection tasks took more than five hours.
Nov. 26 (Flight Day 11 – End of Mission Prep).
The crew was awakened at 06:28 UTC for their final full day in space. STS-129 was the eighth shuttle mission in history to mark the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday up in space and the second time for "Atlantis". The first time for "Atlantis" was during STS-61-B mission in 1985.
"The first big news of the day is that our TPS, the Thermal Protection System has been cleared for entry" said STS-129 Entry Flight Director Bryan Lunney early during in the day's Mission Status Briefing. Later, he also mentioned that ""Atlantis" is in great shape, the crew is in great shape ready for de-orbit tomorrow".
The crew spent time stowing items in the shuttle's cabin in preparation for the return to Earth. Cabin stowage started at 08:48 UTC.
"Atlantis" crew tested shuttle’s re-entry systems. Commander Hobaugh and Pilot Wilmore, with help from Mission Specialist Bresnik checked out the Flight Control System (FCS). Immediately afterwards, at 10:58 UTC, the astronauts test fired Reaction Control System (RCS) thrusters. The RCS thrusters control the shuttle’s orientation as it descends and begins its re-entry through the atmosphere. All astronauts gathered for a deorbit briefing a little after 11:00 UTC, just before their midday meal. The Thanksgiving dinner aboard "Atlantis" was more traditional than expected.
Earlier in the day, astronauts carried out the Shuttle Exhaust Ion Turbulence Experiments (SEITE) burn. The burn was radial down (nose to the Earth) such that the burn plume was observed by the orbiting C/NOFS satellite. Later, the Shuttle Ionospheric Modification with Pulsed Localized Exhaust Experiments (SIMPLEX) burn was conducted, with the burn plume observed by the Arecibo ground station.
All seven crew members took a break at 13:13 UTC for a 20 minute talk with news media representatives. During the chat they took questions from ABC Radio, WTVT-TV in Tampa and KCBS in Los Angeles.
After setup on the mid-deck of a recumbent seat for Nicole Stott and stowage of the Ku-band antenna used for high data rate communications during the mission at 19:34 UTC.
Nov. 27 (Flight Day 12 – Re-entry and Landing).
The Shuttle crew awoke Friday at 05:28 UTC. With weather looking good at the Kennedy Space Center, and nothing standing in the way of landing, Flight Director Bryan Lunney gave the "go" signal to close the payload bay doors at 10:52 UTC. Mission Control also instructed the astronauts to begin "fluid loading" – a protocol that aids the astronauts' readjustment to gravity. The crew strapped into their seats at 12:37 UTC in preparation for a landing. NASA operators gave the "go" for the deorbit burn and at 13:37 UTC, flying upside down and backwards above the southern Indian Ocean just west of Indonesia, "Atlantis" fired its orbital maneuvering system (OMS) engines for 2 minutes and 47 seconds. The deorbit burn decelerated the orbiter by about 211 miles per hour, enough to lower its orbital perigee into the upper atmosphere. "Atlantis" encountered the first traces of Earth's atmosphere, known as "entry interface", at 14:12 UTC at an altitude of 399,000 feet flying over the Pacific Ocean. At 14:26 UTC, eighteen minutes before touchdown, the orbiter was travelling at Mach 22; nine minutes later the orbiter was "gliding" at Mach 6. The shuttle’s ground track took it along the east coast of Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula, across the Gulf of Mexico and cross the Florida coast south of Fort Myers.
Atlantis’ main landing gear wheels touched down at 09:44:23 am EST (14:44:23 UTC) on Runway 33, followed by the nose wheel at 9:44:36 am EST (14:44:36 UTC). The shuttle’s wheels stopped at 9:45:05 am EST (14:45:05 UTC). This was the 72nd space shuttle landing at Kennedy Space Center. As the shuttle rolled to a halt, Commander Hobaugh announced "Houston, "Atlantis", wheels stop". CAPCOM Christopher Ferguson replied the crew, "Roger, wheels stopped, "Atlantis", that was a picture-perfect end to a top-fuel mission to the space station. Everybody, welcome back to Earth, especially you, Nicole."
"Atlantis" had two opportunities to land on November 27, 2009, with two more on November 28, 2009 – all targeting Kennedy Space Center. If the November 27, 2009 landing was waved off for some reason, the shuttle had consumables on board to allow "Atlantis" to remain in space until November 30, 2009.
After working through the checklists to safely power down the orbiter for about an hour, the crew got out of "Atlantis" and into the Crew Transport Vehicle. Exiting the vehicle without Stott, they performed the traditional walk-around of the shuttle and met with employees from NASA. Speaking briefly to the press following the walk-around, Commander Hobaugh said "We really had truly an amazing mission". He went to add, "We had no hitches. It was not us, it was not any single group, but it was just an incredible team from all around the nation".
Post-landing Crew Conference was held later in the day. Five STS-129 astronauts attended the conference. Mission Specialists, Randolph Bresnik and Nicole Stott were absent. Bresnik had flown home right away aboard a NASA training jet to be with his wife and new baby daughter. Stott was to take up standard medical checkups after her 91 days in space aboard the International Space Station.
Later in the afternoon around 14:00 pm EST, a service convoy started towing "Atlantis" from the runway back to Orbiter Processing Facility Bay 1.
The crew members flew back to NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston on the following Saturday. On November 30, 2009 they received the traditional Houston homecoming celebration at nearby Ellington Field.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.
Mission insignia.
The STS-129 mission patch was designed by Tim Gagnon and Dr. Jorge Cartes. The rather unique shape of the patch resulted from the crew's desire for the patch to signify the mission's payload (two ExPRESS Logistics Carriers) providing equipment ensuring the longevity of the ISS.
The insignia incorporates a number of design elements not typically incorporated into a single patch: the Sun, Moon, Mars, NASA's astronaut symbol (ascending on red, white and blue stripes symbolizing the all-U.S. crew), the ISS, the Shuttle orbiter and the continental United States (representing the major U.S. centers supporting the Space Shuttle Program).
The 13 stars on the patch represent the crewmembers' children, and the moon and Mars represent the future of space exploration. The names of the crew members are denoted on the outer band of the patch.

</doc>
<doc id="6002618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002618" title="Iowa Highway 38">
Iowa Highway 38

Iowa Highway 38 is a state highway that runs through eastern Iowa. Iowa 38 begins at Iowa Highway 92 in Muscatine and ends at Iowa Highway 3 near Greeley.
Route description.
Iowa 38 begins in Muscatine at an intersection with Iowa 92 at the foot of the Norbert F. Beckey Bridge. Southwest of the junction, U.S. Highway 61 Business (US 61 Business) and Iowa 92 head into the downtown and riverfront areas, while northeast of the junction, US 61 Business and Iowa 38 run together through a residential area. Shortly thereafter, Iowa 22 joins the two routes from the east. The intersection with U.S. Highway 61 (US 61) in northern Muscatine marks the end of US 61 Bus. Iowa 22 turns to the west along southbound US 61.
From Muscatine, Iowa 38 continues north to the southern intersection with US 6 south of Wilton. Just north of Wilton, US 6 / Iowa 38 cross into Cedar County. Shortly thereafter, they intersect Interstate 80 (I-80) and split in opposite directions; US 6 splits to the east and Iowa 38 to the west. Iowa 38 overlaps I-80 from exit 267 to exit 271. From I-80, the highway continues north towards Tipton where it meets the western end of Iowa 130. North of Tipton, Iowa 38 overlaps US 30 for , ending in Stanwood where Iowa 38 continues north.
Iowa 38 enters Jones County south of Olin and crosses the Wapsipinicon River on Olin's northern edge. later, Iowa 38 intersects Iowa 64, which Iowa 38 overlaps for before heading north towards Monticello passing through Center Junction and Scotch Grove. Next to the Monticello Regional Airport, Iowa 38 meets US 151. later, Iowa 38 meets and overlaps the former alignment of US 151, now US 151 Business. At First Street, it leaves US 151 Bus to the west for a few blocks before turning north again towards Hopkinton and crossing the Maquoketa River.
Just north of Sand Springs, Iowa 38 intersects County Road X47 (CR X47), which is a cutoff to eastbound US 20. From Hopkinton to Delhi, the highway is roughly parallel to the Maquoketa River. At Delaware, Iowa 38 intersects US 20. Iowa 38 briefly overlaps US 20's former routing, now CR D22, north of Delaware. Iowa 38 continues north through Greeley and ends north of Greeley at Iowa 3.

</doc>
<doc id="6002623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002623" title="STS-130">
STS-130

STS-130 (ISS assembly flight 20A) was a NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS). 's primary payloads were the "Tranquility" module and the "Cupola", a robotic control station with six windows around its sides and another in the center, providing a 360-degree view around the station. "Endeavour" launched at 04:14 EST (09:14 UTC) on 8 February 2010 and landed at 22:22 EST on 21 February 2010 on runway 15 at the Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility.
Mission payload.
STS-130 carried Tranquility and the Cupola to the International Space Station. Tranquility was shipped from the Thales Alenia Space facility in Turin, Italy. It arrived at Kennedy Space Center on 21 May 2009. It was formerly known as Node 3, and was named by a NASA poll.
Shuttle processing.
"Endeavour" moved from the Vehicle Assembly Building to launch pad 39A. The process started at 04:13 EST on 6 January 2010. Before rolling out to the launch pad, engineers at Kennedy Space Center had an extended preparation time to get "Endeavour" ready to move to the launch pad due to the unusually cold weather. The was completed at 10:37 EST. The trip took 6hrs 24min.
Launch attempts.
The first launch attempt was scheduled for 04:39:00 EST 7 February 2010, but was scrubbed due to clouds over the Kennedy Space Center. The second launch attempt was successful at 04:14:08 EST (9:14:08 UTC) 8 February 2010. Forecasters originally predicted a 70% chance of favorable launch weather conditions, but that degraded to 30% hours before the planned launch due to low clouds.
Mission milestones.
The mission marked:
Mission timeline.
8 February (Flight Day 1: Launch).
"Endeavour" launched successfully at 4:14:08 EST (9:14:08 UTC). When "Endeavour" lifted off, the space station was traveling about 212 miles over western Romania. Once in orbit the crew opened the payload bay doors, activated the radiators and deployed the Ku band antenna. Nick Patrick and Kay Hire then proceeded to activate, did a check out of the Shuttle Robotic Arm (SRMS) and then conducted a survey of the payload bay. The crew was also successful in down-linking imagery and video of the external tank to the ground.
9 February (Flight Day 2).
Most of the crew day was spent on conducting the standard inspection of the thermal protection system (TPS). All six of the crew members participated at one point during this task. Once the inspection process had moved to the port wing, astronauts Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick began working on checking out and preparing the spacesuits that will be used during the mission's three spacewalks. Once the survey of the TPS was complete, Stephen Robinson and Kay Hire, with Bob Behnken joining once his spacesuit tasks were complete, began checking out and preparing the tools that will be used during the rendezvous with the International Space Station (ISS). These tools include a hand-held LIDAR gun used for finding out the closing rate of the shuttle and distance from the ISS, the Orbiter Docking System (ODS) which is the part of the shuttle that connects to the space station and a centerline camera in the ODS to assist the commander George Zamka during docking.
10 February (Flight Day 3: Rendezvous with ISS).
During the first part of the crew's workday, they performed a series of burns to catch up and dock with the International Space Station (ISS). Once the shuttle was below the ISS, commander George Zamka began what is known as the Rendezvous Pitch Maneuver (RPM). During the maneuver, ISS commander Jeff Williams and flight engineer Oleg Kotov took photos of the shuttle's thermal protection system (TPS). Space shuttle "Endeavour" docked with the ISS at 5:26 UTC (00:06 EST). After completing leak checks the hatches between both vehicles were opened at 6:26 UTC (1:26 EST). The joint Expedition 22/STS-130 crew conducted the standard welcome ceremony and then conducted their safety brief. Once that was complete commander George Zamka, Bob Behnken and Steve Robinson began transferring the spacesuits Behnken and Nick Patrick will use for the three spacewalks. Also during this time Nick Patrick and ISS flight engineer T.J. Creamer picked up the OBSS boom and handed it off to the space shuttle robot arm using the station's SSRMS or Canadarm2. The shuttle arm was operated by Kay Hire and pilot Terry Virts.
11 February (Flight Day 4: Spacewalk 1 preparation).
Flight day 4 saw Nick Patrick and Bob Behnken get all the tools they need ready for their spacewalk on flight day 5. While Patrick and Behnken were getting the tools ready, commander George Zamka and ISS flight engineer Soichi Noguchi swapped out the Hard Upper Torso (HUT) on Bob Behnken's suit, since the original HUT had developed a problem with a wire harness and was not powering the Wireless Video System (WVS) or the heaters in his gloves and boots. Once the swap was complete, Zamka and Noguchi tested the suit successfully. The crew also performed a number of transfer related activities during the morning of their work day. After a joint meal together, the crew of STS-130 and ISS commander Jeff Williams and flight engineer T.J. Creamer conducted a PAO event with T.V. stations in Sacramento, California, Mobile, Alabama and a radio station in St. Louis, Missouri. Once the PAO event was finished, the joint crews had some off duty time for the rest of the day. Before the two crews went to bed they conducted a spacewalk procedures review, then got Nick Patrick and Bob Behnken into the Quest Airlock. Behnken and Patrick spent the night there at 10.2 psi instead of at the station's 14.6 psi, breathing pure oxygen for an hour before and after their sleep period in order to prevent decompression sickness.
12 February (Flight Day 5: Spacewalk 1).
Flight day 5 saw astronauts Nick Patrick and Bob Behnken perform the mission's first spacewalk, which began on time at 02:17 UTC. Their first task was to move the payload bay of "Endeavour" and prepare and release launch locks on the Tranquility module and Cupola. Once Behnken and Patrick were clear of its path, the Tranquility module was moved to the port side of the Unity node using the space station's robot arm. Before Tranquility was installed the spacewalkers removed Dextre's ORU platform and secured it to one of the truss segments to function as a backup for a platform to be installed on STS-132. Once the new module was in place, the spacewalkers proceeded to connect temporary heater and data cables between Unity and Tranquility. Behnken and Patrick were ahead of the timeline so they were also able to complete some get-ahead tasks. The spacewalk was completed six and a half hours later, on Friday, 08:49 UTC. After the spacewalk, other crew members completed transfer-related tasks. The transfers are now over halfway complete.
13 February (Flight Day 6: Spacewalk 2 preparation).
On flight day 6 members of the joint crew opened the hatches to the new Tranquility module for the first time. STS-130 crew-members George Zamka, Terry Virts, Stephen Robinson and Kay Hire all helped in the initial outfitting of the node. During the initial outfitting, Terry Virts and Kay Hire prepared the Cupola for its move from the end of Node 3. While that was going on spacewalkers Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick re-sized and repaired Bob Behnken's original suit for use by Nick Patrick, after a small problem with a fan was discovered. Once that task was complete the pair began getting their tools ready for the second of three spacewalks. Throughout the day there were 2 PAO events, the first was a special event conducted by Capcom Mike Massimino. Massimino asked Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick questions he received through his Twitter account. Later in the day Kay Hire and Terry Virts took questions from the Associated Press, CBS News and Reuters. At the end of the day the whole crew conducted another EVA procedures review in preparation for EVA2.
14 February (Flight Day 7: Spacewalk 2).
The second of three spacewalks was completed on flight day 7. Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick were able to complete all their planned tasks in 5 hours and 54 minutes. The tasks included installing ammonia coolant loops, thermal blankets to protect the ammonia hoses, outfitting the earth facing port of Tranquility for the Cupola, install handrails and a non-propulsive vent valve (NPV). During the connection of one of the ammonia hoses, a small amount of ammonia leaked out of a quick disconnect valve and floated towards Nick Patrick. Procedures called for a "bake-out" while Patrick worked during the sunlit portion of the orbit, and a contamination test in the airlock. The bake-out happened at the end of the spacewalk. While the spacewalk was happening, Terry Virts and Kay Hire along with ISS commander Jeff Williams, Soichi Noguchi and T.J. Creamer, continued outfitting the Tranquility module. This included setting up the ventilation system, connecting electrical and computer cables and configuring racks. They confirmed lights and computers were on in the node once the ammonia cooling system had been activated. The crew also received word the mission had been extended by one day in the morning.
15 February (Flight Day 8).
On flight day 8, the Cupola was successfully moved from its launch location to its permanent location on the earth facing side of Tranquility. Cupola was moved by the space station robot arm (SSRMS), which was operated by Kay Hire and Terry Virts. ISS commander Jeff Williams assisted them by releasing the bolts and hooks that held the Cupola in place and then securing it to its new home. The process was slightly delayed due to some bolts that were torqued tighter than expected on the ground, but flight controllers were able to increase the torque to release the bolts. Once the move of the Cupola was complete, outfitting continued to get the cupola ready. The crew will be able to ingress it tomorrow, but the window covers will not be opened until after the third and final spacewalk. While the Cupola relocation was going on, some of the crew members participated in transferring items between the shuttle and station. Also during this time Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick prepared the tools that they will use during the final spacewalk scheduled for flight day 10. During this time the pair re-sized another spacesuit on station for use by Behnken. This was done because the suit Behnken had been using had some problems with its communications equipment.
16 February (Flight Day 9: Spacewalk 3 preparation).
Flight day 9 saw the relocation of Pressurized Mating Adapter 3 (PMA3) from the Harmony node, where it was temporarily located, to its permanent home on the end of Tranquility. The PMA will provide protection from micro-meteoroid debris. PMA3 was moved by Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick, with help from Jeff Williams and Soichi Noguchi to release the PMA3. During the PMA3 relocation, Kay Hire and Terry Virts continued work on outfitting the Cupola. The joint Expedition 22/STS-130 crews enjoyed a meal together and had some off-duty time in the 2nd half of their day. Before the scheduled bedtime the entire crew conducted another EVA procedures review for the third and final EVA of the mission.
17 February (Flight Day 10: Spacewalk 3).
On flight day 10, astronauts Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick completed the third and final spacewalk of the STS-130 mission. Their tasks included hooking up heater and data cables for PMA-3, removing thermal covers and launch locks on Cupola, and installing handrails on Tranquility and a video cable for another base to be installed on the Russian segment of the ISS. Bob Behnken also connected the second ammonia cooling loop and disconnected a temporary power cable on Tranquility. Once the launch locks were removed, pilot Terry Virts opened the windows on Cupola for the first time. During the day Kay Hire and Terry Virts hooked up and transferred the Cupola robotics station for its use in the future. Terry Virts also completed some transfer tasks in the morning.
18 February (Flight Day 11).
On flight day 11, the joint Expedition 22/STS-130 crew received a phone call from U.S. President Barack Obama and several school children. After the conference with President Obama and the children, the crew members began transferring Environmental control and life support system (ECLSS) racks to the Tranquility module. These transfers were done by ISS commander Jeff Williams, flight engineer T.J. Creamer, shuttle commander George Zamka and mission specialist Stephen Robinson and took most of the day. Also during the day pilot Terry Virts continued working on getting the Cupola set-up for the robotics work station. He had a small problem installing some corner panels which are needed to hold the workstation. Spacewalkers Bob Behnken and Nick Patrick were busy reconfiguring the airlock for use by the station crew and later flights. They also transferred their spacesuits and tools back to the shuttle for the return trip home. After the rack transfers were done the crew completed some more transfers and passed the 75% complete mark. The space shuttle commanded by commander Zamka and pilot Terry Virts completed a reboost of the station using its vernier thrusters.
19 February (Flight Day 12).
The STS-130 crew completed their remaining transfer tasks on flight day 12. The joint STS-130/Expedition 22 crew held a joint press conference with reports at NASA centers and in Japan. ISS commander Jeff Williams and shuttle commander George Zamka held a ribbon cutting ceremony to officially open the cupola for use. After the conference and ribbon cutting ceremony the crews gathered one last time for a meal together in the Unity module. After their meal the crews conducted a farewell ceremony and closed the hatches between the two vehicles. The latter part of the STS-130 crew's day was spent stowing items and getting their rendezvous tools out and checking them out to ensure they are ready for undocking.
20 February (Flight Day 13 – Undocking).
Space shuttle "Endeavour" successfully undocked with the ISS at 00:54 UTC (19:54 EST) on flight day 13. After undocking, pilot Terry Virts backed "Endeavour" to a distance of and began conducting a fly around of the ISS. After the fly around was complete, Virts used "Endeavour's" jets to move the shuttle to a point behind the station. Once the separation burns were complete, the crew conducted the late inspection of the shuttles thermal protection system. The inspection took up most of the crews afternoon with crew members rotating in and out to help with it. Commander George Zamka performed a waste water and condensate water dump, with the help of Terry Virts.
21 February (Flight Day 14: Landing Prep).
The crew of STS-130 began preparing the space shuttle "Endeavour" for landing. During the day commander George Zamka and pilot Terry Virts, with help from mission specialist and flight engineer Stephen Robinson checked out the Flight Control System (FCS) and did a hot fire test of the Reaction Control System (RCS). Commander Zamka also did communications checks with mission control through the tracking stations at Merit Island, White Sands Space Harbor and Edwards Air Force Base. These checks are routine for the day before landing and were all successful. While all the system checkouts were going on, the rest of the crew were stowing items no longer needed during the flight. During the early part of the day Stephen Robinson and Terry Virts also stowed and deactivated the space shuttle robotic arm. The entire crew also took time out of their day to conduct an in-flight interview with CNN, CNN Español and Univision.
22 February (Flight Day 15: Landing).
Space shuttle "Endeavour" and her STS-130 crew awoke on flight day 15 to begin getting ready for landing. The landing preparations included closing the payload bay doors, activating the Auxiliary Power Units and getting into their launch and entry suits. Commander George Zamka and pilot Terry Virts fired "Endeavours" 2 OMS engines for 2min 38sec, this slowed "Endeavour" by about . The decision to go ahead with the de-orbit burn was made 25min prior to the burn occurring. Landing occurred at 22:22:10 EST at the Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility runway 15. The crew exited the orbiter and inspected it about 2hrs after landing. All 6 crew members spoke to the press on the runway before heading back to the Operations & Check-out building.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.

</doc>
<doc id="6002628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6002628" title="STS-131">
STS-131

STS-131 (ISS assembly flight 19A) was a NASA Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station (ISS). launched on 5 April 2010 at 6:21 am from Kennedy Space Center's launch pad 39A, and landed at 9:08 am on 20 April 2010 on runway 33 at the Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility. The mission marked the longest flight for space shuttle "Discovery".
The primary payload was a Multi-Purpose Logistics Module loaded with supplies and equipment for the International Space Station. The mission also removed and replaced an ammonia tank assembly outside the station on the S1 truss. STS-131 furthermore carried several on-board payloads; this mission had the most payloads since STS-107.
Mission payload.
Multi-Purpose Logistics Module "Leonardo".
The primary payload of STS-131 was the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) "Leonardo". The MPLM was filled with food and science supplies for the International Space Station (ISS). The MPLM also carried the third and final Minus Eighty Degree Laboratory Freezer for ISS (MELFI), Window Orbital Research Facility (WORF), one Crew Quarters Rack, the Muscle Atrophy Resistive Exercise (MARES) rack, Resupply Stowage Racks (RSRs), as well as Resupply Stowage Platforms (RSPs).
Lightweight Multi-Purpose Equipment Support Structure Carrier.
The Lightweight Multi-Purpose Equipment Support Structure Carrier (LMC) carried a refurbished Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA) to the ISS. The refurbished ATA was removed from the Space Station and returned for use on this mission during STS-128. It was swapped with an empty tank which will ride home on the LMC.
TriDAR.
This mission was the second flight of the TriDAR, a 3D dual-sensing laser camera, intended for potential use as an autonomous rendezvous and docking sensor. TriDAR provides guidance information that can be used to guide a vehicle during rendezvous and docking operations in space. TriDAR does not rely on any reference markers, such as reflectors, positioned on the target spacecraft. To achieve this, it relies on a laser based 3D sensor and a thermal imager. Geometric information contained in successive 3D images is matched against the known shape of the target object to calculate its position and orientation in real-time. The TriDAR tracked the ISS position and orientation from the shuttle during docking, undocking, and flyaround operations.
Shuttle processing.
Space Shuttle "Discovery" was moved from its hangar in the Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF) 3 to the nearby Vehicle Assembly Building on 22 February 2010. The rollover was completed around 10:30 EST. According to NASA, the rollover occurred a day earlier than announced to take advantage of favorable weather in advance of poor conditions forecasted on the next day.
An earlier plan to move "Discovery" into the VAB on 12 February 2010 was delayed because of cold weather at the Kennedy Space Center. For the rollover, temperatures in the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) had to be above for more than twelve hours because "Discovery" was not attached to any heating purges to protect its systems from potential damage from the cold.
Space shuttle "Discovery" began its trip, known as the rollout, to launch pad 39A at 23:58 EST on 2 March 2010. The complete shuttle stack and mobile launch platform were secured to the launch pad 39A structure at 6:49 EST on 3 March 2010. The trek took 6 hours 51 minutes to complete. The rollout was delayed 24 hours by the threat of lightning from a passing cold front. That weather moved away, and the stiff wind gusts blowing on Florida's Space Coast on the next day were not a factor for the rollout. Ahead of the rollout, engineers noticed some damage caused by birds to the External Tank (ET-135), which was repaired inside the VAB. Birds had managed to reach the tank, and pecked away at the Thermal Protection System (TPS) foam.
Mission timeline.
6 April (Flight Day 2 – Inspections).
The seven person crew of STS-131 was awakened to begin their first full day in space on Flight Day 2. Due to the lack of Ku-band communication, changes to the crews daily plan were read up for them to write out. After their post sleep activities, commander Alan Poindexter and pilot Jim Dutton fired "Discovery"'s Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) engines to correct and further refine the shuttle's path to the ISS. Astronauts Naoko Yamazaki and Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger began activating and checking out the Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS) also known as the Canadarm. While Metcalf-Lindenburger and Yamazaki were working with Canadarm, Stephanie Wilson was getting equipment together and set up to record the inspections of the shuttle's heat shield. The inspections were recorded so they could be downlinked to the ground once docked to the ISS. Once all that work was done, commander Poindexter and pilot Dutton joined Metcalf-Lindenburger, Yamazaki, and Wilson to conduct the inspection of the shuttle's heat shield. While the inspection was going on, Rick Mastracchio and Clayton Anderson were on the mid-deck of "Discovery" checking out the Extravehicular Mobility Units (EMU) and getting them ready for their three spacewalks. The last portion of the crew day was spent preparing and checking out all of the tools used during rendezvous.
7 April (Flight Day 3 – Docking).
Space shuttle "Discovery" successfully docked with the space station at 07:44 UTC (03:44 EDT) on 7 April 2010 as the two spacecraft sailed 220 miles above the Caribbean. The crew performed six successful engine firings to set up the on-time docking. Prior to docking commander Poindexter guided "Discovery" through the standard Rendezvous Pitch Maneuver (RPM). Station commander Oleg Kotov and flight engineer T.J. Creamer took more than 350 photos of "Discovery"'s heat shield. Once "Discovery" docked to the International Space Station (ISS), a series of leak checks were done on both sides of the hatch by the shuttle and station crews. The hatches between the two vehicles were opened at 09:11 UTC (05:11 EDT), which was 30 minutes earlier than planned. Once the hatches were opened the STS-131 crew got a safety briefing from the station crew, then began to transfer items that would be needed for later in the day and early on flight day 4. Two items that were transferred were the two EMUs that will be used for the three spacewalks. The crew also completed a grapple of the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) with the Space Station Remote Manipulator System (SSRMS) also known as Canadarm2. Once the OBSS was grappled it was unberthed from the starboard sill of the space shuttle payload bay, and handed off to the SRMS. Throughout the day, after docking to the station, the shuttle crew began downlinking all of the inspection video from flight day 2, and launch imagery and video.
8 April (Flight Day 4 – MPLM ingress).
On flight day 4 Stephanie Wilson and Naoko Yamazaki grappled and berthed the Multi-purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) "Leonardo". The MPLM was berthed to the station at 04:24 UTC (00:24 EDT). The hatches were opened by station flight engineer Soichi Noguchi and shuttle mission specialist Clayton Anderson at 11:58 UTC (07:58 EDT). The joint STS-131/Expedition 23 crews began transferring cargo from the MPLM, with the first item being a Rate Gyro Assembly (RGA) which will be replaced on the first spacewalk of the mission. During flight day 4 commander Alan Poindexter did several in-flight interviews. Commander Poindexter was joined by mission specialists Rick Mastracchio and Stephanie Wilson. The interviews were with the Tom Joyner Radio Show, WVIT-TV and Fox News Radio. At the end of the day Mastracchio and Anderson entered the Quest airlock and begin breathing pure oxygen for an hour, while the atmospheric pressure inside the airlock was lowered to 10.2 psi. This procedure is known as the pre-breathe protocol and is done before every spacewalk, to purge nitrogen from the blood stream and prevent decompression sickness.
9 April (Flight Day 5 – EVA 1).
Flight day 5 saw the completion of the first spacewalk by Rick Mastracchio and Clayton Anderson. The pair released the new ammonia tank assembly for transfer to station for installation on a later spacewalk. They also removed an experiment from outside on the Kibo Exposed Facility, replaced a Rate Gyro Assembly (RGA) and performed several get-ahead tasks. The spacewalking pair was assisted by the SSRMS which was operated by pilot Jim Dutton and mission specialist Stephanie Wilson. While the spacewalk was going on, Naoko Yamazaki was assisted by commander Alan Poindexter, and the Expedition 23 crew to move several of the large science racks from the MPLM "Leonardo" to their new location on the ISS.
10 April (Flight Day 6 – Transfers).
Flight day 6 was dedicated to transferring supplies from the MPLM "Leonardo" and the space shuttle mid-deck. The crews transferred the Windows Observational Research Facility (WORF) to the Destiny lab. Mission specialist Naoko Yamazaki, along with flight engineer Soichi Noguchi also transferred the Express Rack 7 (ER7) to its final location. During the crews morning, a smoke alarm sounded in the Russian segment of the station, which prompted the joint crew to move into emergency procedures. However the alarm was false and was cleared within a couple of minutes and all normal work resumed. Mission specialists Clay Anderson, Rick Mastracchio and Stephanie Wilson conducted in-flight interviews with Nebraska Public Radio, CBS Newspath and Radio Network and KETV-TV in Omaha, Nebraska. Later in the day commander Alan Poindexter, pilot Jim Dutton and mission specialist Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger talked with students at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. At the end of the crews work day, the joint crew got together and reviewed the procedures for the second spacewalk. After the procedures review spacewalkers Clay Anderson and Rick Mastracchio entered the Quest airlock, closed the hatch and lowered the inside pressure to 10.2 psi. The pair also breathed pure oxygen for an hour while the pressure was being lowered.
11 April (Flight Day 7 – EVA 2).
On flight day 7 astronauts Clay Anderson and Rick Mastracchio performed their second spacewalk of the STS-131 mission. Mastracchio and Anderson exited the airlock at 05:30 UTC, a full 45 minutes ahead of the planned time, and spent 7 hours and 26 minutes outside the ISS. The pair removed the old Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA) from the S1 truss and installed the new ATA. Anderson and Mastracchio ran into a small problem when one of the four bolts that holds the tank in place wouldn't turn. They loosened the other three and tried them all again and the fourth bolt was successfully tightened. The two spacewalkers helped guide the SSRMS to temporarily stow the old ATA on the truss structure. The new ATA had its electrical connections made, but the fluid connections were deferred until the third spacewalk since the EVA was behind the time-line. Mastracchio and Anderson also installed two radiator grapple fixture stowage beams on the P1 truss. While Anderson and Mastracchio were outside, members of the STS-131 crew continued transferring items from space shuttle "Discovery"'s mid-deck and the MPLM "Leonardo". Overall, the crew had completed about half of the transfer work.
12 April (Flight Day 8 – Off duty).
The joint STS-131/Expedition 23 crews had the morning off on flight day 8. After their morning off the crews continued their transfer activities, which are more than seventy percent complete. The crews also conducted several PAO events, including VIP events with Roscosmos, Russian president Dmitry Medvedev, RSC Energia, the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), Japanese students, astronaut Mamoru Mohri, and Japanese dignitaries. Later commander Alan Poindexter, pilot Jim Dutton and mission specialists Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Stephanie Wilson participated in an in-flight interview with several American media outlets including Fox News, ABC World News and MSNBC. While the PAO events were going on, Rick Mastracchio and Clay Anderson were preparing the spacesuits and tools they will use for the third and final spacewalk. Later in the day the pair will have a procedures review with other members of the ISS and shuttle crews. After the review, they will enter the airlock, close the hatch and lower the pressure to 10.2 psi and breathe pure oxygen for their campout.
13 April (Flight Day 9 – EVA 3).
On flight day 9, Rick Mastracchio and Clay Anderson completed the third and final spacewalk of the STS-131 mission. Their tasks included hooking up the ammonia and nitrogen lines to the new Ammonia Tank Assembly (ATA), installing the old ATA in the shuttle's payload bay, retrieving some Micro-Meteoroid Orbital Debris (MMOD) shields, bolting a grapple bar (which had been removed from the old ATA) onto the new ATA, and preparation of some cables on the Z1 truss and tools to be used during STS-132. During the installation of the old ATA in "Discovery"'s payload bay, the spacewalkers had some problems securing a bolt on the ATA to the LMC. The spacewalk took 6 hours and 24 minutes, bringing the total EVA time to 20 hours and 19 minutes. While the EVA was going on, commander Alan Poindexter and mission specialist Naoko Yamazaki continued transferring items from the MPLM to the ISS. Transfer is more than seventy-five percent complete.
14 April (Flight Day 10 – Final transfers/off duty).
The crew of STS-131 continued with transfer activities on the morning of flight day 10. The morning was devoted largely to transferring items to the MPLM "Leonardo". There are only a few items awaiting transfer to space shuttle "Discovery"'s mid-deck left. The crew enjoyed an hour long mid-day meal with the Expedition 23 crew. The entire joint crew took part in a crew photo, which was followed by a joint crew news conference with U.S., Russian and Japanese media. Later in the day commander Alan Poindexter, mission specialists Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger, Stephanie Wilson and Clayton Anderson took time out to talk with students from Eastern Guilford High School in Gibsonville, North Carolina and with third and fourth graders from that school district. The majority of the crews afternoon was spent off duty.
15 April (Flight Day 11 – MPLM unberthing).
On flight day 11 the MPLM "Leonardo"s hatches were closed at 07:38 UTC (03:38 EDT) and the MPLM was unberthed from the nadir or earth facing port of the Harmony node at 20:24 UTC (16:24 EDT). It was placed in a low hover, about above shuttle "Discovery"'s payload bay. This was done because the MPLM was unberthed from "Harmony" later than planned. The delay in unberthing was caused by a set of bolts on the Common Berthing Mechanism (CBM) getting stuck due to a broken pin. The crew will finish putting "Leonardo" in the payload bay on flight day 12, prior to the docked late inspection. The crews conducted some transfer operations between the ISS and shuttle mid-deck, which brings the overall transfer operations to ninety-four percent complete for the mission.
16 April (Flight Day 12 – Late inspection).
On flight day 12, the crew of space shuttle "Discovery" secured the MPLM "Leonardo" in the payload bay for return to earth. Mission specialist Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger activated the latches to secure "Leonardo" in the payload bay at 07:15 UTC (03:15 EDT). After "Leonardo" was secured, Metcalf-Lindenburger, pilot Jim Dutton began the late inspection of "Discovery"'s heat shield. The pair were joined by commander Alan Poindexter and mission specialist Naoko Yamazaki to complete the inspection of the shuttle's Reinforced Carbon-Carbon (RCC) panels on the wings and nose and the heat-resistant tiles. The scan which takes about 7 hours was completed 3 hours ahead of schedule, and was done while still docked to the International Space Station (ISS) due to the loss of the shuttles Ku-Band antenna.
17 April (Flight Day 13 – Undocking).
Space Shuttle "Discovery" successfully undocked from the International Space Station (ISS) at 12:52 UTC (08:52 EDT). "Discovery" was docked to the ISS for 10 days, 5 hours and 8 minutes. After "Discovery" departed from the ISS, pilot Jim Dutton took control of the shuttle and performed a fly around of the space station. The undocking was preceded by a farewell ceremony, where shuttle commander Alan Poindexter and station commander Oleg Kotov said farewells on behalf of their crews. After undocking the shuttle crew stowed the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) and the Shuttle Remote Manipulator System (SRMS) since they will not be needed for the rest of the flight. The crew was also informed that "Discovery"'s heat shield was cleared for re-entry into Earth's atmosphere.
18 April (Flight Day 14 – Landing prep).
On flight day 14, the crew of space shuttle "Discovery" began their final preparations for landing. The crew packed and stowed away items they no longer need for the rest of the flight. Throughout the day commander Alan Poindexter and pilot Jim Dutton completed a series of checkouts of flight systems. These checks include 2 firings of the Reaction Control System (RCS) jets and a test of the Flight Control System (FCS). Once those checkouts were complete the pair began doing communications checkouts with the Merritt Island tracking station and tracking stations at the White Sands Space Harbor in New Mexico and Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards Air Force Base. The crew also took time out of their day to conduct an in-flight interview with WBZ-AM in Boston, Massachusetts, the Associated Press and KEZI-TV in Eugene, Oregon.
19 April (Flight day 15 – First landing opportunity).
The crew of STS-131 awoke for flight day 15 and began their deorbit preparations. These preparations include closing the payload bay doors, activating the Flash Evaporator System (FES) and getting into their Advanced Crew Escape Suits (ACES). The crew got as far as "fluid loading", where the crew consumes a set quantity of fluids to counteract the effects of gravity, in their deorbit preps. The crew was informed of the one orbit wave off about one hour prior to the deorbit burn. After the crew was told of the wave off, they held in their procedures to see if they would be given a go for the second landing opportunity. However, they were not given a go for the second chance and the crew began backing out of their deorbit preps. Both landing chances were waved off due to bad weather at the Kennedy Space Center.
20 April (Flight day 16 – Landing).
Space shuttle Discovery landed at 09:08 EDT (13:08 UTC) on runway 33 at Florida's Kennedy Space Center following a two-week mission in space.
Spacewalks.
At least three spacewalks were planned for this mission.
The main objectives for the three EVAs were as follows:
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Each track is specially chosen, often by their families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.

</doc>
