<doc id="5964927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964927" title="Undeveloped Buffy the Vampire Slayer spinoffs">
Undeveloped Buffy the Vampire Slayer spinoffs

The popular fictional Buffyverse established by TV series, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" has led to attempts to develop more commercially viable programs set in the fictional 'Buffyverse'. However some of these projects remain undeveloped for various reasons: sometimes, vital cast members may be unavailable; alternatively, studios and networks which would provide capital for the spinoffs might remain unconvinced that such projects are financially viable.
From 2007 onwards, many ideas for unproduced "Buffy" spin-offs found their way into canonical comic books. Ideas for "Faith" were utilised in Dark Horse Comics' "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight"; ideas for "Spike" featured in IDW Publishing's ""; and characters and plotlines developed for "Ripper"
were adapted for Dark Horse's "Angel & Faith".
Overview.
A summary of the undeveloped productions:
Buffy the Animated Series.
"Buffy the Animated Series" was an undeveloped animated TV show based on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Development began on the show in 2001 and the series was initially greenlit by 20th Century Fox in 2002. Six scripts were completed by members of Mutant Enemy and in 2004 a four minute presentation was produced (which was distributed only within the industry). However, it ultimately went unproduced and unaired when no network was willing to buy the series.
"Corrupt" (unaired "Angel" episode).
"Corrupt" was originally intended as the second "Angel" episode. The story used dark and adult themes. The script written by David Fury included the character Kate Lockley as a drug-addicted cop deep undercover as a prostitute, and also included Angel tasting the blood of a victim. The production was abandoned, and instead the "lighter" episode, "Lonely Hearts," was written and produced.
Faith the Vampire Slayer.
Tim Minear was behind an idea for a "Buffy" spinoff in 2003 featuring Eliza Dushku as the popular antihero slayer Faith. Instead, Dushku would go on to star as the main character in the series "Tru Calling".
Ideas intended for the spin-off were later borrowed in small part by Brian K. Vaughan for his "No Future for You" arc in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight".
Ripper.
"Ripper" was originally a proposed television show based upon the character of Rupert Giles from "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (created by Joss Whedon). More recent information has suggested that if "Ripper" were ever made it would be a TV-movie or a DVD-movie. Giles, played by British actor Anthony Stewart Head, was nicknamed 'Ripper' while he was dabbling in the occult during his rebellious youth.
Whedon said that the show would be in the tradition of "classic English ghost stories" and would explore the theme of loneliness. Head described the idea as being like ""Cracker" with ghosts"; Whedon elaborated on some of the themes he had planned for the series: "The people who live there, it's all very isolated. himself has been gone for many years. He was surrounded by a "de facto" family that he no longer has. And [he is sort of picking up his life all alone, and then getting involved in the underbelly of other people's lives, and finding out all about them. Loneliness is what I think of. It may not be the theme so much as the emotional intent of the series, but that's what really attracts it to me the most" It was later reported that Whedon had written the two-hour pilot, and that Espenson and other "Buffy" staff writers had penned story outlines for other potential episodes.
Originally in 2001, the show was planned to be aired as a miniseries on the BBC. Later mentions suggested a TV movie, however in an interview in December 2005, Head suggested that "Ripper" would be a "two hour movie, that might become part of a series of DVDs". However, Whedon was then involved in his new TV series "Dollhouse" which ended in 2010 and comic book "Buffy Season 8". Whedon announced plans for a Ripper series as soon as Head left Buffy in 2001 to return to his home in England. Over the past eight years, the idea has evolved.
At Comic Con 2007, Joss Whedon confirmed that talks were almost completed for a 90-minute "Ripper" special on the BBC, with both Head and the BBC completely on board.
The development process was supposedly set to begin in 2008 and "Ripper" was to be shown in the summer of that year. However, in a BBC interview in April 2008, Head stated that 'Creator Joss Whedon is busy with another project, I'm tied up too, so at the moment I'd just say that it's still out there.' In this same interview, Head mentioned that Whedon had discussed the project with "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood" producer Julie Gardner.
"Originally, when he pitched it to me, it was a series, and it was Giles as this sad, lonely man in England without a real reason to be," Head said. "It was pretty much ghost stories. Week by week, some ghost story would somehow affect him. Then he said he didn't want to. By that time, I think he had been affected by Angel, the need to write a weekly story. I think he found at that point the drive was different, so he suggested this one film that we were going to make. He told me this story that he had written, and it's absolutely beautiful, and I hope that one day it gets made, whether it's in the guise of Ripper or whether we just tell it as a one-off TV movie. It's a lovely, lovely story. It's kind of a ghost story. It's also about a man investigating his own soul, and it's fascinating, lovely, sad, and it's classic Joss Whedon. I hope we get to make it one day. From there on in, if it was successful, maybe he could have been convinced to do a series. As I say, now he's back in the seat of doing a weekly series with Dollhouse; maybe he can be convinced otherwise. Never say never, but at the same time, I think it's on a shelf for a while."
Later Joss Whedon gave an interview to TV Week's James Hibberd and was surprisingly non-committal about Ripper. Whedon stated that "There isn’t anything new. It might become too problematic. The rights issue with 'Ripper' becomes complicated. There are other characters in the woods. We may have to do some fancy footwork. Obviously I’m committed to "Dollhouse" but that does not mean I’m not doing 'Ripper'".
[http://www.televisionaryblog.com/2008/04/what-ever-happened-to-joss-whedons.html] In an interview from "The Write Environnement", Whedon reiterated: "Well, Ripper fell victim to a lot of things, most of them contractual... at this point, all I know is I’m gonna do something with Tony for the BBC - and I don’t know what it is... Actually, I kinda do know what it is, but I haven’t figured it out enough to tell anybody... but I think it probably won’t be Ripper."
With the cancellation of "Dollhouse" Whedon has been locked in talks over the rights issues of the character of Rupert Giles. This is the only hurdle with the BBC having funding, location and local production team in place, with Whedon delivering the initial script. It still remains unclear whether it would go beyond a 90 minute TV special or become a stand-alone miniseries.
During an interview with A.V. Club, Whedon says: "[..]the thing about Ripper—the essence of it—is that the BBC came to me at one point like, “It doesn’t have to be Ripper. It can just be Stewart Head, and there’s magic, and he’s Tony, cuz he’s awesome.” And that’s the thing: For some reason, he keeps getting sexier every year. That’s not happening to me! I’m like, “What are you doing?” And that story was always about a mature guy who’s lived, and about the choices he’s made. So you could make that now, or you could make it 10 years from now. And I’ve tortured Tony more than any other living human with, “We’re definitely gonna do this!” Because I thought we were. He’s working so much, though, I’d feel too guilty. But that’s the thing with Ripper: It doesn’t go away in my head because he’s still right for it, and he could still bring it."
In 2012, content for the "Ripper" TV series began to be adapted for the comic book "Angel & Faith", which depicts Angel's quest to resurrect Giles, while living in Giles' London home, which passed on to his primary inheritor, Faith Lehane. Storylines depicting Giles' past in this series were intended for "Ripper", as were several of its characters. Giles' aunts feature, ageless witches named Sophronia and Lavinia Fairweather. Whedon had intended from them to be portrayed by Anthony Head's daughters Emily and Daisy Head in the live action series.
Slayer School.
Jane Espenson has said that back when the series "Buffy" was nearing its end, "I think Marti talked with Joss about Slayer School, I assume there was some back-and-forth pitching."
Espenson revealed more information when she gave a talk at Ball State University in March 2003. The show might have used some of the Potentials (who became slayers after "Chosen"), and other characters from "Buffy", which might have included Willow Rosenberg. Espenson also revealed that Whedon did not think that such a spinoff felt right. It seems that the concept for "Slayer School" was never developed beyond a 'pitch' for a potential spin-off to replace "Buffy".
"Spike" movie.
Spike was a proposed movie based upon the character of Spike from "Buffy" and "Angel". The idea was considered dead by 2006 and in 2012 James Marsters, the actor who had portrayed the character Spike, confirmed for 411Mania that he would not play Spike again: he felt he was too visibly old to play the character without having "to cheat".
Production details.
After "Angel" was cancelled in 2004, WB claimed an interest in "Angel" TV movies. However, it was soon revealed that summer that David Boreanaz, who had already played the character for eight years on television, would only return to his character for a theatrical release.
In May 2004, James Marsters revealed that there might be a possibility of a Spike movie. The same year he said that he would be willing to return to the Buffyverse if it were within five years. Beyond that five years he feared that it would no longer be believable that Marsters was portraying an immortal character.
Since 2004 Whedon has been working on other projects, such as "Serenity", "Wonder Woman" and "Astonishing X-Men". However he has approached people and asked if they would be interested in participating in the Spike movie. He has said that Amy Acker would be a part of the movie, and if Alyson Hannigan was available she might appear. Whedon has even mentioned he might interlink the Spike story with that yet to be told in "Buffy" comics he will be writing for Dark Horse in 2007.
Tim Minear revealed in late 2005 that “"I had lunch with Joss and he asked me if I wanted to write and direct some blond vampire movie thing"”.
David Janollari, president of entertainment at The WB said in January 2006 that ""We'd love to do a Spike movie with Joss Whedon."" However he added that ""Joss Whedon is busy, fast becoming a kind of a big feature filmmaker. He's simply not available to us. But he knows, and you guys all know, the door is open any time that he wants to do that, for us to do that movie.""
Since then Whedon has continued to pursue the Spike movie, and find interested parties that would air and/or produce the film led by Minear, and starring Marsters and Acker. During March 2006, Whedon appeared on the UK TV Channel, "MTV Screenplay", he announced he was still trying to get the Spike movie made. In May 2006, outside the Saturn Awards, Whedon announced that he had pitched the concept to various bodies (which must include "20th Century Fox", since they own the rights to the fictional Buffyverse), but had yet to receive any feedback from those bodies. Amy Acker said at a convention in May 2006 that the Spike movie would not be happening: “I think its safe to say that’s not happening anymore, cause if they were, they’d be getting done right now. There was supposed to be three of them –- one for Spike, a Faith one and also one for Willow. I think it's safe to say that now because it's not going to happen”. In June 2006, Joss Whedon also said that funding was a problem: "There are certain characters I’ve been saving because I thought I might make movies about them, but that doesn’t look like it’s going to happen. I think money is standing in the way".

</doc>
<doc id="5964937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964937" title="Inza">
Inza

Inza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5964947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964947" title="Martha Laurijsen">
Martha Laurijsen

Martha ("Marty") Johanna Petronella Laurijsen (born 15 April 1954 in Utrecht) is a former rowing cox from the Netherlands. She won the bronze medal coxing the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Harriet van Ettekoven, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.

</doc>
<doc id="5964950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964950" title="Helen Elliott Donnelly">
Helen Elliott Donnelly

Helen Elliott Donnelly was a fictional character on the now-cancelled American soap opera, "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". She was first played by actress Grace Albertson, who was replaced by actress Gloria Hoye.
Meddling mother.
When she was first introduced, Helen was the wife of Philip Elliott, the brother of late war correspondent and Korean War veteran, Mark Elliott. In fact, her son, Mark was named after his late uncle. As one of San Francisco's most successful architects, Helen only wanted the best for him. She did bond well with her niece, Mia Elliott and had in fact allowed the Amerasian to stay with her family. She eventually went back to Hong Kong after her beau at the time had been discovered to have performed an illegal abortion. 
The often well-meaning, but interfering Helen had made no secret her dislike for Mark's fiancee, Iris Donnelly Garrison, and had begun to promote a relationship between Mark and her softer sister, Laura Donnelly, who had recently left a convent. She was absolutely pleased when Mark and Laura married. 
Some time later, Phil, Helen's husband and Mark's father, had died, and now she was alone. She began to bond with Laura's brother, Tom Donnelly, a police officer in San Francisco, and after his divorce from his wife, Martha Donnelly (alias Julie Richards), began to see him and were eventually married. Helen proved to be an excellent mother to her stepson Ricky (Shawn Campbell). Presumably, she and Tom are still married and living in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="5964957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964957" title="Tim Bergland">
Tim Bergland

Timothy Daniel Bergland (born January 11, 1965 in Crookston, Minnesota) is a retired American ice hockey player.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft, he did not make it onto the Capitals' roster until the 1989–90 season when his defensive play helped guide the Capitals to their first-ever semifinals appearance.
Left exposed in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft, Bergland was claimed by the Tampa Bay Lightning. He would have a second tour with the Capitals, albeit briefly, when he was claimed on waivers during the 1993–94 season.
Bergland retired from active play in 1999 after playing several seasons with the Chicago Wolves of the International Hockey League. Played 7 games in Finland during 1997-98 season.
He now coaches the Thief River Falls Prowlers boys hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="5964978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964978" title="Tandberg Storage">
Tandberg Storage

Tandberg Storage ASA was a magnetic tape data storage company based in Lysaker, Norway. The company was a subsidiary of Tandberg Data. The company was spun off from Tandberg Data in 2003 to focus exclusively on tape drives. It was purchased by the same company in 2008. Tandberg Storage developed four drive series, all based on Linear Tape-Open (LTO) specifications. Manufacturing was outsourced to the Chinese-based Lafè Peripherals International. Tandberg Storage also owned 93.5% of O-Mass AS. The company was declared bankrupt together with Tandberg Data in 2009.
History.
Tandberg Storage was established as a spin-off of Tandberg Data on 22 May 2003. Tandberg Storage had previously been an integrated part of Tandberg Data, but management wanted the two companies to follow separate research and development strategies. While Tandberg Data retained responsibility on complete storage and automation systems, Tandberg Storage would focus on advanced tape-drive technologies. Tandberg Storage was established with 37 research and development employees, plus a 93.5% ownership of O-Mass. The company was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange on 2 October 2003, with the owners of Tandberg Data receiving all the shares in Tandberg Storage.
The initial goal of the company was to develop a LTO-2 linear tape-open drive within a half-height form factor. While the underlying technology had been developed, the main components needed to be developed, in particular the drive mechanism. A working system was demonstrated in December 2003, and in June 2004 the first complete prototype could be tested. In October, the test program started, and from December verification was initiated with the LTO Committee. The drive was approved on 11 March 2005. In the second half of 2005, Tandberg Storage developed Serial Attached SCSI and application and data integration. These were both launched in 2006. In 2005, the company also started development of a half-height LTO-3 drive. The product was launched in 2007. The following year, a no-encryption LTO-4 was launched.
In November 2008, Tandberg Storage merged with Tandberg Data, with the latter paying the former's owners in shares. Both companies had been having financial problems, and the cooperation between the two had been difficult during 2008. Tandberg Storage was at the time the largest supplier to Tandberg Data. By merging, the managements hoped to gain synergy effects between the two companies. Until the announcement of the merger in September, Tandberg Storage's share price had fallen 89% since the start of the year. Following the announcement, the share price fell a further 35%. The take-over involved a refinancing of the debt in Tandberg Storage. Tandberg Storage remained a subsidiary.
Operations.
The company was based at Lysaker in Bærum, just outside Oslo, Norway. Of the 54 employees in 2007, 45 worked within research and development. The main competitors offering LTO drives were Hewlett-Packard, IBM and Quantum.
Products.
Tandberg Storage produced a full range of Linear Tape-Open drives, between 100 and 800 gigabytes. Manufactured by Lafè Peripherals International of China, there are four models available. All drives were built around a common half-height aluminum casting. All drives, except the TS200, have variable transfer rate systems to match host transfer speeds. All drives have the lowest power consumption in the industry, and do not require external fans. In 2006, Tandberg Storage held a 26% worldwide market share.
O-Mass.
O-Mass AS was a research and development subsidiary responsible for the development of a new read-write head technology, that could allow tape sizes to reach 10 terabytes. A conceptual 2 TB demonstration was produced. Tandberg Storage owned 93.5%, while Imation of the United States held 6.5% of the company. Three people worked for O-Mass.

</doc>
<doc id="5964989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964989" title="Sokolniki">
Sokolniki

Sokolniki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965000" title="P. J. Pope">
P. J. Pope

William Leroy "P. J." Pope, Jr. (born February 26, 1984 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at Bowling Green.
Pope has also played for the Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos.
Early years.
Pope attended Wyoming High School in Wyoming, Ohio, where he excelled in baseball and football. During his senior year, Pope ran for 2,230 rushing yards and 36 touchdowns, enough to help him win the "Southern Ohio Player of the Year" Award.
College career.
During Pope's career at Bowling Green State University, he managed to become the school's third all-time leading rusher. He became the only player in the school's history to record 3,000 rushing and 1,000 receiving yards.
Professional career.
First stint with Bears.
The Chicago Bears signed Pope as an undrafted free agent before the 2006 NFL preseason to compensate for the absence of starting running backs Thomas Jones and Cedric Benson. The Bears later cut Pope from the team on September 9, but was shortly re-signed onto the practice squad.
Green Bay Packers.
The Green Bay Packers signed Pope from the Bears' practice squad on October 31, 2006. On August 24, 2007, he was cut along with 11 other players from Green Bay.
Second stint with Bears.
Pope was re-signed to the Bears' practice squad in September 2007. He remained there the entire season and spent the 2008 preseason with the team before being waived on August 29.
Denver Broncos.
On August 31, 2008, Pope was signed to the practice squad of the Denver Broncos He was released on October 20, only to be re-signed to following day. Pope was promoted to the Broncos active roster on November 4, a day after running backs Andre Hall and Michael Pittman were placed on season-ending injured reserve. Pope became the starter when Peyton Hillis also went on injured reserve.
Pope was waived by the Broncos on February 11, 2009.
Post NFL Career.
Pope was the 8th grade football coach at Wyoming Middle School. As of 2013 he is a varsity assistant at shroder High School in cincinnati

</doc>
<doc id="5965004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965004" title="Donna Amato">
Donna Amato

Donna Amato (born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American pianist. She teaches at University of Pittsburgh.
Life.
Amato's early piano studies included renowned teacher and virtuoso, Ozan Marsh. In the early 1980s, Amato traveled to Europe to study with Louis Kentner, in London and with Gaby Casadesus, in Paris. 
She also received a scholarship to play for Guido Agosti's masterclass series in Siena, Italy with a Diploma d'Onore. 
She studied in Mexico with Angelica Morales von Sauer, leading to concert appearances throughout Mexico as well as additional performances in many European countries, the United States, and radio broadcasts on the BBC.
Recordings.
Amato records mainly for the Altarus Records label.
She has been performing the music of Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji; in addition to giving the first ever performance of a Sorabji piano concerto (No. 5, in Utrecht, Netherlands, with Netherlands Radio Orchestra conducted by Ed Spanjaard), she premiered Sorabji's Piano Symphony No. 5 ("Symphonia brevis") in New York in 2004 and, in April 2011, her recording of this work on the Altarus label was released. She has also recorded several shorter Sorabji pieces.
Amato has also been performing the works of Ethelbert Nevin, composer from her hometown of Edgeworth Pennsylvania. She has compiled a list of Nevin's works and has performed them both in the studio and live in performances in her home town.
She has also released a CD containing various works by Carson Cooman.

</doc>
<doc id="5965010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965010" title="University District, Columbus, Ohio">
University District, Columbus, Ohio

The University District (or University Area), is a area located two miles (3 km) north of Downtown Columbus, Ohio that is home to the main campus of The Ohio State University, the Battelle Institute, and the Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute. It is generally accepted as the area bounded to the north by Clintonville at Glen Echo Ravine; to the south by the Short North at 5th Avenue; to the west by the Olentangy River and to east by the ConRail railroad tracks. Points of interest include, but are not limited to, the Ohio Stadium and Old North Columbus; The district is Columbus' most densely populated area and contains more than 650 businesses, human service agencies, churches, and schools. University District businesses include boutiques, mixed retail, several tattoo studios, the Landmark Gateway theater, and a diverse range of restaurants and bars.
Neighborhoods.
The University District comprises many diverse neighborhoods, each with its own unique housing stock and cultural identity. There are a variety of pleasant residential neighborhoods, several historic districts as well as the off-campus core student neighborhood.
The residential neighborhood with higher concentrated rental property and student housing is located east of High Street south of 17th Avenue and north of 11th Avenue. This is often referred to as the off-campus neighborhood, and, in the past ten years, it has gone through considerable redevelopment and revitalization as a result of the work of Campus Partners. The center of it is the University District Central, which ranges from 13th to 18th Avenues, east of N. Fourth Street.
Old North Columbus, commonly referenced as the general area north of Woodruff, east to Silver Drive, west to the Olentangy River Road, and north to Slate Run, was once the village of North Columbus that was platted in 1842. Old North Columbus includes several smaller neighborhoods within these general boundaries, including the Iuka Ravine and Indianola Forest (Lane Avenue to Woodruff Avenue, between High Street and N. Fourth Street), Oakland & Northwood Avenue Area (Patterson Avenue to Northwood Avenue, between Pearl Alley and Indianola Avenue), Tuttle Park, and Glen Echo (north of Hudson Street and east of Indianola). Old North Columbus was home several historic Columbus Public Schools, such as Medary Elementary (closed in 2006), North High (closed 1970s), and the Special Education Center. Old North has several parks, such as Tuttle, Glen Echo, Maynard & Summit, Iuka Ravine, and Indianola Middle School, as well as multiple churches, restaurants, and other small businesses.
The southern area of the University District also has a higher density of homeownership and includes land west of High Street, ranging from Fifth Avenue to 11th Avenue (The Circles, Dennison Place, and NECKO),* as well as land on the east side of High Street, ranging from Fifth Avenue to 12th Avenue (Weinland Park).
History.
Inception.
The University District (or University Area) was not originally part of the city of Columbus. Platted in 1812 as a new city to be the State capital, Columbus was a small town until late in the nineteenth century. One of the major events in the evolution of the area was the decision to locate the State Agricultural College Grounds (Ohio State University) on the site of the Neil farm in 1870, south of the community of '"North Columbus". The university grew slowly at first, but began to expand significantly under the presidency of William Oxley Thompson from 1900 to 1925.
As the area grew, fashionable residential suburbs grew up around the campus in places like the Dennison Addition and the Indianola subdivision with its curved roads and ravine. In the 1890s the streetcar transformed the area allowing middle-class people to more easily live in the University Area and make the thirty-minute journey to work in downtown Columbus.
Indianola Park.
Indianola Park was an amusement park that operated in the University District from 1905 to 1937. It was the biggest draw of the region, and streets carts took people to and from the location. The park peaked in popularity in the 1910s, entertaining crowds of up to 10 thousand with the numerous roller coasters and rides, with up to 5 thousand in the massive pool alone. The park was also the home field for the Columbus Panhandles for half of a decade. In the 1920s, new owners bought and remodeled the park, and it did well until it closed its doors at the end of the Great Depression. 
Population explosion.
Up until the end of World War II, the University Area was occupied by more homeowners than renters. That fact changed with the return of thousands of veterans from the war. The population in the University Area quadrupled.
To house the growing population, high rise dormitories were built at both ends of the main campus and hundreds of owner occupied houses were either converted to rooming houses, rental units, or were torn down to make way for apartment buildings. The increased density gave rise to problems around vehicular congestion, crime, and litter.
To cope with these problems, a number of organizations came into being: the University Community Association, an umbrella for the neighborhood organizations in the area; the University District Organization, a neighborhood planning and development organization; the University Community Business Association, the voice of economic enterprise in the area; and the University Area Commission, an advisory commission to Columbus City Council.
University Area Commission.
The University Area Commission (UAC) as an administrative unit was created in 1972 by an act of the Columbus City Council. The University Area Commission is a voluntary, elected, citizens advisory board. In creating the city's first area commission, Columbus City Council delegated certain development oversight and planning responsibilities to stakeholders living in the communities affected by council decisions. Accordingly, new development plans are generally submitted first to an area commission and then to the city council for approval.
The UAC oversees development in what the city refers to as "the university area", bounded in the west by the Olentangy River, in the north by Glen Echo Ravine, in the east by the Conrail line, and in the south by 5th avenue. The Ohio State University itself expands north and west over the Olentangy River for several miles and into Upper Arlington.

</doc>
<doc id="5965011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965011" title="Don't Ask Me Why">
Don't Ask Me Why

"Don't Ask Me Why" is a 1989 song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by bandmembers Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart with Jimmy Iovine. The song was featured on Eurythmics' album "We Too Are One".
The song was released as the second single from the album in the UK and the first in the United States. It is a lush pop song with melancholy and bitter lyrics which describe the ending of a love relationship. In it Lennox tells the subject ""don't ask me why / I don't love you anymore / I don't think I ever did"".
The song's music video, directed by Sophie Muller, features a performance by Eurythmics with various members of a backing band. Filmed in bright, saturated colors the finished clip drew comparisons to nightclub scenes in David Lynch's film "Blue Velvet". 
"Don't Ask Me Why" peaked at number twenty-five in the UK singles chart and became Eurythmics' last U.S. Billboard Hot 100 hit, peaking at number forty (and twelve on the US Modern Rock Chart).

</doc>
<doc id="5965013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965013" title="Weston Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Weston Township, Wood County, Ohio

Weston Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,336 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the western part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Part of the village of Weston is located in southeastern Weston Township.
Name and history.
It is the only Weston Township statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Weston Township Hall is located at the intersection of Euler and Van Tassel roads, just north of Weston.

</doc>
<doc id="5965014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965014" title="Blagoy Georgiev">
Blagoy Georgiev

Blagoy Georgiev () (born 21 December 1981 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Amkar Perm as a midfielder.
Career.
Slavia Sofia.
Georgiev was born in Sofia. He is a product of the Slavia Sofia youth academy. He signed a professional contract in June 1999 and then made his first team debut under Miroslav Mironov' management three months later, on 17 October, in a 3–1 home win over Pirin Blagoevgrad. Georgiev's first goal came on 27 November 1999, when he scored a last-minute against Beroe Stara Zagora to secure a 1–1 away draw. On 11 March 2000, he netted Slavia's only goal in their league loss, a 2–1 defeat against Velbazhd Kyustendil. He then scored in Slavia's 3–2 win against Botev Plovdiv on 22 April, taking his tally for the season to 3 goals.
On 27 September 2003, Blago scored his first-ever hat-trick in his career, scoring four in a 5–2 away win over Chernomorets Burgas. After scoring his 17th league goal in the final game of the 2003–04 season, a 2–0 win against Naftex Burgas, he ended the campaign in joint second place with Stoyko Sakaliev in the race for the Bulgarian A PFG golden boot.
During his six years at Slavia Stadium, he scored 46 league goals in 172 matches.
Alaves loan.
On 13 January 2006, Deportivo Alavés confirmed Georgiev has joined on loan until the end of the season. He made his La Liga debut a week later, during Alaves's 2–0 loss against Barcelona at Camp Nou. He spent most of his time with Alaves on the bench. Blago returned to Bulgaria at the end of the season having made 10 appearances in Alaves's unsuccessful battle against relegation.
Red Star loan.
On 14 June 2006, Serbian side Red Star Belgrade signed Georgiev on a season-long loan deal.
Duisburg loan.
On 28 May 2007, Georgiev joined Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg on loan until the end of the 2007–08 season. On 14 March 2008, he scored his first goal in a 2–1 loss against Schalke 04. On 4 May Blago scored a last-minute winning goal for 3–2 over Bayer 04 Leverkusen. During the season, he earned 31 appearances.
Terek Grozny.
On 6 January 2009, Georgiev signed a four-year contract with Russian side Terek Grozny for 1.5 million Euros. He made his Russian Premier League debut on the opening day of the 2009 season, on 15 March, in a 1–0 home win over Spartak Nalchik. Georgiev's first goal came on 19 July, when he scored in a 3–2 home win against Zenit Saint Petersburg.
On the eve of the 2010 season, Georgiev was selected by manager Anatoly Baidachny, as the replacement captain after Timur Dzhabrailov's retirement. On 10 May 2010, he scored the opening goal of the league game against CSKA Moscow which Terek lost 1–4. Three days later, Blago provided two assists in a 2–0 home victory over Saturn Ramenskoye.
Georgiev scored his first league goal of the 2011 season and the winner against Anzhi Makhachkala, in a 1–0 victory on 20 May. On 13 August, he scored his second goal of the season, in a 6–2 defeat at Dynamo Moscow. On 5 November, in a 2–0 home victory over Krasnodar, Blago assisted Musawengosi Mguni for the second goal. On 28 December 2011, few days after his 30th birthday, he was reported to have become a target for Lokomotiv Moscow.
On 4 November 2012, Georgiev marked his 100th Russian Premier League game by scoring a penalty in a 3–1 loss against Anzhi Makhachkala.
Amkar Perm.
Georgiev signed with Amkar Perm on 19 December 2012 on a three-year deal.
Statistics.
"All stats correct as of 27 October 2012."
International career.
A Bulgaria international, Blagoy Georgiev was also previously a member of the country's under-21 team. He has been capped 50 times and scored 5 goals for Bulgaria. On 11 October 2011, he announced his retirement from Bulgarian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5965027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965027" title="Elizabeth Ann Doody Gorman">
Elizabeth Ann Doody Gorman

Elizabeth "Liz" Doody Gorman is Commissioner for the 17th district of Cook County, Illinois. Gorman served as Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party from 2007 to 2008 [http://www.cookrepublicans.com/executiveboard/contentview.asp?c=18674] and is the Orland Township Republican Committeeman. 
Gorman is the owner of Gorman Insurance Group.
Early life.
Gorman is a graduate of Mother McAuley High School and Saint Mary's University of Minnesota where she received her B.A. in Marketing. Gorman graduated from the University of Notre Dame Executive MBA program with a Master of Business Administration on May 18, 2008.
Cook County Commissioner.
First elected in November 2002 and re-elected in 2006. On November 2, 2010, Gorman was re-elected to a third time, garnering nearly 60% of the vote to defeat her Democrat opponent by more than 21,000 votes and her Green party opponent by more than 51,000 votes. When the new term began on December 6, 2010, Gorman was chosen as the Committee Chairperson of the Environmental Control Committee and Vice Chairperson of the Roads and Bridges Committee, Rules and Administration Committee and the Technology Committee. Gorman is a member of 10 additional committees: Contract Compliance; Criminal Justice; Finance; Real Estate and Business and Economic Development; Tax Delinquency; Health and Hospitals; Homeland Security and Emergency Management; Law Enforcement; and Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations. 
During her time on the Cook County Board, Gorman has opposed the "Hotel Occupancy Tax" and the "Food and Beverage Tax" in 2003, the 150% cigarette tax increase in 2004 and the additional 100% increase in 2006. She opposed the "Food and Beverage Tax" and the "Hotel Occupancy Tax" again in 2007, and she opposed the "Sanctuary County" resolution for illegal immigrants in 2007 and sponsored a repeal of the ordinance later that year and most recently she voted against Board President Todd Stroger's 2008 budget and opposed the increase in the Cook County sales tax.
Gorman also serves as the Chairman of the Suburban Caucus of the Cook County Board, having been elected by her fellow commissioners serving suburban Cook County.
On December 1, 2009 Commissioner Gorman successfully led the effort to roll back Cook County's sales tax increase and override County Board President Todd Stroger's veto, cutting the county sales tax from 1.75% to 1.25%.
Family.
Gorman is an Orland Park resident where she resides with her husband Gerald and three young sons, Conor, Liam and Shane.

</doc>
<doc id="5965053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965053" title="New York Titans (lacrosse)">
New York Titans (lacrosse)

The New York Titans were a professional lacrosse team based in the New York metropolitan area. The team was a member of the Eastern Division of the National Lacrosse League from 2006 to 2009. On August 11, 2009, the National Lacrosse League confirmed that the franchise would relocate to Orlando, Florida and become the Orlando Titans.
In their three seasons in the NLL, the Titans alternated their home games between several sporting venues. During the 2007 season, the Titans played four of their eight home games at Madison Square Garden, and the other four at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum. For the 2008 season, the team played all of its home games at Madison Square Garden, while playing one game at a neutral site at the Sovereign Bank Arena in Trenton, NJ. In 2009, the Titans' home schedule consisted of two games at the Garden, five games at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey and one game at the BankAtlantic Center in Florida.
History.
In 2006, the NLL announced the league's expansion into the New York and Chicago markets with New York's ownership group being composed of principal owner Gary Rosenbach and including William E. Ford, Mark H. Ford, Nick Leone, Flip Huffard and Richard Ullmann. The announcement marked the return of the NLL to the New York after the demise of the New York Saints. On September 13, 2006, following an online poll, the franchise was dubbed the New York Titans. The Titans home games would be played at Madison Square Garden and Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
Inaugural season.
On January 6, 2007, the Titans played their first franchise game against their fellow expansion team Shamrox in Chicago, Illinois. Gewas Schindler scored the first goal in the team's history; however, the Shamrox defeated the Titans 15–12. Following a two-game losing streak, the Titans defeated the Shamrox 11–9 for their first franchise and home victory. The game also marked the first lacrosse game to be played in Madison Square Garden's history. The team completed the season in last place with a 4-12 record. Following the 2006–2007 season, Daniel resigned as Team President and Governor and Timothy Kelly was named the team's new Chief Operating Officer.
2008 season.
After opening the 2008 season with a 1-4 record, the Titans rebounded and ended the season with a 10-6 record. The team finished in a four-way tie for the best record in the league with Buffalo, Minnesota, and Philadelphia. Due to the NLL's tiebreaker rules and procedures, the Titans finished third in the division and league standings, but secured their first playoff berth in franchise history. The Titans advanced to the NLL Eastern Division Final, defeating the Minnesota Swarm 11-8, however, lost 19-12 to eventual Champion's Cup-winners the Buffalo Bandits.
Following the season, head coach Adam Mueller was awarded the Les Bartley Award for coach of the year. Mueller soon after announced his retirement from coaching, and former Rochester Knighthawks coach Ed Comeau was hired as the head coach for the 2009 season.
2009 championship runners-up.
With new head coach Ed Comeau, the Titans finished on top of the Eastern Division standings with a 10-6 record. They would later defeat the Rochester Knighthawks and returning Champion Cup winners the Buffalo Bandits to advance to the Champion's Cup, The Titans lost 12-10 to the Calgary Roughnecks in the championship game.

</doc>
<doc id="5965054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965054" title="Grobari">
Grobari

Grobari (Serbian Cyrillic: Гробари, ) are the organized supporters of the Serbian football club Partizan Belgrade. They are one of two major football fan groups in Serbia and one of the largest in Southeast Europe. They generally support all clubs within the Partizan Sports Society, and mostly wear black and white symbols, which are the club's colors.
Today, Grobari consist of three main groups: Južni Front, Grobari 1970 and Zabranjeni, with various subgroups form the three larger ones. Some of the subgroups are Koalicija, Ofanziva, Grobaroos, Fontana, Grobari Kaluđerica, Alcatraz,Grobari Miljakovac, Grobari Vinča, Ludnica Kovin, Gravediggers Toronto 1987, Grobari Padinjak, Vandal Boys, Grobari Trebinje, Niški kartel, Zemunci, Čuvari časti, Grobari Beograd, South Family, 40+,Grobari Vukovar, Grobari Nikšić, Head Hunters, Irriducibili Belgrado, Shadows, Extreme Boys, Young Boys, Kontra, Grobari Kosmet, Grobari Aranđelovac, Black Riders Surčin.
The group as a whole traditionally maintains good relations with the Greek PAOK football club supporters "Gate 4" as well as with the fans of Russian CSKA Moscow
History.
First groups of organized Partizan fan supporters began to visit the JNA stadium in the late 1950s. Those were mainly young men from Belgrade, and they occupied southern stands of the stadium. In those times, support was expressed by loud singing as well as polling of referees and opposite team's players.
Partizan's participation in the European Cup final in 1966 attracted much more fans to the stadium, and is considered to be the crucial moment of the organized fans moving to a south stand of the stadium where they are gathering up to this day. Steady group by the Grobari name was formed in 1970. and during the following decade, as well as all over Europe, Grobari started bringing fan equipment to the stadiums such as flares, supporting scarfs, banners and flags (in the late 70's), which gave a whole new aspect to the sport club supporting.
By the 1980s, Grobari were one of the largest and most organized fan groups in SFR Yugoslavia and began out-marching to all of Partizan's matches across the country and Europe. Because of their expressed hooliganism toward other club's supporters in those times, fans who represented the core of the Grobari firm were often referred to as a "punishment expedition". In 1987, Grobari in Toronto formed a group under the name of Gravediggers Toronto 1987. During the Serbian SuperLiga league fixture on March 2, 2013 at home against FK Donji Srem, Grobari unfurled a banner in memory of Spomenko Gostić as it was almost twenty years since his death.
Južni Front.
In 1999, there was a big split when the newly formed fan group named "Južni Front" (Southern Front) accused several top members of the "Grobari 1970" organization for abusing their privileges, and the club itself for favorising those individuals. "Grobari 1970" were actually accused of manipulating with the money given by the club for organizing fan support. Several hundred members of "Južni Front" left the traditional south stand and occupied the north stand of the stadium. The split lasted for a few years until 2005, when the fans settled their differences.
In the 1990s, the unique, yet unofficial mascot of mostly all Grobari fan groups was an angry looking bulldog, but in the last few years it has been a sexton standing next to his shovel.
Boycott (2005–2007).
Revolted by Partizan being eliminated from the Champions League qualifications, followed by elimination from the first round of the UEFA cup and from the national cup competition by a third division team, as well as poor results in the domestic league (all at the start of the 2005/06 season), Grobari declared a complete boycott of all Partizan football club matches. Several thousand supporters gathered in September 2005 in front of the club stadium and publicly accused sports director Nenad Bjeković and general secretary Žarko Zečević of tampering with the club's operating budget and transfer policy in order to line their own pockets. On this occasion, they also reminded the public of some previous club officials' machinations.
They demanded club management resignations as a condition for getting back to the stadium stands. Grobari repeated the massive gathering and reiterated their demands in October 2005 in front of the national theatre in downtown Belgrade where Partizan's officials were celebrating the club's 60th year anniversary. Both city football derbies between Red Star and Partizan in the 2005/06 season were played without traditional support toward Partizan from the south stands. Although these matches used to gather up tens of thousands and even more fans to the stadiums, the infamous record was established this season when there was only a few thousand spectators on the Partizan stadium, since the rival fans also agreed to boycott the derby (but for other reasons).
After certain changes in the club board, Grobari decided to stop boycotting. On May 26, 2007 they returned to the stadium for a Superliga match against Mladost Apatin which Partizan won 7-1, however they kept on singing insulting songs about Partizan's sports director and general secretary.
By the end of the year both Bjeković and Zečević resigned from their positions.
Ban from Europe.
In 2007/08 UEFA cup, Partizan Belgrade was disqualified from further competition because of football hooliganism against Zrinjski Mostar. Grobari traveled in numbers to Mostar where they fought with the police and also Zrinjski fans. Partizan won the tie 11–1 on aggregate.
Split in 2011.
In late August, 2011 another split among Grobari occurred. A faction of fans calling themselves Zabranjeni ("The Forbidden") accused the club board of denying them entrance to the stadium. They are also in disagreement with some other Grobari subgroups, primarily Alcatraz. They attend the games of other teams from Partizan Sport Society, such as ice hockey or women's basketball teams. In November, small group was on the match against Borac Čačak. In 2012 they started attending Partizan football games on the east stand.
Notable fans.
Notable fans include both current and previous Serbian Presidents Tomislav Nikolić and Boris Tadić, President of Republika Srpska Milorad Dodik, Serbian Prime Minister Ivica Dačić, tennis players Ana Ivanovic and Viktor Troicki, swimmer Milorad Čavić, basketball player Dejan Bodiroga, taekwondo athlete Milica Mandić, filmmakers Emir Kusturica, Boris Malagurski and Srđan Dragojević, playwright Dušan Kovačević, writers Duško Radović and Prvoslav Vujčić, actors Mija Aleksić, Rade Šerbedžija, Bora Todorović, Dragan Bjelogrlić, Sergej Trifunović, Zoran Cvijanović, Bogdan Diklić and Katarina Radivojević, and musicians Zoran Kostić, Dragoljub Đuričić, and Eddy Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="5965059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965059" title="Harlan Tarbell">
Harlan Tarbell

Harlan Eugene Tarbell (1890-1960) was an American stage magician and illustrator of the early 20th century. He was the author of the well-known "Tarbell Course in Magic".
His only foray into cinema was an early 1930s film short entitled "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century". He directed the production and starred as Doctor Huer.
Childhood and career in illustration.
Tarbell was born on February 23, 1890 in the Illinois town of Delavan, but spent his childhood in Groveland. Tarbell created cartoons for a newspaper in Morton when he was 12 years old. It was at this time that Tarbell received one of his earliest introductions to professional magic, when he hiked five miles along the railroad tracks to watch magician Harry August Jansen, aka Dante, perform at the Morton Town Hall.
In 1911, Tarbell moved to Chicago in order to pursue a professional career in illustration. His efforts attracted the attention of the magic company Read and Covert, which hired Tarbell to work on their "Illustrated Catalogue of Superior Magical Apparatus". Tarbell continued to produce illustrations for Read and Covert until 1941.
During World War I, Tarbell served with the 24th Air Company in France, working with the medical department. He found time during his service to illustrate a military atlas and study with French impressionist Claude Monet.
Tarbell Course in Magic.
Publishers T. Grant Cooke and Walter A. Jordan developed an interest in producing a correspondence course in magic in the mid-1920s. Cook and Jordan hired Tarbell and Walter Baker, another Chicago-area magician, to work on the project, but Baker dropped out of the project in its early stages to concentrate on his performances. A few months before his death, Harry Houdini was approached to author the course, but Houdini declined but recommended Tarbell. The publishers agreed, allotting Tarbell $50,000 for the course. Tarbell finished the course in 1928, producing 60 correspondence lessons with at least 3,100 illustrations.
Tarbell later discussed the philosophy behind his course: "There is a big difference between a magician and a man who does tricks...Fundamentally, the making of a magician is no different than the making of other professional people. One must be trained in the mechanics, the alternate methods and be skilled in the presentation in order to meet any conditions which may arise." Unlike other magic courses which placed a greater emphasis on self-working illusions, Tarbell began with fundamental drills and practice sessions involving body position, movement, and sleight-of-hand techniques which were to be incorporated into actual tricks in future lessons.
After selling 10,000 complete courses, Cooke and Jordan discontinued marketing the Tarbell Course in Magic in 1931, blaming the Great Depression for slumping sales. In 1941, however, magician Louis Tannen purchased the rights to the course, working with Tarbell and Ralph W. Read (of Read and Covert) to convert the correspondence lessons into book form.
Tarbell lived in Elmhurst for the last 34 years of his life. He suffered a fatal cardiac arrest on June 16, 1960, dying at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="5965073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965073" title="Absent Friends">
Absent Friends

Absent Friends may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965075" title="German submarine U-2322">
German submarine U-2322

German submarine U-2322 was a highly advanced Type XXIII U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" in 1944. "U-2322" was one of just a few such boats to undertake an operational patrol, and one of only three to undergo two. During these patrols, she succeeded in sinking a single British freighter, one of five ships sunk by this submarine class.
"U-2321" was built at Hamburg in just four months, being ready by July 1944. As a prototype of a new class of boats, she was not ready for active service until 1945, as there were numerous engineering difficulties to contend with and the crew had to be trained to manage the new boat and new operational tactics practised and decided on. When she was finally ready for a war patrol in February 1945, it was more as an experiment into the abilities of the boat than a real attempt to damage allied shipping.
War Patrol.
Leaving Horten in Norway on the 6 February, "U-2322" proceeded to the East coast of Scotland, particularly in the area of St Abb's Head, where lone coastal shipping sometimes passed, believing that German U-boats would not bother waiting in such a dangerous spot for such insignificant prey. This plan finally worked on the 25 February, when the 1,300 ton coastal cruiser SS "Egholm" was sunk by a torpedo. This first and only success for "U-2322" was achieved in the dark off Holy Island. The rest of this patrol was unsuccessful.
The second patrol, off East Anglia in April was totally fruitless, powerful allied escorts and well-organised convoys effectively cutting off the small U-boats from their potential targets. The only advantage gained in these patrols was that no Type XXIII boat was lost in the North Sea, all losses coming in German waters from indirect sources like accident, bombing raids and naval mines.
When Germany surrendered, "U-2322" was at Stavanger in Norway, from where it sailed to Loch Ryan in Scotland for disposal in Operation Deadlight. Towed out to sea on the 27 November, the unmaintained and rusting boat was destroyed as a naval gunnery target.

</doc>
<doc id="5965076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965076" title="Floyd Williams">
Floyd Williams

Floyd Leroy Williams (born September 20, 1939) is a North American mathematician well known for his work in Lie theory and, most recently, mathematical physics. In addition to Lie theory, his research interests are in homological algebra and the mathematics of quantum mechanics. He received his B.S.(1962) in Mathematics from Lincoln University of Missouri, and later his M.S.(1965) and Ph.D.(1972) from Washington University in St. Louis. Williams was appointed professor of mathematics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1984, and has been professor emeritus since 2005.
Biographical Sketch.
Floyd Williams was born on September 20, 1939, and lived in Kansas City, Missouri. He was raised in extreme poverty. His mother told him not to complain about their situation, but rather to have faith in God and work hard. Her advice was taken, and it worked. He eventually was ordained in addition to being a mathematician. 
However, it was music, not mathematics, that appealed to him through high school. "In fact," he admits, "mathematics was the only course in which I did not do well." Williams had not thought of going to college until his last week in high school when he was offered a music scholarship at Lincoln University of Missouri in Jefferson City, Missouri. 
It was in his sophomore year that he became intrigued by the theory of relativity, which turned out to be his main motivation for studying mathematics. In 1972 he completed his Ph.D. from Washington University where his thesis was in the field of Lie theory. He was an instructor and lecturer at MIT from 1972–1975, before moving to the University of Massachusetts Amherst as an assistant professor in 1975. In 1983 he received an MRI grant to continuing researching in this field, ushering him into the mainstream of mathematics. 
As an African-American in a field that has had little minority representation, Williams has felt the sting of discrimination during his career. However, he has been a motivation and role model for many young minorities, encouraging them to enter science and engineering. Williams has helped to set up programs that allow pre-college students and undergraduates to meet and talk with mathematicians, scientists and engineers, most notably at a summer camp run at MIT. "All that many of these youngsters see is different courses," he says, "but they want to know what mathematicians do from 8 am to 5 pm. Once minorities commit to graduate work in science or engineering," he continues, "they need extra help and support for what, for many, is the foreign environment of graduate school. Such programs exist at few universities, but we need more of them."
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Mathematics.
Williams' recent contribution to quantum mechanics has been in the area of Nikiforov-Uvarov theory of generalized hypergeometric differential equation, used to solve the Schrödinger equation and to obtain the quantization of energies from a single unified point of view. This theory is developed and is also used to give a uniform approach to the theory of special functions. This study furthers to connect the modern studies of pure mathematics with physics.
Bibliography.
Notable works of Floyd Williams include:
He had written Four Books and 40 Written papers.

</doc>
<doc id="5965090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965090" title="Tsvetan Genkov">
Tsvetan Genkov

Tsvetan Valentinov Genkov (; born 8 February 1984 in Mezdra) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a striker for Levski Sofia.
Career.
Loko Mezdra.
Born in Mezdra, Genkov began his career in the local Lokomotiv, previously having been an athlete. He made his debut during the 2001–02 season on 14 October 2001 in a 0–2 away loss against Sitomir Nikopol in the campaign of V AFG. On 12 May 2002, Genkov scored his first goal in a 2–2 home draw against Olimpik Teteven. As of the 2002–03 season he became first-choice forward scoring 14 goals. After 24 goals in the next season he transferred to Lokomotiv Sofia.
Loko Sofia.
He made his debut for Lokomotiv Sofia on 6 August 2004, in a 0–2 away loss against Litex Lovech. In Sofia, Genkov established himself in one of the leading A PFG clubs and helped his team to reach the fourth place in 2005–06 and secure a place in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup. During the qualification rounds, Genkov scored four goals in six matches. In Bulgaria's A PFG, he became the top goalscorer of 2006–07 with 27 goals, leading Lokomotiv to the third position and 2007–08 UEFA Cup qualification.
Dynamo Moscow.
On 9 June 2007, he signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with Dynamo Moscow for a transfer fee of €2.25 million.
Return to Loko Sofia.
In January 2010, Genkov was loaned out to his former club. On 7 March 2010, he netted twice in the 5–1 away win against FC Sportist Svoge. In the following season, with 11 goals to his name, Genkov had climbed up to second place in the scoring charts in the A PFG by the time his loan expired.
Wisła Kraków.
On 28 January 2011, Genkov joined Polish Ekstraklasa side Wisła Kraków on a three and a half-year deal for an undisclosed fee from Dynamo Moscow. He won the Ekstraklasa championship in his debut season. Genkov was club's top goalscorer in the second part of the season with six goals in the league.
In the following season, he was a starter in all six matches in the Wisła's ultimately unsuccessful UEFA Champions League qualifying campaign. On 9 September, Genkov picked up an injury at beginning of the league match against Lech Poznań. He returned to play on 15 October, scoring the winning goal in a 3–1 home win over Jagiellonia Białystok. Genkov also netted the winning goal in a 2–1 victory over FC Twente, in the last UEFA Europa League group stage match, which lead his team to qualify for the round of 32.
On 16 February 2012, he scored a late equaliser in the first leg tie against Standard Liège. Wisła Kraków played with ten-men for most of the match after Michał Czekaj was sent off in the 27th minute. He scored his first hat-trick for Wisła Kraków on 14 April, scoring all three of his team's goals in a 3–2 home win over ŁKS Łódź in the Ekstraklasa. Genkov was a top goalscorer of 2011–12 Polish Cup with four goals from three games.
Levski Sofia.
Genkov signed with Levski Sofia on 19 June 2013 on a three-year deal. He was not registered for the 1st round of the UEFA Europa League games against Kazakh club Irtysh Pavlodar, which his team lost by an aggregate score of 0–2. Genkov made his official debut for Levski Sofia on 21 July 2013, in the 1–2 away loss against Botev Plovdiv in an A PFG match. He scored his first goal for the team from Sofia a week later in the 1–2 home defeat inflicted by Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
International career.
He was capped nine times for Bulgaria national under-21 football team, scoring three goals. Genkov received his first senior international cap for Bulgaria on 17 August 2005 in a friendly match against Turkey, which they won 3–1, coming on as a substitute for Dimitar Berbatov after one hour of play.
Outside football.
Genkov has participated in charity campaigns during his spell with Wisla. He also represents Bulgarian company TRYMAX 

</doc>
<doc id="5965111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965111" title="8th Street (HBLR station)">
8th Street (HBLR station)

8th Street is a station on the Hudson–Bergen Light Rail (HBLR) located at Avenue C and West 8th Street in Bayonne, New Jersey. It is the southern terminus for the route traveling northbound towards Hoboken Terminal. All service at this station serves Hoboken.
History.
The station location was once served by a stop on the Central Railroad of New Jersey's main line, as trains made their way from the main CNJ terminal in Jersey City to points in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. This ended in 1967 when CNJ passenger service was diverted to Newark Penn Station as part of the Aldene Plan. Shuttle service from 8th Street ran south across the CRRNJ Newark Bay Bridge and continued until August 6, 1978. The headhouse is reminiscent of the earlier station. Baltimore and Ohio passenger trains passed through until its passenger operations northeast of Baltimore ceased operation in 1958.
On April 18, 2008, NJ Transit awarded a $58.4 million contracts to George Harms Company to begin the process of extending the line to 8th Street from 34th Street. This contract paid for foundations, viaducts, tracks and a new station building. The extension follows the Conrail right of way along Avenue E; a viaduct was constructed to take the trains above local streets to a station served by an elevator and stairs. Ground was broken for the station on October 15, 2008. Originally scheduled to open in the fall of 2010, the new station opened January 31, 2011.
Extension.
Any further extensions to Hudson-Bergen Light Rail to the south would likely continue to Staten Island over the Bayonne Bridge. The raising of the bridge does not exclude a future light rail.
Vicinity.
The station is located in the Bergen Point Section of Bayonne. The nearby Bayonne Community Museum at 9th street and Broadway is currently under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="5965118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965118" title="Marco Di Loreto">
Marco Di Loreto

Marco Di Loreto (born 28 September 1974) is an Italian former footballer turned manager. He has played over 200 matches at Italian Serie A since his debut at age 26.
He has been the former head coach of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club Castel Rigone.
Coaching career.
In March 2011 he was appointed as the coach of Berretti youth team of Foligno Calcio. In July 2011, he obtained UEFA A coaching license, made him eligible to coach Lega Pro teams or below.
He then served as youth coach at Perugia for the 2012-13 season.
He has been the head coach of Castel Rigone in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione league in the 2013-14 season until the end of October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5965141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965141" title="You're My Thrill (Doris Day album)">
You're My Thrill (Doris Day album)

"You're My Thrill" was Doris Day's first LP album, issued on August 1, 1949 by Columbia Records as catalog number CL-6071, a 10" LP. At the same time, Columbia issued it as an album set of 78 rpm records as C-189.
Legacy information.
One of the tracks, "Bewitched, Bothered & Bewildered", was also issued as a single (Columbia catalog number 38698, 7" LP 1-480), reaching #9 on the "Billboard" chart in 1950. While the author of "Discovering Doris" states that "each had been previously available on four 78-rpm singles," this is incorrect; all eight selections on "You're My Thrill" were newly released with the album itself, and the single release of "Bewitched" was spun off after the fact and not released until February 1950. Columbia 38698/1-480 combined "Bewitched" with "Imagination," a track recorded in 1947 and previously released on Columbia 38423. 
In 1951, Columbia issued this album as a boxed set of 45 rpm records as B-189. On June 13, 1955, the same tracks and 4 others were reissued in the form of a 12" LP, "Day Dreams," catalog number CL-624. 
On May 31, 2004 the album was reissued, combined with "Young at Heart," as a compact disk by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. (In fact, though the CD was entitled "You're My Thrill/Young at Heart," the four tracks that were added to "You're My Thrill" when it was retitled "Day Dreams" were included, as well as four extra tracks not included in either album originally.)
Reception.
Initial critical response to "You're My Thrill" was quite positive. In a September 17, 1949 review of the album, "Billboard" wrote "This package should prove to the doubtful that Dodo righteously is one of the greats. She wraps up the eight beautiful standards in her own intimate, throaty style, setting a warm, soft-lights-and-sweet-music mood. [...] Few singers [...] have been able to transfer a sexy sound to wax, as Doris does."

</doc>
<doc id="5965147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965147" title="Vitebsky railway station">
Vitebsky railway station

Vitebsky station () is a terminus in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Formerly known as the "Tsarskoe Selo Station", it was the first railway station to be built in Saint Petersburg and the whole of the Russian Empire.
Early history.
The station, located at the crossing of the Zagorodny Avenue and the now-vanished Vvedensky Canal, was inaugurated in the presence of Nicholas I of Russia on 30 October 1837 when the first Russian train, named "Provorny", departed from its platform for the imperial residence at Tsarskoe Selo. A replica of this train may be seen as a permanent exhibit at the modern station.
The first building of the Petersburg Station (as it was then known) was constructed in timber in August and September of the same year to a design by Konstantin Thon. Since it proved to be too small, it was demolished within twelve years and a much larger structure was erected under Thon's supervision between 1849 and 1852. There were further expansions in the 1870s.
Architecture.
The station became increasingly ramshackle and cluttered as the 19th century went on, until the decision was taken to tear the whole thing down and begin again. Construction started in 1901 and lasted for three years. Stanislaw Brzozowski gave the new two-storey station an ornate frontage in an assortment of historical styles, with decorative reliefs, floriated Jugendstil detailing, outsize semicircular windows and two regular features of 19th-century train stations: a pseudo-Renaissance cupola and a square clocktower.
However, it was Sima Minash's opulent Art Nouveau interior that established the building as the most ornate of St. Petersburg stations. Minash was responsible for the sweeping staircases, foyer with stained glass and spacious halls boasting a series of painted panels that chronicle the history of Russia's first railway. The building's soaring arches and expanses of glass proclaimed the architect's familiarity with advanced construction techniques of the West.
Recent history.
In a departure from normal practice of the Soviet years, the Vitebsk station preserved its elevated train shed, five platforms and luggage elevators almost intact, making it an ideal location for filming Soviet adaptations of "Anna Karenina", Sherlock Holmes stories, and other 19th-century classics.
On the other hand, much architectural detail was removed from the facade and halls during insensitive Soviet renovations. Just prior to the tercentenary celebrations of 2003, the station underwent a painstaking restoration of its original interior and Jugendstil decor. Apart from the replica of the first Russian train, curiosities of the Vitebsk Station include a detached pavilion for the Tsar and his family and a marble bust of Nicholas I.
Services from the station run to Central Europe, Baltic States, Ukraine, Belarus and the southern suburbs of St. Petersburg, such as Pushkin and Pavlovsk. The station is connected to the Pushkinskaya Station of the Saint Petersburg Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="5965150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965150" title="You're My Thrill">
You're My Thrill

You're My Thrill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965178" title="Mind the Gap Films">
Mind the Gap Films

Mind The Gap Films is an independent TV production company based in Ireland. Most of their work has been for Radio Telefís Éireann (RTÉ) or the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). Their work has also included projects related to tourism in Ireland, and a number of music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="5965183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965183" title="Under the Influence (Warrant album)">
Under the Influence (Warrant album)

Under the Influence is the sixth studio album by American rock band Warrant released in 2001. The album is a covers album with two original new tracks, "Face" and "Sub Human". The band toured in support of the album with Poison in the summer of 2001 on the Glam Slam Metal Tour which was cut 3 weeks short due to back injuries sustained by Poison bassist Bobby Dall.
The cover of AC/DC's "Down Payment Blues" features guitarist Billy Morris on lead vocals. Morris was the bands newest lead guitarist replacing Keri Kelli who was only in the band for 8 months after replacing Rick Steier in early 2000. The album also features Mike Fasano who became the bands newest in a long line of drummers.
The album is also the last to feature vocalist Jani Lane, as the band's next release - "Born Again" features ex-Black 'n Blue vocalist Jaime St. James.

</doc>
<doc id="5965184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965184" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antequera, Oaxaca () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese based in the Mexican city of Oaxaca, Oaxaca. The cathedral church is the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption.
The archdiocese covers part of the state of Oaxaca and includes the suffragan dioceses of Puerto Escondido, Tehuantepec, Tuxtepec and the Prelatures of Huautla and Mixes. It is currently led by Archbishop José Luiz Chávez Botello, with Auxiliary Bishop Oscar Campos Contreras. An additional Auxiliary Bishop-elect, Celaya Diocese seminary rector Gonzalo Alonso Guerrero Calzada, was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI on Tuesday, November 20, 2012.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 113 parishes, 126 active diocesan priests, 39 religious priests, and 940,000 Catholics. It also has 268 Women Religious, 59 Religious Brothers, and 21 permanent deacons.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5965191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965191" title="V. T. Rajshekar">
V. T. Rajshekar

V. T. Rajshekar, in full Vontibettu Thimmappa Rajshekar, also known as V. T. Rajshekar Shetty, (born 1932) is a controversial Indian journalist who is the founder and editor of the "Dalit Voice", which has been described in a release by Human Rights Watch as "India’s most widely circulated Dalit journal".
He is himself not a Dalit, he is the son of late P.S. Thimmappa Shetty, who retired as the Collector of South Kanara District. He is from well-known Vontibettu Beedu family belonging to the higher caste Bunt community.
He was formerly a journalist on the Indian Express, where he worked for 25 years. He is the founder of the 'Dalit Voice' organisation a radical wing of the broader movement for Dalit interests.
He is also the author of a great number of pamphlets and books, mainly published by his own organisation.
Positions and "Dalit Voice".
Started in 1981, "Dalit Voice" is a periodical launched by Rajshekhar. Under Rajshekhar's leadership the Dalit Voice organisation formulated an Indian variant of afrocentrism similar to that of the Nation of Islam in the USA but it is different from other magazines in many aspects. It is notable for the radical Antisemitism it preaches and also its link to Afrocentrist ideologies. The book declares the Indian castes as nations within the nation of India. It argues for the strengthening of each caste.
Controversy and criticism.
"Dalit Voice" has published articles about 'Zionist conspiracies' regarding Hitler and the Third Reich. They have also supported the Iranian regime and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's denial of the Holocaust. 
Given his upper caste origins, many of his detractors have questioned his commitment to the Dalit cause.
Passport confiscation.
In 1986 Rajshekar’s passport was confiscated because of "anti-Hinduism writings outside of India". The same year, he was arrested in Bangalore under India’s Terrorism and Anti-Disruptive Activities Act. Rajshekar told Human Rights Watch that this arrest was for an editorial he had written in "Dalit Voice", that another writer who republished the editorial was also arrested, and that he was eventually released with an apology. Rajshekar has also been arrested under the Sedition Act and under the Indian Penal Code for creating disaffection between communities.
Personal life.
Rajshekar was married to Hema Rajshekar until her death. His son Salil Shetty works for Amnesty International in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5965203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965203" title="The King and Queen of America">
The King and Queen of America

"The King and Queen of America" is a song recorded by pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart with Jimmy Iovine. The track appears on their album "We Too Are One" and was released as the album's third UK single in January 1990.
The song's music video showed Lennox and Stewart in a variety of costumes and settings which parodied various aspects of American pop culture, including a game show host and hostess, singing cowboy and cowgirl à la Roy Rogers and Dale Evans, and Ronald and Nancy Reagan.
Although not released as a single in the United States, "The King and Queen of America" received a fair amount of airplay on MTV.
Official Versions.
1. LP Version (4:34) 2. (Dance Mix) (6:14)
UK 7" B-side: See No Evil (Non-LP Track) - 4:10

</doc>
<doc id="5965211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965211" title="The Future of Earthly Delites">
The Future of Earthly Delites

The Future of Earthly Delites is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden, released to promote their world tour of the same name. The album includes two discs: one featuring their self-titled debut album, "Savage Garden", and a second featuring several remixes and B-sides. Two versions of the album were released: one in Australia, featuring the original Australian version of the album, containing "Mine" and "All Around Me", and one in Europe, containing the International version of the album, removing "Mine" and "All Around Me", but adding "Promises". Later pressings of the Australian version of the album include an alternate version of the Tears on the Dancefloor Mix of "Tears of Pearls", featuring more reverb on the vocals. The reason for this has not been explained.

</doc>
<doc id="5965214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965214" title="List of Orlando Solar Bears players">
List of Orlando Solar Bears players

This is a list of all the players in Orlando Solar Bears (IHL) history to have played at least one game with the team.
__NOTOC__ 
A.
Bryan Adams,
Blair Allison,
Mel Angelstad,
Bill Armstrong
B.
Scott Bailey,
Dave Barr,
Mark Beaufait,
Reggie Berg,
Jeff Bes,
Allan Bester,
Anders Bjork,
Jason Blake,
Hugo Boisvert,
Rob Bonneau,
Jason Botterill,
J. F. Boutin,
Zac Boyer,
Wade Brookbank,
Jeff Buchanen
C.
Ed Campbell,
Shawn Carter,
Denis Chervyakov,
Dave Chyzowski,
Brett Clark,
Kerry Clark,
Sylvain Cloutier,
Jon Coleman,
Geoff Collard,
Michael Corcoran,
Brent Cullaton
D.
Darcy Dallas,
Chad Dameworth,
Kirk Daubenspeck,
Fredric Deschenes,
Barry Dreger,
Craig Duncanson,
Marc Dupuis
E.
Allan Egeland,
Tracy Egeland,
Neil Eisenhut
F.
Kelly Fairchild,
Scott Fankhouser,
Brian Felsner,
Mark Ferner,
Craig Fisher,
Shawn Frappier,
Joe Fredrick
G.
Peter Geronazzo,
Sean Gillam,
Maxime Gingras,
David Gove,
H.
Martin Hamrlik,
Ben Hankinson,
Shep Harder,
Mike Hartman,
Eric Healey,
Jason Herter,
Kevin Hilton,
Terry Hollinger,
Scott Hollis,
Darcy Hordichuk,
Bill Huard,
Jody Hull
I.
Karl Infanger,
Joel Irving
J.
Bob Joyce,
Duane Joyce
K.
Kevin Kaminski,
Andreas Karlsson,
Arttu Kayhko,
Bob Kellogg,
Rob Kenny,
Geordie Kinnear,
Dieter Kochan,
Todd Krygier
L.
Bob Lachance,
Scott LaGrand,
Judd Lambert,
Scott Langkow,
Kirby Law,
John LeBlanc,
Chris LiPuma,
David Littman
M.
Brett MacDonald,
Garett MacDonald,
Jason MacDonald,
Dave MacIntyre,
Dave Mackey,
Kevin Malgunas,
Scott Malone,
Norm Maracle,
Martin Masa,
Wes Mason,
Alan May,
Sean McCann,
Hubie McDonough,
Pat Mikesch,
Kris Miller,
Kurt Miller,
Tyler Moss,
Curtis Murphy
N.
Rumun Ndur,
Pat Neaton,
Mike Nicholishen,
Eric Nickulas,
Carlin Nordstrom,
Jason Norrie
Clayton Norris
O.
Fredrik Oduya,
P.
Drew Palmer,
Grigori Panteleev,
Rob Pearson,
Brian Pothier
R.
Jeff Reid,
Scott Ricci,
Todd Richards,
Grant Richison,
Sean Ritchlin,
Jeff Ruchinski
S.
Ken Sabourin,
Yves Sarault,
Reggie Savage,
Marc Savard,
Corey Schwab,
Pierre Sevingy,
Gary Shuchuk,
Richard Shulmistra,
Vladimír Sičák,
Trevor Sim,
Ben Simon,
Jeff Sirkka,
Jarrod Skalde,
Andrei Skopintsev,
Darin Smith,
Dave Smith,
Kevin Smyth,
Dan Snyder,
Brian Stacey,
Per Svartvadet,
Dean Sylvester
T.
Rick Tabaracci,
Brad Tapper,
Briane Thompson,
Brad Tiley,
Janis Tomans,
Mike Torchia,
Doug Torrel,
Alfie Turcotte
V.
Herbert Vasiljevs,
Mike Vellinga,
J. P. Vigier,
Dimitri Vlasenkov,
Sergei Vyshedkevich
W.
Shawn Wansborough,
Mike Weaver,
Brian Wesenberg,
Darren Wetherill,
Jeff Williams,
Vince Williams

</doc>
<doc id="5965231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965231" title="Chavdar Yankov">
Chavdar Yankov

Chavdar Yankov (; born 29 March 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Slavia Sofia. He is known for his passing, aerial ability and tackling. He is a central midfielder who plays in the holding midfield role or as an attacking midfielder. Despite often being used in a defensive position he is mainly an attacking player. 
As a youngster, Yankov supported Real Madrid and modelled himself on Zinedine Zidane and Edgar Davids. His nickname is Chack.
Club career.
Yankov began his football career as a youth at Slavia Sofia. He made his debut in professional football on 7 September 2001, in a 0–1 loss against Lokomotiv Sofia. In the 2001–02 season, Yankov played in seven matches for Slavia. He started to make his name two years later when he scored six goals in 30 league games and was called to the Bulgarian national team by then coach Hristo Stoichkov. 
In summer 2005, Yankov moved to German Bundesliga side Hannover 96, initially on a loan, but made permanent in summer 2007 for a fee of around €1.30 million. In summer 2009, he was loaned to MSV Duisburg. 
On 8 January 2010, Yankov joined Ukrainian Premier League club Metalurh Donetsk on a two-and-a-half-year deal. On 13 August 2010, Yankov was loaned out to Russian Premier League club FC Rostov. 
In July 2012, Yankov signed as a free agent for his boyhood club Slavia Sofia on a one-year contract.
International career.
Yankov made his debut for Bulgaria in 2004 after the participation on the team in 2004 European Football Championship. On 13 October 2004, Yankov scored his first goal for Bulgaria in a World Cup 2006 qualifying match against Malta. He scored a goal in the 87th minute. The result of the match was a 4–1 win for Bulgaria. As of October 2010, the midfielder has 31 matches and five goals for the national team. On 12 October 2010, in the absence of Stilian Petrov, he captained the side for the first time in the 2–0 win against Saudi Arabia in a friendly match.

</doc>
<doc id="5965240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965240" title="Thomas Jefferson Jackson See">
Thomas Jefferson Jackson See

Thomas Jefferson Jackson (T. J. J.) See, (February 19, 1866 – July 4, 1962) was an American astronomer of high potential who ended a colorful life with no real accomplishment in astronomy or physics. He is known for a career dogged by plagiarism, being fired from two observatory staffs, grand egotistical claims, being 'exiled' to an isolated outpost, and his vitriolic attacks on relativity.
Early life.
See was born near Montgomery City, Missouri. He attended the University of Missouri, graduating in 1889 with an undergraduate career that was outwardly stellar. See achieved honors distinction in nearly every subject, became his class valedictorian and was the recipient of the Laws Astronomical Medal for an original thesis on an astronomical subject. However, his speech "The Spirit of the Age" was a plagiarized version on an earlier speech given by another student, and his "original thesis" for the Laws Astronomical Medal was claimed to be original work but was just from prior work by Sir George Darwin. See was also a critical player in the academic insurgency aimed at ousting university president Samuel Laws (in favor of See's mentor William Benjamin Smith). This plagiarism and bitter in-fighting "set the scene for a career perhaps unrivalled as an example of wasted talent". Nevertheless, with the outwardly strong credentials, See went to the University of Berlin where he received a Ph.D. in Mathematics in 1892. With a European doctorate, See returned to America with enviable credentials and a career of great promise.
Scientific work.
See specialized in the study of binary stars, particularly in determining their orbits. See initially found work at the University of Chicago, where he worked as an instructor under George Ellery Hale. See left Chicago in 1896 after failing to receive a promotion. He next worked at Lowell Observatory until he was fired in 1898 for his arrogant attitude towards the staff. See's arrogance and overconfidence caused problems throughout his career, in both professional relationships and erroneous scientific results arising from carelessness. After his dismissal from Lowell, See joined the staff of the United States Naval Observatory in 1898. 
It was at the Naval Observatory that some of See's previous work, and his arrogance, led to his downfall. Several years earlier, in 1895, while studying the well known binary star 70 Ophiuchi at the University of Chicago (and from a few observations made at the Leander McCormick Observatory of the University of Virginia during a visit in April 1895), See believed he had found small anomalies in the motion of one of the stars suggesting a third object was present and its gravitational influence was affecting the motion of the star (Capt. W. S. Jacob had mentioned this possibility in an earlier study in 1855). See's results were published in the "Astronomical Journal". In 1899, Forest R. Moulton analyzed this proposed triple system and demonstrated convincingly that it would be unstable, and therefore very unlikely to actually exist (Moulton also pointed out that an orbit not requiring an unseen companion had been put forth by Eric Doolittle). See took great offense and wrote an abusive letter to the "Astronomical Journal". An edited version was published and he was banned from future publication in the "Astronomical Journal". See found himself increasingly at odds with other astronomers, and eventually suffered a breakdown in 1902. He spent one semester teaching at the United States Naval Academy, but was then transferred to a naval shipyard at Mare Island, California in charge of the time station, until his retirement in 1930.
In 1910 he published a 700+ page work entitled "Researches on the Evolution of the Stellar Systems, Vol. II, The Capture Theory of Cosmical Evolution". In this work he describes his task to "brush aside the erroneous doctrines heretofore current, as one would the accumulated dust and cobwebs of ages". In 1913 William Larkin Webb published a "Brief Biography and Popular Account of the Unparalleled Discoveries of T. J. J. See". Webb was a newspaper publisher and amateur astronomer, and a long-time admirer of See, a fellow Missourian. The book, which many regarded to have been written by See himself, essentially destroyed any remaining credibility he had in the astronomical community. "The Nation" published a review of the book poking fun at its extraordinary hyperbole, which included such material as: "The infant See, we are told, first saw the light on the 393rd anniversary of Copernicus's birth, ... showed himself "every inch a natural philosopher" by speculating on the origins of the sun, moon and stars at the age of two, never so much as dreaming that he should grow into a little boy with "methodical methods", and one day become "the greatest astronomer in the world".
See is renowned as the primary modern proponent of the idea that various ancient observers report the color of the bright star Sirius to be red as a result of stellar evolution. The Red-Sirius controversy arises because modern observations show that Sirius is white in color, and the very strong realization from modern astronomers that a reddish color for Sirius in antiquity is essentially impossible by any mechanism of astrophysics. See published six papers from 1892 to 1926 on the topic, making shrill attacks on critics, and ignoring the substantial numbers of texts from antiquity that described Sirius as blue or white in color. See's obsession with what is now considered as a fringe area (whose solution involves only cultural allusions) only served to further distance the maverick from mainstream astronomy.
See spent the years at Mare Island pursuing fame as a discoverer of the laws of nature, issuing a series of publications on the origin of the solar system, the size of the Milky Way and the cause of sunspots and earthquakes. He also wrote a series of articles about the Aether, which eventually totalled nearly 300 pages, and served as the framework for his theory of everything, in which all forces were transmitted as aetheric waves. 
He also engaged in vitriolic attacks against Einstein and his theory of relativity, which Einstein essentially ignored. The scientific community also ignored See's criticisms of relativity.
See's numerous papers are in the collection of the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="5965280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965280" title="OH 24">
OH 24

OH 24 (nicknamed "Twiggy") is a fossilized skull of the species "Homo habilis". It was discovered in Olduvai Gorge, Tanzania by Peter Nzube in 1968. The skull was found crushed almost flat and was therefore named after the famously skinny model of the time Twiggy. Estimated at about 1.8 mya (million years old), the cranium was found crushed flat and cemented together with a mass coating of limestone.
Originally, there was very little interest placed on the discovery of the skull, but after much effort by scientist Ron Clarke, the skull was finally reconstructed and examined thoroughly.Despite this effort, there still is a good deal of distortion from the fossilization processes that took place. The small cranial capacity estimated at about 590-600 cc (cubic centimeters) is in part attributed to this cranial distortion. OH 24's face is described as being prognathic (projecting forward under the nose), as in other fossils from the "Homo. habilis" family, but not quite to the extent of the earlier Australopithecus species. Besides manifesting lesser prognathism than the Australopithecus species, OH 24 also portrays a larger cranial vault, indicating an expansion in brain size from its Austrolopithecus ancestor, and the reduction of facial prognathisim typical of the evolution from Australopithecus to the early Homo.
The individual's third molars had erupted, which indicates that OH 24- "Twiggy" was an adult at death. Yet, these molars show no sign of wear ( the points on the crowns of the teeth are still sharp, and show little sign of abrasion by rough food matter), indicating that this individual died soon after the eruption of these molars. Like the other fossils in the "Homo. habilis" family, OH 24 also manifests the slightly small teeth set in a U-shaped arch.
Being one the oldest fossils of the "Homo. habilis" family, OH 24 has been used to settle many disputes about splitting some of the early Homo fossils that have been found into Homo rudolfensis and "Homo. habilis", or lumping them together into one single species- the "Homo. habilis". Some of the highly disputed fossils are KNM ER 1813 which most agree is a female "Homo. habilis" and KNM ER 1470 which many argue has various anatomical differences to the previously known "Homo. habilis" fossils that should make it be classified into the "Homo. rudolfensis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="5965304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965304" title="Once Again (John Legend album)">
Once Again (John Legend album)

Once Again is the second studio album by American singer John Legend, issued by GOOD Music and Sony Music Entertainment on October 24, 2006. Legend co-wrote and co-produced the bulk of the album, working with collaborators such as Kanye West, will.i.am, Raphael Saadiq, Craig Street, Sa-Ra, Eric Hudson, Devo Springsteen, Dave Tozer and Avenue.
Singles from the album include "Save Room", "Heaven", "P.D.A. (We Just Don't Care)", "Stereo", "Another Again", "Slow Dance", "Show Me" and "Each Day Gets Better". "Once Again" has been certified platinum by the RIAA, after shipping over one million copies. The song "Heaven" won the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. Also, "Save Room" was nominated for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 77 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". Yahoo! Music UK gave it a score of nine stars out of ten and called it "frequently staggering". "Paste" gave it four-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "Legend has grown by leaps on this disc, delivering a richer sound and more adventurous experimentation." "The A.V. Club" gave it a B+ and said that "While album occasionally slips from understated to sleepy, there isn't a bum track on the album." "Mojo" also gave the album four stars out of five and said of Legend, "His most impressive skill is echoing the laid-back charm of Bill Withers and the melodic instincts of Stevie Wonder." "Blender" likewise gave it four stars out of five and said it "sets out to rebuild the dramatic storytelling and redemptive power of soul music on a hip-hop foundation." "Q" likewise gave it four stars, calling it "soulful" and "not funky". "Billboard" gave it a positive review and called it "A timeless, feel-good album that could easily slide into your papa's Sam Cooke and Percy Sledge collections, yet still sounds contemporary." "The Village Voice" also gave it a positive review and stated, "There are a number of words to describe contemporary mainstream r&b, but "elegant," "mature," "breezy," and "sophisticated" aren't usually among them. Luckily, they apply to John Legend's subtle follow-up to 2005's Grammy-winning, multiplatinum "Get Lifted"." "Hartford Courant" likewise gave it a positive review and called its songs "Soul music impeccably poised between past and future, anchored by a warm voice comfortingly similar to Bill Withers'."
Other reviews are average or mixed: "The Observer" gave it three stars out of five and said that Legend "has stepped up into territory that references his background in gospel and soul but avoids the more obvious nods to the past." "Slant Magazine" also gave it three stars and said that the album's midsection "bulges with excess MOR fat, but unlike Legend's debut, the album doesn't resurrect itself by the end." "Now" likewise gave it three stars and said, "Legend's lounge-track sentimentality often spills into schmaltzed-out Streisand-on-Broadway territory." "Prefix Magazine" gave it a score of five out of ten and stated that "The album's second half is still woefully lacking, one big mess of boredom and monotony." "Vibe" gave it two-and-a-half stars out of five and called it "frustratingly uneven". "The Independent" gave it two stars out of five and stated, "It's hard not to feel underwhelmed by this follow-up to Legend's major-label debut "Get Lifted", which secured three million sales through a judicious blend of his gospel roots and hip-hop ties. The lunge for the mainstream is too pronounced, and probably ill-advised, inasmuch as it places him in direct comparison with more expressive, adept singers."
Track listing.
International bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="5965312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965312" title="Tamara Geva">
Tamara Geva

Tamara Geva (, Жева, or Джева; 17 March 1907 – 9 December 1997) was a Russian actress, ballet dancer and choreographer. She was the first wife of dancer/choreographer George Balanchine.
Biography.
Geva was born with the surname Zheverzheieva, sometimes spelled Gevergeyeva (), the daughter of Tamara Urtahl (who was Swedish) and Levko Zheverzheiev (or Gevergeyev). Geva's paternal grandparents, although Tatar Muslims, founded a business, which their son inherited, which manufactured objects for the Russian Orthodox Church, including precious icons and ornaments, as well as gold lame and lace for church vestments. Geva's parents were patrons of avante-garde artists.
Geva shortened her surname when she came to St. Petersburg, Russia. Her father, although raised Muslim, became a freethinker. Geva described her mother, also Tamara, as a beautiful but selfish woman, frequently unfaithful to her husband. Geva's parents were unable to marry until their daughter was six years old. As a child she lived in a huge 18th-century house which had a miniature theater and a theater museum. The museum is preserved and is currently known as The State Museum of Theater and Music. 
Geva studied ballet privately, but after the Russian Revolution of 1917 she entered the Theatre School of the Soviet Ballet when it began to accept older ballet students for night classes. Here she met dancer and later choreographer George Balanchine, who was teaching ballroom dance classes. She married Balanchine in 1923 at age 16; the marriage was dissolved in 1926. 
She married Kapa (also known as "Karp" and "Kappa") Davidoff (né Garabed Tavitian; 1897-1982) after her divorce from Balanchine. Davidoff, an actor and fashion executive, had previously been married to a flier, Lucia Davidova; Geva and Davidova became friends, and were often publicly escorted together by Davidoff. Geva married, lastly, American actor John Emery, the former husband of Tallulah Bankhead. Geva had no children.
Career.
While still in Russia, Geva began appearing professionally in ballet concerts. In 1924, together with Balanchine and Alexandra Danilova, Geva defected from Soviet Russia on a tour to Germany, after Diaghilev had invited them to join the Ballets Russes, where she danced until 1926. She also appeared in 1925 in a German production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" as Oberon. In 1927, she introduced Balanchine's choreography to New York City, when she danced two brief solos by him. At the time she was touring with Nikita Balieff's Chauve-Souris, a touring revue which was composed of Russian emigres. On Broadway, Geva appeared in the musicals "Three's A Crowd" (1930), "Flying Colors" (1932) and "Whoopee" (1934).
In 1935 Geva performed with the American Ballet. This was Balanchine's initial company in New York. She immersed herself in film and theater work. In 1936, she was paired with actor Ray Bolger in "On Your Toes" by Rodgers and Hart. For "On Your Toes", she danced in a dramatic "Slaughter on Tenth Avenue" sequence and a balletic parody. One reviewer described her performance as "magnificent", adding "she can burlesque it with the authority of an artist on holiday". She went on to act in productions of the works of Euripedes, George Bernard Shaw, and Jean-Paul Sartre. She starred with Raymond Massey in the London premiere of the anti-war play "Idiot's Delight" (1938), written by Robert E. Sherwood. She acted in Euripedes' "The Trojan Women" in New York in 1941, and in the Los Angeles production of Sartre's "No Exit" in 1947. 
In 1953 Geva played the character of a sarcastic acrobat in a New York revival of George Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance". The cast included Roddy McDowall and Richard Kiley. In 1959, Geva and Haila Stoddard created "Come Play With Me" a musical comedy with a score penned by Dana Suesse, which had had a short off-Broadway run. She was the choreographer for the film "Specter of the Rose" (1946), written by Ben Hecht. Her last performance was on screen in "Frevel" (1984), credited simply as Tamara. In her later years, she had several exhibitions of her paintings. 
Death.
Tamara Geva died on 9 December 1997, aged 90, at her home in Manhattan from natural causes. 

</doc>
<doc id="5965319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965319" title="Avadhara">
Avadhara

Avadhara (sometimes referred to as Auadhara; , "Awadhara", ) is a climatological resort in Abkhazia, Georgia. The resort lies on the southwestern slopes of the Avadhara Range at an elevation of above sea level. Avadhara is surrounded by fir, spruce, and beech forests. The area experiences cool summers and relatively cold winters.

</doc>
<doc id="5965321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965321" title="Racer">
Racer

Racer may refer to:
Snakes.
Any of several genera of colubrid snakes, such as "Coluber"; "Drymobius", the neotropical racers; "Masticophis", the whip snakes or coachwhips; and "Alsophis".
Sports.
... sportsmen or their vehicles involved in a racing competition :

</doc>
<doc id="5965331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965331" title="Clement Bezold">
Clement Bezold

Clement Bezold is one of the founders of the Institute for Alternative Futures as well as its for-profit subsidiary Alternative Futures Associates, and is the current Chairman of the Board. As a futurist, he has written or edited more than ten books related to the future, particularly in the area of the future of health. Key books include "Anticipatory Democracy: People in Politics of the Future" published in 1978 and "The Future of Work and Health" published in 1985. Through the IAF, he has been involved in futures consulting for many decades. He has a Ph.D in political science.
Dr. Bezold established the Institute for Alternative Futures in 1977 to encourage "Anticipatory Democracy." In 1982, he started Alternative Futures Associates to assist corporations in their strategic planning. Trained as a political scientist, he has been a major developer of foresight techniques - applying futures research and strategic planning methods in both the public and private sectors. He serves as the Consulting Editor for the "Journal of Futures Studies" and sits on the editorial advisory boards of the journals "foresight", "Technology Forecasting and Social Change" and "World Future Review".
He is a frequent speaker on the future for voluntary organizations, corporations, and health care and education groups. Dr. Bezold is also leads a number of projects for the Institute for Alternative Futures including the Disparity Reducing Advances (DRA) Project and the Project on Foresight for Smart Globalization.

</doc>
<doc id="5965335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965335" title="Virtual observatory">
Virtual observatory

Virtual observatory (VO) is a collection of interoperating data archives and software tools which utilize the internet to form a scientific research environment in which astronomical research programs can be conducted.
In much the same way as a real observatory consists of telescopes, each with a collection of unique astronomical instruments, the VO consists of a collection of data centres each with unique collections of astronomical data, software systems and processing capabilities.
The main goal is to allow transparent and distributed access to data available worldwide. This allows scientists to discover, access, analyze, and combine nature and lab data from heterogeneous data collections in a user-friendly manner.
The IVOA (International Virtual Observatory Alliance) is a standards body created by the VO projects to develop and agree the vital interoperability standards upon which the VO implementations are constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="5965345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965345" title="The Havens, Pembrokeshire">
The Havens, Pembrokeshire

The Havens is a community and an electoral ward containing the community in Pembrokeshire, West-Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="5965349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965349" title="Angel (Eurythmics song)">
Angel (Eurythmics song)

"Angel" is a song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart and Jimmy Iovine. The song appears on Eurythmics' "We Too Are One" album and was released as its fourth UK single in May 1990, and would be the duo's final single for almost a decade (discounting the re-release of two older singles the following year). It was also released as the second single from the album in the US.
"Angel" is a ballad with an adult contemporary sound. Lennox said in an interview at the time that the song was inspired by the death of her aunt, as she sings about a woman who has killed herself and now has "gone to meet her maker". The music video, directed by Sophie Muller, features the duo taking part in a seance and running through a burning house, and was not widely seen in the US (not shown at all on MTV) supposedly due to several scenes depicting the occult.
"Angel" peaked at number twenty-three on the UK singles chart, though failed to chart on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Annie Lennox re-recorded the song in 1997 for the "" album.
Official Versions.
1. "LP Version" (5:15);
2. "Radio Edit" (4:35) - from the US PROMO CD (1989);
3. "Choir Version" (5:52) - UK 7" B-side - later re-released on the (Remastered Version) of "We Too Are One" (2005)

</doc>
<doc id="5965359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965359" title="Lego Racers 2">
Lego Racers 2

Lego Racers 2 is a LEGO racing video game developed by ATD and published by Lego Software. It was first released in September 2001 for Windows (PC), PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance.
It is the sequel of the 1999 game, Lego Racers. This sequel was first revealed by Lego on August 21, 2001.
Worlds.
There are five large worlds, starting with the hometown, Sandy Bay. The player wins 4 races in Sandy Bay, then collects gold bricks to move on to Dino Island, Mars, Arctic, and finally Xalax. In Xalax, the player will face Rocket Racer, who when beaten, will hand over the title as the greatest racer in the galaxy.
Each world is based on a particular theme. In addition to racing cars in the Racers product line, each theme is based on an actual series Lego sets, and includes parts of those sets.
Upgrades.
Upgrades for your car may be obtained by winning mini games. Each mini game is accessible by driving through a vortex while exploring the Lego worlds. There are two mini games per world, one on an easy level and one on a difficult level. The first vortex you go to will be the easy level.
There are three categories of upgrades available: Grip, which improves how well your car turns and how much your car slides; Power, which controls how fast your car goes and how much climbing power your car has; and Shield, which controls how much damage your car can take before being destroyed.
Powerups.
Powerups are various types of weapons that can be used while racing. You obtain a powerup by driving over a white, spinning, glowing Lego brick. A counter appears that cycles through all of the powerups; the one it lands on is the one you get. You may press the "fire" button to stop the counter if you see one that you want. It takes a quick hand, however. Otherwise, the counter will automatically give you a bonus based on your position in the race. Persons in last place will receive the best powerups. Unlike Lego Racers 1, there are no power-enhancing bricks for your powerup.
Reception.
Lego Racers 2 was rated average to positive. The PC version was given a score of 7.8 out of 10 by IGN; the reviewer praised its graphics and gameplay, but criticized the voice and talk which were derided as "cartoon gibberish". IGN rated the PS2 version only 6 out of 10, which corresponding graphics and gameplay were inferior to its PC counterpart. An additional note is that a copy cost $20 for PC, but $40 for PS2; the reviewer thought the latter to be poor value for money, while the PC version, at half the cost, was acceptable.
GameSpot rated the PC version 7.5 out of 10 and the PS2 version 6.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="5965360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965360" title="Robert V. Barron">
Robert V. Barron

Robert V. Barron (December 26, 1932 – December 1, 2000) was an American actor best known as the supervising director and the voice of Admiral Donald Hayes in "Robotech". He is also known for playing the role of Abraham Lincoln in "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" in 1989. He also played a pool player in an episode of Dukes of Hazzard.
His interment was in Salinas, California's Garden of Memories Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5965361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965361" title="George Ferris">
George Ferris

George Ferris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965363" title="Ishakzai">
Ishakzai

The Ishakzai are an Afghan sub-tribe of the Durrani tribe who, in turn, are a subtribe of the Pashtun tribe. They are predominant in Southern Afghanistan, particularly the provinces of Kandahar and Helmand.

</doc>
<doc id="5965387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965387" title="Gwere language">
Gwere language

Gwere, or "Lugwere," is the language spoken by the Gwere people ("Bagwere"), a Bantu people found in the eastern part of Uganda. It has a close dialectical resemblance to Soga and Ganda, which neighbour the Gwere.
Gwere, though closest in dialect to its eastern neighbours, also has many words similar to those used by tribes from the western part of Uganda.
For example "musaiza" ("a man") resembles "mushiiza" used by the western languages with the same meaning.
The Ruli, a somewhat distant people living in central Uganda, speak a language that has almost exactly the same words used in Lugwere, but with a very different pronunciation.

</doc>
<doc id="5965394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965394" title="Rob McElhenney">
Rob McElhenney

Robert Dale "Rob" McElhenney (; born April 14, 1977) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Mac on the FX series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". He is also credited as creator, developer, and executive producer of the show, which has also provided him with writing and directing credits on various episodes.
Early life.
McElhenney was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and grew up in Pennsport. He attended Waldron Mercy Academy and Saint Joseph's Preparatory School. He was raised "partly by two gay mothers who have a domestic partnership".
Career.
McElhenney made his film debut with a small part in Alan J. Pakula's "The Devil's Own", followed by small parts in "A Civil Action", "Wonder Boys", and "Thirteen Conversations About One Thing". He later had more substantial parts in "Latter Days" and "The Tollbooth", and a small role in the "Law & Order" episode "Thrill".
In 2004, McElhenney was still waiting tables between acting assignments when his manager and agent pitched his idea for a sitcom to FX, which was warmly received. McElhenney claims that 50 weeks of each year are consumed by acting, producing, and writing for the show, but he did find time to appear in the third season of "Lost" in the episode "Not in Portland". This was a result of McElhenney meeting "Lost" co-creator and executive producer Damon Lindelof, who is a fan of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". McElhenney continued the role in "Lost", featured again in the sixth season for a single episode.
Personal life.
McElhenny married his "Sunny" co-star Kaitlin Olson on September 27, 2008, in California. They had their first child, Axel Lee McElhenny, on September 1, 2010. Olson went into labor at a Philadelphia Phillies game. The couple's second son, Leo Grey McElhenney, was born on April 5, 2012. In 2009, McElhenney and Olson announced their purchase of Skinner's Bar at 226 Market Street in Philadelphia (). It was renamed Mac's Tavern.
In preparation for season seven of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", McElhenney put on 50 lbs of extra weight and let his beard grow out to give extra humor to his character and add a new comedic direction for the new season. His co-star Charlie Day described the weight gain as "disgusting" and that the rest of the cast were "a little on the fence about it for his own personal health and safety". McElhenney subsequently lost 23 lbs in a month after the season was finished filming. He lost more later in the year to film the next season.

</doc>
<doc id="5965403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965403" title="Rosalia longicorn">
Rosalia longicorn

The Rosalia longicorn (Rosalia alpina) is a large longicorn (family Cerambycidae) that is distinguished by its distinctive markings.
Description.
The Rosalia longicorn is 15 to 38 mm long. The antennae can be up to twice as long as the rest of the body in males, and the same length in females. The elytra are flat, blue-gray, with variable black spots, including a prominent one on the thorax, a silky one in front, and a small one in back. Both the antennae and the legs have the same coloration as the body. The coloration serves as good camouflage with their preferred habitat, the European Beech.
They are distributed from the Alps east to Slovakia. Its numbers across Europe has greatly depleted in recent years, and it is a protected species in Germany, Hungary, Poland and Slovenia.
The adults are active from June to September. By day the beetles sit near flowers and feed on the pollen. They make a chirping sound by scraping their rear legs and elytra together. After mating, the female lays the eggs within a crack in the bark of a beech. The larvae eat the bark and pupate there as well when it has reached about three years of age. The mature adult emerges from the pupa.
Rosalia longicorn is the logo of Danube-Ipoly National Park in Hungary. 

</doc>
<doc id="5965415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965415" title="Guinness Storehouse">
Guinness Storehouse

Guinness Storehouse (informally the Storehouse, also known as Guinness Hop Store) is a Guinness-themed tourist attraction located at St. James's Gate Brewery in Dublin, Ireland. Since opening in November 2000, it has received over four million visitors.
The Storehouse is laid out over seven floors surrounding a glass atrium shaped in the form of a pint of Guinness. The ground floor introduces the beer's four ingredients (water, barley, hops and yeast), and the brewery's founder, Arthur Guinness. Other floors feature the history of Guinness advertising and include an interactive exhibit on responsible drinking. The seventh floor houses the Gravity Bar with views of Dublin and where visitors may drink a pint of Guinness included in the price of admission, which was €16.75 (€15.00 if booked online) as of April 2014. In 2006, a new wing opened incorporating a live installation of the present day brewing process.
History.
The building in which the Storehouse is located was constructed in 1902 as a fermentation plant for the St. James's Gate Brewery (where yeast is added to the brew). The building was designed in the style of the Chicago School of Architecture and was the first multi-storey steel-framed building to be constructed in Ireland. The building was used continuously as the fermentation plant of the Brewery until its closure in 1988, when a new fermentation plant was completed near the River Liffey.
In 1997, it was decided to convert the building into the Guinness Storehouse, replacing the Guinness Hop Store as the Brewery's visitor centre. The redesign of the building was undertaken by the UK-based design firm Imagination in conjunction with the Dublin-based architects firm RKD, and the Storehouse opened to the public on 2 December 2000. In 2006 a new wing was developed at a cost of €2.5 million, including a live installation demonstrating the modern brewing process.
In May 2011, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip visited the Storehouse as part of a state visit to Ireland.
Visitor attractions.
The Guinness Storehouse explains the history of Guinness. The story is told through various interactive exhibition areas including ingredients, brewing, transport, cooperage, advertising and sponsorship.
At the base of the atrium lies a copy of the 9,000 year lease signed by Arthur Guinness on the brewery site. In the Perfect Pint bar, visitors may pour their own pint of Guinness. The Brewery Bar on the fifth floor offers Irish cuisine, using Guinness both in the cooking and as an accompaniment to food.
Arthur Guinness Business Centre.
The Arthur Guinness Business Centre on the third and fourth floors of the Storehouse is an area with training and conference facilities. It offers a number of events venues with catering for 20 to 1,000 people.
Guinness Archive.
The Guinness Archive is based at the Storehouse and contains records dating from the 1759 lease of the Brewery and photographs, film, video, memorabilia, posters, maps, bottles and artifacts documenting the history of the Guinness company, brand and products in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5965416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965416" title="Albert Divo">
Albert Divo

Albert Divo (1895–1966) was a Grand Prix motor racing driver. He was born in Paris, France. In 1922, Divo competed in the International Tourist Trophy endurance race on the Isle of Man. He scored his first major victory driving for Sunbeam at the 1923 Spanish Grand Prix at the Sitges Terramar circuit about 40 km outside Barcelona.
Driving for Delage, in 1924 he finished second behind Giuseppe Campari in the European Grand Prix at Lyon. The following year he won two major Grand Prix events for Delage. In July he captured the French Grand Prix at the Autodrome de Montlhéry after his car went out of the race and he took over from teammate Robert Benoist. In September he shared victory with teammate André Morel at the San Sebastián Grand Prix at Circuito Lasarte. In 1927 he finished third in the British Grand Prix at Brooklands. The next year, he drove a Bugatti Type 35 to victories in the 1928 and 1929 Targa Florio. 
Albert Divo was a founding member of the Club International des Anciens Pilotes de Grand Prix F1 in 1962 in Villars-sur-Ollon, Switzerland. He died in 1966 and was buried in the Morsang-sur-Orge cemetery in the department of the Essonne near Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5965437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965437" title="Shannon Settlemyre">
Shannon Settlemyre

Shannon Hemon Settlemyre (born 1980) is an American voice actress and ADR voice director best known for her English voice of Lum in the Urusei Yatsura movies except movie 2. She mainly works at Coastal Studios and Swirl Recording.

</doc>
<doc id="5965442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965442" title="Elaine Lawler">
Elaine Lawler

Elaine Lawler (born 1973) became the first white Queen in Ghana after a ceremony in Ghana in July 2006. 
Queen Elaine Lawler is from Gateshead, England. Her husband John Lawler was made a chief in 1998 after helping set up a school in the village of Shia during a gap year. When Elaine and John Lawler got married in June 2006, the village decided to bestow the honour on Mrs Lawler. The ceremony, just 24 hours after their marriage, was blessed in front of chiefs and elders from across Ghana. Elaine Lawler was made queen in front of thousands of well-wishers. In a tradition known as the Enstoolment Ceremony, Queen Elaine received blessings before being presented with her official tribal clothing - golden slippers, a Kente woven toga and her golden crown. Elaine then sat on her golden stool for the first time. Queen Elaine Lawler was also given a Ghanaian name Mama Amenyo Nyowu Sika. This translates as "people are more important than gold". After Queen Elaine Lawler was crowned she said "It was totally overwhelming, but the people were so friendly and it was a wonderful privilege to be made queen". Queen Elaine, studying to be a nutritionist at Northumbria University, says her main responsibilities will be to lead youth development in the village and fill in for her husband John if he is unable to attend special occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="5965443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965443" title="Palfrey, West Midlands">
Palfrey, West Midlands

Palfrey is a neighbourhood in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall, in the West Midlands.
Census 2001 showed the Palfrey ward population of 14,596, which consisted of 7049 males and 7547 females. 5.1% of the ward population are Christian and 94.9% are Muslim. In the Palfrey ward there are 5113 households with 32.54% owning with a mortgage or loan. 
Palfrey is part of the Palfrey and Caldmore policing neighbourhood area. In this neighbourhood crime increased by 4% for the last 12 months (Mar 09 to Feb 10) compared to the previous 12 months (mar 08 to Feb 09). For crime across the West Midlands there was a reduction of 8% for the same period. 1486 incidents of Anti-social behaviour were recorded in Palfrey between Mar 09 to Feb 10.
In the latest Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD) Palfrey was ranked 4,178 out of 32,482 in England, where 1 was the most deprived and 32,482 the least. This is broken down further by income; employment; education, skills; health; barriers to housing and services; the living environment; and crime (England). 
In Palfrey along with areas like Pleck and Darlaston South,had more than one in three children affected by deprivation.
Walsall maps of income inequalities, based on the most income-deprived fifth of areas,highlight the following wards: Birchills Leamore, Blakenall, Palfrey, Pleck, and St Matthew’s.
The schools in the ward include Palfrey Infants and Junior, Fullbrook Nursery, Joseph Leckie CTC, Whithall Junior and Infants and Delves Junior and Infants.the performance of these schools is available from regular ward walk factsheets conducted by local service providers. 
Palfrey has 3 elected councillors:
Councillor Mohammad Munir 
Councillor Mohammad Nazir 
Councillor Mohammad Yasin. 
The word Palfrey, refers to a small simple horse, once used particularly for women. The neighbourhood name of Palfrey was probably created due to a large field kept for the horse.
The Victorian neighbourhood was nearly all replaced by modern housing in the 1970s, but due to funding problems, only a couple of streets were demolished, and replaced with modern housing and a park.
Palfrey Park is significant local landmark and is cited as one of Walsall Council’s flagship greenspaces and the first in the borough to achieve the national Green Flag Award in 2007. The Park is located within walking distance of Palfrey Town Centre and its Broadway West entrance is located off Broadway West (A4148 Walsall ring road). The park has a simple reverse L – shaped layout and is an intimate open space of approximately 6.48 hectares ranging from a formal historical layout in the north dominated by the recently reconstructed historical bandstand and Palfrey horse sculpture created in stainless steel by John McKenna (sculptor) ARBS to the play and sports facilities at the centre core of the park, large amenity grass area to the south and informal nature conservation area in the south west corner of the park.
It is home to Walsall's main mosques Abu Bakr, Al Farooq and Aisha, Shah Jalal Mosques, Jalalia Sunni Jami Masjid, Masjid E Usman It has a predominantly Muslim population.
Palfrey has a local sure start Palfrey Sure Start, a range of Asian specialist shops selling Halal meat and catering for the needs of Asian and black people. 
References.
There are many other attractions in Palfrey including the Walsall Art Gallery.
Jalalia Sunni Jami Masjid is at the heart of the Muslim community situated in Bath Road near Caldmore Road. Ghosia Qasmia Trust Mosque & Community Centre i mount street

</doc>
<doc id="5965449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965449" title="Abel Decaux">
Abel Decaux

Abel Decaux (11 February 1869 – 19 March 1943) was a French organist 
and composer. He studied organ with Charles Widor and Alexandre Guilmant and composition with Jules Massenet. For twenty five years from around 1900 he was organist at the Basilique du Sacré-Cœur, in Paris. In 1923 he went to the United States of America, to teach organ at the Eastman School of Music. He returned to France in 1935, to teach organ at the École César Franck and at the Institut Grégorien in Paris.
Decaux's best-known composition (and the only one he ever published), "Clairs de lune", is a set of four piano pieces written between 1900 and 1907, and published in 1913. It is remarkably modern for its time and anticipated some of the work of Claude Debussy and Arnold Schoenberg.
"Clairs de lune" was recorded in 1981 by Turkish pianist Meral Güneyman with works of Frank Bridge and Anton Webern, in 1996 by American pianist Frederic Chiu on a Harmonia Mundi disc with Ravel's "Miroirs" and Schoenberg's "Drei Klavierstücke"; and in 2006 by Canadian pianist Marc-André Hamelin on a Hyperion disc with Dukas' "Piano Sonata".

</doc>
<doc id="5965452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965452" title="Troy Reddick">
Troy Reddick

Troy Stanley Reddick (born December 12, 1983) is an American football offensive lineman and personal trainer with John Charles' Air One Football Academy, who is currently a free agent of the Arena Football League. He chose to sign with the Chicago Bears over the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Auburn University where he was an integral part of the undefeated 2004 season that culminated in a Sugar Bowl victory.
Reddick has also been a member of the New York Giants, San Jose SaberCats, Dallas Desperados, and the Arizona Rattlers. Having had the opportunity to hone his craft in the most physically dominant division of football, the SEC West, his experiences are invaluable to young lineman he trains. As the son of a former college QB and being a life long offensive lineman he contends, that his key to success is helping those around him accomplish their goals.
High School Career.
Troy is a 2002 graduate of Westover Comprehensive High School (Georgia). He was a three sport athlete and two-way starter on the football team for which he earned the following accolades: 2× 1st Team Georgia Region 1-AAA, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution State Super 11, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution [Georgia Top 50, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Super Southern 100, Super Prep Magazine All-Dixie Team, Super Prep Magazine Georgia Top 15, rated as one of the top 30 offensive tackles in the nation by Rivals100.com, and Prep Star All-Southeast Region selection.
College career.
Auburn University: He started 40 games split between guard and tackle. His four years starting at Auburn including the undefeated 2004 season that culminated in a SEC championship and a Sugar Bowl victory. He was 2x Associated Press All-SEC Honorable Mention selection. As a part of the winning-est class in Auburn history, helping them maintain a top three winning percentage in the country over three years. He had the opportunity to block for three NFL first round draft picks including Ronnie Brown, Carnell Williams, and Jason Campbell. Also second round draft pick Kenny Irons and fourth round draft pick Brandon Jacobs. Participated in the inaugural Las Vegas All-Star Game.
Professional career.
Attended the 2006 NFL Combine. Signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent was released and resumed camp with the New York Giants but was later released. In Spring 2007 while attending camp with the Arena Football Leagues San Jose Sabercats, he was drafted #1 overall in the NFL Europe draft. He chose to stay with the San Jose Sabercats and went on to lead them to the 2007 Arena Bowl Championship. He was traded to the Kansas City Brigade. Then acquired by the Dallas Desperadoes at 2008. He suffered a season ending injury and the AFL filed for bankruptcy later that year. The AFL returned in 2010 and so did Troy with the Arizona Rattlers, proving that he could come back after a potential career ending leg injury.
Training and Coaching Experience.
Trained with Tom Shaw former NE Patriots S&C coach and founder TSP. Trained with Kevin Yoxall former UCLA and Auburn University S&C coach. Trained with Rusty Jones former Buffalo Bills and Chicago Bears S&C coach. Trained with Chip Smith founder of Competitive Edge Sports. In 2010, Troy became the OL/DL coach of Cedar Grove Middle School after turning down several high school coaching offers. CGMS went undefeated in the regular season and lost the division championship game. Working with raw talent is something Troy is very passionate about.

</doc>
<doc id="5965468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965468" title="Tee Pee Records">
Tee Pee Records

Tee Pee Records is an independent record label located in New York City in the United States, made popular by the signing of The Brian Jonestown Massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="5965469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965469" title="Official game">
Official game

An official game in baseball, also sometimes called a regulation game, is a game that has progressed beyond the point at which it can be considered complete if necessary. This is approximately the halfway point of the game. In the case of inclement weather, any game which has reached this point may be stopped and shortened as needed, with the result being final, and all records and statistics counted. A game which has not reached this point before being stopped is either considered a suspended game (to be continued at a later date from the point of stoppage), or is simply canceled and replayed from the start. (This depends on the rules of each individual league.) In either case, no statistics are counted until the game becomes official.
Since most professional baseball games are nine innings long, the fifth inning is used as the threshold for an official game. If the visiting team is leading, or the game is tied, the end of the fifth inning marks this point. If the home team (which bats last) is already ahead in the score, and theoretically would not need its half of the fifth inning, then 4½ innings (i.e., the middle of the fifth) is considered an official game. The game is also considered official if the home team scores to take the lead in the bottom of the fifth inning, since the game would end immediately if the same thing happened in the ninth.
In nearly all cases, the "official game" status is used to determine whether a rain check will be honored for fans holding tickets. If a game is started but does not reach the point of becoming official, fans are entitled to a new ticket for the make-up game or (in most cases) any other available game of their choice. If a game is halted "after" it becomes official, the game is simply shortened and no rain check is given.
The "official game" statistic received some attention during the 1995 season, when Cal Ripken, Jr. was approaching the record for consecutive games played, previously held by Lou Gehrig. Large numbers were hung on the side of the B&O Warehouse at Oriole Park at Camden Yards to show the number of games in Ripken's streak. Each day, a new number was unfurled during the fifth inning after each game had become official (since the statistic would not have counted if the game had been stopped before that point). A similar practice has been used to count down toward the demolition of several stadiums (including Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia in 2003, Busch Memorial Stadium in St. Louis in 2005, and the original Yankee Stadium and Shea Stadium in New York City in 2008); as each game became official, the team would unveil a new (lower) number showing the number of games left to be played in the stadium.
Other sports.
Other professional sports utilize similar rules regarding "official" games/events. 
Most codes of motorsport declare a race "official" with an official result if just three laps are completed, though only half the normal championship points are awarded if less than 75% of the race distance (rounded up to the nearest whole lap) is completed. If more than 75% of the race is completed, full points are awarded.
The major exception applies in the United States, mainly in NASCAR and INDYCAR, where races must go at the next full lap after halfway. A race is considered "official" if it has completed half the scheduled distance plus one additional lap. For instance, the Indianapolis 500 (200 laps) must complete 101 laps to be considered official.

</doc>
<doc id="5965480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965480" title="Aperture (computer memory)">
Aperture (computer memory)

In computing, an aperture is a portion of memory physical address space which is persistently associated with a particular peripheral device or a memory unit. Apertures may reach external devices such as ROM or RAM chips, or internal memory on the CPU itself.
Typically a memory device attached to a computer accepts addresses starting at zero, and so a system with more than one such device would have ambiguous addressing. To resolve this, the memory logic will contain several aperture selectors, each containing a range selector and an interface to one of the memory devices. The set of selector address ranges of the apertures are disjoint. When the CPU presents a physical address within the range recognized by an aperture, the aperture unit routes the request (with the address remapped to a zero base) to the attached device. Thus apertures form a layer of address translation below the level of the usual virtual-to-physical mapping.

</doc>
<doc id="5965481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965481" title="Deta">
Deta

Deta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965482" title="(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry">
(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry

"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" is a song recorded by pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song appears on the duo's album "We Too Are One".
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" marked two firsts for Eurythmics: this was the only single from the band which was released in the United States but not the UK and this is also the only single released by the duo to feature co-lead vocals by Lennox and Stewart. Issued as the third American single from "We Too Are One", the single failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. It did, however, chart in Canada, peaking at #58.
Lyrically Lennox sings the part of a woman asking her partner why he was "untrue" and whether he feels sorry for cheating, while he (Stewart) responds that the relationship makes him "feel sad", and he is "never coming back". The song could be interpreted as the foreshadowing of Eurythmics near decade-long hiatus, as the duo's professional relationship was strained at the time of "We Too Are One"'s release.
Official Versions.
1. LP Version (4:54) 2. (Single Version) - US PROMO CD ONLY (4:02); (1989) 3. (Remix) - US PROMO CD ONLY (5:47); (1989) 4.) Acoustic Version (2:46) - US PROMO CD "ACOUSTIC/EURYTHMICS" (White and Black Sleeve); (1989) / "Acoustic Version" is the Canadian 7" B-side (1989)

</doc>
<doc id="5965494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965494" title="Aalsum, Friesland">
Aalsum, Friesland

Aalsum (unofficial Frisian name: Ealsum) is a small village counting some 162 inhabitants (January 2004) about 1 km north of Dokkum in Dongeradeel, Netherlands. Aalsum is built on a partially excavated terp, around a church originally dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria, which dates back to approximately 1200 AD.
Aalsum had a station ("Dokkum-Aalsum") on the North Friesland Railway, which opened in 1901, It became the terminus for passenger services in May 1935 and closed to passengers in July 1936. The station reopened to passengers in May 1940 and closed to passengers in July 1942. Freight services ceased in 1975.
Notable inhabitants:
Rink van der Velde (June 18 1932), writer and journalist
L.PIGORINI, I terpen della Frisia, "Bullettino di Paletnologia Italiana VII, 1881, pp. 110-122; L.PIGORINI, Le prime città della Frisia, "Nuova Antologia", n. 60, 1881, pp. 225-235; R. MUNRO, Notes of a visit to a terp mound at Aalzum, in North Friesland, Holland. “Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland" vol. XXIII, vol. XI new Series, 1889, pp. 98-105.

</doc>
<doc id="5965498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965498" title="2004 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup">
2004 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup

The 2004 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup ran from June through September, 2004, open to all soccer teams in the United States.
The Kansas City Wizards won the Open Cup tournament with a 1-0 golden-goal victory over the defending-champion Chicago Fire at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. Kansas City missed out on a domestic double when the Wizards lost MLS Cup 2004.
The Open Cup tournament was highlighted by A-League side Charleston Battery reaching the semifinals, one of four USL teams to beat Major League Soccer teams. The 2004 tournament was also the final edition contested using golden goal as opposed to more conventional soccer extra time.
Open Cup Bracket.
"Home teams listed on top of bracket"
Schedule.
Note: Scorelines use the standard U.S. convention of placing the home team on the right-hand side of box scores.
First round.
Eight PDL and eight USASA teams start.
Second round.
Six PSL and two A-League teams enter.
Third round.
Six A-League and two MLS teams enter.

</doc>
<doc id="5965504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965504" title="Who's Quentin?">
Who's Quentin?

"Who's Quentin?" is a 2005 Luxembourgish film written and directed by Sacha Bachim.

</doc>
<doc id="5965507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965507" title="Rosalia (genus)">
Rosalia (genus)

Rosalia is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5965510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965510" title="Luiza Sá">
Luiza Sá

Luiza da Silva e Sá (born March 29, 1983 in São Paulo) is one of the guitar players and drummers for the Brazilian indie-electro band Cansei de Ser Sexy.
Besides playing in the group, she studies fine art at college and is very interested in astrology. She sometimes acts as a disc jockey at São Paulo clubs along with bandmate Ana Rezende, as the duo MeuKu (which means "MyAss" in English). Her hairstyle is known as "Joana in the 80s" in São Paulo.
She is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="5965514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965514" title="Schumacher (footballer)">
Schumacher (footballer)

Schumacher (real name Thiago Maier dos Santos) (born 31 August 1986 in Curitiba, Paraná) is a Brazilian footballer who played striker of German descent. He last time played for Volyn Lutsk.
On 31 August 2009, he was loaned to Austrian side Austria Wien.

</doc>
<doc id="5965525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965525" title="Alden Knipe">
Alden Knipe

Alden Arthur Knipe (June 1870 – May 22, 1950) was an American football player and coach. He served as the sixth head football coach at the University of Iowa, serving from 1892 to 1894 and compiling a record of 30–11–4. Knipe was also the first head baseball coach at Iowa, coaching two seasons from 1900 to 1901 and tallying a mark 25–8. Knipe played college football at the University of Pennsylvania. After retiring from coaching, authored numerous books for children.
Playing career.
Alden Knipe was one of the great football players of the nineteenth century. He played at the University of Pennsylvania for the legendary George Washington Woodruff. In 1893, Knipe scored a touchdown for the Penn Quakers in a game against a Walter Camp-coached Yale team. It was the first points Yale had surrendered since 1890, a span of 35 consecutive games. Some sources attribute the famous touchdown to fellow Penn halfback Winchester Osgood, not Knipe.
In 1894, Knipe was the team captain for the Quakers, leading Penn to a perfect 12–0 record. For his efforts, Knipe, a halfback and quarterback, was named as a first team All-American that season. The 1894 Penn squad featured a very talented backfield that consisted of Carl S. Williams at quarterback, George H. Brooke at fullback and Winchester Osgood and Knipe at halfback. Both Osgood and Brooke were also named first team All-American that year. Woodruff later called Knipe "the greatest player I ever coached."
Coaching career.
Knipe then served for two years as an assistant coach under Woodruff at Penn while earning his degree in medicine. In 1897, Knipe moved to Iowa City. The University of Iowa offered him fifty dollars a month to coach the Hawkeye football team in 1898.
Previous Iowa coaches.
Knipe was the first head football coach at Iowa to helm the football team for more than a single season, though five coaches preceded him. Iowa first recognized a varsity football team in 1889 and went without a head coach until 1892. School officials hired E. A. Dalton of Princeton University for ten days prior to the 1892 season to assemble and organize the team, making him Iowa’s first head football coach.
Ben "Sport" Donnelly of Princeton was hired for two weeks prior to the 1893 season. Unlike Dalton, Donnelly was generally disliked by the Hawkeye players. As a result, Iowa turned away from Princeton and hired Roger Sherman of the University of Michigan in 1894. Sherman was the first Hawkeye coach to coach the entire season.
In 1895, Iowa nearly did not field an official team, as the school athletic board ruled that recognition would not be granted until the team paid off its debts. Emergency fundraising allowed the team to be financed and recognized, but Iowa decided not to hire a head coach in 1895. Practices were sloppy and disorganized, and Iowa stumbled to a 2–5 record and failed to score in all five losses. Iowa football would never again go without a head coach.
School officials hired Alfred E. Bull of the University of Pennsylvania to coach the 1896 squad. The 1896 Hawkeye team went 7–1–1 and won Iowa’s first conference title, claiming the Western Interstate University Football Association crown in Iowa's final year in the conference. The Hawkeyes were led in scoring by Frank Holbrook, the first black football player at Iowa. Bull's success led school officials to hire more coaches from the University of Pennsylvania, including Otto Wagonhurst in 1897 and Knipe in 1898.
Early years.
Knipe was a stern disciplinarian, and friction soon arose between Knipe and the older players of the 1898 team, who resented Knipe's instruction and wanted some control over what positions players played. Iowa started the 1898 season 1–4–1, and after a loss to Northern Iowa, Ralph Blackmore led the "Blackmore Revolt", in which five players quit the team. Knipe simply started younger players, including Clyde Williams and Joe Warner. These younger players would be the backbone of success to follow. Iowa closed the year 2–0–1, ending the season with a 6–5 victory over rival Nebraska. Nebraska had been a heavy favorite and was coached by Fielding H. Yost.
Iowa's finish validated Knipe, and school officials announced that Knipe would stay in Iowa City. He coached the 1899 Iowa track team in the spring and the 1899 football team that fall. Knipe guided the track team to the 1899 state championship. Before the 1899 football season, Knipe, an accomplished singer and director of Iowa's glee club, sang in a school production of the operetta "The Mikado". It raised $400 for the school's athletic fund.
After a season opening win over Northern Iowa in 1899, the Hawkeyes turned their attention to heavily favored Chicago, coached by Amos Alonzo Stagg. Iowa's Billy Edson, an Iowa State transfer, scored a touchdown against Chicago, while the Maroons could muster only a field goal. Since both were scored as five points in those days, Iowa settled for a 5–5 tie. Chicago would go on to win the 1899 Western Conference title with a 12–0–2 record.
Hawkeye fans were ecstatic with the tie. Iowa would not yield another point all year, winning their last seven games by a combined score of 194–0. In Iowa's final game of the season, the Hawkeyes defeated Illinois in their first ever meeting by a 58–0 score. So outmatched were the Illini that both sides agreed to shorten the second half by ten minutes.
Less than 24 hours later, Arthur G. Smith, Iowa's football team captain in 1890, accepted on behalf of the University of Iowa an invitation for membership in the Western Conference. Iowa has participated in the Western Conference, now known as the Big Ten Conference, since 1900.
Big Ten membership.
Before the 1900 season, the University of Iowa appointed Knipe to a position titled "Director of Physical Culture". Knipe oversaw all Iowa intercollegiate athletics at the time in this director of athletics role. He is occasionally referred to as Iowa's first athletic director, though the University of Iowa does not officially recognize the position until 1910, when it was split from the head football coaching duties for the first time.
Nine starters from Iowa's undefeated 1899 team returned for the 1900 season, including Williams, Warner, Edson, John G. Griffith, Ray "Buck" Morton, and Morey Eby, captain of the 1899 squad. Griffith was appointed captain in 1900.
The Hawkeyes won their first four non-conference games by a combined score of 198–0. Chicago loomed as Iowa's first ever Western Conference opponent. Chicago had won the conference the previous year and handed Iowa its only blemish on the season in 1899. After a scoreless first half, the Hawks scored two quick touchdowns early in the second period and Iowa won, 17–0. Iowa's next game was against Michigan, the 1898 Western Conference champions, in Detroit. The Wolverines had sent scouts to watch the Iowa-Chicago game and prepare for Michigan's first ever meeting with Iowa.
Knipe had the Hawkeye players gather at Lake St. Clair outside Detroit. Knipe taught his Hawkeye team 75 new plays in one week. He completely changed his offense, which had been one of power inside running, to exploit Iowa's speed advantage running outside the tackles. The Hawkeyes led 28–0 before Michigan managed a field goal to prevent the shutout, the first points scored on Iowa in 1900. But the Hawkeyes dominated the Wolverines and won, 28–5.
A controversial tie in Iowa's last game against Northwestern was the only blemish on the 1900 season. Every member of the Iowa team except Griffith had creamed potatoes the day before the game, and Griffith was the only member of the team without severe stomach cramps the night before the game. Rumor has it that the hotel chef had a wager on the game. Iowa scored a first half touchdown against the Wildcats, but Northwestern scored a late field goal, and Iowa settled for the 5–5 tie. That was still good enough to salvage a tie for the league title with Minnesota in Iowa's first year in the conference.
Knipe, who was appointed Iowa's first director of music in 1901, put on another performance of "The Mikado" in the off-season. Only three starters returned in 1901, but arguably Iowa's best player, Clyde Williams, was one of them and was named team captain. The Hawkeyes won their first three games of the season before preparing to play fellow 1900 conference champion, Minnesota. 25 minutes before the game, Williams was told he was ineligible to play, because he had played professional summer baseball. A deflated Hawkeye team lost to Minnesota, 16–0, losing their first game and yielding their first touchdown in 23 games. Iowa had a 6–3 record in 1901.
Knipe had a large, early influence on Iowa athletics. He served as Iowa's coach for track and cross country from 1899–1902, and he was Iowa's first baseball coach from 1900–1901. In addition to serving as Iowa's director of music and Iowa's director of athletics, he is the only person in the history of the university to coach four separate sports (football, track, baseball, and cross country) simultaneously.
In 1902, Iowa's football team went 5–4, but lost to Michigan and Illinois by a combined score of 187–0. After the 1902 season, Knipe was married in Philadelphia. It was his second marriage, and some on the Athletic Board suggested to the coach that he should not marry a second time because "whispered talk such a marriage would provoke would be bad for Iowa." Regardless, Knipe did it, and he tendered his resignation after the season as well. Knipe had a five year record of 30–11–4 at Iowa. He never coached again.
Later years and death.
As an accomplished singer with a degree in medicine, Knipe chose to be neither a singer nor a doctor. While in college at Penn he had been a member of the prestigious Delta Psi fraternity, AKA St. Anthony Hall. For the next 47 years, Knipe and his wife wrote and illustrated 32 children's books. He died in New York in 1950 at age 79.

</doc>
<doc id="5965526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965526" title="Bernice Adams">
Bernice Adams

Bernice Adams (born in London, England) is an English stage and television actress.
Adams studied at a dancing school for three years from age thirteen. She went on to work on stage in pantomime, variety shows and cabaret. Late in the 1950s she appeared in West End musicals including "Most Happy Fella", "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes", "Promises, Promises", "Gypsy", "Sweet Charity", "Bordello", "Jack the Ripper" and the "Dad's Army stage play".
On television she appeared in "It Ain't Half Hot Mum", "Dad's Army" and "Are You Being Served?" In the 1980s Adams gave up acting and became a production manager for a dance and theatre company, eventually relocating to France. She now lives in Monte Carlo.

</doc>
<doc id="5965537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965537" title="Marian Winters">
Marian Winters

Marian Winters (April 19, 1922 – November 3, 1978) was an American actress of stage, film, and television.
Biography.
Born in New York City to a Jewish-American family, Winters made her debut in summer stock at age sixteen. She attended Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn. 
She began her career on Broadway understudying Frances Dee in "The Secret Room" (1945). She also played Lady Constance in King John, and toured in such plays as "Detective Story", "The Heiress" and "Dream Girl". She achieved fame for her role in "I Am a Camera" as Natalia Landauer. For this performance she was awarded the 1952 Tony Award as a Best Supporting or Featured Actress. In 1955, she played Gelda in Katharine Cornell's production of "The Dark is Light Enough", a verse drama by Christopher Fry. "Deathtrap", her final play, was the most financially and critically successful (aside from "Auntie Mame"). 
Death.
Her tenure in "Deathtrap" was cut short due to cancer, from which she died on November 3, 1978, aged 54. She was succeeded in her role (Helga Ten Dorp) by Elizabeth Parrish. The role was played by Irene Worth in the film version.
Personal life.
She was married once, but had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="5965553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965553" title="High Performance Magazine">
High Performance Magazine

High Performance was a quarterly arts magazine founded in 1978 and published until 1997. Its editorial mission was to provide support and a critical context for new, innovative and unrecognized work in the arts.
During its publication, "High Performance" was a leader in viewing the arts in the larger context of contemporary life, examining how the arts contribute in addressing social and cultural concerns, and also how those concerns impact the arts. In 1994, "High Performance" received the Alternative Press Award for Cultural Coverage from the Utne Reader, and was nominated three other times for the same award.
Editors and publishers.
Linda Frye Burnham served as the magazine's founding editor from 1978 to 1985. Steven Durland was the editor from 1986 to the present. From 1983 to 1995, "High Performance" was published by Astro Artz (renamed 18th Street Arts Complex in 1990). In July 1995, High Performance was acquired by Art in the Public Interest (API), a new organization formed by Burnham and Durland to research and develop information about artists collaborating with their communities. After a brief hiatus, the magazine renewed publication in early 1996 and published five more issues, but rising costs and an inability to garner needed stabilization funding forced API to cease publication in 1997.
In 1999, Burnham and Durland initiated the Community Arts Network on the Web. Much of the content from High Performance is available on that site.

</doc>
<doc id="5965569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965569" title="André Abegglen">
André Abegglen

André "Trello" Abegglen (7 March 1909 – 8 November 1944) was a Swiss football forward. He played for Grasshopper Club Zürich, the French club FC Sochaux-Montbéliard and the Swiss national team, for whom he appeared in two World Cups. He is the brother of Max Abegglen and Jean Abegglen, both players of the Swiss national team.
In France, with Sochaux, he was the league champion in 1935 and 1938, and was the top goalscorer of the 1935 tournament, with 30 goals in 28 appearances.
Abbeglen played in the 1934 FIFA World Cup, scoring one goal, and in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, where he scored a hat-trick in the first round replay match against Germany, won by Switzerland 4–2. In total, he scored 29 goals in 52 matches for the Swiss team.
He died in 1944, at the age of just 35.

</doc>
<doc id="5965582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965582" title="Bernie Grace">
Bernie Grace

Bernie Grace is a television news reporter, most notably with KARE 11 Minnesota. Early in his career, he was a news director at radio stations in Virginia and Rhode Island. He then worked at television stations in Orlando, Fl, and Richmond, Va. In February 1979 he joined the KARE 11 News Team in Minnesota as a general assignment reporter.
Mr. Grace has received awards from AP, Northwest Broadcast News Association, the Academy of Television of Arts and Sciences (Emmys) and International New York Film Festival. He retired from KARE 11 on July 14, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5965588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965588" title="KPHE-LD">
KPHE-LD

KPHE-LD is a low-power television station in Phoenix, Arizona, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 16 from its transmitter on South Mountain. Founded March 17, 1992, it is owned by Lotus Communications Corporation of Los Angeles, California and is an affiliate of CNN Latino and Telemax.
History.
On March 17, 1992, the FCC granted an original construction permit to build low-power television station K19DD on UHF channel 19 to serve Phoenix and the East Valley. The station was owned by Scottsdale publisher Harlan L. Jacobsen, with transmitter location on Usery Mountain in east Mesa. K19DD was granted an initial license on July 13, 1995, as an affiliate of the Bloomberg Television network. In June 1998, Jacobsen was granted a construction permit to operate an experimental broadcast station using the facilities of K19DD to broadcast in digital format.
In September 1999, Jacobsen sold the station to US Interactive LLC, who soon afterward, changed its call letters to KPHE-LP. In December 2000, the station became part of a pilot program to study the feasibility of using low-power UHF television stations to deliver wireless data services to subscribers. The Digital Data Services Act pilot project was effective from December 2000 through June 2002, during which time, KPHE was unavailable as an over-the-air analog broadcast station.
After the pilot project was complete, KPHE programming consisted of a camera focused on a fish tank. Viewers could watch the fish while music played in the background. That changed in October 2003, when Valley residents Jeff Crawford and Jennifer Harris Crawford leased the station from US Interactive and took over its operations. The Crawfords had been operating a music video service called Bohemia AfterDark since 1982, and launched Bohemia Visual Music (BVM), a 24/7 music video channel.
In January 2004, Lotus Communications Corporation purchased KPHE from US Interactive. The sale was finalized in March, and the station continued to be operated by the Crawfords as Bohemia Visual Music. Lotus had intended to launch family-friendly Spanish-language programming, but the station continued to air Bohemia Visual Music. In March 2005, KPHE moved from channel 19 to channel 44, moved broadcast facilities from Usery Mountain to the South Mountain antenna farm, and upgraded its broadcast signal in preparation for future digital broadcasting.
In July 2006, more than a year after announcing its intention to launch a family-focused station, Lotus replaced Bohemia Visual Music programming, first with a mix of music videos, including recorded worship services, and later, with talk shows and other Bible-based instruction. The new programming was branded TV Inspiración. It was lacking in production values, and had an amateur, almost public-access television cable TV-quality presentation, as evidenced by the station's ID slide (pictured below), which would appear full-screen for a few seconds in the middle of programming. KPHE affiliated with Multimedios in November 2006, while keeping TV Inspiración as secondary programming. In February 2007, KPHE announced that it would carry Spanish-language telecasts of Arizona Diamondbacks Major League Baseball home games, beginning with the 2007 season. Unlike most Spanish-language telecasts, the Diamondbacks games featured a full Spanish-language broadcast, with its own play-by-play, color commentary and on-field announcers. These broadcasts stopped sometime in 2009. In June 2007, the channel started to broadcast half-hour religious programs produced by Zion TV from 11:30 am to 6:00 p.m. Monday-Sunday.
From March, 2009 - June, 2009 KPHE-LD aired Red ADVenir on 44.2, the Spanish-language broadcast arm of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
In August 2010, KPHE-LD started broadcasting programming from My Family TV on 44.4. In June 2012, LarsaVisión replaced "Good News TV in Español" on 44.2 as it moved KTVP-LD 22.4. "Good News TV" then followed moving from 44.3 to 22.1 in July. In April 2013, the station dropped Multimedios programming and became an of CNN Latino. KPHE also began broadcasting a secondary feed of Telemax and local programming on 44.2 when airing CNN Latino on its main channel.
Digital television.
In May 2006, the FCC opened up a brief application period in which low-power television licensees and permittees could apply for a digital companion channel by short form application. KPHE-LP applied for UHF channel 16, to broadcast from the same location as the analog station. In September, the FCC identified the station as a singleton applicant, meaning that there were no competing applications on the same or adjacent channels, and giving the station until October 31 to file a long form application. On October 26, 2006, KPHE-LP formally applied for a digital companion channel on UHF channel 16. The construction permit was granted December 26, 2007.
On March 26, 2009, they turned on their digital signal, KPHE-LD, simulcasting their analog programming through the use of PSIP on channel 44.1.
Programming.
KPHE-LD is an affiliate of CNN Latino a 24-hour NewsChannel with programming from Time Warner-owned CNN en Español and Telemax, a Spanish-language network based in Sonora, Mexico. When not airing CNN Latino and Telemax programming, the station broadcasts locally-produced programming and paid programming. On 44.2 the station broadcasts a secondary feed of Telemax and local programming on when airing CNN Latino the main channel. On 44.4 KPHE broadcasts programming from My Family TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5965593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965593" title="Aminoethylethanolamine">
Aminoethylethanolamine

Aminoethylethanolamine or AEEA is an organic base used in the industrial manufacture of fuel and oil additives, chelating agents and surfactants, among other things.

</doc>
<doc id="5965598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965598" title="T65">
T65

T65 may refer to:<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5965618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965618" title="Ukari Figgs">
Ukari Figgs

Ukari Okien Figgs (born March 31, 1977 in Georgetown, Kentucky) is an American former collegiate and professional women's basketball player.
High School and College years.
Figgs led the Scott County girls' basketball team to a state title in 1995, and she was named Kentucky's Miss Basketball.
Figgs then starred on the women's basketball team at Purdue University, averaging 11.6 points and 3.3 assists in her four-year career. In her senior season, Figgs averaged 16.3 points, 4.5 rebounds and 4.2 assists. Purdue handily won the NCAA Championship handily that year (winning all of its tournament games by a margin of at least 10 points) and Figgs was named Most Outstanding Player of the 1999 NCAA Final Four. Figgs' other accomplishments while at Purdue included making the 1999 All-Big Ten team and the 1998 and 1999 NCAA Regional All-Tournament Teams and winning the 1997 Best Defensive Player award. Figgs graduated from Purdue in 1999 with a degree in mechanical engineering.
WNBA career.
Figgs was selected by the Los Angeles Sparks in the third round (28th overall) of the 1999 WNBA Draft, and played for the Sparks for three seasons, which included a WNBA Championship in 2001. Figgs then played one season each for the Portland Fire and Houston Comets.
Prior to the start of the 2004 season, Figgs retired from the WNBA; she had averaged 6.5 points, 3.1 assists, 2.3 rebounds, and had played in 151 games on three different teams.
Life after the WNBA.
She worked as a production engineer at Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky in her hometown of Georgetown, Kentucky, and as an assistant coach with the boys' varsity basketball team at Scott County High School. Figgs was appointed as an Assistant Coach to Purdue University's women's basketball team on April 13, 2009. On June 6, 2011 it was announced Figg's would become an assistant athletics director for women's basketball at the University of Kentucky.
On November 1, 2013, Figgs announced that she was leaving UK to return to Toyota in Georgetown as an engineer. She cited the need to spend more time with her family as the reason for this move. 

</doc>
<doc id="5965634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965634" title="Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada">
Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada

The Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada (or TSFC) is a Canadian voluntary organization based in Toronto, Ontario. It was formed in 1976, and is dedicated to improving the quality of life for those with or affected by Tourette syndrome through programs of education, advocacy, self-help and the promotion of research. It has chapters in six Canadian provinces.
The foundation is notable for its publications, including an educator's handbook and the 2004 film "Circle of Support", which had its premiere at the National Film Board of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5965648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965648" title="Peace Circle">
Peace Circle

Peace Circle is a traffic circle in Washington, D.C., located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and First Street NW. At its center is the Peace Monument, also known as the Naval Memorial. It is a monument to the naval deaths during the American Civil War. The monument is topped by the allegorical sculptures of Grief and History. On the southwest side facing the United States Capitol there is a figure of Peace, and on the northwest side, there are figures of Victory and the babies Mars and Neptune. The monument is located on Capitol grounds adjacent to the Capitol Reflection Pool. The monument was sculpted by Franklin Simmons and completed in 1878. The monument was restored in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="5965663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965663" title="La dama de rosa">
La dama de rosa

La dama de rosa (English: "The Lady in Pink") (1986) is a successful Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión.
Jeannette Rodríguez and Carlos Mata starred as the main protagonists.
It was written by José Ignacio Cabrujas and directed by Luis Manzo and Tito Rojas. This telenovela lasted 144 episodes and it achieved a significant amount of success inside and outside Venezuela. It was distributed internationally by RCTV International. 
"La dama de rosa" was remade by RCTV in 1997 under the name "Cambio de Piel".
Synopsis.
Gabriela Suárez, a theater student and cheerleader for a basketball team begins a job at a carwash in order to help out her family - her father has just died and she is the eldest of her siblings. The carwash is owned by a famous businessman, Tito Clemente, who will meet Gabriela and have a short but passionate affair with her. Gabriela, however, is falsely accused of drug trafficking and ends up in jail, with a 15-year sentence. Tito abandons her due to her bad luck, choosing to ignore the fact that she is expecting his child. In jail, Gabriela plots her escape, something she pulls off after having served seven years behind bars. Only one objective drives her existence: revenge against the man who ruined her life, Tito Clemente. To achieve her purpose, she changes her name and her physical appearance and manages to reintroduce herself into the life of Tito, making him fall in love with her all over again.

</doc>
<doc id="5965670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965670" title="Andrea Falconieri">
Andrea Falconieri

Andrea Falconieri (1585 or 1586 – 1656), also known as Falconiero, was an Italian composer and lutenist from Naples. He resided in Parma from 1604 until 1614, and later moved to Rome, and then back to his native Naples, where in 1647 he became "meastro di cappella" at the royal chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="5965687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965687" title="Ana Rezende">
Ana Rezende

Ana Maria de Rezende Versiani dos Anjos (born March 19, 1983) is a film director and guitar player for the Brazilian indie-electro band CSS.
Rezende is responsible for the direction of CSS's first music video in Brazil, "Off The Hook", filmed at Adriano Cintra's and Carolina Parra's house, and is also the other half of the DJ-duo MeuKu along with fellow CSS bandmate Luiza Sá.

</doc>
<doc id="5965702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965702" title="Glenn Howerton">
Glenn Howerton

Glenn Franklin Howerton III (born April 13, 1976) is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as Dennis Reynolds on the FX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", for which he is also a writer and executive producer.
Early life.
Howerton was born in Japan, the son of American parents Janice and Glenn Franklin Howerton Jr., a fighter pilot. He grew up in Alabama, London, and South Korea. After graduating from Jefferson Davis High School in Montgomery, Alabama, he spent two years at New World School of the Arts in Miami, Florida. He was part of Group 29 of the Juilliard School's Drama Division (19962000), where he graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts. While earning his degree, he worked as a drama teacher at French Woods Festival of the Performing Arts in Hancock, New York.
Career.
In 2003, Howerton guest starred on "ER" as Dr. Nick Cooper. He had small roles in the films "Serenity" (2005), "Must Love Dogs" (2005), "Two Weeks" (2006), and "The Strangers" (2008). He also appeared as a doctor in "Crank" (2006), and reprised the role in "". He planned to be executive producing a new show, "Boldly Going Nowhere" (which has since been shelved), with his "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" co-creators. He had a recurring voice role on "The Cleveland Show" as Ernie, and had a recurring role as an attorney on Fox series "The Mindy Project". He starred in "Everything Must Go" (2010).
Howerton has most recently starred in the TV hit Fargo.
Personal life.
On September 8, 2009, Howerton married actress Jill Latiano, who guest starred on an episode of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" ("The D.E.N.N.I.S. System"). In 2011, Latiano gave birth to their son, Miles.

</doc>
<doc id="5965717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965717" title="KNM WT 17000">
KNM WT 17000

KNM WT 17000 (AKA "The Black Skull") is a fossilized skull of the species "Paranthropus aethiopicus". It was discovered in West Turkana, Kenya by Alan Walker in 1985.
It is estimated to be 2.5 million years old.
It is an adult with an estimated cranial capacity of 410 cc.
Its characteristics include a robust build with a prominent sagittal crest. Its coloration is due to the high manganese content of the material it was embedded in.

</doc>
<doc id="5965719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965719" title="Electronic retailing self-regulation program">
Electronic retailing self-regulation program

The Electronic Retailing Self-Regulation Program (ERSP) is a self-regulatory program created in 2004 by American business organizations to promote consumer confidence. ERSP is a program of the Electronic Retailing Association in conjunction with the National Advertising Review Council (NARC) and administered by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. The mission of the program is to enhance consumer confidence in electronic retailing, by providing a forum to self-regulate direct response advertising.
ERSP was created for several reasons, to: improve consumer confidence in electronic retailing; demonstrate the strong commitment of this industry to effective self-regulation; provide a quick and efficient mechanism for review of high-profile advertising (such as weight-loss advertising) and affecting the discontinuance of advertising containing egregious claims. ERSP investigates the truth and accuracy of claims in direct response advertising from inquiries brought to ERSP’s attention through competitor’s challenges, consumer’s concerns, or through ERSP’s ongoing monitoring program. Working as a voluntary program, ERSP is an efficient and useful tool to assist direct response marketers with timely and cost effective measures to minimize government interference and increase consumer confidence. 
The direct response industry includes long-form (infomercial) productions, short-form commercials, live home shopping channels, print advertising, Internet marketing, cell phone advertising, broadband channels, and radio advertising. Anything that has a direct link to the marketer: either a 1-800 number, email, or website is within ERSP’s purview.
ERSP inquires about the evidentiary support that a marketer possesses for product claims communicated through any form of direct-response advertising. Advertising claims come to ERSP’s attention through competitive challenges and ERSP’s ongoing monitoring program. 
Among the most significant benefits afforded by this program are:<br>
• speed – the ERSP mandate is to resolve all inquiries within 60 calendar days<br>
• cost –low cost alternative to litigation <br>
• burden of proof – ERSP does not require that injury to a consumer be proven as may be required by law and<br> 
• confidentiality – a company may bring cases anonymously to ERSP and, conversely, any proprietary information submitted confidentially will remain so in an ERSP challenge.<br>
The 60-day structure of this program is vital in limiting marketer inconvenience, but comprehensive enough to provide a thorough review. The success of the program lies in the voluntary participation by direct response marketers and the nature of the self-regulatory format. With the beneficial nature of this format for the electronic retailing industry, ERSP looks forward to not only continuing its monitoring program but to addressing the challenges brought by both consumers and competitors of electronic marketing.
Core claims at issue in an ERSP inquiry might include:
• Establishment Claims (“Clinically proven”)<br>
• Performance Claims (how well a product performs)<br>
• Testimonials (Anecdotal tales from consumers about their results with the product)<br>
• Weight Loss Claims<br>
• Health and Safety<br>
• Disclosures<br>
• Before and After Photographs<br>
• Puffery<br>
• Comparative Claims
ERSP opened its first case in August 2004.
How the ERSP Process Works.
ERSP details its concerns in an initial letter of inquiry and the marketer is given 15 calendar days to respond to ERSP with substantiation for the issues raised. ERSP then has 15 calendar days to ask the marketer for more information regarding its submission. Upon receipt of that request the marketer has 10 days to answer ERSP’s questions, and upon receipt of that, ERSP has 15 calendar days to reach a decision. 
If a marketer does not respond to the initial inquiry letter by ERSP, a press release summarizing the claims at issue and announcing a 10-calendar-day response for the marketer is released.
ERSP Determinations – What to Expect.
Participants in an ERSP review can anticipate one of three results:
• ERSP determines that the core claims at issue are supported by reasonable evidence. <br>
• ERSP recommends the marketer modify core claims.<br>
• ERSP determines there is no support for the claims at issue and recommends that the advertiser pull the advertisement.
ERSP also refers marketers to the appropriate regulatory agency if they fail to respond or refuse to comply with ERSP’s findings. Compliance inquiries are also conducted to confirm compliance with ERSP recommendations.<br>
Consumer complaints can be sent into ERSP via this complaint form.<br>
Copies of previous ERSP case reports are located here.

</doc>
<doc id="5965723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965723" title="Three Lions (video game)">
Three Lions (video game)

Three Lions is a video game developed by Z‑Axis, Ltd and published by Take-Two Interactive around the game of football (soccer). It was released for the PC, PlayStation and Game Boy Color on 17 April 1998 as the official video game of the English Football Association. It is also known as "Alexi Lalas International Soccer" (in the U.S.), "Golden Goal 98", "Bomba:98" and "Mundial:98", depending on the region it was published.

</doc>
<doc id="5965725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965725" title="Batcave (disambiguation)">
Batcave (disambiguation)

The Batcave is Batman's secret hideout.
Batcave or Bat Cave may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965726" title="World Mixed Pairs Championship">
World Mixed Pairs Championship

The World Mixed Pairs Championship is a bridge championship for mixed-gender pairs held every four years as part of the World Bridge Championships.
Results.
World meets commonly run for 15 days on a schedule whose details vary.
In 2006 the Mixed Pairs played Saturday to Monday, the first three days of the meet, with no other events underway. There were three qualifier and three final sessions with a consolation event ("Plate") during the last two sessions. Contemporary coverage lists 481 pairs in the qualifying stage; 182 in the final stage; 238 and 232 pairs in the two-session Plate on the third day, or almost 80% of the non-qualifiers.
The latest champions Donna Compton and Fulvio Fantoni are the first transnational winners. United States pairs have won seven of 12 tournaments. Sabine Zenkel of Germany won medals three times in a row, 1994 to 2002, but no player has won twice.
Five champions have also won the Open or Women Pairs: Mary Jane Farell, Kerri Shuman, Karen McCallum, Jeff Meckstroth, and Fulvio Fantoni. At one meet the best performances are Joan Durran winning gold and silver in 1966, Marcin Leśniewski gold and bronze in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5965730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965730" title="Achladia (disambiguation)">
Achladia (disambiguation)

Achladia (, meaning "pear tree"), other forms Achladea, Ahladia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965743" title="Garfinckel's">
Garfinckel's

Garfinckel's was a prominent department store chain based in Washington, D.C. that catered to a clientele of wealthy consumers. It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June 1990 and ceased operations that year.
History.
This retail mercantile business was founded in 1905, as Julius Garfinkel & Co. by Julius Garfinckel (1872–1936), originally employing 10 clerks. In 1946, it acquired the men's specialty retailer, Brooks Brothers and in 1950, De Pinna. It formed the national retail conglomerate, Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc., after acquisition of the Miller & Rhoads chain in 1967. In 1977, the conglomerate acquired the Ann Taylor women's fashion store chain. In 1981, the conglomerate consisted of close to 190 stores in seven chains. That same year, Allied Stores acquired Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. for $228 million. In 1986, Campeau Corp. acquired Allied, and in turn sold the Garfinkel's chain to locally owned Raleigh's for $95 million, forming Garfinkel's, Raleigh's & Co.
Garfinkel's grew and expanded into a chain of stores, but was eventually pushed into financial collapse due to a series of mergers and acquisitions. On June 21, 1990, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy by its chairman and CEO George P. Kelly and went out of business.
Flagship store.
In 1918, the store was located at 13th and F Streets. An eight-story department store building was erected at the northwest corner of 14th and F Streets, across from the Willard Hotel, and opened in 1929. The $2,000,000 structure was designed by architects Starrett & van Vleck of New York. By 1936, there were more than 500 employees.
In 1995, the historic Garfinckel's flagship store located at 1401 F Street, NW, Washington, which is one block from the Treasury Department and less than two blocks from the White House, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. From 1997 to 1999, the property was redeveloped into a modern office building and shopping center that is referred to as Hamilton Square.
Garfinckel's flagship store reputation was not without controversy. It was both widely known and acknowledged that blacks were not welcome at the flagship store and in fact, were not permitted to try on clothing. This may in fact have hurt the store during the latter part of the 20th century; newly-prosperous blacks may have been inclined to ignore the store.
Branch stores.
Unlike its local retail competitors, the Hecht Company, Woodward & Lothrop, and Lord & Taylor, Garfinkel's did not open numerous suburban locations during the heyday of the 1950s and 1960s. The first suburban store was an original anchor at the Seven Corners Shopping Center upon opening in 1956. After that, its Montgomery Mall store opened in 1968. It also operated a Spring Valley Shopping Center store in the Spring Valley section of Washington, D.C., at 4820 Massachusetts Avenue. This was followed by store openings in May 1970, a location at Tyson's Corner Center; a location at Landover Mall on May 11, 1972; and a second hotel location - a store in the Washington Hilton, opened July 1972. The Springfield Mall store opened in January 1973.
Convinced that the company had expanded enough and that the premiere downtown location would continue to prosper, Garfinkel's did not expand again until the early-1980s. Stores opened in the early 1980s at Annapolis Mall, Fair Oaks Mall, and a store at The Shops at Georgetown Park. These would be the last new Garfinkel's suburban locations. After allowing its lease to expire at the Tyson's Corner store at the end of 1988, Garfinkel's announced plans to open a second downtown Washington store at 1130 Connecticut Ave, NW; then the site of a temporary Raleigh's location. Nine locations were in operation at the time of filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1990.
The Garfinckel's Department Store Records are held at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="5965747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965747" title="Closing In on the Fire">
Closing In on the Fire

Closing In on the Fire is an album by Waylon Jennings, released on the small Ark 21 Records label on June 16, 1998. It features contributions from several celebrities associated with both country and rock music. The selections include, among others, Sting's "She's Too Good for Me" and Tony Joe White's title track, creating a greater degree of musical eclecticism than in many previous Jennings releases. The singer incorporated elements of genres such as blues and rock, in addition to traditional country ballads. "Best Friends of Mine", an autobiographical song, is a tribute to Buddy Holly, Hank Williams, Jr. and one of Jennings' close friends from his days in Phoenix. Carl Smith, one of the performer's idols, appears on "Untitled Waltz". In an interview, the singer mentioned that he wasn't fully satisfied with his take on The Rolling Stones' "No Expectations", calling it ""a little more contrived than I would have liked"". An interview featuring Jennings commenting on the record is included as a bonus track. "Closing In on the Fire", Jennings' 72nd release, reached #71 on the country charts and was the last studio album by the singer to be released before his death in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5965752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965752" title="Protection of Wrecks Act 1973">
Protection of Wrecks Act 1973

The Protection of Wrecks Act 1973 (c. 33) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which provides protection for designated shipwrecks. Section 1 of the act provides for wrecks to be designated because of historical, archaeological or artistic value. Section 2 provides for designation of dangerous sites. Wreck sites must have a known location in order to be designated. Designated wrecks are marked on admiralty charts and their physical location is sometimes marked by means of a buoy (sea mark). Information boards are often provided at nearby launch points on land.
Wrecks designated by virtue of historical, archaeological or artistic value.
It is a criminal offence to interfere with a wreck designated under section 1 of the act without a licence. Navigation, angling and bathing are permitted provided this will not interfere with the wreck. A licence is required to dive the wreck site. Separate licences are required for any disturbance, such as recovery of artifacts or underwater excavation. Licences to survey, visit etc. can be obtained by applying online to English Heritage, to Cadw, and Historic Scotland.
Anchoring on the wreck site is also not permitted except in accordance with licensed activities. The area designated may extend beyond the visible remains.
Designation and licensing under section 1 of the act is managed by English Heritage, Cadw and Historic Scotland.
The first wreck to be designated was the Cattewater Wreck at Plymouth, in 1973. As of July 2007 there were 60 wreck sites under current protection under section 1 of the act. Two sites that had at some point been designated have subsequently been revoked.
Identifying protected wreck sites.
All protected wrecks are listed in the annual Admiralty Notices to Mariners and are marked on United Kingdom Hydrographic Office charts. A statutory instrument shows the location of the site and also the extent of the restricted protected area. This is often done using a buoy, (usually yellow and inscribed 'Protected Wreck') although sites that are close to the shore may have notices on land which not only serve to warn, but often also describe why the wreck is important (e.g. on the National Trust path at the Salcombe Moor Sand / Salcombe Cannon site).
Despite this, criminal damage to protected wrecks is reported frequently. Artefacts from the site of the British warship "HMS "Coronation"", off Penlee Point, were allegedly stolen in 2011, and arrests were made in April 2011 over thefts from the warship HMS "London".
Wrecks designated as dangerous.
As of July 2008, only two wrecks are designated as dangerous under section 2 of the act. These are the SS "Richard Montgomery" (designated in 1973), and the SS "Castilian" (designated in 1997). The MV "Braer" was also protected from 1993, until the order was revoked in 1994. Designation provides for an exclusion zone for all activities around the wreck. Diving is strictly prohibited on these dangerous wrecks. Designation and control under section 2 of the act is managed by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency.
Wrecks protected by other means.
A number of wreck sites have been protected under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 as maritime scheduled ancient monuments. These are:
All wrecked aircraft and a number of designated military shipwrecks are protected as military maritime graves, i.e. war graves under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. This is administered by the UK Ministry of Defence.
Maritime sites other than wrecks, such as fish traps, may also be protected by scheduling.
Lists of wrecks.
There are currently (2011) 61 historic protected wreck sites designated in the UK, although this is only a tiny fragment of the wrecks that are known to exist. There are 46 in English waters and fifteen in Scottish waters - eight of these are designated under the 1973 Act, whilst the remains of the German High Seas Fleet are protected under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979.
There is a searchable list of all protected wreck sites in England available online using the National Heritage List for England. A map of the sites in Scotland is available through Historic Scotland, whilst Cadw has a list on its website.
Falkland Islands protected wrecks.
On 7 July 1977 the legislature of the overseas territory of the Falkland Islands passed an ordinance similar to the UK Protection of Wrecks Act, allowing for the protection of wrecks in colonial waters that are either of historical, archaeological or artistic importance (section 3), or are dangerous (section 4). On 20 October 1983, an order was passed under the ordinance, designating the areas around the wrecks of HMS "Ardent" and HMS "Antelope", lying in Falkland Sound and San Carlos Water, respectively as prohibited places under section 4. On the 3 November 2006, an order came into force to designate the area around the wreck of HMS "Coventry" as a restricted area. These three ships had been sunk during the Falklands War.

</doc>
<doc id="5965755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965755" title="Morning Heroes">
Morning Heroes

Morning Heroes is a choral symphony by the English composer Arthur Bliss. The work received its first performance at the Norwich Festival on 22 October 1930, with Basil Maine as the speaker/orator. Written in the aftermath of World War I, in which Bliss had performed military service, Bliss inscribed the dedication as follows:
"To the Memory of my brother Francis Kennard Bliss and all other Comrades killed in battle"
The work sets various poems:
The extracts are spoken by a narrator and sung by a large choir. Juxtaposing the harsh images of trench warfare with the epic heroes of Ancient Greece, the parallels Bliss draws are essentially romantic, and the work as a whole has been criticised as being rather complacent. Bliss himself said that he suffered from a repeating nightmare about his war experiences and that the composition of "Morning Heroes" helped to exorcise this.
Movements.
The work falls into five sections, in the structure of a palindrome, with the first movement acting as a prologue, then fast, slow, and fast movements, and the final movement acting as an epilogue. The work includes the respective texts.:

</doc>
<doc id="5965764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965764" title="Snapper (video game)">
Snapper (video game)

Snapper is a computer game written by Jonathan Griffiths for the BBC Micro and released as one of the launch titles for Acornsoft in 1982. It was later released as one of Acornsoft's launch titles for the Acorn Electron in 1983.
The game is a faithful clone of the Namco arcade game "Pac-Man". In development, the game was titled "Puc Man" (the first Japanese title of the arcade game was "Puck Man") but the name was changed before release to avoid legal action. However, the initial release of the game was so close to "Pac-Man" (including the design of the game's characters) that this version had to be withdrawn and re-released with the characters changed. The player's character became a round yellow face with very short legs wearing a green cowboy hat and the ghosts became skinny humanoid monsters.
As in "Pac-Man", bonus items such as fruit would sometimes appear in the centre of the screen. The highest-scoring bonus item was an acorn, a reference to the publishers. When Snapper was killed, he would shrink and turn into small lines pointing in all directions.
The main difference in gameplay between "Pac-Man" and "Snapper" is the behaviour of the ghosts (or monsters). In "Pac-Man", each ghost has its own personality and follows set patterns for each level. The red ghost also travels at double speed after a certain number of dots are eaten. In "Snapper", the monsters begin each level by patrolling their corners a set number of times before breaking from their route to chase the Snapper. The time before breaking the route is reduced for each level until on later levels, the monsters chase Snapper almost immediately. The only real difference between the monsters is the corner they patrol and how soon they break from their route (e.g. the red ghost is always the first). Also, in "Pac-Man", the main character slows when eating dots (so ghosts can catch up to him) but this does not happen in "Snapper". These changes lead to a game which is much easier in the early levels but gets progressively more difficult so games tend to last longer.
The game ran very smoothly, making it a popular release of the time. As it was written in machine code, rather than BASIC, it was much closer to the arcade version than earlier commercial releases on the BBC Micro such as Micro Power's "Munchyman".

</doc>
<doc id="5965770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965770" title="Vilmos Kohut">
Vilmos Kohut

Vilmos "Willy" Kohut (17 July 1906 – 18 February 1986) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a Striker for the Ferencvárosi TC, French team Olympique Marseille and the Hungarian national team. Kohut got 25 caps and 14 goals for the Hungarian national team between 1925 and 1938. He represented his country at the 1938 FIFA World Cup and scored 1 goal in 2 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="5965799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965799" title="Frederick Cawley, 1st Baron Cawley">
Frederick Cawley, 1st Baron Cawley

Frederick Cawley, 1st Baron Cawley PC, JP (9 October 1850 – 30 March 1937), known as Sir Frederick Cawley, Bt, between 1906 and 1918, was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician. A wealthy cotton merchant, he represented Prestwich in parliament between 1895 and 1918 and served as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1916 and 1918. Created a baronet in 1906, he was ennobled as Baron Cawley in 1918.
Background and education.
Cawley was born at Priestlands, Bunbury, Cheshire, the son of Thomas Cawley by Harriet Bird, daughter of Samuel Bird, of Beeston Hall, Cheshire. He was educated at Aldersey School, Bunbury, and at Wesley College, Sheffield.
Political career.
Cawley was involved in the Lancashire cotton industry, which made him a wealthy man. At the 1895 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament for Prestwich, a seat he held until 1918. In 1916 he was admitted to the Privy Council and appointed Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the war-time coalition of David Lloyd George, a post he held until 1918. He was also appointed to the Dardanelles Commission. Cawley was created a Baronet, of Prestwich in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in 1906, and was raised to the peerage as Baron Cawley, of Prestwich in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in 1918. He was also a Justice of the Peace for Herefordshire.
Family.
Lord Cawley married Elizabeth Smith, daughter of John Smith, in 1876. They had four sons, of whom the three youngest, Harold, John and Oswald, were killed in the First World War, and one daughter, Hilda Cawley. In memory of his three dead sons, Cawley endowed a ward at Ancoats Hospital, Manchester, in 1919 at a cost of £10,000.
In 1901 Cawley acquired the estate of Berrington Hall near Leominster in Herefordshire, which had previously been in the hands of the Rodney family. This was the family seat until 1957, when it was handed over to the government in lieu of death duties, and it is now in the care of the National Trust. Lady Cawley died in March 1930. Lord Cawley died at Berrington Hall in March, 1937, aged 86, and was succeeded in the baronetcy and barony by his eldest and only surviving son, Robert.

</doc>
<doc id="5965800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965800" title="Centurians of Rome">
Centurians of Rome

Plot.
Demetrius and Octavius are Roman countrymen sold into slavery for not paying their taxes during Emperor Caligula's reign. Demetrius is purchased by the Emperor and taught to be a "good slave" by Argus while Octavius is claimed by a sadistic commander. The commander wants the bound Demetrius but is refused. Octavius sneaks in while the guards are asleep and frees Demetrius.
Behind the scenes.
Claiming to be one of the most expensive gay films of its time (nearly $100,000 to produce), "Centurians of Rome" is famous for reportedly having been financed from a 1980 theft of almost $2 million by a Brink's security guard. Lloyd's of London, an insurer of Brinks, thus became one of the co-owners of the film on a technicality. 

</doc>
<doc id="5965806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965806" title="Iracema Trevisan">
Iracema Trevisan

Iracema Trevisan Carneiro (born September 28, 1981 in Poços de Caldas, Minas Gerais), also known as Ira, was the bassist for Brazilian indie-electro band CSS.
She studied fashion design at college and worked as style assistant for designer Alexandre Herchcovitch in São Paulo.
She left the band in April 2008. Now living in Paris, Iracema continues her career as a fashion designer, as part of the IFM fashion design program.

</doc>
<doc id="5965809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965809" title="Little v. Barreme">
Little v. Barreme

Little v. Barreme, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court found that the President of the United States does not have "inherent authority" or "inherent powers" which allow him to ignore a law passed by the United States Congress.
Summary.
A Presidential executive order was invalidated because the President was operating outside of his express Congressional authority.
Facts.
The case arose out of "an interesting and revealing incident" that occurred during the "Quasi War" with France at the end of the 18th century. The frigate USS "Boston" commanded by captain George Little captured a Danish vessel, the "Flying Fish", under orders of the Secretary of the Navy on behalf of President John Adams "to intercept any suspected American ship sailing "to" or "from" a French port." The Congress, however, had passed a law authorizing the navy to seize "vessels or cargoes are apparently, as well as really, American" and "bound or sailing to any [French port" in an attempt to prevent American vessels transporting goods to France. The "Flying Fish" was sailing from and not to a French port. Captain Little was declared to be liable for executing a command that was illegal in nature. Little appealed to the Supreme Court, where the decision was upheld.
Holding.
No, an order of the President which is in contradiction with an act of Congress is illegally put forth.
Reasoning.
The legislative branch makes laws and the executive branch enforces the laws. The Act of Congress only provided for the capture of vessels traveling to France. "The Flying Fish was on a voyage from, not to, a French port, and was therefore, had she even been an American vessel, not liable to capture on the high seas." The Act limited the president’s authority by only allowing the capture of certain vessels. The President acted contrary to these limitations.

</doc>
<doc id="5965810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965810" title="INRegistry">
INRegistry

INRegistry is the organisation responsible for the .in TLD. It was appointed by the government of India, and operates the authority of NIXI, the National Internet eXchange of India.
History.
Most countries have their own Top Level Domain. The INRegistry has been created by NIXI, the National Internet Exchange of India. NIXI is a Not-for-Profit Company under Section 25 of the Indian Companies Act, 1956, with the objective of facilitating improved Internet services in the country.
Under NIXI, the INRegistry functions as an autonomous body with primary responsibility for maintaining the .in ccTLD and ensuring its operational stability, reliability, and security. It will implement the various elements of the new policy set out by the Government of India and its Ministry of Communications and Information Technology, Department of Information Technology.
The Government decided to revamp the administration of the .in TLD in late 2004. INRegistry has assumed responsibility for the registry from the previous registry authority, The National Centre for Software Technology (NCST) and its Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC). This change was announced via an executive order through a gazette notification issued by the Department of Information Technology (DIT), Government of India, according a legal status to the INRegistry. This announcement also mentioned the role of the National Informatics Centre (NIC) as the registrar for gov.in domains, ERNET as the registrar for res.in and ac.in domains, and the Ministry of Defence as the registrar for mil.in domains.
INRegistry does not carry out registrations itself. Instead, it accredits registrars through an open process of selection on the basis of transparent eligibility criteria.
Domains.
The registry has formulated new policies for the registration and administration of .in domain names. The goal is to make .in domain names easier to use, and a way of making the Internet available to more Indian citizens. These policies generally took effect January 1, 2005.
Prices.
Accredited registrars are free to set whatever retail prices they wish.
Available names.
Unlimited registrations are available in the following zones. Registration is available freely to all parties worldwide, and there are no nexus or other qualifications:
Six zones are reserved for use by qualified institutions in India:

</doc>
<doc id="5965826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965826" title="Robert Aldous">
Robert Aldous

Robert Aldous (born 1934 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England) is an English stage and television actor.
Aldous studied at RADA and went on to perform in the West End in plays including "The School for Scandal" and "The Wind in the Willows". On television he has appeared in Allo 'Allo", "Softly, Softly", "Jeeves and Wooster" and "She Stoops to Conquer".
More minor television roles include performances in "Dad's Army", "Probation Officer", "The Golden Spur", "Captain Moonlight", "The First Churchills", "Special Branch", "Doctor Who", "Warship", "Crossroads", "The Bill", "The Face of the Enemy" and "Z Cars".
His most recent work includes "Enemy of the People" and "Peter Pan" at the Royal National Theatre. He also appeared in the Sean Bean film "Extremely Dangerous".

</doc>
<doc id="5965829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965829" title="List of desiccants">
List of desiccants

A desiccant is a substance that absorbs water. It is most commonly used to remove humidity that would normally degrade or even destroy products sensitive to moisture.
List of desiccants:

</doc>
<doc id="5965833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965833" title="Błotniak">
Błotniak

Błotniak (Polish for "Harrier") is a one-man wet cabin underwater craft designed in Poland in 1978. It was based in the torpedo research centre in Gdynia (commonly called Formoza). 

</doc>
<doc id="5965835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965835" title="Steve Harkness">
Steve Harkness

Steven "Steve" Harkness (born 27 August 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder from 1989 to 2002.
He notably had spells in the Premier League with Liverpool as well as playing in Portugal with Benfica. He also played in the Football League with Carlisle United, Huddersfield Town, Southend United, Blackburn Rovers, Sheffield Wednesday and Chester City.
Playing career.
Carlisle United.
A defender or midfielder, most comfortable at left-back but able to play in a range of positions, he began his career with his hometown club, Carlisle United, signing professional forms on 31 March 1989. After just 13 games for the Cumbrians he impressed sufficiently to be signed by Liverpool.
Liverpool.
He joined under manager Kenny Dalglish on 17 July 1989 for £75,000. At this time Liverpool were still the dominant side England as holders of the FA Cup and having not finished lower than champions or runners-up in the First Division since 1981.
However, Harkness did not walk straight into the first team at Anfield, as David Burrows was the club's first choice left-back. By the time Dalglish resigned on 22 February 1991, Harkness had been at Liverpool for 19 months but had still yet to make his competitive debut. Dalglish was succeeded by Graeme Souness as Liverpool manager and it was Souness who gave Harkness his Liverpool debut, two years after arriving, in the 1–0 league win over Queens Park Rangers at Anfield on 27 August 1991 – his 20th birthday. His first goal for the Reds did not come until the 29 April 1995 in the 2–1 league win against Norwich City, on Carrow Road.
Harkness suffered a broken leg in Liverpool's 1–0 league defeat at Coventry City on 6 April 1996 and was out of action for nearly a year afterwards. He missed the 1996 FA Cup Final, which Liverpool lost 1–0 to Manchester United, and also missed the bulk of the 1996–97 season, in which Liverpool frequently led the Premier League until being leapfrogged by Manchester United in late January and were ultimately unable to stop their north-west rivals from retaining the league title.
He was a favourite amongst many of the Liverpool supporters but never established himself as a first-team regular, making 140 appearances in his 6 years at the club. He was sent out on loan twice during his Anfield career, firstly to Huddersfield Town, where he played 6 times and also Southend United, where he, again, played 6 times.He remained at Anfield until 1999 but was one of the first victims of the Houllier revolution.
His period at Liverpool was marred by him becoming the first player to be reported to the FA for racist abuse. Stan Collymore alleged that during a 1998 match for Aston Villa against Liverpool, Harkness subjected him to a 10-minute barrage of insults pertaining to his mixed-race heritage. Harkness denied the allegations. 
Benfica and Blackburn Rovers.
He left Anfield to join up with old manager Graeme Souness at Benfica on 9 March 1999 for £750,000 – He only lasted five months in Portugal, however, before Brian Kidd paid £400,000 to bring him to Blackburn Rovers on 26 August 1999 – three months after their relegation from the Premier League and one day before Harkness's 28th birthday.
He made his debut for Rovers on 6 November 1999 in the 2–2 league draw with Ipswich Town – the first game after Brian Kidd was sacked and long-serving coach Tony Parkes put in charge – at Ewood Park. His former Liveprool and Benfica manager Graeme Souness was appointed as Blackburn's manager on 15 March 2000.
Sheffield Wednesday.
After a disappointing year, which saw Blackburn finish mid-table in the First Division, he was allowed to join Sheffield Wednesday for £200,000 after just 21 appearances; just like Blackburn when Harkness had joined them a year earlier, Wednesday had just been relegated from the Premier League. His Owls debut came on 30 September 2000 in the 2–0 league defeat to Gillingham at the Priestfield Stadium.
His two years at Hillsborough were plagued by injury, however, and he only managed 32 appearances in that time, and scored once against Birmingham City. It was not a successful time for the Owls, who narrowly avoided relegation to Division Two in both of his seasons there and would go down the following year.
Chester City.
He moved to Chester on a free transfer on 11 July July 2002, playing under former team-mate Mark Wright, but he was forced to retire on 2 November of that year, aged 31, having played just 10 times.

</doc>
<doc id="5965836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965836" title="Giovanni Santi">
Giovanni Santi

Giovanni Santi (c. 1435 – 1 August 1494) was an Italian painter, decorator, and the father of Raphael. He was born at Colbordolo in the Duchy of Urbino. He was a petty merchant for a time; he then studied under Piero della Francesca. He was influenced by Fiorenzo di Lorenzo, and seems to have been an assistant and friend of Melozzo da Forlì. He was court painter to the Duke of Urbino and painted several altarpieces, two now in the Berlin Museum, a Madonna in the church of San Francesco in Urbino, one at the church of Santa Croce in Fano, one in the National Gallery at London, and another in the gallery at Urbino; an Annunciation at the Brera in Milan; a resurrected Christ in the Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; and a Jerome in the Lateran. He died in Urbino.
Poetry and list of 15th-century painters.
His poetry includes an epic in honor of one of his patrons, Federico III da Montefeltro, Duke of Urbino, followed a discourse on painting. The event commemorates a visit to Mantua, where the Duke marveled at the skill of Andrea Mantegna, he then goes on to comment that "In this splendid and gentle art/ so many have been famous in our century/ that it make others seem destitute".
Santi then goes on to list famous names in painting, as known to him, this constitutes a remarkable concise list of 27 prominent painters of late 15th-century Italy and the Flanders, as one painter would have known. Santi's list reproduced in no order:

</doc>
<doc id="5965852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965852" title="Michèle Cournoyer">
Michèle Cournoyer

Michèle Cournoyer (born 1943 in Saint-Joseph-de-Sorel, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian animator.
Cournoyer studied graphic arts, photography and animation in Quebec, England and Italy. During the 1970s she worked as a set designer, art director, costume designer and screenwriter for several Quebec-based film companies. 
Cournoyer won the NFB French Animation and Youth Studio's 9th Cinéaste recherché competition in 1989. The prize money from the award allowed her to make the animated short "A Feather Tale" ("La basse cour", 1992). 
Confrontational relationships between women and men are a common theme in her work, which also tend towards the surrealistic. While she has experimented with computerization in such works as "An Artist" (1994), Cournoyer usually uses traditional animation methods.

</doc>
<doc id="5965860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965860" title="Abigail (telenovela)">
Abigail (telenovela)

Abigail (1988-1989) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by Elizabeth Alezard, Alberto Gómez, Mariana Luján, Amparo Montalva, and María Helena Portas and directed by Tito Rojas. This telenovela lasted 257 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Synopsis.
Abigail, an exceptionally beautiful schoolgirl, vents her mischievousness on her professors and nuns, causing continual distractions. Her conduct is a reflection of a discontented life. Her mother died when Abigail was very young. Her father, wealthy and flirtatious, has time only for business and women - and none for Abigail.
One of Abigail’s desires is to capture the affections of her literature professor, Carlos Alfredo Ruiz, an intelligent young man, handsome and advanced in his studies, but beneath Abigail’s social class. Abigail’s rival for Carlos Alfredo’s love is Maria Clara Martinez, who is a fine woman, more suitable for him. Carlos Alfredo holds onto this attachment to avoid being snared by Abigail’s amorous designs. This is the background for the tumultuous saga Abigail faces: tormented love, and unhappy marriage, insanity, her adored child, uncaring relatives, and most important of all her untiring love for Carlos Alfredo.
Theme song.
The theme songs to "Abigail" were:
1. ""De carne y hueso"" - Pedro Pardo.
2. ""Selva"" - Elisa Rego (author: Jose Ignasio Martin).
3. ""Blanco y Negro"" Elisa Rego (author: Jose Ignasio Martin).

</doc>
<doc id="5965876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965876" title="Morton Estrin">
Morton Estrin

Morton Estrin, the noted American pianist, was born in Burlington, Vermont in 1923. His career began in 1949 with a well-received recital at Town Hall. He studied with the noted teacher Vera Maurina-Press and others.
Estrin is well known for making the first-ever recording of Alexander Scriabin's complete opus 8 Etudes, which he re-recorded in 1991. Both recordings contain many of the hallmarks of Estrin's style - a robust tone, formidable technique, and an unusually large and sophisticated tonal palette.
Other notable recordings include a selection of Brahms intermezzos along with his Opus 119 piano pieces, and the complete Opus 32 Preludes of Sergei Rachmaninoff. These records, released in the early 1970s on the Connoisseur Society label, are among the best recordings of these works ever made, and continue to be available in re-release on CD. Rarely has the Rachmaninoff been rendered with such a balance of tone, energy, and romantic fervor. Rarely has Brahms sounded so robust. After being out of print for a number of years, these recordings, along with the rest of Estrin's output for the Connoisseur Society, have been re-released on CD.
In 1985, Estrin played all 24 Rachmaninoff Preludes at Alice Tully Hall.
Estrin has also recorded several albums of miniatures entitled "Great Hits You Played When You Were Young." More recent recordings include a suite by Brahms contemporary Joachim Raff and Etudes by Anton Rubinstein.
Although Estrin actively concertized throughout his career, he devoted most of his time to teaching. Estrin has long been a professor at Hofstra University and private teacher on Long Island, where he resides. Particularly accomplished students include Jeffrey Biegel, John Mauceri, Seth Carlin, Annie Pasqua, Rhoda Pinsley Levin, Billy Joel and Deborah Gibson.

</doc>
<doc id="5965882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965882" title="Cello Sonatas Nos. 1 and 2 (Beethoven)">
Cello Sonatas Nos. 1 and 2 (Beethoven)

Cello Sonatas No. 1 and No. 2 (Opus 5) were written by Ludwig van Beethoven in 1796, while he was in Berlin. While there, Beethoven met the King of Prussia Friedrich Wilhelm II, an ardent music-lover and keen cellist. Although the sonatas are dedicated to Friedrich Wilhelm II, Ferdinand Ries tells us that Beethoven "played several times at the court, where he also played the two cello sonatas, opus 5, composed for Duport (the King's first cellist) and himself". Although Jean-Pierre Duport was one of the King's teachers, it is now thought to have been his brother Jean-Louis Duport who had the honor of premiering these sonatas.
In the early 19th century, sonatas for piano and instrument were usually advertised as piano sonatas with instrumental accompaniment. Beethoven's first violin sonatas, for instance, were published as "sonatas for piano with accompaniment by the violin." The cello sonata was especially so plagued, as it grew out of sonatas for continuo; as late as the beginning of the 19th century it was still common for the cello in cello sonatas to double the left hand of the piano part, with the piano right hand playing "obbligato" figurations and melodies. Beethoven, indeed, is credited with composing the first cello sonatas with a written-out piano part.
Both of these sonatas are in two movements, with an extended Adagio introduction preceding the opening Allegro of both of them. The movements are entitled as follows:
Sonata No. 2 in G minor, Op. 5 No. 2.
Performance of this piece takes approximately 25 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5965888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965888" title="Slavicisation">
Slavicisation

Slavicisation is the acculturation or adoption of something non-Slavic into Slavic culture or terms and/or (to a greater degree) the acculturation of something Slavic into a non-Slavic culture, cuisine, region, or nation. The process can either be voluntary or applied through varying degrees of pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="5965889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965889" title="Triple option">
Triple option

The triple option is an American football scheme used to offer multiple ways to progress the football forward in the field of play. The triple option is based on the option run, but uses three players who may run with the ball instead of the two that are used in the standard option run. 
The triple option forces defenses to worry about multiple running options on a single play. For the offense, the decision of who is to carry the ball – which option to use – is made during the play by the quarterback (QB). The QB makes the decision whether to give the ball to the fullback (FB) or to keep the ball based on what the defensive end (DE) does. If the DE pinches down, the QB pulls the ball. If the DE runs straight upfield or directly at the QB then the QB gives the ball to the FB. The triple option can be complemented by fixed running plays which look like the triple option when they start but use traditional blocking, as well as play-action passing.
There are three basic forms of triple option: the "wishbone" triple option, the "veer" triple option, and the "I formation" triple option. These differ in terms of the personnel on the field and their positioning prior to the beginning of the play.
Wishbone.
The "wishbone triple option" can utilize several formations including the flexbone or Maryland I. The wishbone triple option is a running play where either fullback, quarterback, or one of the halfbacks will end up running the ball.
First, the quarterback (QB) receives the football from the center. The quarterback then begins the play in one direction by starting to handoff the football to the fullback (FB) right behind the playside guard on a standard fullback dive play. The guard "chips" the 3-technique (Defensive tackle) and blocks the playside (The side where the play is going) inside linebacker (usually called the Mike, or Middle Linebacker). The quarterback then reads the unblocked defensive linemen, if he crashes down on the fullback the quarterback pulls the ball from the fullback's gut and continues down the line, but if the defensive linemen goes outside to contain the play he hands off inside to the fullback. The offensive tackle on the side of the play's direction does not block the defensive end and instead moves to block the first threat which is usually the linebacker stacked behind the defensive end. In the traditional triple option the backside tailback will take a parallel course down the line of scrimmage keeping a 3 to 5 yard separation with the quarterback. If the defensive end comes inside toward the quarterback he will pitch it outside to the trailing halfback. If the defensive end keeps outside leverage and plays the trailing halfback the quarterback will keep the ball and cut upfield inside of the defensive end. The tailback to the playside is responsible for blocking one of the defensive backs, usually one of the deep safeties. The wide receiver to the play side is responsible for blocking the corner back assigned to cover them if the defense were playing man coverage.
If this is run properly it can be extremely effective as most all defensive players are accounted for by blockers. Once the quarterback or tailback gets beyond the line of scrimmage there should be nobody in front of them because the tackle, guard, tailback and wide receiver are all downfield picking up the first threat.
The play is called the triple option because the fullback dive is the first option, the quarterback keeping the ball is the second option, and the quarterback pitching to the halfback is the third option.
A slight variation of this formation is the Flexbone, where the running backs move out to just outside the tackles, but still off the line of scrimmage. The running back that the play is using for the third option motions in, and while in motion the ball is snapped. The Triple Option, in this case, is still run mostly the same as the wishbone.
Veer.
The veer triple option uses two halfbacks and a tight end. The "inside veer" play is similar to the wishbone triple option, but the dive option is performed by the halfback on the side of the play, and the other halfback becomes the pitch man. The veer is more challenging to run to the weak side (the side without the tight end) because there is no lead blocker for the pitch man. The "outside veer" moves the halfback dive option outside the offensive tackle, forcing the outside linebacker to stop the halfback dive, and forcing the defensive backs to play the pitch option.
I formation.
The triple option can be run out of the I formation as well. With two running backs, it is sometimes called the "I-veer", as the play is similar to the two running back veer offense. Three running back I formations such as the Maryland I and the stack I are more similar to the wishbone play.
Recent variations.
In recent years, as spread offenses have become popular, many teams have begun to run variations of the triple option with the quarterback in the shotgun. This has been greatly popularized by the success of coaches such as Rich Rodriguez, Mark Helfrich, and Urban Meyer. The more traditional version of the triple option utilizes a quarterback under center and is advocated by the service academy coaches, including Fisher DeBerry, formerly of Air Force, and Paul Johnson, formerly head coach of Navy and now head coach at Georgia Tech (who installed this offense at Hawai'i and Georgia Southern, the latter school seeing several Division I Football Championship Subdivision titles using it).
Paul Johnson has had the most success with the triple option/veer in the last few years. The triple option can be used in the spread offense. Teams like Ohio State, Oregon, and Arizona have been using an inside zone triple option from the spread. The quarterback reads the defensive end for give or keep. If the defensive end squeezes down to take the dive, the quarterback will pull the ball and take his reading progression to the outside linebacker or defensive back. If the linebacker/defensive back takes the quarterback, the quarterback will pitch the ball to his running back who is running in pitch relation to the quarterback.

</doc>
<doc id="5965890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965890" title="Carolina Parra">
Carolina Parra

Carolina Moraes Parra (born 16 November 1978, São Paulo, Brazil) is a guitarist and drummer for the Brazilian indie-electro band CSS. She joined CSS at the Tim Festival gig in 2004.
Besides CSS, she has played in many other bands including Ultrasom, Caxabaxa and Verafisher.

</doc>
<doc id="5965895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965895" title="Le Moustier">
Le Moustier

Le Moustier is an archeological site consisting of two rock shelters in Peyzac-le-Moustier, Dordogne, France. It is known for a fossilized skull of the species "Homo neanderthalensis" that was discovered in 1909. The Mousterian tool culture is named after Le Moustier, which was first excavated from 1863 by the Englishman Henry Christy and the Frenchman Édouard Lartet.
The Le Moustier skull is estimated as approximately 45,000 years old. Its characteristics include a large nasal cavity and a somewhat less developed brow ridge and occipital bun as might be expected in a juvenile.

</doc>
<doc id="5965907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965907" title="Boeuf à la mode">
Boeuf à la mode

Boeuf à la mode ("beef in the style") is a French version of what is known in the United States as pot roast. It is a way to prepare a tougher cut of beef (rich in connective tissue, and in older recipes often lardoned). The dish is prepared by first browning the beef in oil, lard, or bacon fat. Some recipes include a preliminary marinating step where the beef is marinated in a combination of wine and brandy before browning.
The browned beef is then braised in a liquid composed primarily of red wine with garlic and root vegetables (usually celery, carrots and onions) and herbs such as thyme, bay, or celery seed. Many recipes add tomatoes or canned tomato sauce, while others add beef broth and/or brandy or other distilled spirits. In some older recipes the addition of a calf's foot or soup bones would add gelatin to the braising liquid, which serves to thicken the resulting sauce.
To finish the dish, the braised beef is removed and set aside to rest. Meanwhile, the braising liquid is strained and reduced to a sauce. The beef is then sliced and served with the sauce made from the braising liquid.

</doc>
<doc id="5965934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965934" title="TSFC">
TSFC

TSFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5965940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965940" title="Battle of Charleston (1862)">
Battle of Charleston (1862)

During the summer of 1862, General William W. Loring’s Department of Southwestern Virginia (Confederate States of America) made some plans to move into the Kanawha Valley of western Virginia and take the city of Charleston. On September 6, 1862, General Loring, with 5,000 men, left Narrows, Virginia on a march toward Charleston. The Confederate troops first encountered Union forces near Fayetteville on September 10, driving them back toward Charleston. The pursuit continued all day on September 11, with the Federals splitting their forces near Gauley's Bridge on both sides of the Kanawha River, the CSA doing the same while in hot pursuit. By late afternoon on September 13, the Battle for Charleston had begun and was over by 7:30 p.m. when Loring's troops broke off the engagement at the Elk River. The Union forces withdrew across the Kanawha River overnight, leaving Charleston to be occupied by the Confederate forces. 
Excerpt from John D. Chapla's history of the 50th Virginia Infantry:
Reaching Colonel John McCausland at Dickerson's farm, Loring ordered McCausland to take charge of Echols' Brigade -- Echols being sick -- as well as the 22nd and 36th Virginia regiments, two artillery batteries, and Major Salyer's cavalry detachment. With this force, McCausland was to cross the Kanawha and push on to Charleston. McCausland crossed the Kanawha at Montgomery's Ferry and, with Salyer's cavalry leading, began his pursuit. By the end of the day McCausland had stopped federal efforts to burn the salt furnaces and went into camp four miles from the ferry. On September 12, McCausland again pressed forward, with the federals attempting to block the roads by felling trees. Although McCausland's lead elements and sharpshooters tried to interrupt this delaying action, it appears to have been somewhat successful. McCausland at some points fell up to three hours behind the fleeing federals. He camped that night 15 miles from Charleston."
McCausland resumed his pursuit on September 13, moving through Camp Piatt (now Belle) and Maiden to the outskirts of Charleston. Making contact with Union skirmishers near the Elk River, McCausland deployed his brigade about 3 p.m., with the 23rd Virginia Battalion in front as skirmishers and the 22nd, 50th, and 63rd Virginia (left to right) deployed on line behind the skirmishers. The 36th Virginia was in reserve. McCausland pushed forward with his left moving through the town until he reached the Elk River and discovered that the federals had retreated across the river, destroying the only bridge over it. As McCausland probed during the next several hours for crossing points, he skirmished heavily with the Union forces drawn up across from him. "The firing was terrific, and the old 50th was gallantly through the yards and fields of Charleston under a galling fire of grape shot and musket balls," an anonymous officer in the regiment reported."
Although McCausland was ultimately able to get his cavalry across the Elk at a ford two miles east of Charleston, he found that ford impassable for his infantry and artillery. In the end, darkness halted the fight for the brigade about 7:30 p.m. McCausland moved his troops to eat and rest as the Union garrison began a retreat out of the town."
The occupation of Charleston by the Confederates lasted a scant six weeks, until October 28, 1862, when Loring's troops begin withdrawing under the threat of 12,000 Union soldiers approaching from the northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="5965958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965958" title="Break-action">
Break-action

A break-action firearm is one whose barrels are hinged, and rotate perpendicular to the bore axis to expose the breech and allow loading and unloading of ammunition. A separate operation may be required for the cocking of a hammer to fire the new round. Break open actions are universal in double-barrelled shotguns, double rifles and combination guns, and are also common in single shot rifles, pistols, and shotguns, and can also be found in flare guns, grenade launchers, air guns and some older revolver designs. They are also known as break-open, break-barrel, break top, or (on old revolvers) top-break actions.
Description.
A substantial hinge pin joins the two parts of the rifle or shotgun; the stock with its firing mechanism and the fore-piece and barrel, which hold the round to be fired. In some cases the hinging pin may be easily removable, allowing the two portions of the weapon to be compactly and safely stored. In other cases the hinge will consist of a hook over a pin; releasing an auxiliary latch will allow sufficient travel to allow the hinge to be unhooked.
A latch is operated to release the two parts of the weapon, allowing the breech to be exposed. A shell is inserted into the breech (up to two for a double barreled shotgun and six to eight for a revolver), and the mechanism is closed and latched. When the operator has pointed the weapon downrange the hammer is pulled back and latched. The weapon is now ready to fire, done by squeezing the trigger.
After firing the round(s), the break action is unlatched and the barrel and forearm are allowed to fall forward. This will cause an extractor catch to remove the spent shell, which is allowed to fall to the ground. The weapon is now ready for a new cycle.
Advantages.
The break open action is one of the strongest and most compact firearms actions. Since there are no parts to reciprocate, it is much shorter than a repeating firearm, and as built the break-open is generally more compact than other non-repeating firearms such as the falling block and rolling block actions. This compactness means reductions in weight and size, compared to larger actions; this can also allow a longer barrel in a firearm of equivalent size.
Since the cartridge extractor or ejector is built into the barrel assembly on break open actions, the breech face is simply a flat plate with a hole for the firing pin to project. This makes break open actions ideal for interchangeable barrel firearms, such as the popular Thompson Center Arms Contender and Encore pistols. The simplicity of the break open design, especially external hammer types, also reduces the cost of manufacture. There are a number of companies, such as H & R Firearms, producing break open rifles at far lower costs than comparable bolt action rifles.
Most firearms are designed for right-handed shooters. Break open action guns typically work the same when used from either shoulder.
Another advantage of the break open action is the ability to insert very long cartridges into the chamber. This allows cartridges of a length impractical in most other designs, as well as easy use of caliber conversion sleeves. It is common to find double barrel shotguns available with conversion sleeves for smaller gauges, allowing the same gun to be used with, for example, 12, 20, 28 gauge, and .410 bore shells.
Disadvantages.
The break open design is best suited for non-repeating firearms. To get multiple shots requires either multiple barrels or a revolver cylinder; while this is fairly simple for shotguns, with double-barreled shotguns quite common and even four-shot designs like the FAMARS Rombo available, double rifles require very precise alignment of the barrels so they shoot to the same point of aim. Modern double rifles are very expensive, and designed for short range use; the barrels are often regulated for ranges under for use against dangerous game.
Wear in the mechanism is focused upon the small contact area of the latch, and the breech is difficult to seal properly once the latch wears. In some firearms, such as the Thompson Center guns, the latch is a removable part that could be replaced when worn. Designs without a replaceable latch may be fixed by building up the worn part with a welder, then filing back to shape.
Break-open actions are also not as inherently strong as other action types, rendering them capable of withstanding only relatively low pressures. The action is usually held closed by a single locking lug, usually below the barrel in a single shot or between the barrels of a double barreled gun. The single lug must carry all of the force of firing the cartridge. For shotguns, which operate at very low pressures, this is not an issue.
Some centerfire rifle cartridges, however, can generate pressures that may be too great for a single locking lug, if it is not stout enough. The Thompson Center Contender, for example, was limited to .30-30 Winchester level cartridges. To fire more powerful cartridges requires a much larger locking lug, such as that which Thomson Center used on the larger Encore model. By comparison, while bolt-action shotguns may only use a single locking lug, almost all bolt-action rifles use multiple locking lugs around the perimeter of the bolt to provide an even distribution of the forces of firing, giving a much higher intrinsic strength. Since many break open rifles, such as the inexpensive H&R models, are built on large frames originally meant for shotguns, the action is very heavily built and capable of handling moderate to high pressures. Still, belted magnum cartridges such as .300 Winchester Magnum are generally only found in the highest quality, very expensive break action rifles.
Break open designs work best with rimmed cartridges, which can use a solid extractor. Rimless cartridges require a spring-loaded extractor, which can slide out of the way for cartridge insertion, and spring back to engage the recessed rim. While these spring-loaded extractors are found on even inexpensive models, the spring-loaded extractor is not as strong as a solid extractor, and increases the likelihood that failures to extract will occur.

</doc>
<doc id="5965961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965961" title="Igor Budan">
Igor Budan

Igor Budan (born 22 April 1980) is a former Croatian footballer. He is currently working as team manager of Palermo, a former club of his as a player.
Playing career.
Early career.
Budan played for his native NK Rijeka for two seasons before moving to Italy in 1999. At that time Serie A imposed non-EU quota per team that each team could be used in the field. Budan spent 2000–01 season with Empoli as well as Swiss club Bellinzona (in Italian speaking region of Switzerland) in order to free the quota for other players. Budan was one of the players transferred to Palermo from Venezia in 2002. The ex-owner of Venezia, Maurizio Zamparini, had bought Palermo in July 2002.
Atalanta.
He spent two very good seasons between 2003 and 2005 with Atalanta, where he was a regular. Atalanta excised the option to sign Budan in June 2004 but Palermo also excised the counter-option, however, the loan later extended. Atalanta signed Budan in co-ownership deal in summer 2005 for €1 million. Along with Adriano, they were part of the deal of Stephen Makinwa.
Parma.
The co-ownership deal with Atalanta being terminated in June 2006 for €1 million, he was then loaned to Parma F.C. with a co-ownership option (€1.25M), That season Palermo signed Mark Bresciano (€2.5M) and Fábio Simplício (€4.6M); Budan and Maurizio Ciaramitaro were the possible alternative compensation other than cash in the deals to Parma. Parma excised the option in June 2007 and bought Davide Matteini (50% for €0.9M) and Francesco Parravicini (€0.95M to Palermo and €0.95M to Fiorentina) Budan scored a lesser goal in 2007–08 Serie A but with a better goal per game, Palermo bought back Budan for €4.5million from relegated Parma in June 2008. Budan also signed a new 5-year contract.
Return to Palermo.
At Palermo, Budan opportunities to play were limited in the first season because of knee injuries and a surgery on his left knee.
However, he was confirmed to the Palermo squad for the 2009–10 season, and he started the new season by coming on as a substitute in the first two league games, against Napoli and Fiorentina. In the third game of the 2009–10 season, Budan scored his first goal for Palermo, a late injury-time equalizer in a 1–1 home tie against Bari. His new season with Palermo was then later stopped by another serious knee injury that kept him out of action for the remained of the tournament.
On 31 August 2010 he was loaned out to newly promoted Serie A club Cesena until the end of the season. He returned to Palermo by the end of the season and remained in Sicily due to the club failing to find a team for him. Initially kept off the first team squad, he was subsequently re-included due to an injury crisis and featured in a number of league games under head coach Devis Mangia, and then gaining a starting lineup spot under new boss Bortolo Mutti. His improved condition, together with the sale of Mauricio Pinilla to Cagliari, turned him into a starter and gave him the opportunity to play more continuously; he scored his first goal of the season on 22 January 2012, netting the 1–1 equalizer in a 5–3 home win against Genoa, that was followed by him scoring both goals in a 2–0 victory against Novara one week later. During 2011–12 season Budan also extended his contract with the club to 30 June 2015.
In January 2013 he moved on loan to Atalanta. After his loan expired, Budan confirmed his retirement in June 2013.
Internationals.
Budan was capped for the Croatian U-18 team at the 1998 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship (now U-19 event) and the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship (now FIFA U-20 World Cup). Budan also played in 1999 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship qualification. 
On 7 February 2007, Budan made his international debut for Croatia in a 2–1 friendly win against Norway, coming on as a 62nd-minute substitute for Boško Balaban.
Post-playing career.
After his retirement, Budan returned to Palermo with his family and successively confirmed he was about to join the "rosanero" staff as a team manager starting from the 2013–14 season, accepting an offer from president Maurizio Zamparini who had already regularly stated this intention in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="5965980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965980" title="Delia Bisutti">
Delia Bisutti

Delia Beatriz Bisutti (born March 31, 1947) is an Argentine centre-left politician, currently a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies representing Buenos Aires.
Bisutti was born in Buenos Aires and became a teacher after studying at the National University of Quilmes. From an early age she took an active role in trade unions, serving as a union delegate from 1970 to 1989. In 1977, during the Dirty War, she was detained by the military government and imprisoned in the concentration camp known as the 'Sheraton'. Her husband was also taken and disappeared, presumed dead.
In 1989 Bisutti became secretary general of the teachers' union, "Unión de Trabajadores de la Educación" (UTE), part of CTERA and the CTA (independent trade unions). She sat on CTERA's national committee. From 1995 she was a member of the executive of the Buenos Aires left-wing party, the Frente Grande, and in 1997 she was elected to the city legislature for the party as part of FrePaSo, where she presided over several committees including economic development.
Bisutti had been a critic of FrePaSo's alliance with the Radical Civic Union. In 2001, she joined the new centre-left party, Support for an Egalitarian Republic (ARI) and sat on the party's city executive. In 2003 she led the ARI block in the Buenos Aires legislature. Later that year she resigned her seat to take a junior role in the city government, within the education department, serving until January 2005.
Bisutti was elected a deputy for ARI in the October 2005 elections. Following ARI's integration into the Civic Coalition in 2007, Bisutti and a number of her colleagues left the party in protest against ARI's courting of more centrist figures. Initially forming a separate block in Congress known as the Autonomous ARI, in May 2008 they announced the formation of a new party, Solidarity and Equality, "Si".

</doc>
<doc id="5965981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965981" title="Ricky Lopez">
Ricky Lopez

Ricky López (born March 3, 1987 in Denver, Colorado) is a Mexican American professional boxer in the Super Bantamweight division.
Professional career.
On May 9, 2009 López took out the veteran Nick Arellano by K.O. to win his professional debut.

</doc>
<doc id="5965982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965982" title="Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom">
Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom

Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom have varied considerably from the inception of what was to become the earliest recognisable mainstream police force in the country with the Glasgow Police Act 1800 forming the City of Glasgow Police and then the Metropolitan Police Act of 1829, Allowing the formation of the Metropolitan Police Service. With the various County Police Acts, policing became a more standardised practice in the United Kingdom throughout the late nineteenth century, the uniforms and equipment became equally standardised. From a variety of home grown uniforms, bicycles, swords and pistols the British police force evolved in look and equipment through the long coats and top hat, to the recognisable modern uniform of a white shirt, black tie (or cravat for women in many forces), reflective jackets, body armour, and the panda car.
Equipment that an officer may carry.
Various items of equipment are usually carried on the duty belt of uniformed officers, although some have pouches attached to their stab vest, eliminating the need for a belt. Plain-clothes officers may wear a harness, which can be worn under clothes. They usually have:
Extra equipment, such as a first aid kit (including a pocket mask, disposable gloves, germicidal wipes, hypoallergenic tape, wound dressings, a triangular bandage, and sterile plasters), may be stored in a patrol car.
Uniform.
For much of the twentieth century up to the mid-1990s, male police officers wore a formal work jacket with polished silver buttons, and black trousers with a sewn in truncheon pocket. No stab vest was worn and much less equipment was carried than is today. Following concerns about the police uniforms' safety it was suggested that the uniform should be changed.
From the 1990s it was generally accepted that the police could patrol in "shirt-sleeve order" which meant that they need not wear the jacket, as its widespread use was hampering in some situations. In 1994 the Home Office, in agreement with the government and on the cooperation of many Chief Constables, changed the uniform from the business attire with no protection of the torso, to a uniform with black trousers, Blue NATO Jumper, stab vest, duty belt and reflective jacket.
Although there are minor variations in the styling, pattern and insignia, the police forces of Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, the Isle of Man and Gibraltar all wear very similar uniforms. In general, these have taken their lead from the Metropolitan Police Service, due to it being recognised as the first police service in England. The base colour is a very dark blue, almost indistinguishable from black (and recently often is black), which earned the police the nickname of the "boys in blue".
Uniform history.
The Metropolitan Police officers were unarmed to clearly distinguish them from military enforcers, which had been the system of policing seen before the 1820s. Their uniform was also styled in blue, rather than the military red. Despite the service being unarmed, the then Home Secretary, Robert Peel, gave authorisation to the Commissioner to purchase fifty flintlock pistols, for exceptional incidents that required the use of firearms. As time progressed, the obsolete flintlocks were decommissioned from service, being superseded by early revolvers. At the time, burglary (or "house breaking" as it was then called) was a common problem for police, as house breakers were usually armed. Due to the deaths of officers at the hands of armed criminals in the outer districts of the Metropolis, and after much press coverage debating whether Peel's service should be fully armed, the Commissioner applied to the Home Secretary to supply all officers on the outer districts with revolvers. These could only be issued if, in the opinion of the senior officer, the officer could be trusted to use it safely, and with discretion. From that point, officers who felt the need to be armed, could be so. The practice lasted until 1936, although the vast majority of the system was phased out by the end of the 19th century.
From 1829, to 1839, Metropolitan Police officers wore blue swallow tail coats with high collars to counter garroting. This was worn with white trousers in summer, and a cane-reinforced top hat, which could be used as a step to climb or see over walls. The sleeves of the dark blue coats originally had a pattern of white bars, roughly 6 mm wide by 50 mm high, set roughly 6 mm apart. This immediately distinguished them from naval or maritime personnel. In the early years of the Metropolitan Police, equipment was little more than a rattle to call for assistance, and a wooden truncheon. As the years progressed, the rattle was replaced with the whistle, swords were removed from service, and flintlock pistols were removed in favour of revolvers.
In 1863, the Metropolitan Police replaced the tailcoat with a tunic, still high-collared, and the top hat with the custodian helmet, which is based on the Pickelhaube. With a few exceptions (including the City of London Police, West Mercia Police, Hampshire Constabulary and States of Guernsey Police Service), most forces helmet plates carry a Brunswick star. The helmet itself was of cork faced with fabric. The design varied slightly between forces. Some used the style by the Metropolitan Police, topped with a boss, while others had a helmet that incorporated a ridge or crest terminating above the badge, or a short spike, sometimes topped with a ball.
The tunic went through many lengths and styles, with the Metropolitan Police adopting the open-neck style in 1948 (although senior and female officers adopted it before that time). Senior officers used to wear peaked pillbox-style caps until the adoption of the wider peaked cap worn today. The custodian helmet was phased out in Scotland in the early 1950s.
Female officers' uniforms have gone through a great variety of styles, as they have tended to reflect the women's fashions of the time. Tunic style, skirt length and headgear have varied by period and force. By the late 1980s, the female working uniform was virtually identical to male, except for headgear and sometimes neckwear.
Current uniform.
No.1 Dress.
Formal uniform comprises an open-necked tunic (with or without an attached belt, depending on the force and rank of the Officer) and trousers or skirt, worn with a white or light blue shirt and black tie (usually clip-on, so it cannot be used to strangle the wearer). Although most forces once wore blue shirts, these have been less used since the 1980s, and most now wear white. Officers of the rank of Inspector and above have always worn white shirts, and in many forces so have female officers. In some forces, female officers wear a black and white checked cravat instead of a tie. Officers of the rank of Sergeant and above wear rank badges on the epaulettes of their shirts, while Constables and Sergeants also wear "collar numbers" on them. Shoulder numbers in the Metropolitan Police are displayed on the shoulder of the tunic (despite the lack of epaulettes on the tunic in junior ranks) as are all rank insignia (except for that of Sergeant, which are displayed in the form of a sewn-on badge on the sleeve). No.1 dress is worn with black, polished shoes or boots. Male Constables and Sergeants in English and Welsh forces wear the Custodian Helmet with this dress, whereas the peaked cap is worn by Inspectors and above. In Scotland, all male officers now wear a peaked cap. Female officers of all forces now wear bowler hats. At more formal occasions, such as funerals and parades, white gloves are worn.
Working Dress.
Until 1994 the No.1 Dress was also the everyday working uniform, but today it is rarely seen except on formal occasions. The normal working dress retains the shirt and trousers. In some forces short sleeved shirts may be worn open-necked. Long sleeved shirts must always be worn with a tie or cravat, worn with or without a jersey or fleece. If a jersey, fleece or jacket is worn over a short sleeved shirt, then a tie must be worn. In 2003, Strathclyde Police replaced the white shirts with black wicking T-shirts with stab vest on top, for the majority of officers on duty. Some forces use combat trousers (trousers are of a cargo pocket style i.e. two thigh pockets and two conventional side and rear pockets) and boots. Today, female officers almost never wear a skirt in working dress, and sometimes wear trousers in formal dress as well. Officers also frequently wear reflective waterproof jackets, which have replaced the old greatcoats and cloaks traditionally worn in inclement weather. Most officers now wear stab vests, a type of body armour, when on duty.
Basic headgear is a peaked cap for men, and a round bowler style hat for women. All officers wear a black and white (red and white for the City of London Police) diced band (called Sillitoe Tartan) around the hat, a distinction first used in Scotland and later adopted by all forces in Great Britain. Traffic officers wear white cap covers. On foot duty, male constables and sergeants outside Scotland wear the familiar conical custodian helmet. There are several patterns, with different forces wearing different types. Although some Scottish forces have used helmets in the past, they are no longer worn in Scotland. The only English police force to have abandoned the custodian helmet is the Thames Valley Police.
The Metropolitan Police approved the use of name badges in October 2003, and new recruits started wearing the Velcro badges in September 2004. The badges consist of the wearer's rank, followed by their surname. Senior officers wear these in No.1 Dress, due to the public nature of their role.
Increasingly officers are wearing 'Tactical' uniform to perform everyday roles as the increased level of equipment carried on the police duty belts and operational requirements expand.
Officers of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) wear a uniform which is somewhat different, reflecting the different roots of the force and nature of the role that it carried out for much of its history. The main colour to be found is a dark and light green with the uniform looking very unlike police uniforms over in Great Britain. The RUC officially described this as 'rifle green', that is to say the same colour as used by Irish and rifle regiments of the British Army, such as the Rifles (formerly the Light Infantry and the Royal Green Jackets) and Royal Irish Regiment. This reflects the force's de facto status as more of a paramilitary force, or gendarmerie, than police forces in Great Britain. When the six new versions of the PSNI uniform were introduced, in March 2002, the term 'bottle green' was used for basically the same colour. This was perhaps seen as being a less confrontational description and having less of a military connotation, in keeping with the spirit of the time. RIC uniforms were originally a very dark green almost black colour. The custodian helmet was never worn by either the RUC or the PSNI, although a similar design known as the "night helmet" was worn on night shifts by the RUC until the early 1970s, and previously by the RIC.
Ceremonial and dress uniforms.
The mounted police of the Greater Manchester Police and of the Merseyside Police wear a ceremonial uniform which includes a distinctive cavalry-style helmet, similar to those worn by the Household Cavalry. Mounted police in Cleveland wear a similar uniform, but with a red rather than a white plume.
Police Officers may wear mess dress to formal dinners if appropriate but is most usually worn by officers who have achieved the rank of Superintendent or above. The mess dress of the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police is dark blue with light blue facings on the lapels and includes a two-inch oak leaf lace strip on his trousers and a set of aiguillettes.
The Commissioners and other senior-ranked officers of the Metropolitan Police Service and the City of London Police wear a full dress ceremonial uniform on State and special occasions (see "External links" below); this includes a high-necked tunic with silver or gold trimmings and is worn with a sword and a plumed hat.
Personal radios.
Personal radio systems were first issued to police officers and installed in police cars in the 1960s (resulting in the demise of the "police box" telephones made famous by "Doctor Who"). In 2004, British police forces began change radios from analogue, to digital TETRA (Terrestrial Trunked Radio) system for communications, called Airwave. 
Prior to the introduction of Airwave, all police radio systems were force-specific, with limited capacity for forces to talk
to neighbours or to facilitate working in groups away from the direction of the control room. Interoperability with other emergency services was also poor, and was criticised in reports after the Hillsborough and Kings Cross disasters. Most forces’ equipment could not transfer data or text messages – a growing operational requirement. Few had any form of encryption and were open to listening in by anyone prepared to buy cheap scanning equipment. In addition, almost every force had areas in which the police and other emergency services operated without effective radio coverage.
By the end of 2004, the majority of the existing police radio spectrum, which was subject to serious interference in some areas, was to be withdrawn and replaced by a new spectrum of superior quality, dedicated to use by public safety organisations, on which users would be required to use digital equipment. Knowledge of this change reinforced the need, already identified by the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) and the Home Office, for a new radio strategy. A Review of Radio Communications in the Police and Fire Services of England and Wales was inaugurated, a parallel review was carried out in Scotland, and the Public Safety Radio Communications Project was born. The radios proved exceptional during the 2005 London bombings.
From the 1990s, officers frequently carried mobile phones in addition to their personal radio units.
Protective equipment.
Firearms.
In the United Kingdom (with the exception of Northern Ireland), the majority of police officers do not routinely carry firearms. This originates from the formation of the Metropolitan Police in the nineteenth century, when police were not armed, partly to counter public fears and objections concerning armed enforcers. 
However, the Ministry of Defence Police, Civil Nuclear Constabulary and Police Service of Northern Ireland (formerly the Royal Ulster Constabulary) are issued firearms as a matter of routine.
Every territorial police force has a number of officers who are routinely armed in units generally called Armed Response Vehicles. Certain specialist squads, such as the Flying Squad, Special Branch, Diplomatic Protection Group, Royalty Protection Branch, and officers protecting airports along with government buildings, are routinely armed.
The British Transport Police have armed officers who have been specially trained in firearms operations, and were first deployed in early 2012. These officers are mainly stationed in London, and their primary focus is on the busiest stations. When they need to deploy officers outside of London, they work closely with local police forces.
Tasers.
Until recently, Tasers were issued only to Authorised Firearms Officers, and their use of them was governed by the same rules of engagement as regular firearms. In November 2008, the then Home Secretary Jacqui Smith, announced that 30,000 non-firearms officers would be allowed to carry them. The Government announced funding of £8 million to purchase 10,000 Tasers for the police forces in England & Wales. The Metropolitan police commissioner announced in December 2011, that police were to be routinely armed with these weapons following the deaths of police officers earlier that month.
The use of Tasers is now governed by the Association of Chief Police Officers policy which states:
ACPO has prohibited the use of a Taser on a volunteer. Tasers are regarded as prohibited weapons under the Firearms Act 1968, and their possession is an offence. Police constables are exempt as crown servants.
Incapacitant spray.
Officers may carry either a CS or PAVA (also known as Captor) incapacitant spray. Their effects are designed to be short-lived and exposure to fresh moving air will normally result in a significant recovery within 15-20 minutes. The CS spray issued by UK police services contains a 5% solution of CS whilst Captor sprays contain a 0.3% solution of PAVA. It should be noted that PAVA is significantly more potent than CS.
Aerosol incapacitants are classified as prohibited weapons by virtue of Section 5 of the Firearms Act 1968 and possession of such sprays is therefore illegal by the general public. They may only be possessed with the authority of the Defence Council or the Scottish Ministers. Police officers, as crown servants, are exempt from the requirements of the legislation and can have lawful possession of an incapacitant spray whilst acting in their capacity as a constable or where necessary for the purposes of their duty.
Batons.
Until the mid-1990s, most police forces utilised a 14 inch long traditional wooden truncheon. It was replaced by long American-style batons, but in many places these were short lived, mainly due to their being unwieldy in most operational circumstances.
The use of batons varies across the country, and each force selects which baton is best able to fulfil its needs and provide the best protection to officers. Expandable batons, such as the friction lock ASP are popular, although the PR-24 Monadnock (a side-handled baton) or the Monadnock Straight Lock baton is used in some forces. Some forces in the North of England use a one-piece "Arnold" baton, and other officers can choose to use this style of baton, after passing the appropriate training however now all police forces carry asp moadknock or casco batons.
Batons are offensive weapons; the following are offences under the Criminal Justice Act 1988:
an offensive weapon. The list of weapons regarded as offensive for the purposes of the act includes "straight, side-handled or friction-lock truncheons (sometimes known as a batons)" in the Criminal Justice Act 1988 (Offensive Weapons) (Amendment) Order 2004 and "telescopic truncheons" in the Criminal Justice Act 1988 (Offensive Weapons) Order 1988. The restrictions on the activities listed above do not apply "for the purposes of functions carried out on behalf of the Crown", which includes water bailiffs, immigration officers and police constables. In addition, police constables have "lawful authority" to possess batons.
Police vehicles.
Ground vehicles.
The archetypal British "bobby" walked his beat alone. Apart from rapid response units, motor vehicles were rarely used except in rural districts (and even there, bicycles were more common). However, following the 1964 Police Act, the police became increasingly motorised and it is now rare to see an officer on foot patrol except in city or town centres, and then rarely alone. More recently, police forces have begun to put officers back on the beat as 'community' or 'neighbourhood' patrols. In an increasing number of urban centres police bicycle units are used to provide a quick response in congested areas, pedestrianised areas and parkland, as well as carrying out patrols. A bicycle patrol provides a balance between the distance covered by a motorised patrol and the approachability of the foot patrol. The Metropolitan Police now has over 1500 police bicycles.
Incident Response Vehicles (IRV) or 'Pandas' are generally used when a '999' call has been received regarding an ongoing incident or emergency. Usually an IRV would be assigned to the call, as their continual patrol of an area reduces their deployment time. Response vehicles tend to be capable of the safe use of speed, common types include, Ford Focus or Vauxhall Astra. These are usually fitted with engines with a size of around 1.6 to 1.8 litres. Although petrol-powered engines once dominated, diesel engines are now becoming more common due to their superior fuel economy and therefore lower operating costs.
Larger, more powerful vehicles are used by Road Policing Units, Armed Response Vehicles due to the fact that they carry out tasks such as pursuing stolen cars, responding to emergencies in a larger area, or carrying a larger amount equipment than an IRV. It is for that reason that many of the vehicles are in "estate car" form. These vehicles tend to be Volvo V70 T5's with a 2.4 litre turbocharged petrol engine or Vauxhall Vectras with 2.8 litre V6, or the new Vauxhall Insignia. As with IRVs, diesel engines are becoming more common such as the BMW 5 Series 3.0 litre diesel which are heavily used by the Metropolitan Police Service. As well as estate cars, 4x4 (SUVs) such as Range Rover, Land Rover Discovery (LR3), BMW X5 or Mercedes M class vehicles are used especially for Motorway patrols. Police officers are required to undergo specialised training before being authorised to drive them.
Most marked police vehicles are white or silver, although more recently silver becoming more common due to higher resale values after police use is finished, with retroreflective livery markings on the side. These markings usually take the form of a blue, yellow or red strip down the side of the vehicle, or use high visibility battenburg markings (with blue and yellow the accepted Home Office colours for police use). Some carry adverts for police initiatives, slogans such as the Metropolitan Police's "Working for a safer London" (withdrawn in 2012 following rebranding), or the force crest.
Unmarked police vehicles are used for a variety of purposes, including road policing duties. One popular vehicle for this use is the Škoda Octavia VRS which is chosen due to its high performance but conservative styling. Some police forces have begun using Mitsubishi Lancer Evolutions for the most dangerous or challenging pursuits. The TVCU (Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit) within the Greater Manchester Police uses cars such as the Audi A3 3.2L Quattro, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, and Subaru Impreza WRX. All the TVCU's vehicles are unmarked and have very high performance.
Police vans such as the Ford Transit or Mercedes Sprinter are also used and have a cage for accommodation of a prisoner in the back.
Aircraft.
All Home Office police forces have access to air support, often in the form of helicopters. Some forces also have small fixed wing aircraft. Police Helicopters are required by the CAA to be marked in a standard 'high conspicuosity' paint scheme, to make them more visible and avoid the possibility of air proximity hazards with other low flying aircraft. This paint scheme, also used by UK military training helicopters, requires them to be black on the sides and underneath, and yellow on top. When seen from the ground, these helicopters are black but this is to make them more visible against the sky as a safety feature (and yellow against the ground when seen from above). One of the most common helicopters used by the police is the Eurocopter EC135.
Watercraft.
Forces with significant waterways to police maintain police watercraft, ranging from Zodiac dinghies to Arun class former RNLI lifeboats.
Overseas territories.
Police organisation and uniform history has varied throughout the British Overseas Territories. Uniforms have often had to be adapted to local climates. The Bermuda Police Service has followed the trends of UK police forces in its dress, having adopted dark blue tunics, trousers, and helmets at its inception. After the appointment of Police Commissioner Colin Coxall, in 1995 (formerly of the Metropolitan Police), the four-pocket jackets and helmets were reserved for ceremonial or public relations occasions, with more comfortable "bomber jackets" and woollen pullovers adopted. In the Bermuda Police, only officers wear white shirts, with sergeants and constables wearing light blue ones. During the summer months, the long trousers are replaced with Bermuda shorts. The traditional image of a Bermuda policeman in the minds of summer visitors is helmeted, with knee socks and shorts. During, and for a short time after, the Second World War, influenced by the large numbers of military personnel on the island, the Bermuda Police took to wearing military-style khaki shorts and shirts during the summer months, but this fad quickly passed.

</doc>
<doc id="5965998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5965998" title="Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge">
Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge

The Archie Carr National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located along a twenty mile (30 km) section of coastline from Melbourne Beach to Wabasso Beach, Florida along State Road A1A. The 900 acre (3.6 km2) refuge was established in 1991, to protect the Loggerhead and Green sea turtles. It is administered as part of the Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge, through a partnership with the Caribbean Conservation Corporation (a nonprofit turtle conservation group founded by Dr. Archie Carr himself) and Archie Carr Working Group.
The refuge provides nesting habitats for approximately one-fourth of all sea turtles nesting in the United States. About 15,000-20,000 sea turtles nests are laid annually, mostly loggerheads, green sea turtles, and some leatherbacks. The refuge also provides habitat for several other threatened and endangered species.
Three centers within the sanctuary are run by Brevard County under the aegis of the restrictions established by the federal government.
Conservation Efforts.
Archie Carr NWR is threatened by the ongoing phenomena of sea level rise, and many scientist and researchers are studying the impacts of SLR on the ecosystem services of it.

</doc>
<doc id="5966007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966007" title="OH 5">
OH 5

OH 5 (Olduvai Hominid number 5, also known as "Zinjanthropus" or "Nutcracker Man"; colloquially as "Dear Boy") is a fossilized cranium and the holotype of the species "Paranthropus boisei". It was discovered in Olduvai Gorge, Tanzania, by archaeologist-paleontologist Mary Leakey in 1959. 
Her husband and fellow scientist Louis Leakey initially classified the hominid as "Zinjanthropus boisei" and thought that it was an early ancestor of modern humans that lived approximately 2 million years ago. However, this contention was later withdrawn because of its robust australopithecine features and the discovery of "Homo habilis" soon thereafter.
Discovery.
Mary and Louis Leakey had conducted excavations in Tanzania since the 1930s, though most such work was postponed due to the outbreak of World War II. They returned in 1951, finding mostly ancient tools and fossils of extinct mammals for the next few years. On the morning of July 17, 1959, Louis felt ill and stayed at camp while Mary went out to Bed I's Frida Leakey Korongo ("korongo" is Swahili for gully; this one was named after Louis's ex-wife). Sometime around 11:00 a.m., she noticed a piece of bone that "seemed to be part of a skull" which had a "hominid look". 
After dusting some topsoil away and finding "two large teeth set in the curve of a jaw", she drove back to camp exclaiming "I've got him!" They created a pile of stones around the exposed portion of the fossil to protect it from the weather. Active excavation began the following day; they had chosen to wait for photographer Des Bartlett to arrive so that a photographic record of the entire process of removal could be made. A partial cranium was fully unearthed August 6, though it had to be reconstructed from its fragments which were scattered in the scree.
Once he had examined the cranium, Louis determined it to be subadult, or adolescent, based on its dentition, and he and Mary began to call it "Dear Boy". He also believed that it was of a species ancestral to modern humans but a member of the subfamily Australopithecinae. In describing the fossilized hominid in his journal, Louis initially considered the classification "Titanohomo mirabilis" (wonderful Titan-like man), but he eventually dubbed their find "Zinjanthropus boisei" (East Africa man). "Zinj" is an ancient Arabic word for the East African coast; "anthropus" refers to the fossil's humanlike characteristics; and "boisei" refers to Charles Boise, who had been making financial contributions to the Leakeys' work since 1948. This classification was eventually revised to "Paranthropus boisei", though this remains a matter of contention since the genus "Paranthropus" is disputed because of morphological similarities to "Australopithecus". In either case, OH 5 is the holotype of its species.
Analysis.
Louis wrote "A new fossil skull from Olduvai" for "Nature" the week following the excavation, detailing the titular find and the "living floor" of Bed I which was replete with fossils of other mammalian fauna. "The Newest Link in Human Evolution: The Discovery by L.S.B. Leakey of Zinjanthropus Boisei", his account of the dig, was published in the January 1960 issue of "Current Anthropology". It was annotated by anthropologist Francis Clark Howell, who had been allowed to examine the Leakeys' Olduvai findings before public announcements of their discovery. 
Louis also wrote "Finding the World's Earliest Man" for the September 1960 issue of "National Geographic", estimating the fossil's age to be 600,000 years old. University of California, Berkeley, geochemists Garniss Curtis and Jack Evernden used potassium-argon dating to re-assess the site, finding that Olduvai's Bed I was actually about . Such an application of geochronology was unprecedented; OH 5 became the first hominin to be dated by that method. The same process was used for OH 7, the holotype of "Homo habilis" (handy man).
After the cranium was reconstructed with a model of the absent mandible, contemporaneous newspapers referred to it as "Nutcracker Man" due to the large posterior teeth and jaws which gave it a resemblance to vintage nutcrackers. Phillip Tobias, a colleague of the Leakeys, has also received attribution for this nickname. Primitive tools fashioned out of rocks and bone were excavated at and around Olduvai's Bed I, sometimes called the FLK Zinjanthropus site since the finding of OH 5. 
Louis initially believed "P. boisei" to be a direct ancestor of modern humans (as evident from the title of his "National Geographic" article) and the maker of those tools found near its remains, but he withdrew this idea once he and Mary unearthed "Homo habilis" – which had a larger brain – in the same area less than two years later. Despite that, OH 5 made the Leakeys famous and brought more attention to the developing field of paleoanthropology. The cranium was taken to Kenya after its discovery and was there until January 1965 when it was placed on display in the Hall of Man at the National Museum of Tanzania in Dar es Salaam. It remains there as of 2009, still recognized by the name Zinjanthropus, or simply Zinj.

</doc>
<doc id="5966013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966013" title="Matt Letley">
Matt Letley

Matthew "Matt" Letley (born 29 March 1961) is an English rock drummer, most recently in the English rock band, Status Quo.
Career.
Letley's first recording were with his brother Mark's progressive rock band Sindelfingen when he was only 12; a live track including him was added to a CD reissue of their rare LP entitled 'Odgipig (he joined after the recording of that original LP). Letley attended Sir Joseph Williamson's Mathematical School, in Rochester, Kent. As a drummer he played for a number of well-known artists, including a-ha, Bob Geldof, Vanessa Mae, Hank Marvin and Kim Wilde.
Having joined Status Quo in 2000, his first tour with the band was in Germany. In 2006, Letley was part of Status Quo's "Just Doin' It" tour. On the picture to the right, he can be seen performing the drum solo, 'The Killer', that has frequently been included in the song "Gerdundula" since he joined the band. Since "Gerdundula" ceased to be performed in the Quo set, his solo was performed during "In the Army Now".
On 17 December 2012, Letley announced via his website that he would be leaving Status Quo after 12 years with the band. His final concert is to be Wednesday 19 December, at the O2 Arena as the final date of their 2012 winter tour.
It was announced in February that he would be returning for the planned tour of Australia.
Equipment.
Letley is endorsed by Noonan Custom drums, Paiste cymbals, Remo heads, Vic Firth drumsticks and Hardcases cases.
Drums:
Noonan Custom
Cymbals:
Paiste
Hardware:
Drum Workshop and Pearl Drums

</doc>
<doc id="5966021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966021" title="Do'ol">
Do'ol

Do'ol () is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia. It is situated about south of Galkacyo, the provincial capital.

</doc>
<doc id="5966031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966031" title="Géza Toldi">
Géza Toldi

Géza Toldi (11 February 1909 – 16 August 1985) was a Hungarian footballer. He played for Ferencvárosi TC, and from 1934 to 1938 for the Hungarian national team, serving as captain in 1936. He scored a goal in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.
Between 1950 and 1954 he coached Danish top-flight side Odense Boldklub, before he became head coach for AGF Aarhus from 1954 to 1956, where he became the first coach ever to win the Danish double and in his very first season in 1954-55, which also was the very first championship and Danish Cup tournament AGF had ever managed to win. He went on to win his second Danish Championship with AGF in 1955–56, before taking over as head coach for the Belgium national football team, the "Red Devils", for six games from 27 October 1957 to 26 May 1958. He was then succeeded by Constant Vanden Stock. 
Thereafter, he became coach of the Belgian first division team K. Berchem Sport in 1958-59 and 1959–60, before he once again returned to Denmark to coach AGF Aarhus from 1960 to 1964, winning the double in 1960 and thus becoming the most successful coach in the clubs very long history. He also coached B 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="5966038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966038" title="Doncaster Education City">
Doncaster Education City

Doncaster Education City (or DEC) is a £90 million higher and further education facility in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The centrepiece of the project is a new purpose-built campus in the centre of the town nicknamed "The Hub".
DEC is a joint project between Doncaster College, Doncaster Metropolitan Borough Council, the South Yorkshire Learning and Skills Council and Yorkshire Forward.
Existing facilities.
Doncaster's higher and further educational needs are currently served by Doncaster College. Doncaster College has two campuses - The Hub and the University Centre, Doncaster.
University Centre.
Historically, degree courses have been available at the college, which are accredited by local universities such as the University of Hull. In 2004, Doncaster College designated its High Melton campus as University Centre, with the aim of offering more degree courses, again with support from the University of Hull.
The future.
The aim of the project is to have a University College, Doncaster by 2009, and by 2012 have a University of Doncaster.

</doc>
<doc id="5966039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966039" title="Carlos Meléndez">
Carlos Meléndez

Carlos Meléndez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966045" title="Charles Murray Turpin">
Charles Murray Turpin

Charles Murray Turpin (March 4, 1878 – June 4, 1946) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
C. Murray Turpin was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania. He attended Wyoming Seminary in Kingston. He served as a corporal in the United States Army during the Spanish-American War in Company F, Ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, and was a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard from 1896 to 1901, rising to the rank of captain. He was employed as a carpenter, grocery clerk, and a steamboat captain before graduating from the dental department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1904. After graduation he commenced the practice of dentistry in Kingston in 1905. He served as a member of the board of education from 1916 to 1922, burgess of Kingston from 1922 to 1926, and prothonotary of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania from 1926 to 1929.
Turpin was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John J. Casey. He was reelected to the Seventy-second, Seventy-third, and Seventy-fourth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936. He was appointed assistant chief clerk of the Luzerne County Assessor’s Office in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He died in Kingston and is buried in Forty Fort Cemetery, Forty Fort, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5966049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966049" title="Chiswick Eyot">
Chiswick Eyot

Chiswick Eyot is a small, narrow, uninhabited ait (island) in the River Thames. It is on the Tideway by Chiswick, in the Borough of Hounslow, London, England, and has an area of .
The island is beside The Championship Course and is a well-known landmark in the commentary on The Boat Race. A green pole stands on one end of the island, which is used for timings by rowers of that course, at the southwest, church end of the island. Small craft can pass between the island and the Chiswick Mall on the Middlesex bank for about two hours at high tide, but the small channel is generally impassable otherwise, and at low tide it is possible to walk across it to the island.
Chiswick Eyot was used during the industrial revolution mostly for the growing of grass and osiers (basket willows, used for basketry, furniture, cart-making, as well as cattle fodder). Much erosion has taken place, and it now becomes fully submerged (excluding trees) at high tide.
The London Borough of Hounslow declared the island a Local Nature Reserve of Greater London in 1993.
Prior to 1934 when ownership passed to the local council, Chiswick Eyot was owned by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.
Chiswick Eyot is one of 43 unbridged tidal islands which can be walked to from the mainland of Great Britain, dating back to the British Iron Age such tidal islands are occasionally associated with being sanctuaries and meeting places; some are named Holy Islands. St. Nicholas Church, Chiswick is 200m west of the island on a slight rise by the river, the tower was built in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5966051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966051" title="Ciudad Seva">
Ciudad Seva

Ciudad Seva is a web site founded on December 12, 1995, by Puerto Rican author Luis López Nieves.
Creation.
The site was launched out of curiosity, as a way for López Nieves to keep in touch with his family and friends by what was, at the time, a new means of communication: the World Wide Web. He chose ""Seva"", the title of his first book, as the name of the site. In creating Ciudad Seva, López Nieves unknowingly became the first Spanish-speaking writer with his own webpage.
Development and growth.
Conceived as a way for the author to keep in touch with his friends and students, the site quickly grew into a place where people from around the world could get to know his work. The different sections have been vastly expanded over the years, now containing almost all publicly known information about the author and his writings.
Ciudad Seva Digital Library.
Founded in April 2001, the Ciudad Seva Digital Library has become a major attraction of the site. Begun as a way for the author to post useful stories for his students and courses, it now houses more than 3000 classic short stories.
Other uses.
In addition to its digital library function, the site houses numerous literary forums, including one for the peer review of writings and the exchange of ideas for improving each other's work. In addition, visitors can subscribe to a weekly classic short story via email.
See also.
Luis López Nieves

</doc>
<doc id="5966054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966054" title="KFXO-LD">
KFXO-LD

KFXO-LD is the Fox-affiliated television station for Central Oregon that is licensed to Bend. It broadcasts a Class A digital signal on UHF channel 39 from a transmitter in the city on Awbrey Butte west of U.S. 97. The station can also be seen on BendBroadband channel 10 and in high definition on digital channel 610. Owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company, KFXO is sister to NBC affiliate KTVZ and low-powered Telemundo affiliate KQRE-LP. All three share studios on Northwest O.B. Riley Road in Bend. Syndicated programming on the channel includes: "Family Guy", "The Simpsons", "Two and a Half Men", and "America's Funniest Home Videos". KFXO can also be seen on KTVZ's third digital subchannel (UHF channel 21.3) from the same transmitter on Awbrey Butte.
Translators.
The channel is rebroadcast on the following repeater stations.
Digital programming.
K45KM-D channel 45 is multiplexed. Through PSIP, it redirects to channel 39. It allows KQRE-LP to be seen on a digital signal because as a low-powered station, it does not offer one of its own.
History.
The station began as K39DU on November 17, 1993 as a translator of Fox affiliate KPDX in Portland (then owned by First Media). On December 18, 1995, it upgraded to low-power level and became KFXO-LP. The Meredith Corporation acquired KFXO-LP and KPDX in 1997 when the company bought out First Media. In 2002 when KPDX became a UPN affiliate, KFXO-LP became its own self-sufficient station although some common operations between the two continued. On December 31, 2008, the retransmission agreement with local cable provider BendBroadband expired. Consequently, local viewers had to view the station using broadcast signals. Just before kickoff of "The Fiesta Bowl" on January 5, 2009, BendBroadband and KFXO-LP successfully negotiated a retransmission agreement that returned its signal to the cable provider in time for the game. 
In late-2006, it was announced that Meredith would sell KFXO-LP to the News-Press & Gazette Company which occurred on May 24, 2007. BendBroadband filed a petition with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to block the proposed sale but it was still approved. The channel has a construction permit which allowed it to perform a "flash-cut" to digital and upgrade to Class A level. It was not required by law to make the transition on June 12, 2009 because of its low-powered status. The station has since begun broadcasting in digital, and changed its calls to KFXO-LD.
The station's website is a sub-page of sister station KTVZ.
Newscasts.
In 2002, the simulcast of KPDX's newscasts (by then canceled) were replaced with those of sister station and new Portland Fox affiliate KPTV. In January 2006, this was dropped in favor of KFXO's own separate news department which offered an hour-long prime time broadcast weeknights at 10. On June 22, 2007, the show was replaced by one produced by KTVZ. It was then reduced to a half-hour and expanded to seven nights a week. In September 2007, KTVZ began to air its newscasts in widescreen enhanced definition and the broadcast on KFXO was included. While not true high definition, it matches the ratio of HD television screens. At some point in time, KTVZ began producing a two-hour extension of its weekday morning show on this station. As of October 14, 2013, the weekday edition of "NewsChannel 21, First at 10:00 on FOX Central Oregon" has been expanded to an hour. The weekend edition remains a half-hour and the extended portion of the weekday morning show on KFXO is now a rebroadcast of KTVZ's weekday morning show. 
NewsChannel 21, First at 10:00 on FOX "(weeknights from 10:00-11:00 p.m.)
"(weekends from 10:00-10:30 p.m.)"
"KFXO features additional news personnel from KTVZ. See that article for a complete listing."

</doc>
<doc id="5966069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966069" title="KNM ER 3733">
KNM ER 3733

KNM ER 3733* is a fossilized hominid cranium of the extinct hominid "Homo ergaster", which is interchangeably referred to as "Homo erectus" It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya, right next to Lake Turkana, by Bernard Ngeneo, a field worker for Richard Leakey, in 1975. Its geographic location is not to be confused with that of KNM WT 15000*, Turkana Boy, also known as Nariokotome Boy, who was also found near Lake Turkana, nine years later, in 1984.
KNM ER 3733 is one of the oldest "Homo ergaster" skulls in the world. In a 1989 publication in the "American Journal of Physical Anthropology", Dr. Craig Feibel, now at Rutgers University Geology Department, and his co-workers, estimated the age of KNM-ER 3733 at around 1.8 million years old. However, more recent research using magnetostratigraphy has determined the age of KNM-ER 3733 to be about 1.7 million years old.
KNM ER 3733 is a find of a near-complete cranium. Its brain size is about 850cc. KNM ER 3733 was compared to male fossils KNM ER 3833 and KNM WT 15000 (Turkana Boy), who were also found at the Koobi Fora site, and because of this, is said to be female. The features of KNM ER 3733 are less robust compared to the two male crania. It is considered an adult because of the extensive wear of its teeth, the fact that its third molars were present before the individual died, and because its cranial sutures were fully fused, which is only possible in adult specimen.

</doc>
<doc id="5966072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966072" title="Heroes and Villains (football fanzine)">
Heroes and Villains (football fanzine)

Heroes and Villains is the title of a football fanzine written by and primarily aimed at fans of Aston Villa F.C.. It was launched in 1989, and has been in regular print ever since, long surpassing 100 issues.
It has been edited from the start by Dave Woodhall. Although of course primarily concerned directly with the fortunes of Aston Villa, occasionally other general football articles and humorous, nostalgic pieces are to be found amongst its pages.
It has been relentlessly and vehemently critical of Doug Ellis who was the chairman of Aston Villa during the period 1982 to 2006, after being involved with the club in one way or another since 1968. he was seen by many fans as being complacent and unambitious regarding the fortunes of the team.
As with most fanzines, many articles contain much baiting of local rival football clubs and their fans, in this case chiefly Birmingham City F.C. and West Bromwich Albion F.C.
However, a goodly part of the fanzine's contents consist of contributors' personal views on and memories of experiences derived from being a supporter of Aston Villa. Aston Villa's richly varied history, particularly that of the last 25 years and within living memory of most contributors, consisting as it does of Villa's League Championship and European Cup winning achievements of '81 and '82, their mid '80s decline culminating in relegation in '87, followed by a revival under Graham Taylor's management which led to an unexpected league runners-up spot just 3 seasons later, provides much material. As does a further, also unexpected, runners up placing in '93, league cup triumphs in '94 and '96, and the generally solid but unspectacular performance of the team, up to the 2005-2006 season's underachievements and the broad feeling of dissatisfaction with the way the club was being run.
The recent upturn in fortunes at the club, following Mr Ellis' sale to Randy Lerner is reflected in more recent editions. Even so, in these improved times the club is still not above criticism.
Something of a running joke in the fanzine concerns Villa's underachievement in the FA Cup, the club having not won the competition since 1957, with their only final appearance since then consisting of a dismal performance in losing 1-0 to the pre-Roman Abramovich Chelsea in 2000. As the 3rd round of the competition - Villa's usual entry point - approaches each season, many fans come to the agreement that this year is definitely "our year for the cup..."
References.
Heroes and Villains website
Heroes and Villains Facebook Page

</doc>
<doc id="5966082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966082" title="Parsons table">
Parsons table

The Parsons table is a modernist square or rectangular table whose four, flush, square legs are equal in thickness to the top.
Background.
The Parsons table was designed by Jean-Michel Frank whilst he was working at Parsons Paris School of Art and Design, then known as the Paris Atelier. While the form is generally credited to Parsons The New School for Design in New York City, according to an article in "The New York Times" that referred to archives at the Parsons School, the table was developed out of a course taught at Parsons Paris by the French designer Jean-Michel Frank in the 1930s.
As the article states, "Frank challenged students to design a table so basic that it would retain its integrity whether sheathed in gold leaf, mica, parchment, split straw or painted burlap, or even left robustly unvarnished. What grew out of Frank's sketches and the students' participation was initially called the T-square table ... " The first example, as recalled by Parsons instructor Stanley Barrows, was constructed by the school's janitor and displayed at a student show.
The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) exhibition in 2009-2010 presented the "Bauhaus 1919 to 1933", the entire course of the Bauhaus. A "Parson's" table, noted as a Children's table and chairs by Marcel Breuer, is documented in a photograph dating the table to 1923.
Parsons tables are often intended for use as modern or contemporary furniture, and their striking design has made them popular as coffee tables, dining tables, side tables, and occasional tables. Less-expensive versions are also available that can be easily stacked or disassembled and reassembled. Most are typically made of wood, metal, or plastic, and they are frequently employed in interior furnishings as well as patio or even lawn furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="5966088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966088" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Calgary">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Calgary

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Calgary () is a diocese that includes the Calgary Region, all of southern Alberta and the extreme lower half of the Alberta's Rockies region. It is currently led by Bishop Frederick Henry. It is a suffragan diocese for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton.
The diocese contains
82+ parishes and missions specifically:
37 parishes in Calgary alone; of which, 10 are ethnic parishes, an additional university parish to serve the University of Calgary and
45+ parishes and missions designated for southern Alberta and the rockies lower region.
In 2006: 87 Diocesan priests,
38 Religious priests
427,200 Catholics.
110 Women Religious,
48 Religious Brothers and
30 permanent deacons make up the spiritual work force in Calgary not including the other regions.
Rural Parishes and Missions.
Airdrie
Banff
Beiseker
Blairmore (Crowsnest Pass)
Bow Island
Brocket
Brooks
Canmore
Chestermere
Claresholm
Cluny
Coaldale
Cochrane
Drumheller
Fort Macleod
Hanna
High River
Lethbridge
Medicine Hat
Milk River
Okotoks
Oyen
Picture Butte
Pincher Creek
Rockyford
Siksika Nation
Standoff
Strathmore
Taber
Vauxhall
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Calgary, and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5966133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966133" title="Parson (disambiguation)">
Parson (disambiguation)

Parson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966150" title="Torin Thatcher">
Torin Thatcher

Torin Thatcher (15 January 1905 – 4 March 1981) was an English actor born in Bombay, British India, to English parents. He was an imposing, powerfully built figure noted for his flashy portrayals of screen villains.
He was educated in Britain at Bedford School and at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. He worked as a schoolmaster before first appearing on the London stage in 1927 and then entering British films in 1934. He appeared in the 1937 Old Vic stage production of "Hamlet", in which Laurence Olivier made his first appearance in the title role, opposite Vivien Leigh as Ophelia. During the Second World War, he served with the Royal Artillery and was demobilised with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
Thatcher appeared in classic British films of the late 1930s and 1940s, including "Major Barbara" (1941) and "Great Expectations" (1946), in which he played Bentley Drummle. He moved to Hollywood in the 1950s. He was constantly in demand, invariably lending his looming figure and baleful countenance to sinister or stern roles in popular costume thrillers such as "The Crimson Pirate" (1952), "Blackbeard the Pirate" (1952), "The Robe" (1953) (as the disapproving father of Marcellus), "The Black Shield of Falworth" (1954), "Helen of Troy" (1956), "Darby's Rangers" (1958) and "The 7th Voyage of Sinbad" (1958). He also appeared in the Marlon Brando and Trevor Howard 1962 remake of "Mutiny on the Bounty".
He returned to the stage quite frequently, notably on Broadway, in such esteemed productions as "Edward, My Son" (1948), "That Lady" (1949) and "Billy Budd" (1951). In 1959, he portrayed Captain Keller in the award-winning play "The Miracle Worker" with Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke. All of these plays were filmed, but Thatcher did not appear in the film versions.
Also a steady fixture on television, he appeared in such made-for-TV films as adaptations of A.J. Cronin's "Beyond This Place" (1957) and "The Citadel" (1960), "Bonanza" (1961), and "Brenda Starr" (1976). He also played the title role in a Philco Television Playhouse version of "Othello" and acted in a CBS production of "Beyond This Place" (1957). He appeared in programmes such as "The Real McCoys", "Thriller", "Gunsmoke", "Perry Mason", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", "Daniel Boone" and '. He was cast as the sly space trader in an episode of "Lost in Space". Thatcher, if not for his distinguished career, has become recognised by several generations of fans of ' from his performance as Marplon, secretly a member of the resistance in the episode ""The Return of the Archons"".
Thatcher died of cancer on 4 March 1981, in Thousand Oaks, Los Angeles, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="5966190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966190" title="Ionia, New York">
Ionia, New York

There are two hamlets that can be referred to as Ionia, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5966193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966193" title="Rubí rebelde">
Rubí rebelde

Rubi Rebelde (1989) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión. It was written by Perla Farias, Perla Farias, María Antonieta Gómez, Boris Izaguirre, and Carlos Romero 
and directed by Renato Gutiérrez. This telenovela lasted 172 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Synopsis.
The slums held no apparent future for Rubi, a young girl abandoned and exploited. Victor lives on the other side of town from Rubi. A minor accident brings them together, sparking an instant attraction. Víctor's family is torn by secret ambitions and bitterness. His mother is an angry woman full of resentment. She battles a hostile relationship with Victor's paternal grandmother, who controls the family's wealth. Victor's brother, with his villainous ideas and evil notions, is much like his mother. His younger sister, the sweet Virginia, is blind. Victor is outstanding, both kind and warmhearted, and Rubi is induced by him to enter the family home. His concern is misinterpreted by Rubi as love for her. To make matters worse, Rubi is despised by Victor's mother. His grandmother, however, finds her charm and innocence touching. To avenge her spiteful daughter-in-law, the grandmother changes her will to name Rubi sole benefactor. Now potentially wealthy, Rubi is thrust into an unknown world, one in which she will again be compelled to fight to survive.
Remake.
Nathalie Lartilleux will remake "Rubi Rebelde" in 2014 along with the 1970 Mexican telenovela "La Gata" into a new telenovela called "La Gata" , and Maite Perroni and Daniel Arenas will star as the protagonists.

</doc>
<doc id="5966199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966199" title="KNM ER 406">
KNM ER 406

KNM ER 406 is an almost complete fossilized skull of the species "Paranthropus boisei". It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya by Richard Leakey and H. Mutua in 1969.
It is an adult male with an estimated cranial capacity of 510 cc and age of 1.7 million years.

</doc>
<doc id="5966208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966208" title="Legionnaires' rebellion and Bucharest pogrom">
Legionnaires' rebellion and Bucharest pogrom

The Legionnaires' rebellion and the Bucharest pogrom occurred in Bucharest, Romania, between 21 and 23 January 1941. As the privileges of the paramilitary organisation Iron Guard were being cut off by "Conducător" Ion Antonescu, members of the Iron Guard, also known as the Legionnaires, revolted. During the rebellion and pogrom, the Iron Guard killed 125 Jews and 30 soldiers died in the confrontation with the rebels. Following it, the Iron Guard movement was banned and 9,000 of its members were imprisoned.
Background.
Following World War I, Romania gained many new territories, turning it into "Greater Romania". However, the approval of Union with these territories came with the condition of granting rights to ethnic minorities. The new territories, especially Bessarabia and Bukovina, included large numbers of Jewish people, whose presence stood out because their clothing, customs, and language were different from those common in Romania. Intellectuals, a wide array of political parties and the clergy led an anti-Semitic campaign; many of these eventually came to cast their political lot in alliance with Nazi Germany.
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact (August 1939) gave the Soviet Union a green light to take back Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina in June 1940 (see June 1940 Soviet Ultimatum, and Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina), and in August 1940 Germany and Italy's mediation of Romania's disputes with Hungary about Transylvania (resulting in the Second Vienna Award), and with Bulgaria about Dobruja (resulting in the Treaty of Craiova), caused large areas of Romania to be transferred back to Hungarian and Bulgarian control.
During the Romanian Army's withdrawal from Bessarabia, some of the local residents demonstrated their joy. Attacks on the soldiers by locals are also documented. Various reports speak of attacks on the retreating soldiers by Jews, though their veracity is disputed, and some have been proven to be fabrications. Additionally, although the reports defined all of them as "Jews", among the celebrators and attackers were Ukrainians, Russians, pro-Communists, newly released criminals, and ethnic Romanians. These reports, regardless of veracity, did much to incite many Romanians against Jews, strengthening existing anti-Semitic sentiment.
The Romanians were traumatized and frustrated by giving up these areas without a war, and the regime's position weakened significantly. The government scapegoated the Jews, with the press' support: 
The anti-semitic legislation that began with the "Jewish Codex" in Romania, and the establishment of the National Legionary State government, which set in motion the laws of Romanianization, which deprived Jewish people of their property and distributed it among supporters of the new regime, created an atmosphere in which anti-semitism was seen as legitimate, and even invited.
Politically, control was in the hands of the "Conducător" Ion Antonescu, and of an anti-semitic fascist government, assembled by Horia Sima. The latter headed the paramilitary Legionnaire movement, the Iron Guard (originally called the Legion of the Archangel Michael; throughout this article, only the name "Legionnaires" is used). There was a great deal of tension between the leaders due to thieving by the Iron Guard from the Jewish population. Antonescu believed the robbery was done in a fashion detrimental to the Romanian economy, and the stolen property did not benefit the government, only the Legionnaires and their associates. Besides the Jewish issue, the Legionnaires, achieving power after many years of persecution by the former regime of King Carol II (which even killed their former leader, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu), were vengeful toward anyone associated with the regime.
Preparations for the rebellion.
The disagreement between Antonescu and the Iron Guard about the robbery of the Jews was not about the robbery itself, but about the method, and the final destination of the stolen property. Antonescu held that the robbery should be done by way of expropriation, gradually, through an orderly process of passing anti-semitic laws. 
The Legionnaires were keen on robbing as much as possible, as quickly as possible, utilising methods based not in law, but in terror, murder and torture. The Legionnaires had an additional quarrel, with the German minority in Romania.
According to the laws of Romanianization, the Jews were forced to sell many of their businesses, a fact used by the Romanians to purchase those businesses for close to nothing. The German minority introduced a level of competition, by offering the Jews a better price than the one offered by the Legionnaires (on average, about a fifth of the real worth). The local Germans had capital received as a loan from Germany, Romanian money paid to the Germans for keeping military units in their territory (to protect them from the Soviets). Antonescu demanded that the Legionnaires cease their terror tactics, and the Legionnaires began plotting to usurp Antonescu and take over sole control of the country.
Initially, the Legionnaires began "defaming" Antonescu, mentioning his family relation to Jews (his stepmother and his ex-wife, whom he had married when was on a diplomatic mission to France, were Jews). They also accused him of being linked to Freemasonry. According to Nazi propaganda, the Freemasons were enemies of humanity, second only to Jews in wickedness.
In the twenty days preceding the rebellion, the level of anti-Semitic propaganda greatly increased, using all the tools at the Legionnaires' disposal. The propaganda emphasized the need for solving the "Jewish problem". Horia Sima and his comrades sought the sympathy of the Nazi regime in Germany, and built upon the ideological similarities between their movement and the Nazi movement, and had quite a few supporters within the Nazi establishment.
General Antonescu, who had the support of Romania's military, met with Adolf Hitler on 14 January 1941, in Germany. During this meeting, Antonescu promised Hitler the cooperation of Romania in a future German conflict with the Soviet Union, and gained Hitler's silent agreement to eliminating Antonescu's opponents in the Legionnaire Movement. Between 17 and 19 January the Legionnaire movement conducted a series of "lectures" throughout Romania, designed to demonstrate the National Socialist nature of their movement and to show their loyalty to Hitler.
Antonescu took measures to curb the actions of the Legionnaires, and on 19 January issued an order canceling the position of Romanization Commissars: well-paying jobs, held by Legionnaires. Additionally, Antonescu fired the persons responsible for terror acts committed by Legionnaires, from Minister of the Interior Constantin Petrovicescu, to the commanders of the Security Police and the Bucharest Police. He appointed loyal military men in their place. The military also took control of strategic installations, such as telephone exchanges, police stations and hospitals. The district officers, Legionnaires, were called to the capital for an important economic consultation, and were arrested in the middle of the meeting.
The rebellion.
On 20 January 1941, a German officer (thought to be Major Döring, the chief of German espionage in the Balkans) was murdered in Bucharest by a Greek citizen. This affair remains unsolved to this day, but it was the spark that lit the Legionnaire Rebellion. As previously mentioned, Antonescu had replaced the commanders of the Security Police and the Bucharest Police, but their subordinates, who received their orders from Horia Sima, refused to allow the new commanders to take their place. Legionnaires armed with firearms captured the Ministry of the Interior, police stations and other government and municipal buildings, and opened fire on soldiers trying to regain these buildings.
Antonescu's public addresses, intended to calm the public, were not published or broadcast, as the media was under Legionnaire control. The Legionnaires called the people to rise up against the Freemasons and the Jews (hinting at Antonescu's relations). The people who were possible targets for assassination by the Legionnaires were held, for their own protection, at the Ministry of the Interior. The Legionnaires' leaders, headed by Horia Sima, went underground. The Legionnaires held mass drafts at neighboring villages, and masses of peasants flooded the streets of Bucharest, answering the call to defend to country against the Jews and Freemasons. The Legionnaires took over gas stations and tankers, and used burning oil cans as a weapon against the soldiers. Only 15 loyal officers remained with Antonescu in his palace. For two days, the Romanian Military defended itself, and tried to besiege the Legionnaires' strongholds, but did not initiate attacks, and gave them a free hand. During this time, the Legionnaires published announcements claiming that the Jews had "revolted". During the days of the rebellion, the Legionnaires' newspapers (the only ones active during this time) engaged in vigorous propaganda against the Jews. At the end of the articles would appear the motto – "You know who to shoot".
The Bucharest pogrom.
The Bucharest pogrom was not a side effect of the rebellion, but a parallel event, purposefully organized to give legitimacy to the rebellion, and to equate the Legionnaires' opponents with Jew sympathizers.
Many parties took part in the riots against the Jews: police officers loyal to the Legionnaires, various Legionnaire organizations, the workers' union, student union, high-school students, Gypsies, and criminals. The attacks on the two Jewish boroughs (Dudeşti and Văcăreşti) began a few hours before the rebellion. Minister Vasile Iasinschi gave the order to set the Jewish neighborhoods on fire, and the masses stormed Jewish homes, synagogues, and other institutions. The Legionnaires' headquarters became torture centers, and Jews kidnapped from their homes were brought to them. Jews' homes were set on fire, and the Jews themselves were concentrated in places where they could be tortured to take their property, and have their women raped. Jews were murdered at random, but also at planned executions. Some Jews were thrown from the top floors of the police headquarters building, and others killed in the slaughterhouse. Military men did not take part in the pogrom, nor did police officers loyal to Antonescu. Those officers were forced to surrender their weapons and uniforms, and put under arrest.
Besides the purpose of extorting the Jews for their hidden property, sadistic youth (including teenagers) took part in the torture, for their own pleasure. The torture continued for hours and even days and nights, the torturers taking turns. The Jews were robbed of any possessions on their person, and sometimes even their clothes. They were made to give property hidden elsewhere, private or communal, and were often shot afterwards, as happened to the community's treasurer. Jews were coerced into writing suicide notes before being killed.
The persecutors were headed by Mircea Petrovicescu, the son of the Minister of the Interior who was deposed by Antonescu. Petrovicescu tied Jews to targets and shot them, aiming not to hit them, but to draw a line around them. He also used Jewish women stripped naked and tied with their backs to the target. After he was done shooting, they bore into the women's breasts with a drill, or cut them. Only one woman survived this treatment, but she was executed with other Jews. 
Legionnaire women took part in the pogrom; all survivors noted their involvement in the torture, and some of the worst acts of abuse were at their hands. According to the witnesses, Legionnaire women stripped Jewish men and hit their genitalia.
On 23 January, a few hours before the rebellion was quelled, a group of Legionnaires selected 15 Jews, at random. They took them in trucks to the local slaughterhouse, where they were shot. Five of the Jews, including a five year old girl, were hung on the slaughterhouse's hooks, still alive. They were tortured, their bellies cut, and their entrails hung around their necks in a parody of "shochita", Kosher slaughter of cattle. The bodies were labeled "Kosher". The slaughterhouse was closed for a week to purge and clean the house of the results. When Antonescu appointed a military prosecutor to investigate the events at the slaughterhouse, he reported that
Of the slaughterhouse episode, the Romanian author Virgil Gheorghiu later wrote: 
During the pogrom, 125 Bucharest Jews were murdered: 120 bodies were eventually counted, and five never found. Other Jews, not from the Bucharest community, who happened to be in Bucharest at the time, may have also been killed. The Legionnaires ignited the Jewish synagogues and danced around the flames roaring with joy. To accomplish their mission, they used a fuel tanker, sprayed the walls of Kahal Grande (the great Sephardi synagogue), and lit it. It was completely burnt. In the various synagogues, the Legionnaires robbed the worshipers, abused them, took all valuables, tore up the Holy Scriptures and ancient documents. They destroyed everything, even the lavatories.
During the riots, 1,274 businesses, shops, workshops and homes were badly damaged or destroyed. After the suppression of the rebellion, the army took the Legionnaires' loot in 200 trucks (not including money and jewelry). Some synagogues were partly saved. The large Heichal Hakorali synagogue was saved from burning completely, because the Legionnaires didn't bring enough fuel. In the large synagogue was a Christian, Lucreţia Canjia. She begged the rioters not to burn the synagogue, reminding them of their Christian teachings. The synagogue was saved.
The quelling of the rebellion.
During the days of the rebellion, Antonescu avoided direct confrontation with the Legionnaires, but brought military units, including 100 tanks, into Bucharest from other cities. As the chaos spread, worrying even Hitler, who was interested in Romania as an ally, the horrific picture of the Pogrom became clear. As stories spread, the military's fury against the Legionnaires grew (the Legionnaires had assaulted captured soldiers, stripped them of their uniforms, and even burned several of them). When Antonescu thought the moment was most appropriate, he gave the order to crush the rebellion. The military, led by General Ilie Şteflea, quelled the rebellion in a matter of hours with little difficulty. The Legionnaires could not defend against the military's superior firepower. As soldiers stormed their strongholds, the Legionnaires fled. During the skirmishes, 30 soldiers were killed and a hundred were injured. The number of legionnaires killed during the rebellion was approximately 200, although in later years Horia Sima would claim there had been
800 legionnaire casualties. 
After the rebellion was suppressed, Antonescu addressed the public on the radio, telling them "the truth", but never mentioning the pogrom. He asked the German garrison, which had sat idly by throughout the rebellion, to show their support. The German troops were sent marching through the streets of Bucharest, ending in front of the Prime Minister's building, where they cheered Antonescu.
After the Legionnaires' fall, the trend reversed, and the opportunists who had joined them fled. The press stopped supporting the Legionnaires, but remained anti-Semitic and nationalistic. Some of the Legionnaires' leaders, including Horia Sima, fled to Germany. Around 9,000 members of the Legionnaires' movement were sentenced to prison. The Legionnaires who led the anti-semitic trend in Romania had fallen and never regained power. However, the movement continued even without them, although it was set back for a while, as the atrocities of the Bucharest Pogrom gradually became known to the Romanian public. A few months later, those atrocities paled in severity compared to those of the Iaşi pogrom. One leader of the pogrom, Valerian Trifa, became a cleric and emigrated to the United States but was stripped of his United States citizenship in 1982 and left the United States rather than be deported.
Further reading.
2000, ISBN 1-56663-256-0.

</doc>
<doc id="5966216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966216" title="Delbar Jan Arman">
Delbar Jan Arman

Delbar Jan Arman, also Dilbar Jan Arman Shinwari () is a politician from Jaji Maidan district of Khost, Afghanistan. He is the current governor of Badghis Province. 
Delbar Jan Arman has a military and academic background. In the 1970s, he studied for six years at the American Technical College, Kabul. He was also trained in the Afghan Army.
From 2005 till 2009 he was the governor of Zabul Province, Afghanistan. He was an anti-Soviet insurgent who fled to Pakistan during the Taliban's rule of Afghanistan. He was appointed governor of Zabul on 3 March 2005 by President Hamid Karzai. Delbar Jan Arman is known for his intimate involvement with the U.S. Provincial Reconstruction Team based in Qalat and their combined efforts to quickly deploy development projects across the province. In May 2009 he switched positions with Mohammad Ashraf Naseri. Delbar Jan Arman became governor of Badghis Province, Mohammad Ashraf Naseri took overt the Government of Zabul Province.

</doc>
<doc id="5966221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966221" title="Tomás Fernández">
Tomás Fernández

Tomás Fernández Ruiz (date of birth and death unknown), was a Cuban footballer.
He represented Cuba at the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France, scoring a goal against Romania

</doc>
<doc id="5966224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966224" title="Gardiki">
Gardiki

Gardiki (), older form Gardikion, is a Greek toponym derived from proto-Slavic "Gordьkь", "town, fortified settlement" (cf. Grad (toponymy)), and may refer to the following villages in Greece and Albania:

</doc>
<doc id="5966246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966246" title="Aiguafreda">
Aiguafreda

Aiguafreda () is a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It is located near the Montseny massif. It has a population of 2,190 and occupies an area of 7.96 km². 
The principal economic activities are tourism and the textile industry. 
There is a large dolmen located in the center of the property of can Brull, and the church of Aiguafreda de Dalt, founded by the abbess Emma, daughter of the count Wilfred the Hairy.

</doc>
<doc id="5966249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966249" title="Cacequi">
Cacequi

Cacequi is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Its altitude is 103 meters.
Emancipation date: 23 December 1944.
The Patron Saint is Our Lady of Victory.
Its approximate resident population is 15,599 (2004 est.)
Its area is 2,441 km².
The distance from the city of Porto Alegre is 407 km.
The name of the city derives from the Tupi language: Cacequi, (bean's water) from "cumandá", bean; "í", water.
Other definition say the name of the city means: "indigenous chief water" or "indigenous chief River".
The mayor of the city is Renê Mendonça Fernandes.

</doc>
<doc id="5966255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966255" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul, Alberta">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul, Alberta

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul in Alberta () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Alberta. On February 2, 2012 Bishop Luc-André Bouchard, was appointed bishop of Trois-Rivières and was succeeded by Paul Terrio in an ordination ceremony on December 12, 2012. 
As of 2004, the diocese contains 59 parishes, 27 active diocesan priests, 5 religious priests, and 57,000 Catholics. It also has 20 Women Religious, 5 Religious Brothers, and 1 permanent deacon.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of and their terms of service:
List of Parishes.
St. Gabriel, Athabasca, Alberta
Mission of St. Catherine, Rochester, Alberta
St. Anne, Barrhead, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Evangelist, Swan Hills, Alberta
Mission of St. John, Ft. Assiniboine, Alberta
St. Louis, Bonnyville, Alberta
St. Alphonsus, Boyle, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, Prosperity, Alberta
Mission of Holy Rosary, Buffalo Lake Métis Settlement, Alberta
St. Dominic, Cold Lake, Alberta
Mission of St. Peter and St. Paul, Ardmore, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of the Assumption, Cold Lake, Alberta
St. Vincent, Conklin, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Fort Chipewyan, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
St. Joseph's, Fort Kent, Alberta
Mission of St. Michael, Elk Point, Alberta
Mission of St. Eugene, Fishing Lake, Alberta
St. Juilien, Fort MacKay, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
Mission of Fort MacKay
Mission of Chard
Mission of Conklin
Mission of Fort Chipewyan
St. Gabriel, Janvier, Alberta
Mission of St. John the Baptist, Fort McMurray, Alberta
St. Paul Church, Fort McMurray, Alberta
St. Catherine, Lac La Biche, Alberta
Mission of St. Anne, Hylo/Venice, Alberta
Mission of Sacred Heart of Jesus, Beaver Lake Reserve, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of the Snows, Big Bay/Owl River, Alberta
Mission of Holy Rosary, Heart Lake Reserve, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of the Poor, Elinor Lake, Alberta
St. Raphael, Le Goff, Alberta
Mission of St. Marguerite d'Youville, Elizabeth Métis Settlement, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Good Counsel, Frog Lake Reserve, Alberta
St. Emile, Legal, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Victories, Vimy, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Mount Caarmel, Waugh, Alberta
St. Jean de Brebeuf, Mallaig, Alberta
Mission of St. Helen, St. Lina, Alberta
Mission of St. Anthony, Goodridge, Alberta
St. Jean Baptiste, Morinville, Alberta
St. Isidore, Plamondon, Alberta
Mission of St. Philippe, Atmore, Alberta
Mission of St. Theresa of the Child Jesus, Breynat, Alberta
Sacred Heart, Saddle Lake Reserve, Alberta
Mission of St. Laurent, Brosseau, Alberta
St. Paul Cathedral, St. Paul, Alberta
St. Anne, Thorhild, Alberta
Mission of St. Patrick, Clyde Alberta
Mission of Sacred Heart, Egremont, Alberta
Mission of St. Joseph
Sacred Heart, Vilna, Alberta
Mission of Immaculate Heart of Mary, Kikino, Alberta
Mission of St. Mathais, Goodfish Lake, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Atonement, Smoky Lake, Alberta
St. Mary of Assumption, Westlock, Alberta
Mission of Christ the King, Jarvie, Alberta
Mission of St. Benoit, Pickardville, Albea
Mission of St. Finnan, Dapp, Alberta
St. Joseph, Whitecourt, Alberta
Mission of Our Lady of Peace, Fox Creek, Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="5966262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966262" title="KNM ER 992">
KNM ER 992

KNM ER 992 is a old fossilized lower jaw discovered by B. Ngeneo in 1971. The mandible was considered by C. Groves and V. Mazak Koobi Fora, Kenya to be the holotype specimen for "Homo ergaster".

</doc>
<doc id="5966282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966282" title="Ahmad Rida">
Ahmad Rida

Sheikh Ahmad Rida (also transliterated as Ahmad Reda) (1872–1953) () was an Levantine Arab linguist, writer and politician. A key figure of the Arab Renaissance (known as al-Nahda), he created the first modern dictionary of the Arabic language, "Matn al-Lugha", commissioned by the Arab Academy of Damascus in 1930, and is widely considered to be among the foremost scholars of Arab literature and linguistics. 
Rida was also heavily involved in Arab nationalist politics and has been variously described as "one of the leading reformers in Syria" and among the "key players in the turn-of-the-century stirrings of Arabism, local patriotism, and even defenses of Shi'i particularism". 
He argued for pan-Arab unity, and was among the first scholars in Jabal Amel to seek to integrate his Shi'ite co-religionists into the greater Arab and Muslim nations while retaining their identity as a religious community.
Political activism and social reform.
Born in Nabatiyeh, he was a main supporter of King Faisal's Greater Syrian rule, following the Arab Revolt in the First World War. With Ahmad Aref al-Zain, he represented Jabal Amel and Lebanon's Shi'ites in most of the conferences which, at first, led to the creation of the short-lived Syrian Arab Kingdom ruled by Faisal and later, in 1936, were held to underscore Syrian unity. 
He was one of the three reformers, alongside historian Mohammad Jaber Al Safa (also his son-in-law) and sheikh Suleiman Daher, to have started a scientific and social renaissance movement in Jabal Amel. The three had formed a prominent intellectual gathering, known as "the Ameli Three" (or "Amili Trio"), helping establish foundations and associations aiming at eradicating illiteracy in the region. This movement was part of what is known as Al-Nahda, of which Rida and his companions were considered to be the among pioneers in the Levant region.
The Trio played a principal role in forming Jabal Amel's political and cultural history, being the first Shi'i intellectuals to speak of an Arab nation and of an Arab state, and to formulate the arguments of the "Arabism" of the Shi'is. Rida and his companions spent two months in Aley's military prison, because of the group's violent stands against the Ottoman rule.
Legacy.
Sheikh Ahmad Rida wrote ""Matn al-Lugha"", the first dictionary of Arabic language since ""Lisān al-ʿArab"", written by Ibn Manzur in the 13th century. As a writer, a poet and a linguist, he was a member of the Arab Academy of Damascus, and was considered to be one of the greatest intellectuals to have emerged from Greater Syria, in the twentieth century. He was described by Egyptian writer Ahmad Amin as the "greatest writer in the Levant, and the greatest linguist in the Arab world". He was the uncle of prominent scientist Hassan Kamel Al-Sabbah, father-in-law of Muhammad Jaber Al Safa and great-grandfather of General Hisham Jaber.

</doc>
<doc id="5966294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966294" title="I Saved the World Today">
I Saved the World Today

"I Saved the World Today" is a song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics from their album "Peace" in 1999. It was written and co-produced by band-members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart.
The song was released as the first single from the album and returned Eurythmics to the UK singles chart for the first time in nearly a decade, peaking at number eleven. "I Saved the World Today" was not released as a single in the United States.
The song was briefly played as background music for a wedding party scene in season two, episode 12 of "The Sopranos", "The Knight in White Satin Armor", and then meaningfully used as background for the closing scene and credits of that same episode. It was also used in the diner scene and over the closing credits of Norwegian film "Lønsj".

</doc>
<doc id="5966314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966314" title="Dan Woren">
Dan Woren

Daniel E. Woren (born January 8, 1952) is an American voice actor who is also known as Jackson Daniels, Warren Daniels, Dan Warren, Don Warner, Daniel Woren, and Dan Worren. Woren is a huge fan of the San Diego Chargers and also comes from that area.

</doc>
<doc id="5966320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966320" title="Anji Bee">
Anji Bee

Anji Bee is a vocalist/lyricist, podcaster, former college radio DJ, and music journalist from Los Angeles. Bee is best known as the vocalist and front person of the band, Lovespirals, and the hostess and producer of music show, The Chillcast with Anji Bee.
Broadcasting history.
Anji Bee began her broadcasting career in 1996 as a college radio DJ at KUCI 88.9 FM, on the UCI Irvine campus. Her first show, Gloomy Sunday, aired from October 1996 to May 1997. This was immediately followed by another show, The All-Purpose Nuclear Bedtime Story. Bee and her co-host, Justin Johnsen, interviewed a number of underground culture figures on this show, including performance artist/musician/filmmaker, Miranda July, experimental solo artist and former Swans member, Jarboe, and ambient music composer, Robert Rich. Bee worked as KUCI's Music Director and Experimental Music Director, as well as Art Director and Editor of the station's program guide. Additionally she was a music writer for the guide.
In January 2000, Bee began an Internet radio program called "The Lovely Ladies of Electronica" on Live365. She later amended the name to Chillcast Radio with a slight change in music format.
Switching from radio to podcasting, in June 2005 Bee initiated the Chillin' with Lovespirals band podcast. Bee began contributing music and audio comments to the Daily Source Code—the podcast of former MTV VJ, Adam Curry, who had just created the Podsafe Music Network (now known as Music Alley). This association led to a podcasting contract for Bee when Curry founded the PodShow Network (now known as Mevio) with Ron Bloom that same year. Bee has guest hosted two episodes of the Daily Source Code, "Best of Charley #5" and "DSC #524: Adam Loves the Ladies". Curry has said that Bee "has the sexiest voice in podcasting."
In February 2006, Bee launched a new music podcast, The Chillcast with Anji Bee, featuring podsafe chill out music. In December 2006, she joined fellow PodShow podcasters the Rumor Girls, Cali Lewis, Soccergirl, and PodChick to create the group podcast, ShowGirls, which went on to win an award at the People's Choice Podcast Awards presented during the 3rd annual New Media Expo in 2007. In 2007, The Chillcast was added to Adam Curry's PodShow lineup on Sirius Stars 102, Bee created and produced the podsafe music podcast, Unwind, for the Tylenol PM brand, and Bee launched a vidcast edition of her weekly music show, called Chillcast Video, with the debut episode receiving over 200,000 requests. Additionally in 2007, Bee collaborated on the song, "On The Whole," with fellow PodShow podcaster, Mark Yoshimoto Nemmcoff for his comedic satire, Pussy: The Musical.
In 2009, The Chillcast was picked up by 246Live 100.7 FM Toronto for the Sunday morning midnight to 1 am timeslot.
In 2011, The Chillcast joined the new Club1 programming block on Nijmegen1 Radio on 107.8 FM in the Netherlands, airing from 4am to 5am each Sunday. Station music advisor, Wessel Rubensky, first discovered Bee via Adam Curry, who was a popular DJ and VJ in the Netherlands.
Musical history.
Over the past decade, Anji Bee has collaborated with a number of independent bands and musicians from all over the world including Canadian composer, Rom Di Prisco (as Bitstream Dream and Machineries of Heaven), Berlin DJ/Producer, Bloody Mary, German band, Chandeen, North Carolina producer, The Grooveblaster, San Francisco band, Karmacoda, and Finnish Creative Commons band, Moosefrog. The bulk of her recordings have been with Ryan Lum, of Love Spirals Downwards, under the shortened moniker, Lovespirals.
Bee's music has appeared on television, cable, DVD, and video games, as well as podcasts, Internet radio, and satellite radio, including: The Oprah Winfrey Show, Martha, E!'s Gastineau Girls, the WB's Popular boxed set, "The Strand: Venice" (by Daniel Myrick of The Blair Witch Project fame), EA Games' , Adam Curry's Daily Source Code, and multiple shows for MTV and VH1.
Her vocal style has been compared to Sade, Astrud Gilberto, Elizabeth Fraser, Tracey Thorn, Music critic Ned Raggett, wrote in Allmusic:

</doc>
<doc id="5966332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966332" title="Ahmed Rıza">
Ahmed Rıza

Ahmed Rıza Bey (; 1859 – 26 February 1930) was a prominent Young Turk, activist, scientist, and statesman during the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire. He became in 1908 the first President of the revived Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Ottoman parliament, and in 1912, he was appointed as the President of the Senate (the upper house) as well. He also served as Minister of Education from the Liberal Union party, the main opposition party to the ruling Committee of Union and Progress. In 1908, his name was among the candidates' list for the next Grand Vizier. He was the leading negotiator during the failed agreement of coalition between the Ottoman Empire, France, and Britain for World War I.
Ahmed Rıza has been described as a polymath by some authors. He was a critic of the deportations of the Empire's Armenians in 1915 during the Armenian Genocide.
Biography.
Ahmed Rıza was born in Constantinople (modern Istanbul) in 1859. He graduated from Galatasaray High School in Constantinople and subsequently studied agriculture in France. As a young man, he sought to improve the condition of the peasantry in the Empire. He was concerned with the conditions of the farmers and wanted to implement agricultural methods, supporting the ideas of the French sociologist, Auguste Comte. Like many of his other contemporary European progressives, Ahmed Rıza was opposed to colonialism, as well as class privilege. In 1894, he published a series of publications on unification of Islamic and Ottoman traditions of consultation. In 1895, "Meşveret", the journal that he published, became a locus of the exiled Young Turks movement. Ahmed Rıza opposed the maverick Prince Sabahaddin's calls for revolution and European intervention in the empire at the 1902 Congress of Ottoman Opposition in Paris. At the Second Congress of Ottoman Opposition in 1907, Ahmed Rıza at first reluctantly endorsed the use of violence to depose the sultan, but later reversed his position.
As an educator, he enacted the inauguration of the second high school for girls in Turkey, the Kandili School for Girls in 1916 in Constantinople (it was intended to be the first, but World War I delayed the execution of the project).
Ahmed Rıza also protested the legislation regarding the forced abandonment of Armenian goods by calling it illegal and immoral during the Armenian deportations of 1915.
After retiring from public life at the end of World War I, Ahmed Rıza wrote his memoirs. They were published more than 50 years after his death in 1988 under the title "Meclis-i Mebusan ve Ayan Reisi Ahmet Rıza Bey’in Anıları" ("The Memoirs of Ahmed Rıza, the President of the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate"). He died on 26 February 1930 in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="5966344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966344" title="Andrew Weber">
Andrew Weber

Andrew Weber (born August 9, 1983) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Portland Timbers in Major League Soccer.
Career.
Youth and College.
Weber played college soccer at the University of New Mexico where he holds UNM's career records for games played (83), minutes played (7,681), goalie wins (50), saves (350), and shutouts (25). He also played with the Cape Cod Crusaders and the Indiana Invaders in the USL Premier Development League, and was part of the squad which won the 2003 PDL title.
Professional.
Weber began his professional career with D.C. United, signing as a developmental player on June 3, 2005, after impressing during a one-week trial. Although he did not play a game in Major League Soccer, he did take part in three match-ups with United's reserve team. Weber joined Montreal Impact in the USL First Division in April 2006, and went on to make 29 appearances for the Québécois team over the next two years.
Weber signed with San Jose Earthquakes on February 11, 2009 and made his league debut on September 27, 2009 in a 2-1 win vs D.C. United. He was released by the team on June 29, 2010, but re-signed with San Jose on March 7, 2011. At season's end, the club declined his 2012 contract option and he entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Weber was not selected in the draft and became a free agent.
He signed with Seattle Sounders FC for the 2012 season. At season's end, Seattle declined his 2013 contract option and Weber entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Weber was not selected in the draft and became a free agent. He joined Phoenix FC in USL Pro for the 2013 season and later re-joined the Sounders on a loan; he returned to Phoenix following the loan (having made three starts in Seattle).
He joined the Portland Timbers ahead of the 2014 season.
Personal life.
Weber and his twin brother Elliot were contestants on the 20th season of "The Amazing Race" They ended up in 9th place out of 11 teams and were the third team eliminated in The Amazing Race 20 at Asunción, Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="5966345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966345" title="Cro-Magnon 1">
Cro-Magnon 1

Cro-Magnon 1 is a fossilized human skull of the sub-species "Homo sapiens sapiens". It was discovered, with other Cro-Magnon specimens, in Les Eyzies, France by Louis Lartet in 1868. 
It is dated to 27.680±270 Before Present (BP). The cranial cavity measures 1,600 cubic centimeters (cm3). 
The capacity of a modern adult human's cranial cavity is 1,200-1,700 cm3.

</doc>
<doc id="5966363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966363" title="Wisil">
Wisil

Wisil is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia. It lies west of the city of Hobyo, on the road towards Galkacyo. The town is administered by the autonomous Galmudug state government.

</doc>
<doc id="5966367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966367" title="Mutual credit">
Mutual credit

Mutual credit is a type of alternative currency in which the currency used in a transaction can be created at the time of the transaction. LETS are mutual credit systems.
Typically this involves keeping track of each individual's credit or debit balance. Although the effect is like a loan, no interest is charged, and since mutual credit allows for trading and cancelling balances with others, debts can be paid off indirectly. The "IOU" is a common example of this.
Advantages and disadvantages.
One economic advantage of mutual credit is that the currency supply is self-regulating—the money supply expands and contracts as needed, without any managing authority. The availability of interest-free loans is a great advantage to members of the system.
One downside of mutual credit, as with any form of credit, is the possibility of exploiting the system by running up a negative balance and then leaving. This problem is often addressed by caps on negative balance which can be raised as balances are paid off, or by limiting the system to a small, close-knit community based on trust, where the community holds people accountable. For this reason, most mutual credit systems are small (under 2000 members).
Examples and types of systems.
LETS, the Community Exchange System and the Cincinnati Time Store are examples of mutual credit systems. A number of different mutual credit systems have been proposed. Mutual credit can be combined with a number of features of alternative currency systems. For example, it is usually (but does not need to be) a local currency, and it can have a demurrage fee for the holding of balances.

</doc>
<doc id="5966375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966375" title="Jeff Newman">
Jeff Newman

Jeff Newman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966383" title="Juan Tuñas">
Juan Tuñas

Juan Tuñas Bajeneta, nicknamed ""Romperredes"" (17 July 1917 – 4 April 2011) was a Cuban footballer. He played for the Cuban clubs Juventud Asturiana and Centro Gallego, and was the oldest surviving member of the Cuba national football team that played at the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France, scoring a goal against Romania (according to the official FIFA match report [http://fifaworldcup.yahoo.com/06/en/w/pwc/mr_1156.html]).
After helping lead Cuba to the quarterfinals in their only World Cup appearance, he moved to Mexico and played for Real Club España, winning two Liga Mayor (Mexican First Division) championships there, in 1942 and 1945.
His nickname "Romperredes" means "net-breaker", after his powerful shots on goal.
In 2005, he received the Gloria del Deporte Cubano Award in La Habana. Since his retirement he resided in Mexico City and was the last surviving member of Cuba's squad from the 1938 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5966390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966390" title="List of independent schools in Scotland">
List of independent schools in Scotland

The following is a partial list of currently operating independent schools in Scotland. They are referred to as "private schools" in Scotland, common with most of the English-speaking world. The term "public school", used in England to refer to these independently operating schools, is not used in Scotland.
Many of the schools are perceived to be heavily influenced by the culture, practices and ethos of English private, or "public", schools. James Robertson, author, described Glenalmond College as "a Scottish boarding school modelled on the English public school system".
List of schools.
North
Central
Edinburgh
Glasgow
South
Figures.
Fees.
The Schools below are ranked in fees.
The schools are ranked here by day school pupil fees for 2010/11 and boarding fees are given where applicable. Membership of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference (HMC) is indicated, as well as the curriculum followed by the school: English (i.e. GCSEs, A-levels), Scottish (i.e. Standard Grades/Intermediates, Highers, Advanced Highers), Mixed English and Scottish, or International Baccalaureate (IB).
Exam results.
Scottish Exams
The following table ranks the schools by performance in the 2008 round of Scottish Qualifications Authority examinations according to the percentage of A/B grades achieved at Higher level according to The Times newspaper. The percentage of 1 grades at Standard Grade and A grades at Intermediate 2 are also provided. As indicated above, some independent schools in Scotland follow the English curriculum or offer the International Baccalaureate.
Higher and Standard Grade/Intermediate 2 Results
Here, schools following the Scottish exam curriculum are ranked according to the percentage of Highers achieved in 2009 at A/B, as recorded in The Times.
Results of English Qualifications
The below schools follow the English exam curriculum, and are ranked according to the percentage of A-levels achieved at A*/A, as recorded in The Telegraph.

</doc>
<doc id="5966392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966392" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Amos">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amos

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amos () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec. It is currently led by Bishop-elect Gilles Lemay, formerly an Auxiliary Bishop (assistant bishop) of the Archdiocese of Quebec, since his installation on April 15, 2011, to replace the retiring former Bishop Tremblay, who had reached the normal retirement age for bishops of 75. 
The diocese has 35 priests, 96 religious, and 88,875 Catholics. It has a total area of and a total population of 111,220.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Amos and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5966393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966393" title="Sarah White">
Sarah White

Sarah White is a singer-songwriter based in Charlottesville, Virginia, whose music can be roughly characterized as folk or alt-country.
Biography.
Sarah White was born in Warrenton, Virginia, and relocated as a child to Monroe County, West Virginia. When she returned to Virginia she became involved with the growing music community in Charlottesville and played in several bands towards the end of the 90's (White Trash Cookin', Pat Nixon, Miracle Penny). At the time the record label Jagjaguwar was based out of Charlottesville (before moving to Indiana to merge with Secretly Canadian) and released her first solo album in 1997, a collection of lo-fi four-track recordings made over a 3-year period dubbed "All My Skies Are Blue."
In 2000, she released her second album, also on Jagjaguwar, entitled "Bluebird" which was more melodic and was recorded in a studio. The record garnered her a wide range of positive reviews and comparisons to artists like Cat Power and Edith Frost. Later that year she recorded and self-released "Pickin' Strummin' And Singin'... The Versatile Sarah White" which was a collection of early country standards and traditional songs. 
After remaining fairly quiet for the next several years, Sarah White returned with a new band, Sarah White & the Pearls, in 2004 with the self-released "You're It" EP which focused even further on melodic writing and incorporated the more traditional folk and country song structures. In 2006 she completed her next full-length album with The Pearls, "White Light," which was released by Antenna Farm Records. She also performs with Sían Richards in the Acorn Sisters.
Sarah White's song "Sweetheart" won best song in Mountain Stage's annual Newsong Festival in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5966394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966394" title="Georg Carabelli">
Georg Carabelli

Georg Carabelli, Edler von Lunkaszprie (Squire of Lunkaszprie) (Hungarian: Carabelli György) (December 11, 1787, Pest – October 24, 1842, Vienna) was a prominent Hungarian dentist and professor of dental surgery in Vienna. He held a minor noble rank, which referenced the town
of Lunkaszprie (now Luncasprie, in Bihor County Romania).
Georg Carabelli was a court dentist to the Austrian Emperor and co-founder of the stomatology clinic at the University of Vienna. The Cusp of Carabelli, a small additional cusp sometimes found on the mesiolingual corner of an upper molar, was first illustrated in his textbook of oral anatomy, published in 1842, and later described in his handbook of dentistry, published posthumously in 1844. He wrote numerous textbooks and monographs.

</doc>
<doc id="5966396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966396" title="Transpose graph">
Transpose graph

In the mathematical and algorithmic study of graph theory, the converse, transpose or reverse of a directed graph "G" is another directed graph on the same set of vertices with all of the edges reversed compared to the orientation of the corresponding edges in "G". That is, if "G" contains an edge "(u,v)" then the converse/transpose/reverse of "G" contains an edge "(v,u)" and vice versa.
Notation.
The name "converse" arises because the reversal of arrows corresponds to taking the converse of an implication in logic. 
The name "transpose" is because the adjacency matrix of the transpose directed graph is the transpose of the adjacency matrix of the original directed graph. 
There is no general agreement on preferred terminology.
The converse is denoted symbolically as "G"', "GT", "GR", or other notations, depending on which terminology is used and which book or article is the source for the notation.
Applications.
Although there is little difference mathematically between a graph and its transpose, the difference may be larger in computer science, depending on how a given graph is represented. For instance, for the web graph, it is easy to determine the outgoing links of a vertex, but hard to determine the incoming links, while in the reversal of this graph the opposite is true. In graph algorithms, therefore, it may sometimes be useful to construct the reversal of a graph, in order to put the graph into a form which is more suitable for the operations being performed on it. An example of this is Kosaraju's algorithm for strongly connected components, which applies depth first search twice, once to the given graph and a second time to its reversal.
Related concepts.
A skew-symmetric graph is a graph that is isomorphic to its own transpose graph, via a special kind of isomorphism that pairs up all of the vertices.
The inverse relation of a binary relation is the relation that reverses the ordering of each pair of related objects. If the relation is interpreted as a directed graph, this is the same thing as the transpose of the graph. In particular, the order dual of a partial order can be interpreted in this way as the transposition of a transitively closed directed acyclic graph.

</doc>
<doc id="5966399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966399" title="Jeff Newman (musician)">
Jeff Newman (musician)

Jeff Newman (January 7, 1942 – April 7, 2004) was an American country musician who played the pedal steel guitar. He was a veteran Nashville session player. A devoted teacher and player, Newman also wrote a column for the short-lived specialty magazine "Steel Guitarist", appearing on the cover of the September 1979 issue. Newman was inducted into the Pedal Steel Hall of Fame in 1999.
Also an enthusiastic pilot, Newman died on April 7, 2004 while trying to land an ultralight aircraft on a private runway near Watertown, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="5966402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966402" title="NuMex Twilight">
NuMex Twilight

Numex twilight is one of the most unusual varieties of chili pepper developed at New Mexico State University (which creates all "NuMex" breeds of plant). It grows about 18 inches tall, and becomes covered in peppers that start out purple, then move through yellow and orange, becoming red when fully ripe, producing a rainbow effect on the green plant.
It is a hybrid based on the Thai Ornamental pepper.

</doc>
<doc id="5966434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966434" title="Not After Midnight">
Not After Midnight

Not After Midnight is a 1971 collection of short stories by Daphne du Maurier. It was published in Britain under the title "Not After Midnight" by Gollancz (with a cover by Daphne Du Maurier's daughter Flavia Tower), and published in America by Doubleday as "Don't Look Now". The book contains several novella-length stories, all with different characters and themes but similar in that they touch on the supernatural or strange events.
Don't Look Now.
The short story "Don't Look Now" has been adapted in several media: a classic 1973 film directed by Nicolas Roeg; a radio adaptation by Ronald Frame, first broadcast 9 December 2001 on BBC Radio 4 as part of the Classic Serial series; and a stage play by Nell Leyshon in 2007. 
Du Maurier's story differs from the filmed version in several respects. The Baxters are in Venice trying to recover from the death of their daughter Christine. In the book it is stated that Christine died from meningitis. In the filmed version, the little girl, clad in a red plastic raincoat, drowns at the family home one Sunday afternoon. 
In the short story, Laura and John joke about a couple of odd-looking identical twins eating in the same Venice restaurant as themselves. In the film, they are simply sisters. In the book, Laura states that in the toilet she "felt faint" after the ladies had talked to her about the dead Christine. Roeg portrays Laura as actually fainting, once arriving at the table following a trip to the toilet. In all other respects, the film is fairly faithful to the book. The "little girl" that John tries to rescue in Venice is also clad in a red plastic raincoat, which goes some way towards explaining why John is so concerned about her.

</doc>
<doc id="5966435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966435" title="Brian Davis (basketball)">
Brian Davis (basketball)

Brian Keith Davis (born June 21, 1970) is an American former college and professional basketball player who was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the 2nd round (48th overall) of the 1992 NBA Draft. A 6'7" guard-forward, Davis played football and basketball at Bladensburg High School, and was a member of the Duke Blue Devils' 1991 and 1992 back-to-back national championship basketball teams. Davis played in the French league with Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez during the 1992–1993 season alongside seven-foot-seven Gheorghe Muresan, and then returned to the NBA for the 1993–94 season with the Minnesota Timberwolves, where he played alongside former Duke teammate Christian Laettner. Davis played in 68 NBA games, averaged 5.5 minutes per game, and scored a total of 131 career points (1.9 per game). 
He played in 141 career games for Duke.
Business and philanthropy.
Davis co-owns the community development company Blue Devil Ventures (BDV) with former Duke teammate Christian Laettner and Duke alumnus Tom Niemann. Since 1995, BDV has been developing a community in downtown Durham, North Carolina named "West Village." BDV's website describes West Village as a "mixed-use, upscale community consisting of the adaptive-reuse of historic tobacco warehouses built between 1899 and 1926 and located in the Brightleaf District."
In 2005, Davis and Laettner donated $2 million to Duke's men's basketball program to endow an athletic scholarship and support the construction of a planned athletics center and basketball practice facility. Their donation to the Duke Legacy Fund — which seeks to make the Duke basketball program financially self-sufficient — represents the largest donation by former Duke basketball players to the program since Grant Hill endowed a $1 million scholarship in 2000.
In October 2006, it was reported in "The Commercial Appeal" that an investment group including Davis and former Blue Devils and Timberwolves teammate Christian Laettner had reached an agreement to purchase the 70% share of the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies franchise from current majority owner, Michael Heisley. However, the deal fell through when Davis's group failed to meet the deadline. Davis and Laettner were also involved in a group negotiating to operate Major League Soccer's D.C. United.

</doc>
<doc id="5966457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966457" title="GNU Bazaar">
GNU Bazaar

GNU Bazaar (formerly Bazaar-NG, command line tool codice_1) is a distributed revision control system sponsored by Canonical.
Bazaar can be used by a single developer working on multiple branches of local content, or by teams collaborating across a network.
Bazaar is written in the Python programming language, with packages for major GNU/Linux distributions, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows. Bazaar is free software and part of the GNU Project.
Features.
Bazaar commands are quite similar to those found in CVS or Subversion.
A new project can be started and maintained without a remote repository server by invoking the bzr init command in a directory which a person wishes to version.
In contrast to purely distributed version control systems which don't use a central server, Bazaar supports working with or without a central server. It is possible to use both methods at the same time with the same project. The websites Launchpad and Sourceforge provide free hosting service for projects managed with Bazaar.
Bazaar has support for working with some other revision control systems. This allows users to branch from another system (such as Subversion), make local changes and commit them into a Bazaar branch, and then later merge them back into the other system. Read-only access is also available for Git and Mercurial. Bazaar also allows for interoperation with many other systems (including CVS, Darcs, Git, Perforce, Mercurial) by allowing one to import/export the history.
Bazaar supports files with names from the complete Unicode set. It also allows commit messages, committer names, etc. to be in Unicode.
History.
Baz: an earlier Canonical version control system.
The name "Bazaar" was originally used by a fork of the GNU arch client "tla". This fork is called Baz to distinguish it from the current Bazaar software. Baz was announced in October 2004 by Canonical employee Robert Collins and maintained until 2005, when the project then called Bazaar-NG (the present Bazaar) was announced as Baz's successor. Baz is now unmaintained and Canonical declared it deprecated. The last release of Baz was version 1.4.3, released October 2005. A planned 1.5 release of Baz was abandoned in 2006.
Bazaar.
In February 2005, Martin Pool, a developer who had previously described and reviewed a number of revision control systems in talks and in his weblog, announced that he had been hired by Canonical and tasked with "build a distributed version-control system that open-source hackers will love to use." A public website and mailing list were established in March 2005 and the first numbered pre-release, 0.0.1, was released on 26 March 2005.
Bazaar was conceived from the start as a different piece of software from both GNU arch and Baz. It has a different command set and is a completely different codebase and design. Bazaar was originally intended as a test-bed for features to be later integrated into Baz, but by mid-2005 many of the major Baz developers had begun working primarily on Bazaar directly and Baz was abandoned.
Version 1.0 of Bazaar was released in December 2007. In February 2008, Bazaar became a GNU Project. In April 2012 Martin Pool left Canonical and the pace of development of the project has recently slowed down. According to Jelmer Vernooij the members of Canonical's Bazaar team were assigned to different tasks in early 2012 and he himself stepped down from contributing to Bazaar at the end of 2012, after 7 years of contributing to the project. In March 2013 a discussion on the GNU Emacs mailing list started about whether Bazaar is still effectively maintained and if Emacs should move to another version control system. In January 2014 Eric Raymond proposed and coordinated a transition of GNU Emacs from Bazaar to the git version control system. Likewise, the Bugzilla project retired Bazaar in favor of git in March 2014 for multiple reasons, one of them being the impression that Bazaar was almost dead: "There are maybe 2-3 commits to trunk every month. The time to fix bugs in Bazaar also seems to be quite long, generally."
Adoption.
Source code hosting.
The following websites provide free source code hosting for Bazaar repositories:
Projects using Bazaar.
Prominent projects that use Bazaar for version control include:

</doc>
<doc id="5966462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966462" title="Pinehurst Circle">
Pinehurst Circle

Pinehurst Circle is at the intersection of Western and Utah Avenues and 33rd and Worthington Streets in Northwest Washington, D.C. The circle forms a semicircle along the border of Washington with Maryland and contains bus stops for both the E6 and M4 lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5966463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966463" title="Thomas Cunningham Cochran">
Thomas Cunningham Cochran

Thomas Cunningham Cochran (November 30, 1877 – December 10, 1957) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Thomas C. Cochran was born in Sandy Creek Township, Pennsylvania (near Sheakleyville, Pennsylvania). He moved with his parents to Mercer, Pennsylvania, in 1879. He graduated from the Mercer High School in 1896 and from Westminster College in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, in 1901. He was a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity. He was a member of the faculty of Mercer Academy in 1902 and 1903. He studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1903. He commenced practice in Mercer, Pennsylvania. He was district attorney of Mercer County, Pennsylvania, from 1906 to 1909. He was a trustee of Westminster College.
Cochran was elected as a Republican to the Seventieth and to the three succeeding Congresses. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1934. After his time in Congress, he served as a delegate to the Inter-Parliamentary Union Conferences in Paris, France, in 1927, Berlin, Germany, in 1928, Geneva, Switzerland, in 1929, London, England, in 1930, and Istanbul, Turkey, in 1934, and as an observer in Oslo, Norway, in 1939, Istanbul in 1951, and Washington, D.C. in 1953. He resumed the practice of law, and died in Mercer. Interment in Mercer Citizens Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5966487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966487" title="Kalinga Navada">
Kalinga Navada

Kalinga Navada ( 1958–1990 ) was a well known yakshagana bhagavatha ('background singer') of 20th Century. He was noted for his melodious voice and tone and new innovations made in rendering yakshagana songs.
Family.
Kalinga Navada was born in 1958 as the fifth son to Padmavathi and Ramachandra Navada at Gundmi Village, Udupi, Taluk, Udupi District, Karnataka, India.
He married Vijayashree and had one son Agneya Navada.
Career.
Born in a Bhagavata family, Navada inherited this art from his father Ramachandra Navada who is well known yakshagana bhagavatha during 60-80's. Learning the art ranging from 'Hoovina kolu', 'jaapu' and 'chchaapu' of Yakshagana, he stepped into this creative art form. Within a brief span he was able to make good tunes, which attracted people. Imbibing the technicalities of music from the veteran Naranappa Uppoor and Ramachandra Navada, Kalinga Navada's talent was much appreciated by his fans and he was a cult hero of yakshagana art. With a proper hold on theatre, Navada innovated new ragas to reduce the monotony and increase the attraction thus bringing a special effect in Yakshagana. With a fusion of new ragas like Revathi, Kalavathi, Chaand, and Bihag with old ones, Navada carved a special place for himself in yakshagana field. He was the Bhagavat in Uppoor's troupe from 1971 to 1976 and in 1977. He joined the Vijayashree Yakshagana Mela of Perdoor and became popular. From 1978, after he joined Saligrama Mela, there was no looking back for him for 13 years till 1990 during which period he reached his peak of success and popularity.
Death.
At the age of 33, he died in a bike accident near Udupi.
New Prasanga.
Kalinga Navada has written few samajika yakshagana prsangas - Roopashri, Vijayashri, Kanchanashri & Nagashri. Out of which Nagashri stands tall in terms of maximum number of shows in yakshagana history.
Awards instituted.
An award, in the name of Kalinga Navada, is awarded to yakshagana artists every year.

</doc>
<doc id="5966493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966493" title="Solo Sessions">
Solo Sessions

Solo Sessions may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966494" title="Chân Không">
Chân Không

Chân Không (born in 1938) is an expatriate Vietnamese Buddhist nun, peace activist, and has worked closely with Thich Nhat Hanh in the creation of Plum Village and helping conduct spiritual retreats internationally. She wrote her autobiography, "Learning True Love: How I Learned & Practiced Social Change in Vietnam" in 1993.
Biography.
Chan Khong was born Cao Ngoc Phuong in 1938 in Ben Tre, Vietnam in the center of the Mekong Delta. As the eighth of nine children in a well-to-do family, her father taught her and her siblings the value of work and humility. She quotes her father as saying: “…never bargain with a poor farmer because for you a few dong may not be much, but for him it is enough to support his children."
In 1958 she enrolled in the University of Saigon to study biology. She was also involved in political action, becoming the student leader at the University, spending much of her time helping the poor and sick in the slums of the city.
She first met Thich Nhat Hanh in 1959 and considered him her spiritual teacher. In 1963 she left for Paris to finish her degree in biology which was awarded in 1964. She returned to Vietnam later that year and joined Thich Nhat Hanh in founding the Van Hanh University and the School for Youth and Social Service (SYSS). She was central in many of the activities of the SYSS which organized medical, educational and agricultural facilities in rural Vietnam during the war. At one stage the SYSS involved over 10,000 young peace workers who rebuilt many villages ravaged by the fighting. When Thich Nhat Hanh returned to the United States, Chan Khong ran the day to day operations.
On February 5, 1966 Chân Không was ordained as one of the first six members of the Order of Interbeing, sometimes called the "Six Cedars". Following her ordination, she was given the name Sister Chan Khong, True Emptiness. In explaining the meaning of the name, she says: "In Buddhism, the word 'emptiness' is a translation of the Sanskrit sunyata. It means 'empty of a separate self.' It is not a negative or despairing term. It is a celebration of interconnectedness, of interbeing. It means nothing can exist by itself alone, that everything is inextricably interconnected with everything else. I know that I must always work to remember that I am empty of a separate self and full of the many wonders of this universe, including the generosity of my grandparents and parents, the many friends and teachers who have helped and supported me along the path, and you dear readers, without whom this book could not exist. We inter-are, and therefore we are empty of an identity that is separate from our interconnectedness."
The Order of Interbeing was to be composed of monks, nuns, laymen, and laywomen. The first six ordainees were free to choose whether they preferred to live and practice as formal monastics or as laypersons. The first three women chose to live celibate lives like nuns, although we didn't shave our heads, while the three men chose to marry and practice as lay Buddhists. Among the three women was Nhat Chi Mai, who immolated herself for peace just a year later.
From 1969 to 1972 she worked with Thich Nhat Hanh in Paris organizing the Buddhist Peace Delegation which campaigned for peace in Vietnam. Since then she has worked with Thich Nhat Hanh establishing first the Sweet Potato community near Paris, then Plum Village Sangha in 1982. She accompanies and assists Thich Nhat Hanh when he travels. In addition, she has continued to organize relief work for those in need in Vietnam, coordinating relief food parcels for poor children and medicine for the sick, and helps organize activities at Plum Village.
Sister Chân Không ordained as a nun by Thich Nhat Hanh in 1988 on Vultures Peak, in India.
During the three-month return to Vietnam (January to early April, 2005), Thich Nhat Hanh spoke to thousands of people throughout the country - bureaucrats, politicians, intellectuals, street vendors, taxi drivers, artists. In addition to Thich Nhat Hanh’s Dharma talks, Sister Chan Khong also taught and conducted additional mindfulness practices. She led the crowds in singing Plum Village songs, chanting, and leading "total relaxation" sessions. Other times, it was her simple, application of Vietnamese heritage to modern ways of life that appealed to the people they met. During Tết (Vietnamese new year) celebrations in February, she performed an "oracle reading" for hundreds of Buddhist followers.
External links.
Media

</doc>
<doc id="5966495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966495" title="Aguilar de Segarra">
Aguilar de Segarra

Aguilar de Segarra is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, on the eastern edge of the comarca, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Aguilar de Segarra has several notable buildings: the Castle of Castellar, the Castle of Aguilar, and the churches of Sant Andreu d'Aguilar, Sant Miquel de Castellar, Santa Magdalena de Còdol-Rodon, Santa Maria de les Coromines and Santa Maria del Grauet.

</doc>
<doc id="5966497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966497" title="Rocco Barocco">
Rocco Barocco

Rocco Barocco, born in Naples, Italy in 1944 is a Fashion designer.
His real name is Rocco Muscariello. After his first steps in the fashion industry he legally changed his name to Rocco Barocco.
During his childhood and youth, he lived on the island of Ischia in front of Naples, where he grew up with his eight brothers. Charmed by the fashion world, he decided to move to Rome in 1962, where he worked with Patrick de Barentzen and Giles. In 1964 he started a company with Giles, which lasted for over ten years.
In 1974 he opened his own show room in Rome's piazza di Spagna and in 1979, after his success in haute couture, he presented his first prêt-à-porter collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5966505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966505" title="Observatory Circle">
Observatory Circle

Observatory Circle is a street in Washington, D.C. It runs from Calvert Street to Massachusetts Avenue near 34th Street. The street follows an incomplete loop, forming an arc rather than a circle. Number One Observatory Circle is the official residence of the Vice President of the United States.
The inside of the arc formed by Observatory was blurred on Google Maps.

</doc>
<doc id="5966507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966507" title="Psychophony">
Psychophony

Psychophony (from the Greek "psyke", soul and "phone", sound, voice) is the name given by Spiritism and some other spiritualist traditions to the phenomenon where, according to them, a spirit talks using the voice of a medium.
Spiritist Doctrine as codified by Allan Kardec identifies two main classes of "psychophony", to say, the "conscious" one and the "unconscious" one. The first one, as its name says, happens when the medium assures that he has mentally perceived or physically heard something that a spirit said, having only used his voice to reproduce it. The second one occurs when the medium assures that he ignores what was said, suggesting that a spirit used his phonetic organs while he was unconscious. As happens with all sorts of classification, this one is useful only for didatic purposes. Most psychophony occurrences are neither 100% conscious nor 100% unconscious laying somewhere between the two classes. 
In The Mediums' Book, Allan Kardec calls unconscious psychophonic mediums "speaking mediums".
In 1971, Konstantin Raudive wrote "Breakthrough", detailing what he believed was the discovery of electronic voice phenomenon (EVP). EVP, however, has been described as auditory pareidolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5966521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966521" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec. On 2 February 2012 Pope Benedict XVI appointed Auxiliary Bishop Paul Lortie, until now Titular Bishop of Gerpiniana and an Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec under Archbishop Lacroix, as Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mont-Laurier. 
Bishop Lortie was born on March 17, 1944, in Beauport, Quebec, Canada, in the Archdiocese of Quebec. After attending primary school, he entered the seminary at the "Sacré-Coeur de Saint Victor de Beauce" where he did his classical studies before moving to the Major Seminary of Quebec for theology studies. He received a licentiate in theology at the University of Laval in Quebec City. He was ordained to the presbyterate on May 16, 1970. From 1970 to 1972 he was on the faculty team of the Seminary of Saint-Victor, and then began further postgraduate studies in Paris, France, at the "Institut de catechesis." He returned to Canada in 1974, and he continued his education at the Faculty (college or school) of Education of Laval University in 1976, earning a "certification EN collgéiales Etudes." He was appointed Director of the Archdiocesan Office of Education, serving until 1983, when he became Secretary-General for Education of the Assembly of Bishops of Quebec. In 1989 he was chosen as a Director of the Office for the Pastoral Care of Vocations Committee, and as a Member of the Diocesan Council of Priests and Deacons. He was also Director of the Diocesan Christian Community in 1992, and a Companion of the Consecrated Virgins until 1994. In 1995 he was appointed parish priest in the "region" of Notre-Dame de Portneuf et De-Chambault, and in 1999 as pastor of Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Quebec (Saint John the Baptist of Quebec) and Chief of the Saints-Martyrs-parishes Canadiens and Notre-Dame-du-Chemin. In March 2008, he was appointed as the Episcopal Vicar of four pastoral regions: Amina, Lotbinière-Bois-Francs, Chaudière and Rive-south. 
On 7 April 2009 he was appointed Titular Bishop of Gerpiniana and Auxiliary Bishop of Quebec. He received his episcopal consecration on the following May 24. 
Bishop Emeritus Vital Massé's retirement for reasons of age, upon having reached the age of 75 when Catholic Bishops must offer to retire (Canon 401.1), was accepted the same day by Pope Benedict. 
As of 2004, the diocese contains 51 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 7 religious priests, and 82,000 Catholics. It also has 66 Women Religious, and 15 Religious Brothers. The Vatican's website, as of 2011, gives an area of 19,968 (units not given); a total population of 95,256; a Catholic population of 77,340; 35 priests; 1 permanent deacon; and 58 religious.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Mont-Laurier, including auxiliary bishops, and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5966527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966527" title="Grant Circle">
Grant Circle

Grant Circle is a traffic circle located in the Petworth neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C. New Hampshire and Illinois Avenues NW, Varnum Street NW, and 5th Street NW all intersect at this circle. The park within the circle is part of the National Capital Parks.
About the circle.
Grant Circle is named for Ulysses S. Grant, the former Union Army General who won the American Civil War and later was twice elected President of the United States. The local newsletter, the "Grant Circular", is named after the circle. The blocks surrounding the circle were fully developed by 1920, and the roadway around it paved in 1921.
The park within the circle is part of the National Capital Parks and is owned and administered by the National Park Service.
Petworth Methodist Church was built on Grant Circle in 1920. Grant Circle was one of the first locales in the city where the double-globe "Bacon lamppost" was erected. The Beaux-Arts-style street light was approved by the United States Commission of Fine Arts in 1924, and is still used only in the city's historic core.

</doc>
<doc id="5966529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966529" title="D. B. Weiss">
D. B. Weiss

Daniel B Weiss (born April 23, 1971) is an American author, screenwriter, television producer and director. His debut novel "Lucky Wander Boy" was themed around video games and he has since been linked with the screen adaptations of various science fiction and fantasy stories, in particular his collaboration with David Benioff as screenwriters and executive producers of "Game of Thrones", the HBO adaptation of George R. R. Martin's series of books. He has also expressed an interest in writing for video games.
Biography.
Born in 1971 and raised in Chicago, a graduate of Wesleyan University, he earned a Master of Philosophy in Irish Literature from Trinity College, Dublin and a Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing from the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Bibliography.
Novels.
In 2006, Weiss said he has a second novel finished that "needs a second draft."
Screenwriting.
D. B. Weiss was hired to rewrite the screenplay for a film adaptation of Bungie's game series "Halo", based on the script written by Alex Garland. The rewrite was completed in 2006. However, director Neill Blomkamp declared the project dead in late 2007.
In 2003 Weiss and David Benioff, who had been friends since college, were hired to collaborate on a new script of Orson Scott Card's book "Ender's Game" in consultation with the then-designated director Wolfgang Petersen. It was not used.
Weiss also worked on a script for a prequel to "I Am Legend." However, in May 2011, director Francis Lawrence stated that he did not think the prequel was ever going to happen.
Weiss currently works with David Benioff, the writer of "Troy", on the "Game of Thrones" television series based on George R. R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" book series.

</doc>
<doc id="5966534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966534" title="Triple accreditation">
Triple accreditation

Triple Accreditation is the accreditation awarded to 60 business schools worldwide by the three largest and most influential business school accreditation associations:
Of the 13,670 schools offering business degree programs worldwide, only 58 have Triple Accreditation as of November 2012. The diagram on the right shows the 55 triple-accredited schools outside of North America. Two triple-accredited schools are based in Canada and a further in Sheffield, UK not included in this diagram, bringing the worldwide total to 58. Recently Bradford University School of Management, UK has been added to this list."for AACSB, the diagram interpretation is as follows: 53 schools are accredited only by AACSB; a further 7 are accredited by AACSB and AMBA; another 23 are accredited by AACSB and EQUIS; and 55 are accredited by all three accrediting bodies."
A major reason for the small number of triple-accredited institutions in the world is the requirement of the Association of MBAs that AMBA-accredited business schools should only admit MBA applicants with at least three years of full-time post-graduation work experience. Most top US business schools cannot meet this criterion as they sometimes (though rarely) admit applicants with only a bachelor's degree and little or no work experience. This may explain why triple-crown accreditation is pursued primarily by European institutions.
Differences in Accreditation.
Each of the three institutions assesses a business school according to different criteria and scope:
Schools.
There are 58 triple-accredited schools based in 25 countries and territories as of November 2012:
Top Schools without Triple Accreditation.
Many of the world's top business schools are not triple-accredited, while several schools that appear low in the rankings have triple accreditation.
One reason for this is that some of the top business schools choose not to incur the financial cost of international accreditation and rely only on accreditation by their national accrediting body (usually the country's education ministry). The most notable example was the Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University in Canada which had not received accreditation by any of the three global accrediting institutions: in 2013 it was accredited by EFMD's EQUIS program.
Another reason is that the top schools in some regions do not meet one or more of the detailed criteria of the accrediting institutions and choose not to amend their policy. Notable examples are all top US business schools: Harvard Business School, Wharton, Stanford GSB, Columbia Business School, Chicago Booth, etc., which do not meet AMBA's mandatory three-year student-work-experience requirement for all MBA applicants.
A third reason is that the 509 schools that have obtained AACSB accreditation in the US and Canada (either via the standard accreditation process or via the granting of accreditation based on their reputation as top schools) do not look outside of North America for further validation, such as through European or British accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="5966536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966536" title="John Marsh (pioneer)">
John Marsh (pioneer)

“Doctor” John Marsh was born in 1799 in South Danvers, Massachusetts and died in Pacheco, California in 1856. He was an early pioneer and settler in California, and although he did not have a medical degree, is often regarded as the first person to practice medicine in California.
Early life.
Marsh graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover in 1819. He attended Harvard University from 1819 to 1823 and received a bachelor’s degree. He then studied medicine with a Boston doctor. 
Marsh migrated west, living in the Michigan Territory, where he opened a school, the first in what is now Minnesota. Marsh then became an Indian agent for the Sioux Agency at Fort Snelling, and took a French/Indian mistress named Marguerite, who bore him a son named Charles.
Marsh resumed his study of medicine, with a Dr. Purcell of Fort Snelling, but never received a certificate because of his mentor's death. He lived in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, where he got involved in the Black Hawk War between the Sioux and their rivals, the Fox and Sauk, and was blamed for a massacre of the Fox and Sauk by the Sioux. As a result, he was forced to flee to New Salem, Illinois, taking his mistress and small child with him. Leaving them there, he returned to Prairie du Chien. His mistress, pregnant again and abandoned by her lover, tried to walk for several hundred miles to rejoin him. The journey exhausted her and she and the child died in childbirth. Marsh then gave his small son to a Painter family in New Salem to be raised, and once again became involved in Indian affairs. He was discovered selling guns illegally to some of the Indians and had to flee the territory, this time settling in Independence, Missouri, where he became a merchant. He visited his son once more, then his business failed and in 1836 he emigrated, in the employ of the American Fur Company to Santa Fe, New Mexico and thence to Southern California via the Santa Fe Trail.
In California.
In southern California, Marsh found that he was the only person who had any knowledge of western medicine. He presented his Harvard degree to the local Mexican Government of Alta California. The degree was written in Latin, which none of the local authorities could read, so they took his word and granted him permission to practice medicine. Marsh was quite successful in his new profession, but his prices were very high, sometimes as much as a head of cattle to deliver a baby. Nevertheless he is credited as being the first person to practice medicine in Los Angeles.
Eventually he made enemies in Southern California and moved north in 1836, first to Mission San Jose (now in the city of Fremont, California). In 1838 he acquired the Rancho Los Meganos, a Mexican land grant, from Jose Noriega on what is now called Marsh Creek on the western edge of the town of Brentwood and just to the east of what is now Clayton, California (acquisition of the rancho seems to indicate that Marsh had become a naturalized Mexican citizen). The price was said to be $300 in cowhides. He thus became the first non-Hispanic white settler in what is now Contra Costa County. 
Marsh prospered there, but once again engaged in sharp business practices. He began to practice medicine, and again charged very high prices. There is some evidence that he cared for some of the survivors of the Donner Party while living near Mount Diablo. Marsh acquired tens of thousands of head of cattle and lived the life of a wealthy "ranchero". In addition, he paid very low wages to his workers, and many of them hated him. However, in 1841, when the first American emigrant party, the Bartleson-Bidwell Party, came to California from Missouri, Marsh invited them to be his guests, and thus the California Trail terminated in Brentwood. 
Marsh worked behind the scenes to promote American statehood, at the urging of U.S. consul Thomas O. Larkin, and in March 1845 wrote a letter signed by himself and 23 other expatriates, announcing a clandestine meeting for the Fourth of July. This letter has been designated the “Call To Foreigners” by modern historians. While Marsh does not take credit as the author it is universally agreed that it is his work. The meeting’s purpose was to, “promote the union and harmony and best interests of all the foreigners resident in California...”
During this period he began a search for his son, Charles, which proved to be fruitless. In 1851, the Reverend William W. Smith introduced Marsh to Abigail "Abby" Smith Tuck, a schoolteacher from New England, who also served as principal at a girls school in San Jose. After a brief two-week courtship, they were married. Soon after the wedding, the couple moved into the old adobe. On 12 March 1852, she gave birth to a daughter they named Alice.
John Marsh House.
Marsh soon began construction of a magnificent home built entirely of stone quarried from the nearby hills. Abby chose the location of the home next to Marsh Creek, with a fine view of the surrounding valley and Mount Diablo, a few miles south of the present city of Brentwood, California. Designed by San Francisco architect Thomas Boyd, the Gothic-Revival style home incorporated a tower and exterior porch supported by octagon pillars. The entire cost of the home did not exceed $20,000. Abby died in 1855, however, before the Stone House was completed. Marsh ultimately moved into the new house about three weeks before he was murdered.
His son and daughter inherited the ranch and stone house in which they lived, but who apparently let the property fall into disrepair and decay, and eventually became renters. They were visited in May, 1862 by William Henry Brewer and the California Geological Survey. The mansion, undergoing stabilization since 2006, still stands as part of Cowell Ranch/John Marsh Property State Historic Park which is preparing to apply for status as a National Historic Monument. The park includes of natural habitat. The Mansion is on the list of National Historic Places, and funds are being sought for restoration. It is not open to the public.
Death.
Marsh was active in California politics. On 24 September 1856, he began a journey from his land in eastern Contra Costa County to San Francisco for a personal or political appointment. On the road between Pacheco and Martinez, he was ambushed and murdered by three of his "vaquero" employees over a dispute about their wages. A California Historical Landmark (#722) plaque still marks the site of the murder.
Both John and Abigail Marsh are buried in Mountain View Cemetery, in Oakland, California.
Legacy.
According to local tradition, shortly before his death, a young man approached his door seeking shelter from a harsh storm. It was his son Charles, who had journeyed to California in search of his father. They enjoyed a happy, although short-lived reunion. Charles tracked down his father’s murderer, Felipe Moreno, and brought him to justice.
Alice Marsh was entrusted to the care of Mrs. Thompson at Marsh’s Landing, not far from present day Antioch, California. Alice Marsh married John Camron, one of the builders of Mt. Diablo toll road.
Marsh Creek, a stream in Contra Costa County, is named for John Marsh.
An elementary school in Antioch, California bears Marsh's name.
The California State Route 4 around the cities of Oakley, California and Brentwood, California has been named John Marsh Heritage Highway in honor of Dr. Marsh.

</doc>
<doc id="5966550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966550" title="Col">
Col

A col in the geographic (as opposed to meteorological) sense is a geomorphological term referring to the lowest point on a mountain ridge between two peaks. It may also be called a notch, a gap or a saddle, although the last-named usually has a wider meaning and may contain a mountain pass. The height of a summit above its highest col (called the key col) is effectively a measure of a mountain's prominence, an important measure of the independence of its summit. Cols lie on the line of the watershed between two mountains, often on a prominent ridge or arête.
Particularly rugged and forbidding cols in the terrain are usually referred to as notches. They are generally unsuitable as mountain passes, but are occasionally crossed by mule tracks or climbers' routes.
For example, the highest col in Austria, the "Obere Glocknerscharte" ("Upper Glockner Col", ), lies between the Kleinglockner () and Großglockner () mountains, giving the Kleinglockner a minimum prominence of 17 metres. The notch is about 8 metres wide and links the two peaks with a usually corniced, often only two foot wide, narrow, snow-covered ridge. The col is on the normal climbing route from the Adlersruhe to the summit of the Großglockner; it acts as the exit from the Pallavicini Couloir ("Pallavicini-Rinne") (an ice gully lying at up to 55 ° to the horizontal) from the north and has never been climbed from the south. Hardly anyone has ever considered crossing the Glockner massif via this col.
The overwhelming majority of cols are, however, unnamed and are either never transited or only crossed in the course of negotiating a ridge line. For example, every "Gratturm" ("ridge pinnacle", e.g. the "Gendarm") has a col. Many double summits are separated by prominent cols. The number of cols gave rise to the name of the Lyskamm ("Lauskamm").
The distinction with other names for breaks in mountain ridges such as saddle, wind gap or notch is not sharply defined and may vary from place to place.
Other well-known cols are:

</doc>
<doc id="5966571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966571" title="Stereotypes of East Asians in the United States">
Stereotypes of East Asians in the United States

Stereotypes of East Asians are ethnic stereotypes found in American society. Stereotypes of East Asians, like other ethnic stereotypes, are often manifest in a society's media, literature, theater and other creative expressions. Stereotypes of East Asians have been largely collectively internalized by society and these stereotypes have mainly negative repercussions for East Asians and East Asian immigrants in daily interactions, current events, and governmental legislation. In many instances, media portrayals of East Asians often reflect a dominant Americentric perception rather than realistic and authentic depictions of true cultures, customs and behaviors. East Asians have experienced discrimination and have been victims of hate crimes related to their ethnic stereotypes, as it has been used to reinforce xenophobic sentiment.
Orientalism, mysticism and exoticism.
According to Edward Said, "orientalism" refers to the manner in which West interprets or comes to terms with their experiences and encounters with the "foreign", "unfamiliar" Orient, or the East. Said claimed that "the Orient" was a European invention to denote East Asia as a place of exoticism, romance, and remarkable experiences and also as a concept to contrast against Western civilization.
The effects of orientalism in Western cultures includes the "othering" of East Asians and East Asian Americans; their cultures and lifestyles perceived as "exotic", in stark contrast to "ordinary" Western customs. While Western cultures are perceived or believed capable of change and modernization, East Asian cultures are considered ancient in contrast.
Stereotypes of exclusion or hostility.
"Yellow Peril".
The term "Yellow Peril" refers to a White apprehension, peaking in the late 19th-century, that white inhabitants of Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Canada, or the United States would be overwhelmed and swamped by a massive influx of East Asians; who would fill the nation with a foreign culture and speech incomprehensible to those already there and steal jobs away from the white inhabitants and that they would eventually take over and destroy western civilization, their ways of life, culture and values. The term has also referred to the belief and fear that East Asian societies would invade and attack Western societies, wage wars with them and lead to their eventual destruction and eradication. During this time, numerous anti-Asian sentiments were expressed by politicians and writers, especially on the West Coast, with headlines like "The 'Yellow Peril'" ("Los Angeles Times", 1886) and "Conference Endorses Chinese Exclusion" ("The New York Times", 1905) and the later Japanese Exclusion Act. The American Immigration Act of 1924 limited the number of Asians because they were considered an "undesirable" race. 
Australia had similar fears and introduced a White Australia policy, restricting immigration between 1901 to 1973, with some elements of the policies persisting to the 1980s. On 12 February 2002, Helen Clark, then prime minister of New Zealand apologized "to those Chinese people who had paid the poll tax and suffered other discrimination, and to their descendants." She also stated that Cabinet had authorized her and the Minister for Ethnic Affairs to pursue with representatives of the families of the early settlers a form of reconciliation which would be appropriate to and of benefit to the Chinese community. Similarly, Canada had in place a head tax on East Asian immigrants to Canada in the early 20th century; a formal government apology was given in 2007 (with compensation to the surviving head tax payers and their descendants).
Perpetual foreigner.
There is a widespread perception that Asian Americans are not "American" but are instead "perpetual foreigners". Asian Americans often report being asked the question, "Where are you really from?" by other Americans, regardless of how long they or their ancestors have lived in United States and been a part of its society. Many Asian Americans are themselves not immigrants but rather born and raised in the United States.
Asian Americans have been perceived, treated, and portrayed by many in US society as "perpetual" foreigners who are unable to be assimilated and inherently foreign regardless of citizenship or duration of residence in the United States. A similar view has been advanced by Ling-chi Wang, professor emeritus of Asian American studies at the University of California, Berkeley. Wang asserts that mainstream media coverage of Asian communities in the United States has always been "miserable." He states, "In mainstream media's and policymakers' eyes, Asian Americans don't exist. They are not on their radar... and it's the same for politics."
According to Jose Antonio Vargas, writer for the Washington Post, there's a game he likes to play called WTAG: Where's the Asian guy? In 2007, Vargas considered Daniel Dae Kim, co-star of ABC's "Lost" to be the only significant Asian male character. A study by UCLA researchers for the Asian American Justice Center (AAJC), "Asian Pacific Americans in Prime Time", confirmed that there had not been a tremendous amount of progress for Asian-American actors, on network TV. While Asian-Americans make up 5 percent of the US population, the report found only 2.6 percent were primetime TV regulars. Shows set in cities with large Asian populations, like New York and Los Angeles, had few Asian roles. 
One out of five people in the New York City borough of Queens is Asian, but CBS's "The King of Queens" had no Asian regular characters through its nine-season run. This is a series that had over 13 million viewers at its most popular and had been released in over 29 countries. Another television series that was well-known and popular was "The O.C." a show that was set in an American state known for its thriving Asian population and communities, but throughout it run the show had no prominent Asian characters. This was taken notice of by actress Ming-Na who stated, "I don't know what Orange County that show is representing, but there is not one single Asian in that show and I'm sorry, that is just wrong. It would be like having a show take place in China and not having one Asian represented."
Model minority stereotype.
Asian Americans have also been stereotyped as a "model minority"; that is, positive traits are applied as a stereotype. Asians as a whole are seen as hardworking, politically inactive, studious, intelligent, productive, and inoffensive people who have elevated their social standing through merit and diligence. Some theorize that this can be attributed to Asian's worldwide disproportionate business success as a middleman minority, as discussed in Amy Chua's book "". This label is given in contrast to other racial stereotypes which routinely accuse minorities of socially unwelcome traits: such as laziness or criminal tendencies.
However, some Asian Americans believe the model minority stereotype to be damaging and inaccurate, and are acting to dispel this stereotype. Scholars, activists, and most major American news sources have started to oppose this stereotype, calling it a misconception that exaggerates the success of Asian Americans. According to those trying to debunk this belief, the model minority stereotype alienates Asian Americans from other minorities and covers up actual Asian American issues and needs that are still not properly addressed in America today. For example, the widespread notion that Asian Americans earn higher-than-average income obscures issues such as the "bamboo ceiling" phenomenon, where advancement into the highest-level managerial or executive positions is blocked, and the fact that Asian Americans must acquire more education and work more hours than their white counterparts to earn the same amount of money. 
The "model minority" image is also seen as being damaging to Asian American students because their assumed success makes it easy for educators to overlook Asian American students who are struggling academically.
For example, 25.2% of Asian Americans over age 25 hold a bachelor's degree compared to only 15.5% of the general American population, thus giving the impression of Asian American success. However, only 6.9% of Cambodians, and 6.2% of Laotians in this age group in America hold bachelor's degrees- albeit attributed by researchers due to poverty and severe mental health issues due to these nations' civil war.
Asian Americans commit crimes at a disproportionately lower rate than other racial and ethnic groups in America. However, examples of criminal and unethical behavior are in contrast to the model minority construct. In 2007, Asian Americans were implicated in cheating scandals, shooting sprees, and political corruption. Most notable is the Virginia Tech massacre by Seung-Hui Cho, which led to the deaths of 33 individuals, including Cho himself. The shooting spree, along with Cho's Korean ethnicity, stunned American society. Other scandals which made headlines were the arrests of Norman Hsu, a former campaign donor to Hillary Clinton, Ed Jew, the former San Francisco Supervisor, and Kim Kyung Joon, a former Los Angeles City Commissioner who served as a business partner to former South Korean president Lee Myung-bak. Also in 2007, 34 MBA students, primarily of East Asian descent, were caught in a major cheating scandal at Fuqua School of Business of Duke University. Of those 34 students, 9 were permanently expelled, 15 were suspended for one year, and the rest received failing grades.
In 2013, the model minority image further took a hit with the numerous arrests of college educated Asian American students, including three Asian American students from Harvard arrested for separate incidents. One of the individuals, Eldo Kim, was arrested for calling the Harvard University campus for a bomb threat. His motive was to get out of taking final exams. Eldo's arrest made national news. In addition, recent University of Michigan graduate Bosung Shim was sentenced to federal prison for hacking into a medical admissions website in an attempt to alter his MCAT scores.
Another effect of the stereotype is that American society may tend to ignore the racism and discrimination Asian Americans still face. Complaints are dismissed with the claim that the racism which occurs to Asian Americans is less important than or not as bad as the racism faced by other minority races, thus establishing a systematic racial hierarchy. Believing that due to their success and that they possess so-called "positive" stereotypes, many assume they face no forms of racial discrimination or social issues in the greater American society, and that their community is fine, having "gained" educational and economic equality.
Archetypal East Asians in American fiction.
Fu Manchu and Charlie Chan are two important and well-known fictional East Asian characters in America's cultural history. Both were created by white authors, Sax Rohmer and Earl Derr Biggers respectively, in the early part of the 20th century. Fu Manchu is a sardonic, intelligent, yet evil Chinese murderer with plots of world domination, an embodiment of America's imagination of a threatening mysterious East Asian people. Charlie Chan is an apologetic submissive Chinese-Hawaiian detective who solves cases while politely handling the many racist insults hurled at him by white American characters, and represents America's archetypal "good" East Asian. Both characters found widespread popularity in numerous novels and films.
Fu Manchu: "evil" East Asian.
Thirteen novels, three short stories, and one novelette have been written about Fu Manchu and Sir Denis Nayland Smith, the British agent determined to stop him. Millions of copies have been sold in the United States with publication in British and American periodicals and adaptations to film, comics, radio, and television. Due to his enormous popularity, the "image of Fu Manchu has been absorbed into American consciousness as the archetypal East Asian villain." In "The Insidious Doctor Fu-Manchu", Sax Rohmer introduces Fu Manchu as a cruel and cunning man, with a face like Satan, who is essentially the "Yellow Peril incarnate".
Sax Rohmer inextricably tied the evil character of Fu Manchu to all East Asians as a physical representation of the Yellow Peril, attributing the villain's evil behavior to his race. Rohmer also adds an element of mysticism and exoticism to his portrayal of Fu Manchu. Fu Manchu contrives unnecessarily elaborately creative and cruel methods of murdering his victims, replete with allegedly East Asian methods or elements in his murders such as: "death by silk rope"- none of which have any basis in reality. Despite Fu Manchu's specifically Manchu ethnicity, his evil and cunning are pan-Asian attributes again reinforcing Fu Manchu as representational of "all" East Asian people. 
Blatantly racist statements (not considered so at the time the novels were published) made by white protagonists such as: "the swamping of the white world by yellow hordes might well be the price of our failure" again add to East Asian stereotypes of exclusion. Fu Manchu's inventively sardonic methods of murder and white protagonist Denis Nayland Smith's grudging respect for his intellect reinforce stereotypes of East Asian intelligence, exoticism/mysticism, and extreme cruelty.
Charlie Chan: "good" East Asian.
Charlie Chan, a fictional character created by author Earl Derr Biggers loosely based on Chang Apana (1871–1933), a real-life Chinese-Hawaiian police officer, has been the subject of 10 novels (spanning from 1925 to as late as 1981), over 40 American films, a comic strip, a board game, a card game, and a 1970s animated television series. In the films, the role of Charlie Chan has usually been played by white actors (namely Warner Oland, Sidney Toler, and Roland Winters).
In stark contrast to the Chinese villain Fu Manchu, East Asian American protagonist Charlie Chan represents the American archetype of the "good" East Asian. In "The House Without a Key", Earl Derr Biggers describes Charlie Chan in the following manner: "He was very fat indeed, yet he walked with the light dainty step of a woman. His cheeks were chubby as a baby's, his skin ivory tinted, his black hair close-cropped, his amber eyes slanting." Charlie Chan speaks English with a heavy accent and flawed grammar, and is exaggeratedly polite and apologetic. After one particular racist affront by a Bostonian woman, Chan responds with exaggerated submission, "Humbly asking pardon to mention it, I detect in your eyes slight flame of hostility. Quench it, if you will be so kind. Friendly co-operation are essential between us." Bowing deeply, he added, "Wishing you good morning."
Because of Charlie Chan's emasculated, unassertive, and apologetic physical appearance and demeanor he is considered a non-threatening East Asian man to mainstream audiences despite his considerable intellect and ability. Many modern critics, particularly Asian-American critics, claim that Charlie Chan has none of the daring, assertive, or romantic traits generally attributed to white fictional detectives of the time, allowing "white America ... be securely indifferent about us as men." Charlie Chan's good qualities are the product of what Frank Chin and Jeffery Chan call "racist love", arguing that Chan is a model minority and "kissass". Instead, Charlie Chan's successes as a detective are in the context of proving himself to his white superiors or white racists who underestimate him early on in the various plots. 
The Chan character also perpetuates stereotypes as well, oft quoting supposed ancient Chinese wisdom at the end of each novel, saying things like: "The Emperor Shi Hwang-ti, who built the Great Wall of China, once said: 'He who squanders to-day talking of yesterday's triumph, will have nothing to boast of tomorrow.'" Fletcher Chan, however, argues that the Chan of Biggers's novels is not subservient to whites, citing "The Chinese Parrot" as an example; in this novel, Chan's eyes blaze with anger at racist remarks and in the end, after exposing the murderer, Chan remarks "Perhaps listening to a 'Chinaman' is no disgrace."
Stereotypes of East Asian men.
Emasculation and asexuality.
In the mid-1800s, Chinese laborers were given an emasculated image due to their physical appearance, and the fact that they did what Americans considered to be "women's work." The Chinese workers sported long braids (the "queue hairstyle" which was compulsery in China) and sometimes wore long silk gowns. Because Chinese men were seen as an economic threat to the white workforce, laws were passed that barred the Chinese from many "male" labor-intensive industries, the only jobs available to the Chinese of the time were jobs that whites deemed "women's work" (i.e., laundry, cooking, and childcare).
In the documentary The Slanted Screen, the Filipino American director Gene Cajayon talks about the revised ending for the action movie "Romeo Must Die", a retelling of "Romeo and Juliet" where Aaliyah plays Juliet to Jet Li's Romeo. The original ending had Aaliyah kissing Chinese actor Li, which would have explained the title of Romeo, a scenario that didn't test well with an urban audience. So the studio changed it with the new ending having Trish (Aaliyah) giving Han (Jet Li) a tight hug. According to Cajayon, "Mainstream America, for the most part, gets uncomfortable with seeing an East Asian man portrayed in a sexual light." Asian men are often portrayed as feminine or sexless in American media.
Predators of white women.
East Asian men have been portrayed as threats to white women in many aspects of American media. Depictions of East Asian men as "lascivious and predatory" were common at the turn of the 20th century. Fears of "white slavery" were promulgated in both dimestore novels and melodramatic films.
Between 1850 and 1940, both US popular media and propaganda before and during World War II humanized Chinese men, while portraying Japanese men as a military and security threat to the country, and therefore a sexual danger to white women due to the perception of a woman's body traditionally symbolizing her "tribe's" house or country. In the 1916 film "Patria", a group of fanatical Japanese individuals invade the United States in an attempt to rape a white woman. Patria was an independent film serial funded by William Randolph Hearst (whose newspapers were known to promulgate threats of the yellow peril), in the lead up to the United States' entry into World War I.
"The Bitter Tea of General Yen" portrays the way in which an "Oriental" beguiles white women. The film portrays Megan Davis (Barbara Stanwyck) coming to China to marry a missionary (Gavin Gordon) and help in his work. They become separated at a railway station, and Davis is rescued/kidnapped by warlord General Yen (Nils Asther). Yen becomes infatuated with Davis, and knowing that she is believed to be dead, keeps her at his summer palace.
Misogynists.
Another stereotype of East Asian men is that they are misogynistic, insensitive, and disrespectful towards women. They are commonly portrayed as male chauvinists.
Changing perceptions of East Asian males.
More recent media depictions of East Asian males are at a seeming variance with traditional stereotypes. Study findings from an analysis of the TV show "Lost" suggest that increased globalization is responsible for providing a more multidimensional and complex portrayal of East Asian males in televised media.
Stereotypes of East Asian women.
The Dragon Lady.
East Asian women have been portrayed as aggressive or opportunistic sexual beings or predatory gold diggers using their feminine wiles. Western film and literature has continually portrayed such stereotypes of East Asian women: depicting East Asian women as cunning "Dragon Ladies". This is contrasted with the other stereotypes of servile "Lotus Blossom Babies", "China dolls", "Geisha girls", war brides, or prostitutes.
In contemporary times, the Dragon Lady stereotype is personified by Ling Woo, a fictional character in the US comedy-drama "Ally McBeal", (1997–2002) portrayed by American actress Lucy Liu. Ling was a cold and ferocious Chinese American lawyer who spoke Mandarin and was knowledgeable in the art of sexual pleasure unknown to the American world. At the time, she was the only significant representative of East Asian women on television (besides news anchors and reporters), leaving no one else to counteract this prominent stereotype. Thus, the portrayal of Ling Woo attracted much scholarly attention. University of Wyoming Darrell Hamamoto, Professor of Asian American Studies at the University of California, Davis, describes Ling as "a neo-Orientalist masturbatory fantasy figure concocted by a white man whose job it is to satisfy the blocked needs of other white men who seek temporary escape from their banal and deadening lives by indulging themselves in a bit of visual cunnilingus while relaxing on the sofa." Hamamoto does maintain, however, that Ling "sends a powerful message to white America that East Asian American women are not to be trifled with. She runs circles around that tower of Jell-O who serves as her white boyfriend. She's competitive in a profession that thrives on verbal aggression and analytical skill."
"China doll" stereotype.
According to author Sheridan Prasso, the China doll stereotype and its variations of feminine submissiveness recurs in American movies. These variations can be presented as an associational sequence such as: "Geisha Girl/Lotus Flower/Servant/China Doll: Submissive, docile, obedient, reverential; the Vixen/Sex Nymph: Sexy, coquettish, manipulative; tendency toward disloyalty or opportunism; the Prostitute/Victim of Sex Trade/War/Oppression: Helpless, in need of assistance or rescue; good-natured at heart."
An iconic source of images of East Asian women in the 20th century in the West is the 1957 British novel and 1960 American film, "The World of Suzie Wong," about a Hong Kong woman. UC Berkeley Professor of Asian American Studies Elaine Kim argued in the 1980s that the stereotype of East Asian women as submissive has impeded their economic mobility.
Another is Madama Butterfly ("Madame Butterfly"), an opera in three acts (originally two acts) by Giacomo Puccini, with an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa. It is the story of a Japanese maiden (Cio-Cio San), who falls in love with and marries a white American navy lieutenant. After the officer leaves her to continue his naval service away from Japan, Cio-Cio San gives birth to their child. Cio-Cio San blissfully awaits the lieutenant's return, unaware that he had not considered himself bound by his Japanese marriage to a Japanese woman. When he arrives back in Japan with an American wife in tow and discovered that he has a child by Cio-Cio San, he proposes to take the child to be raised in America by himself and his American wife. The heartbroken Japanese girl bids farewell to her callous lover, then kills herself.
There has been much controversy about the opera, especially its treatment of sex and race. It is the most-performed opera in the United States, where its rank as Number 1 in "Opera America"'s list of the 20 most-performed operas in North America. This popularity only helps to perpetuate the notion of the dominant white male over the subjugated East Asian female who can be cast aside and treated as easily dispensable according to Sheridan Prasso in her book, "The Asian Mystique: Dragon Ladies, Geisha Girls, & Our Fantasies of the Exotic Orient" published in 2005.
A contemporary example would be "Miss Saigon", a 1989 musical by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil, a modern adaptation of Giacomo Puccini's opera "Madame Butterfly". This musical has been criticized for what some have perceived as racist or sexist overtones. Criticism has led to protests against the musical's portrayal of Asian men, Asian women, and women in general. It banked a record $25 million in advance ticket sales when it was opening on Broadway.
Stereotypes of physical attributes and traits.
Darrell Y. Hamamoto argues that a pervasive racialized discourse exists throughout American society, especially as it is reproduced by network television and cinema. Critics argue that portrayals of East Asians in American media fixating on the epicanthic fold has the negative effect of caricature whether this ocular feature furnishes the basis for describing the Asiatic eye positively as "almond-shaped" or negatively as "slanted" or "slanty." Even worse, these critics contend, is the common portrayal of the East Asian population as having yellow or brown skin tones (which the critics reference as colorism). This colorist portrayal negatively contrasts "colored" Asian Americans with the white Europeans of North America in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. East Asians are also negatively stereotyped (or orientalized) as having straight dark (or shiny "blue") hair usually styled in a "bowl cut" (boys) or with straight overgrown bangs (girls). They are often homogenized as one indiscriminate monolithic conglomeration of cultures, languages, histories, and physiological and behavioral characteristics. Almost invariably, it is automatically assumed that a person of East Asian descent has genetic origins in China, Japan, or Korea.
Cultural critics also point out that East Asians are often stereotyped as having inherent skill in martial arts; as having poor English language skills; and as being inherently bad drivers. East Asians are also stereotyped as lacking social skills, or as being asocial. They are also stereotyped as academic overachievers who are passive, submissive, intelligent, industrious, technologically savvy, self-disciplined, self-sufficient, and law-abiding. A 2010 study found that Asian Americans are most likely to be perceived as nerds. This stereotype may be socially damaging due to histories of Asian exclusion. One study has shown Asians as being perceived as less masculine than Whites and Blacks.
East Asians are stereotyped as being athletically inferior to other races. This stereotype has led to discrimination in the recruitment process for professional American sports teams where Asian American athletes are highly underrepresented. Such was the case with professional basketball player Jeremy Lin who believed that race was one of the reasons why no NBA teams drafted him in 2010. This belief has been reiterated by sports writer Sean Gregory of "Time magazine" and NBA commissioner David Stern. Although Asian Americans comprised 6% of the nation's population in 2012, Asian American athletes represented only 2% of the NFL, 1.9% of the MLB and less than 1% of the NBA.
A psychological experiment conducted by two researchers revealed in their findings that East Asians who do not conform to common stereotypes and who possess qualities such as dominance in the workplace are "unwelcome and unwanted by their co-workers" and can even elicit negative reactions and harassment from people of other races.

</doc>
<doc id="5966577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966577" title="17 Again (song)">
17 Again (song)

"17 Again" is a song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. The song appears on the band's 1999 album, "Peace", and was released as the second single from the album in the UK in early 2000.
"Peace" was the first new album released by Eurythmics in a decade and the lyrics to "17 Again" find the duo reminiscing about their long-standing career in pop music. The song mentions "fake celebrities", "vicious queens", "the stupid papers and the stupid magazines" and makes the conclusion that ""sweet dreams are made of anything that gets you in the scene"". The closing of "17 Again" contains an interpolation of 1983's "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)".
"17 Again" peaked at number twenty-seven on the UK Singles Chart. In the U.S., there was no single, but promotional-only remixes were issued for nightclubs. "17 Again" became the first Eurythmics song to hit number one on the Hot Dance Club Play chart.
The song was featured in a season four episode of the American television series "Will & Grace" ("Bed, Bath, & Beyond"). It was also featured in season two of the American television series, "Charmed", in the episode titled "How to Make a Quilt Out of Americans".

</doc>
<doc id="5966583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966583" title="Center Township, Ohio">
Center Township, Ohio

Center Township, Ohio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966597" title="List of NCAA Division II football programs">
List of NCAA Division II football programs

This is a list of the schools in Division II of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the United States and Canada that have football as a varsity sport.

</doc>
<doc id="5966602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966602" title="Erik Hämäläinen">
Erik Hämäläinen

Vesa Erik Hämäläinen (born April 20, 1965 in Rauma, Finland) is a left-handed retired Finnish ice hockey defenceman. Hämäläinen currently is an Ice hockey coach, employed by SM-liiga team Lukko
Playing career.
Early career.
Erik Hämäläinen started his professional career with his hometown team, Rauman Lukko, which played in the Finnish SM-liiga. He debuted during the 1982–1983 Season. Lukko was demoted from SM-liiga after the 82-83 season, but gained promotion by winning the I-Divisioona in 1984. Hämäläinen played for six seasons (1982–1988) in Lukko. His last was cut short when an injury sidelined him for the most of the season. 
In 1989, Hämäläinen moved to Kuopio and started to play for KalPa. He stayed with KalPa for four Seasons (1989–1992) before transferring to Helsingin Jokerit in 1992. During his three year stint with Jokerit, he won a gold and silver medal to accompany his two silver medals from KalPa and Lukko. He also won the European bronze medal during his first season with Jokerit.
World Championship victory and move to Sweden.
After winning the 1995 World Championships with Finland, Hämäläinen was acquired by AIK. He played with the Swedish team for three seasons (1995–1998). He returned to his old team of Rauman Lukko in 1998. During his three seasons with Lukko, he played twice in the playoffs, but the team failed to get a place in the finals.
To Switzerland.
During the 2000–2001 season, Hämäläinen moved to play for SC Langnau, a Swiss team. After a disappointing season in Switzerland, he returned again to Rauma Lukko.
Late career and retirement.
During the 2005–2006 season, he broke the record for most SM-liiga games played with his 865th game; the previous record was held by Pertti Lehtonen. Hämäläinen's record was broken 18 February 2012 when Jan Latvala played his 1002nd game.
Hämäläinen played his last season during the 2007-08 SM-liiga season. Hämäläinen played his 1000th SM-liiga career game and after the season ended he announced his retirement from playing
Coaching career.
Shortly after his announcement regarding his retirement, Hämäläinen was contracted to a 2+2 year contract by Lukko. Hämäläinen will start as an Assistant Coach for Lukko in the beginning of 2008–2009 SM-liiga season.
International play.
Hämäläinen has played 108 games for Finland's national ice hockey team. He participated in four World Championship Tournaments (1992, 1993, 1994 and 1995), winning one gold medal (1995), two silver medals (1992, 1994). He was also part of the 1994 Olympic ice hockey team in Lillehammer, where the team won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5966605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966605" title="Axel Bauer">
Axel Bauer

Axel Bauer (born April 7, 1961 in Paris, France) is a French singer.
In 2001, his duet with French singer Zazie, "À ma place" reached number four on the French charts.
Biography.
Bauer first came to prominence with the release of "Cargo de Nuit" in 1983, featuring a video directed by the controversial filmmaker Jean-Baptiste Mondino - the first to be screened on the French version of MTV in 1984. Roger Daltrey, of The Who fame, went on to re-record the song on his 1987 solo album "Can't Wait to See the Movie" in English.
He went on to sign a contract with EMI, and became the first French artist to be housed in London by the record label. The first album as part of the deal, "Les Nouveaux Seigneurs", was a modest success, but a lack of radio airplay hampered its performance. Bauer disappeared from the music scene until he released his follow-up work, "Sentinelles", in 1990, with one of its singles, "Turn Off The Light", going gold a year later.
After a brief period of touring, Bauer again vanished from French music, before releasing "Simple Mortel" at the end of the 1990s, with critical praise outweighing commercial success.
"Personne n'est parfait", from which a duet with pop star Zazie, "A ma place", and the title track were taken, was released in 2001. "Ma place" went on to sell 800,000 copies, with the album also shifting 170,000 units (reaching the Top 20).
Bauer released his first 'best-of' compilation in 2003, and recorded a new album, 'Wild Cowboy' in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5966611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966611" title="Lisson Grove">
Lisson Grove

Lisson Grove is a district and also a street of the City of Westminster, London, located just to the north of the city ring road. There are many landmarks surrounding the area. To the north is Lord's Cricket Ground in St John's Wood. To the west are Little Venice, Paddington and Watling Street. To the north east is Primrose Hill and south east is Marylebone, which includes the railway station and Dorset Square, the original home of the Marylebone Cricket Club. It is south east of the London Planetarium, Madame Tussaud's, Baker Street and Regent's Park. The postal districts are NW1 and NW8.
History.
Lisson Green is described as a hamlet in the Domesday book in 1086, the edges of the settlement defined by the two current Edgware Road stations facing onto Edgware Road or Watling Street as it was previously known, one of the main Roman thoroughfares in and out of London. Occasionally referred to as Lissom Grove, originally Lisson Grove was part of the medieval manor of Lilestone which stretched as far as Hampstead. Lisson Green as a manor broke away c. 1236 with its own manor house. Paddington Green formed part of the original Lilestone estate
One of Lisson Green village's first attractions would have been the Yorkshire Stingo, a public house probably visited by Samuel Pepys in 1666 on a visit with a flirtatious widow. Stingo was the name of a particular Yorkshire ale. On Saturdays during the 1780s, lascars, former sailors from Bengal, Yemen, Portuguese Goa employed by the East India Company left stranded and destitute in London would gather to receive a small subsidy.
1700s.
Until the late 18th century the district remained essentially rural. The Austrian composer Joseph Haydn moved briefly to a farm in Lisson Grove in the spring of 1791 in order to have quiet surroundings in which to compose during his three-year stay in England The historical painter Benjamin Haydon described a Lisson Grove dinner party with William Wordsworth, John Keats and Charles Lamb at which Lamb got drunk and berated the ‘rascally Lake poet’ for calling Voltaire a dull fellow.
1800s.
Nowadays Lisson Grove is a much improved section of West London, but for over a hundred years it was one of the capital's worst slums. The area was notorious for drinking, crime and prostitution, as well as the extreme poverty of the people and the squalor and dilapidation of the homes they lived in. Local police officers only patrolled the district in pairs, and they described the women of the area as the most drunken, violent and foul-mouthed in all London. Situated between the sites chosen for Marylebone and Paddington railway stations, and on top of Regent's Canal, the industrialisation of the area was swift during the 19th century transforming the area from a pastoral outpost on the north western edge of London into a crossroads for goods, cargo and passengers.
Regent's Canal arrived in rural Lisson Grove in 1810 and with the construction of Eyre's Tunnel or Lisson Grove Tunnel under Aberdeen Place in 1816 and Marylebone railway station by H W Braddock for the Great Central Railway on the Portman Nursery site at the end of the century, the rural Lisson Grove was quickly engulfed by the expanding city during the 1800s.
In 1829 the Catholic church of Our Lady was built. Designed by J.J. Scoles in the new Gothic style, it was one of the first Catholic churches following the Catholic Emancipation Act. Nearby on Harewood Avenue the Convent of the Sisters of Mercy was also established as part of the Catholic Mission in St. John's Wood, serving the large Irish community attracted by the railway, canal and construction work. The same year George Shillibeer operated the first London omnibus from the Yorkshire Stingo taking passengers to Bank.
In 1861 John Hollingshead wrote in his social commentary 'Ragged London':
"This is the side of Lisson Grove which is supposed to contain the decent poor; and on the other side, in the streets leading into the Edgeware Road, is a more densely crowded and even lower population. Bell Street, now famous in history as the spot where Turkish baths were first established, is the main stream of a low colony, with many tributary channels. There is no particular manufacture in the neighbourhood to call the population together; a great number are not dependent upon St. John's Wood or the Regent's Park for a living; and they come together simply because they like the houses, the rents, the inhabitants, and the general tone of living in the settlement."
During the latter part of the 19th century a number of artisans and workers' flats and cottages sprang up from social housing initiatives spearheaded by Octavia Hill and the Peabody Trust. Across the road from The Green Man Inn, in 1884 Miles Building was built by the Improved Industrial Dwellings Association, facing Bell Street and Penfold Place.
The lost North Bank and South Bank Nash villas.
John Nash as a director of the Regent's Canal Company formed in 1812 began building detached villas set in gardens facing onto either side of the section of the canal running parallel to Lodge Road. Ultimately destroyed in 1900 in order to make way for St John's Wood electricity sub-station (North Bank) and Lisson Grove housing estate (South Bank) the enclave of distinctive white villas bisected by the picturesque banks of the canal attracted a literary and journalist set such as George Eliot, along with East India Dock Company employees with a working interest in being near the villas along Lodge Road.
"North and South Bank, have charming, if somewhat dilapidated streets of small villas standing in their own gardens, that ran down to the water and towpath either side of the canal. Incidentally these streets, owing to the eccentricities of some of the inhabitants, and the secrecy provided by the high walls of the gardens, had acquired a somewhat sinister reputation." In 1836 the North Bank was mentioned as being associated with scandal in a local history 'at this point the East India Dock Company whose employees were fairly thick on the ground in St John's Wood'.
While Nash was developing his villas in the north east of Lisson Grove, nearest Regent's Park, Sir Edward Baker (who gave his name to Baker Street) acquired the southern part of Lisson Green in 1821 and built large blocks of flats as an extension of Marylebone. From 1825 Sir Edwin Landseer moved to No 1, St John's Wood Road on the corner of Lisson Grove in a small cottage on the site of Punker's Barn. The journalist George Augustus Henry Sala born in 1828, recalls growing up in Lisson Grove during the 1830s "when the principle public buildings were pawnbrokers, and 'leaving shops', low public houses and beershops and cheap undertakers."
1885: The Eliza Armstrong Scandal.
The fictional Eliza Doolittle was born and raised in Lisson Grove and had to pay "four and six a week for a room that wasn't fit for a pig to live in" before coming under the tutelage of Professor Henry Higgins. These characters from George Bernard Shaw's "Pygmalion" are best known to modern audiences from the Lerner and Loewe musical and film adaptation of the play, entitled "My Fair Lady". In 1885 the case of 13-year-old Eliza Armstrong, who was sold to a brothel keeper for £5, caused such an outcry that the law was changed and so was the name of the street where she lived (from Charles Street to Ranston Street), such was the dishon­ourable reputation it had gained.
In 1890 construction began on Marylebone Railway, completing almost a decade later in 1899. In 1894 Landseer's house was destroyed to make way for railway artisan homes. Penfold Street was to become dominated by the Great Central Goods Depot Yard, along which a number of public houses sprang up: the Lord Frampton (now residential flats), the Richmond Arms and The Crown Hotel (known as Crocker's Folly since 1987). In 1886-96 the newly named Ranston Street saw a number of Almond & St Botolphs Cottages (nos 14 - 19) built under the initiative of social reformer Octavia Hill. As a strong advocate of small scale housing, cottages and mixed developments, she described these cottages as an experimental form of 'compound housing' e.g. maisonettes in her 1897 "Letter to Fellow Workers".
In 1897, local entrepreneur Frank Crocker, who also owned The Volunteer in Kilburn, had architect H.C. Worley of Welbeck Street, W1 draw up plans for an ornately eclectic public house The Crown Hotel, to be renamed Crocker's Folly from 1987. Situated on the corner of Aberdeen Place and Cunningham Place, it housed several Saloon bars on the ground floor with a hotel, dining rooms and a concert room on the floors above. Grade II* listed, it is currently under refurbishment as at September 2013.
1900s.
In 1903 the Home for Female Orphans was situated on the corner of Lisson Grove and St John's Wood Road. In November 1906 Henry Sylvester Williams (b.1867 - d.1911), a Trinidadian lawyer, anti-slavery and civil rights campaigner was elected to the Marylebone Council for Church Street Ward as the first black councillor in Westminster. A green plaque at 38, Church Street marks where Williams lived during 1906 -1908.
Following World War One, Lloyd George announced "homes fit for heroes" leading to a housing boom from which Lisson Grove was to benefit. In 1924, Fisherton Street estate was completed by St Marylebone Council with seven apartment blocks in red-brick neo-Georgian style with high mansard roofs grouped around two courtyards. Noted for their innovation at the time for being some of the first social housing to include an indoor bathroom and toilet, in 1990 the estate is was defined as the Fisherton Street Conservation Area The blocks were named for local areas and notable former residents.
In 1926 the London County Council began work on the Lilestone Estate, building a further eight apartment blocks defined by Fisherton Street, Penfold Street, Orchardson Street and Luton Street: Tadema, Eastlake, Frampton, Frith, Orchardson, Dicksee, Cooper and Stanfield.
Landseer and Dicksee were possibly named for the painters Sir Edwin Landseer (famous for sculpting the lions in Trafalgar Square) and Sir Francis Dicksee, a noted Victorian painter. George Frampton the sculptor had lived nearby at Carlton Hill and may have given his name to Frampton Street and Frampton House.Thomas Henry Huxley the self-taught biologist and ardent Charles Darwin supporter may have given his name to Huxley House. George Clarkson Stanfield and his son, both artistis
After the First World War dining rooms at 35 Lisson Grove became a fish bar, which was called the Sea Shell from 1964. Now relocated to the corner of Shroton Street, the restaurant is one of London’s best-known purveyors of fish and chips.
In 1960 the first Labour Exchange was established on Lisson Grove to much fanfare, and was late to take its place in punk music history as the place where Joe Strummer was to meet fellow The Clash member.
Arts & Antiques.
The area has a long association with art, artists and theatre. In 1810 the Royal Academy catalogues give sculptor Charles Rossi's address as 21 Lisson Grove, where he had bought a large house. By 1817, Rossi was renting out a section of the house to painter Benjamin Haydon. A blue plaque on the corner of Rossmore Road and Lisson Grove marks the spot and in 2000 author Penelope Hughes-Hallett wrote "The Immortal Dinner" with the focus on Haydon's dining companions invited to his Lisson Grove abode on 28 December 1817. Haydon's protege Edwin Landseer lived north on Lisson Grove on the corner of St John's Wood Road from 1825.
The arrival of Dutch painter Lawrence Alma-Tadema at nearby 44, Grove End Road in the late 1870s inspired the naming of one of the Lilestone Estate apartment blocks built in the 1920s as Tadema House. Eastlake House, situated opposite Tadema House, is possibly named for Charles Eastlake whose Eastlake Movement's underlying ethos of simple decorative devices that were affordable and easy to keep clean would have been of interest to those developing social housing in the 20th Century.
On Bell Street, the Lisson Gallery, established in 1967 by Nicholas Logsdail, championed the new British sculptors of the 1980s and continues to show new and established artists, with expanded premises further along Bell Street. Mark Jason Gallery at No 1 Bell Street specialises in promoting contemporary British and international artists. At No 17, Bell Street Vintage Wireless London has existed since 1979, selling a wide assortment of vintage turntables, radiograms, wirelesses, dansettes, reel-to-reels, amps and mikes.
In 2006 the Subway Gallery arrived in Joe Strummer's subway (an underpass for crossing beneath the Marylebone Road). Conceived by artist Robert Gordon McHarg III, the space itself is a 1960’s kiosk with glass walls which creates a unique showcase for art, interacting naturally with passers by, visitors and the local community.
The Show Room is located on Penfold Street, next to the main Aeroworks factory. The Show Room is a non-profit space for contemporary art that is focused on a collaborative and process-driven approach to production, be that artwork, exhibitions, discussions, publications, knowledge and relationships.
Church Street runs parallel to St John's Wood Road and plays host to a varied market Mondays - Saturdays, 8am - 6pm selling fruit and vegetables, clothes, and bags amongst other items. Towards the Lisson Grove end of Church Street is Alfie's Antique Market, London's largest indoor market for antiques, collectables, vintage, and 20th century design. Located in the former Jordans Department Store, decorated with an Egyptian art deco theme similar to the Aeroworks, the indoor market, "houses more than 200 permanent stall holders and covers in excess of 35,000 sq ft of shop space on five floors." Opened in 1976 by Bennie Gray, in the then derelict department store, the Antiques Market has since spawned twenty or so individual shops at the Lisson Grove end of Church Street specialising in mainly 20th century art and collectables
Theatres and Music Halls.
The Metropolitan Music Hall, re-launched with great refurbishment and extended capacity in 1867, was situated at 267, Edgware Road, opposite Edgware Road (Bakerloo) tube station entrance/exit and Bell Street. Paddington Green police station is now situated on this spot, having moved to make way for the Marylebone flyover.
The Royal West London Theatre was located on Church Street, a commemorative plaque above the Church Street Library marking its place. From 1904 onwards Charlie Chaplin trod the boards as a teenager.
Currently Lisson Grove has two theatres.
The Cockpit Theatre on Gateforth Street is a purpose built fringe theatre venue promoting "Theatre of Ideas and ensemble working.  Its regular classes & workshops, comfortable bar and friendly team enable this creative hub to support performers, the industry, diverse audiences, the local community and free radicals alike."
The Schmidt hammer lassen-designed City of Westminster College located at 25 Paddington Green contains the Siddons Theatre, named for the much acclaimed 18th century tragedienne Sarah Siddons, buried at St Mary on Paddington Green.
Places of Worship.
Christ church, Cosway Street, designed by Thomas Hardwick in 1822-24 and closed in 1973, now used as business premises.
Parks and Playgrounds.
Broadley Street Gardens
Fisherton Street Estate Playground
Education.
There a number of nurseries in Lisson Grove, two run by London Early Years Foundation (LEYF) at Luton Street and Lisson Green.
Primary Schools are St. Edward's Catholic Primary School, Gateway Academy on Gateforth Street and King Solomon Primary.
King Solomon Academy, an ARK school, was recently built on the site of the former Rutherford School for boys. The main building of the secondary school is Grade II listed, designed by Leonard Manasseh and Ian Baker in 1957 and completed in 1960. Mannaseh's style has been characterised as displaying a digested influence of Le Corbusier with traits including “crispness”, glazed or tiled pyramids (see the inverted pyramid on the roof of the school and the Egyptian sculpture garden), window walls with fine black mullions, assertive gables, and Baker’s bold geometrical masonry forms, and grand symmetry and rhythms. The interior lobby is lined in Carrara marble, with corridors lined in Ruabon tiles. When asked "Why the marble, Mr Manasseh?" he was reported as saying "Because it's boy-proof."
Public Houses.
The Brazen Head
Not a particularly popular name for a public house, this was named for the magical artefact, a speaking brass head, 13th century Friar Roger Bacon created, and the subject of legend circulating in the 16th century. The most famous Brazen Head features in James Joyce's Ulysses.
The Green Man (corner of Bell Street and Edgware Road, W2)
The legend is that the pub is named for a herbalist had lived on the site of the pub, due to the nearby spring which had curative properties. Noted for the eye lotion produced from the spring water, all subsequent leaseholders were obliged to sign a clause requiring them to offer the eye lotion for free on request, in his memory.
As recently as 1954 Stanley Coleman wrote in his 'Treasury of Folklore: London' "that you may ask the bar for eye lotion and the publican will measure you out an ounce or two" though it no longer came from the well in the cellar which had dried up when Edgware Road Tube station had been built on the site.
The Constitution
The Lord High Admiral
The Richmond Arms
The Perseverance
Transport.
Underground Tube stations.
The nearest London Underground stations are Baker Street, Edgware Road, Paddington station, Warwick Avenue and Marylebone.
Bus Routes.
Bus Routes serving the road Lisson Grove are 139 (West Hampstead to Waterloo via Trafalgar Square), 189 (Brent Cross to Oxford Street).
Edgware Road bus stops for Lisson Grove are served by bus routes 16, 6, 98, 414.
Crime.
The nearby Lisson Green estate has gone through vital regeneration which saw a huge drop in crime. The estate was a no go area in the 90s and early 2000s due to robberies, drug dealing, violence and gang related activity. The local ward (Church Street) was named the most deprived in London and the South East of England in 2004.
The street gang in the area known as the Lisson Green Mandem are thought to be one of the earliest gang in the area (although the names might have been different before). Police know the gang have altercations with other gangs nearby - Mozart SMG, ASA, Warwick Boys, and the Horror Road Alliance.
The murder of Jevon Henry in 2007 saw five men from the estate jailed for life. It was thought to be a drugs dispute between the two main gangs from the area. One of the gang which is predominantly Bangladeshi youths and another gang which was predominately Black youths.
Jevon Henry, 18, died in January 2007 from a single stab wound to the heart after being set upon by the five men in the Lisson Green Estate in Marylebone.
Kamal Abdul, 21, Muhid Abdul, 25, Jubed Miah, 26, Toufajul Miah, 21 and Taz Uddin, 22, must serve minimum terms of up to 19 years.
A witness saw one of the men strike Jevon with a hammer, jurors heard.
She called out in an attempt to make the attacker flee, before leaving the scene briefly to phone 999.
When she returned she saw Jevon stagger across a car park before collapsing.
He died of his injuries in St Mary's Hospital the next day.
Thugs from the estate are thought to have committed rioting and looting throughout the riots in August 2011. They teamed up with the Ladbroke Grove Bloods to cause havoc throughout west London.
The 70 strong gang set off along Queensway, kicking their way into a Gala Casino as staff tried to push a sofa against the glass doors to block their entry.
In CCTV footage, one member of staff can be seen trying to fight the yobs off with an umbrella, before fleeing into a back room. One worker had his arm broken by one of the attackers, who stole cash from behind the counter. 16 youths were arrested.
References.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/7943047.stm
Further reading.
"Pineapples and Pantomimes: A History of Church Street and Lisson Green", Westminster Libraries, 1992, E McDonald and D J Smith

</doc>
<doc id="5966618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966618" title="The Quincunx of Time">
The Quincunx of Time

The Quincunx of Time is a short science fiction novel by James Blish. It is an extended version of a short story entitled "Beep", published by Galaxy Science Fiction magazine in 1954. The novel form was first published in 1973.
Plot introduction.
Late in the 21st century, a device called the "Dirac communicator" 
promises instantaneous communication across interstellar distances. This would allow Earth security, headed by one Robin Weinbaum, to keep the peace. Before one of the devices can even reach a far-away system, someone starts producing predictions that suggest they have advance knowledge of Dirac communications.
Eventually it is realized that the new technology incorporates a way of learning about future events. The result is a lengthy discussion of free will versus determinism.
Explanation of the novel's title.
A "quincunx" can mean a group of trees—and specifically a set of five trees arranged at the vertexes of a pentagon in the manner of the Academy of Plato in Ancient Greece. Robin Weinbaum compares the new technology to being able to look down on time as if it were a set of trees, and determine which one shall grow, and which one wither.
Plot summary.
Capt. Robin Weinbaum of Earth Security submits to a request for an interview from Dana Lje, a video commentator, mostly because she can and has made his life difficult with her reporting of Security lapses, especially in a recent case involving the Government of Erskine, another planetary system. Ms. Lje reveals that she has received a communication from an outfit calling itself "Interstellar Information Ltd." about an incident in a star system so far away that even by a faster-than-light ship, no message could return from it in less than two months. The incident in fact is due to take place in the next few days. The communication also alleges that there is a new device aboard the ship, and gives the name of the device.
When Weinbaum hears the name—the "Dirac communicator"—he is forced to believe that Interstellar Information have access to information even he doesn't have. He brings in Dr. Thor Wald to explain the Dirac device to Dana Lje. She agrees to play along with Interstellar and its owner, J. Shelby Stevens, to let Security find out how the company gets its information.
A long investigation turns up exactly nothing. Even when J. Shelby Stevens allows an interview, under the conditions of so-called "stoolie's arrest" in which he voluntarily places himself in custody for interview, with a guarantee of being set free immediately afterward, there is no progress. The only result is that Stevens predicts the date of their next meeting.
Weinbaum uses the Dirac device to communicate with his agents, even though he suspects the communications may not be secure. Each audiovisual message is preceded by a loud beep and burst of visual static, which is so annoying that Weinbaum orders it edited from the tapes he reviews.
Finally Weinbaum discovers who Stevens really is, and to his amazement the day this happens is the exact day Stevens predicted they would meet again. He orders his agents to arrest the miscreant.
The explanation he gets is this: the beep that he found so annoying represents all the messages ever sent, or that ever will be sent, using the Dirac device. With proper techniques, it is possible to extract any message, whether it be recent, or far in the future.
Weinbaum realizes that this is an incredible and dangerous thing. On the one hand he can be ready for any hostile act on the part of Earth's enemies, but on the other he may, by choosing some events over others, affect the course of future history. The final chapters of the book are a long and well-informed discussion on free will and determinism (the preface of the novel has a quote on the subject from philosopher William James). Eventually Weinbaum decides that the best choice is no choice at all. If information in the beep states that something will happen, then his agents must make sure that it happens. He calls this principle "Thy will, not mine".
Major themes.
Blish, in a foreword to the novel, discusses the need he felt to expand the original short story. It arose because Larry Shaw, who had encouraged him to expand the novella A Case of Conscience into an award-winning novel, recognized that the story raised issues that Blish himself could and should write about at length.
Once it becomes clear to all the characters that the beep contains information from the future, each interprets the information in his or her own way. Dana Lje expresses the opinion that cause and effect are simply a construct of the mind, that events are fixed and the human consciousness is simply an observer. As far as she is concerned, she was forewarned of the events of the story and chose to follow the path that made them happen. Thor Wald takes the scientific point of view, noting that as newer theories replace older ones it is merely because they are more convenient or more accurate. Their relationship to reality is a matter of conjecture. He believes that, once enough dimensions of space-time are invoked, free will becomes inevitable.
Weinbaum has more immediate concerns. As one of his successors points out in the story which frames the novel, the problem with any message is context. The further removed from the current situation, the worse the problem is. The narrative even quotes the then-fashionable theory of paradigms of Thomas Kuhn, in order to show how shifting viewpoints can lead to different interpretations of a message. Weinbaum's conclusion was the only one which avoided the paradigm problem, in that it simply required the Security Service to act to make sure events happened as described, rather than trying to prescribe new events based on a potentially faulty understanding of a message.

</doc>
<doc id="5966620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966620" title="Kevin Salvadori">
Kevin Salvadori

Kevin Michael "Wheelchair" Salvadori (born December 30, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player. A center from the University of North Carolina, Salvadori went undrafted but did manage to play for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association for two seasons from 1996 to 1998. He was listed at 7'0".
His most notable accomplishment in the NBA was being the first and only player ever to score while in a wheelchair. Due to this accomplishment, he earned the nickname "The Wheelchair Guy" among his peers and fans. 
Recent research suggests that Kevin Salvadori may actually be a mentally retarded version of Mark Cuban, although this research is inconclusive.
His father, Al Salvadori, was drafted by the Baltimore Bullets in the 4th round (1st pick) of the 1967 NBA draft and was also selected by the Oakland Oaks of the American Basketball Association. Al Salvadori played one season for Oakland.
In his NBA career, Kevin Salvadori played in 39 games and scored a total of 42 points. He graduated from Seton-La Salle Catholic High School in Pittsburgh and was a member of North Carolina's 1993 National Championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="5966628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966628" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn–Noranda () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec. It is currently led by Bishop Dorylas Moreau. 
As of 2004, the diocese contains 38 parishes, 24 active diocesan priests, 9 religious priests, and 58,000 Catholics. It also has 84 Women Religious, and 10 Religious Brothers.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Rouyn-Noranda and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5966635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966635" title="Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge

The Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in north Key Largo, less than 40 miles (60 km) south of Miami off SR 905 (Card Sound Road). The 6,686 acre (27.1 km2) refuge (located in Monroe County, Florida) opened during the year of 1980, under the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 and the Endangered Species Act of 1973. It was established in order to protect critical breeding and nesting habitat for the threatened American crocodile and other wildlife. This area also includes of open water in and around the refuge. In addition to being one of only three breeding populations of the American crocodile, the refuge is home to tropical hardwood hammock, mangrove forest, and salt marsh. It is administered as part of the National Key Deer Refuge which is also located in the Florida Keys.
History.
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge was once entirely platted for residential development; however, accumulated deposits of dredge-spoils on the bayside of North Key Largo became an important nesting area for some of the country's remaining American crocodiles which have recovered in recent years from a low, in 1975, of approximately 200 in population size. The American crocodile had nearly been extirpated by hunting for export of its hide as an exotic leather. The government took protective action and listed the US population due to this hunting and, also, due to loss of habitat in the area. Due to its recovery trend, on March 20, 2007, the federal government downlisted the American crocodile from endangered to threatened, though the capturing and hunting of the crocodile is still forbidden. 
The crocodile is just one of several species of flora and fauna that occur in the refuge's habitats. The Key Largo Woodrat, Key Largo Cotton Mouse, Schaus Swallowtail butterfly, Florida semaphore cactus are listed as endangered, and the Stock Island Tree Snail and Eastern Indigo Snake are listed as threatened. All six species retain a precarious foothold in North Key Largo. Due to the once almost unrestricted commercial and residential development of the Florida Keys, the size and number of fragmented tropical hardwood hammock habitat have been reduced. Along with the decline of their habitat, the populations of animals who reside in the habitat have also declined. Though the refuge office distributes brochures and information, and has a 2,500 square-foot butterfly garden beside the office, the refuge's natural areas are closed to the public. This closure is necessary to protect the threatened and endangered listed species that occur on the Refuge.
Fauna.
Key Largo Woodrat.
The woodrat is a member of the Order Rodentia, and Family Cricetidae, subfamily Neotominae. Critecidae is one of the largest families of mammals, with 681 species in 130 genera and 6 subfamilies. The subfamilies of Cricetidae include: Arvicolinae (lemmings, voles, and muskrat), Cricetinae (hamsters), Lophiomyinae (crested rat), Neotominae (North American rats and mice), Sigmodontinae (New World rats and mice), and Tylomyinae (vesper rats and climbing rats) (Musser and Carleton, 2005). In other words, the Key Largo woodrat, and its smaller cousin the Key Largo cotton mouse ("Peromyscus gossypinus allapaticola") are in subfamily Neotominae, along with most native North American rats and mice, and are only distantly related to the "true rats," including members of the genus Rattus, the most important of which to humans are the black rat, "Rattus rattus", and the brown rat, "Rattus norvegicus". Many members of other rodent genera and families are also referred to as rats, and share many characteristics with true rats.is considered more as a type of mouse due to its similar behavior and physical characteristics. 
One of the favored habitats of the woodrat comes under the protection of the hardwood hammocks. These trees provide a critical home for this endangered animal; however, the woodrats are finding it harder to live because of the decreasing size of their hammock habitat, and because of subsidized predation by free-roaming house cats. Local researchers have discovered that the desired habitat for these creatures also has something to do with a type of roof coverage. They tend to prefer nesting in areas underneath rock formations, hurricane-downed trees, and even overturned boats. Experts say a devastating hurricane would down thousands of trees yet, would increase the woodrat population. The main shelter characteristic of the woodrats are areas containing roofs. The roof provides a type of cover that is critical for protection against predators and heavy rainfall. According to local volunteer and photographer Clay DeGayner, the woodrats' population has declined significantly over the past twenty years and at one point had dropped to numbers as low as 25 to 50 woodrats. 
Captive breeding program for the Key Largo Woodrat.
A captive breeding program was started to augment the endangered woodrat population and help it recover more quickly. The Key Largo Woodrat forages for food mostly at night and in tree tops. Though fallen fruit can easily found on the forest floor, that is also where the rat is most vulnerable to its predators. During the day, Key Largo woodrats shelter in crevices and fissures in the island's limestone substrate, and under dense tangles of tree roots. The normal diet of the woodrats consists of green leaves, flowers, buds and fruit from the trees they reside in and under. Woodrats are seldom found near human habitation and, unlike introduced rat species that came to America from Europe and Asia, woodrats are not attracted to or known to consume garbage. 
Though it had ended by 2010, the main purpose of the breeding program was to enhance the wild population in order to mitigate the population decline. Divided into a couple of different stages, the first step was to trap woodrats and then to breed them in a controlled, captive environment. Offspring were then released into the refuge, but unfortunately fell victim to predators, primarily feral cats.
Non-native Predators.
Burmese Python.
Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge (CLWR) and Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park (KLH) are separated by the County Road 905 right-of-way for approximately 10 miles. On April 13, 2007, two researchers were studying North Key Largo's population of Key Largo woodrats, one of two federally endangered mammals found only in North Key Largo (the other being the Key Largo cotton mouse). Graduate student / biologist Joanne Potts and her assistant, Wildlife Refuge volunteer Clay DeGayner, were working in KLH and tracking a telemetry signal transmitted by one of several radio collars they had placed on a small number of woodrats. The signal led them to a python weighing 12-pounds and measuring approximately seven feet in length, the radio signal was coming from inside the python. A post-mortem examination revealed that the snake had very recently captured and eaten, not only the collared woodrat, but also a second (uncollared) woodrat. The python also turned out to be the first vouchered (verified by a specimen or photograph) occurrence of its species found wild in the Florida Keys. However, over the following year, another half-dozen pythons were found after they were killed by traffic on roads in the same area. 
The appearance of numbers of Burmese pythons in North Key Largo was forewarning of a serious new threat to the survival, not just of the rare Key Largo Woodrat and Cotton Mouse, but also to another three federally endangered mammals found only in the Florida Keys: the Key Deer, Silver Rice Rat and Keys Marsh Rabbit are all found only in the Lower Florida Keys (on Big Pine Key and a few other islands further down the archipelago). Though pythons and other constrictors (especially boa constrictors) do take other prey, most have special adaptations for detecting and capturing warm-blooded prey (mammals and birds), even in total darkness. And the mammals and birds of south Florida and the Florida Keys have never been exposed to a predatory snake of this size, and may have a very hard time adapting defensive strategies before their populations are wiped out. A study of python prey in Everglades National Park shows an alarming declines among small mammal populations in the park. 
“There's a good chance we never would have found him,” said Scott Hardin, exotic-species coordinator for the state Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. “This was always my concern, what would happen when an exotic species like the python intersects with an endangered species. Here it's happened, and it has the potential to be a serious problem.” Hardin later assumed the seven and a half foot snake was either an escaped or released pet by someone who realized the python " become a burden". Walter Meshaka, senior curator for the State Museum of Pennsylvania, stated that pythons are very good swimmers and, therefore, it seemed reasonable to assume it had swum from the Everglades into the Key Largo area refuge. From 2008 to 2013, a USGS study focused on detection and removal of pythons on the refuge yielded very few snakes.
Feral and Free-Ranging Cats.
Feral and free-ranging cats have been identified as a major factor in the significant decline of the Key Largo woodrat and the Key Largo cotton mouse. Recent remote camera work has identified cats throughout the refuge and KLH, with some perched on top of nest structures. Cats have been returned that are 8 miles from their owner's homes. Cats are captured by staff and volunteers and turned over to the local animal shelter. The owners of cats that continually trespass may be subject to fines.
Flora.
Tropical Hardwood Hammock.
During the Cold War, a missile facility was built on the grounds where the refuge now lies. The base, constructed in an area which habituated the hammock, built numerous buildings and launch-pads to aid in war efforts. By the year 2000, the refuge had started plans for a project to remove unnecessary buildings and asphalt pavement from ares that had once been hardwood hammock. The refuge hopes this task will restore more than to the area. One of the primary natural values of hammocks is that they "provide critical habitats for five federally endangered species." These species, mentioned in the first section of the article, have decreased in population due to the removal of hammock over the past few decades. The refuge, therefore, has attempted to restore hammock habitat wherever it can. Hardwood hammocks consist of mostly West Indian hardwood species that occur (in the mainland United States) only in southernmost Florida, though some also remain on Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. Most of South Florida's hardwood hammock habitat was lost to urban and suburban development.
Keystone Pit restoration project.
There is a 2.16 acre (8,740 m2) hole (officially known as the "Keystone Pit") in the refuge, which manager Steven Klett has wanted to fill in order to revitalize the hammock habitat. The pit was dug 30 to 40 years ago in order to obtain fossilized coral to build and decorate fireplaces and other types of architecture (much of the limestone rock was mined as well). According to an article published by McClatchy-Tribune Business News, "ever-growing piles of muck from widening U.S. 1 north of Key Largo could be used to fill in a gaping hole in the Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge". The muck from the construction of the highway will most likely be used to help fill in the hole on the refuge. The main purpose of re-filling the hole is to populate the hardwood hammock by planting native vegetation in the area. The material referred to as 'muck' contains organic substances which will enhance the vegetation growth. Scientists in the area have claimed the substance to contain no damaging chemicals that would possibly harm animals or rather, the ecosystem. Originally, US Highway 1 had evacuated the muck in order to improve road conditions near the refuge. "I feel very good about possibly being able to solve our problem and the of Transportation problem," Klett said in an interview. The Department of Transportation was required to move the muck in an effort to clean up the area; however, staff at the refuge decided to ask for permission to use the muck (layering 36 inches) for gaping the hole.

</doc>
<doc id="5966641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966641" title="The Filthy Mittens">
The Filthy Mittens

The Filthy Mittens is a Pop/Rock cover band, formed in early 2004, from Chicago's Western Suburbs. The band has been featured on local radio stations including the Steve Dahl show ("where it earned number one band name status").

</doc>
<doc id="5966643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966643" title="Bailen">
Bailen

Bailen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5966649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966649" title="VTR (telecom company)">
VTR (telecom company)

VTR Banda Ancha (Chile) S.A. is a Chilean telecommunications company. It is the country's largest provider of cable television with 915,327 subscribers (a 44.4% market share as of September 2011). It is also the second largest provider of fixed broadband Internet access (38.1% market share) and fixed telephone service (19.3%), behind Telefónica, as of September 2011.
It is wholly owned by Liberty Global; Grupo Saieh's CorpGroup previously owned 20% until March 2014 when Liberty Global acquired the remaining 20% it didn't own.
VTR also owns Bazuca.com, a video rental services company, and —together with Turner Broadcasting System— CNN Chile, a 24-hour news channel based in Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="5966658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966658" title="Centennial Hill">
Centennial Hill

Centennial Hill is district at the northern edge of Downtown Atlanta, Georgia. The name was originally coined by Hines Interests and applied only to their planned development in the area. Although the development was never started and the land later sold, the name remained and became associated with the whole neighborhood. Due in part to the Georgia Aquarium and to renewed interest in city living, Centennial Hill is undergoing a development boom estimated at over US$1 billion[http://atlanta.bizjournals.com/atlanta/stories/2006/03/27/focus22.html]. This includes Allen Plaza, an eight-block mixed-use development that flanks Ivan Allen, Jr. Boulevard and encompasses several side streets. Comprising sleek glass skyscrapers that now house Southern Company and Ernst & Young looming over the Downtown Connector, in addition to W-Atlanta Downtown Hotel, Allen Plaza has already given a sleek new look to Centennial Hill.
The center of the neighborhood is considered to be the intersection of Ivan Allen Boulevard and Spring Street. The boundaries of the neighborhood are generally acknowledged to be North Avenue to the north, Baker Street to the south, Luckie Street to the west and the Downtown Connector to the east. About half of that area consists of the Centennial Place residential community, which in 1996 replaced Techwood Homes, which in 1936 had been the United States' first public housing project. Previous to the 1930s the area was a slum called Tanyard Bottom or Tech Flats.

</doc>
<doc id="5966669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966669" title="Todd Hallowell">
Todd Hallowell

Todd Hallowell (born August 29, 1952) is an American film producer. His credits include "The Da Vinci Code", Cinderella Man, "A Beautiful Mind", and Apollo 13.

</doc>
<doc id="5966674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966674" title="Stereotypes of Arabs and Muslims in the United States">
Stereotypes of Arabs and Muslims in the United States

Stereotypes of Arabs and Muslims in the United States have been presented in various forms by the mass media in the American culture. Stereotypical representations of Arabs are often manifested in a society's media, literature, theater and other creative expressions. These representations, which have been historically and predominantly negative, have adverse repercussions for Arab Americans and Muslims in daily interactions and in current events. In American textbooks, which theoretically should be less-creative expressions, similar negative and inaccurate stereotypes are also found for Arabs and Muslims.
Background.
Rudolph Valentino's roles in "The Sheik" (1921) and "The Son of the Sheik" (1926) set the stage for the exploration and negative portrayal of Arabs in Hollywood films. Both "The Sheik" and "The Son of the Sheik" represented Arab characters as thieves, charlatans, murderers, and brutes.
Other foreign movies of the 1920s share a common theme of power-hungry, brutal Arabs ultimately defeated by westerners:
Simon singles out "A Son of the Sahara" (1924) as "the strongest subconscious attack on the Arab culture of all the Arab movies of the 1920s."
The same themes prevailed into the 1970s and beyond:
Billionaires, bombers, and belly dancers.
A report titled "100 Years of Anti-Arab and Anti-Muslim stereotyping" by Mazin B. Qumsiyeh, director of media relations for the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, specifies what some in the Arab American community call "the three B syndrome": "Arabs in TV and movies are portrayed as either bombers, belly dancers, or billionaires" in reference to Arab men being portrayed as terrorist or as wealthy oilmen and Arab women being portrayed as sex objects. Also the report mentioned that even cartoons have been insulting to Arab and Muslims and how the people who live in the US and interact with its community are the most affected by these stereotypes because they will be treated differently at many points. The report also explains that these stereotypes don't only cause psychological harm (culture, insult) but also helps feed into actions that are physically harmful by dehumanizing a group first before attacking it. According to Mazin B. Qumsiyeh:
Thomas Edison made a short film in 1897 for his patented Kinetoscope in which "Arab" women with enticing clothes dance to seduce a male audience. The short clip was called "Fatima Dances" (Belly dancer stereotype). The trend has shifted over the years and was dominated by the "billionaires" for a short while especially during the oil crises in the seventies. However, in the last 30 years, the predominant stereotype by far has been the "Arab bombers."
In a piece in the "Los Angeles Times" published July 28, 1997, Laila Lalami offers a 12-step guide to making a successful Arab-bashing movie, including such items as "the villains must all have beards", "they must all wear "keffiehs"", "they must all have names like Ali, Abdul or Mustapha" and "have them threaten to blow something up."
After the September 11th terrorist attacks, Arab-American actors have found themselves even more likely to be type-cast as a terrorist.
Jack Shaheen, Professor Emeritus of Mass Communications at Southern Illinois University, documented these trends in his book "The TV Arab" (ISBN 0-87972-309-2), which identifies more than 21 major movies released over ten years which show the U.S. military killing Arabs with Arabs depicted as being terrorists or enemies of the United States. These include:
In "Reel Bad Arabs" (ISBN 1-84437-019-4), Shaheen writes that "television's image of the Arab is omnipresent is becoming a part of American folklore." He also writes that Arabs have "consistently appeared in American popular culture as billionaires, bombers, and belly dancers."
Arab Muslims are fanatics who believe in a different god, who don't value human life as much as we do, they are intent on destroying us (the west) with their oil or with their terrorism; the men seek to abduct and brutally seduce our women; they are without family and reside in a primitive place (the desert) and behave like primitive beings. The women are subservient — resembling black crows — or we see them portrayed as mute, somewhat exotic harem maidens.
The movies which Shaheen identifies as the three worst in terms of negative portrayal of Arabs in modern films are:
The problem of these sterotypes is the main focus of the semi-autobiographical film Driving to Zigzigland, where the actor/taxi driver Bashar Daas finds himself being invariably typecast as an Arab Muslim extremist in US film auditions. 
Profiling of Muslims and Arabs in the United States in the aftermath of the 9/11 Attacks.
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in which 15 of the 19 hijackers were of Saudi Arabian origin and all were of Muslim faith, Arabs and Muslims complained of increased scrutiny and racial profiling at airports. In a poll conducted by the Boston Globe, 71 percent of Blacks and 57 percent of Whites believed that "Arabs and Arab-Americans should undergo special, more intensive security checks before boarding airplanes." Some Muslims and Arabs have complained of being held without explanation and subjected to hours of questioning and arrest without cause. Such cases have led to lawsuits being filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. Fox News radio host Mike Gallagher suggested that airports have a "Muslims Only" line in the wake of the 9/11 attacks stating "It's time to have a Muslims check-point line in America's airports and have Muslims be scrutinized. You better believe it, it's time." In Queens, New York, Muslims and Arabs have complained that the NYPD is unfairly targeting Muslim communities in raids tied to the alleged Zazi terror plot.

</doc>
<doc id="5966683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966683" title="Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places">
Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places

__NOTOC__
"Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" is the 101st episode of the television series "", the third episode of the fifth season. Par'Mach is revealed in the episode to be the Klingon word for love with aggressive overtones.
Plot.
Grilka, Quark's Klingon ex-wife, unexpectedly shows up on Deep Space Nine, and while her intentions are unknown, Worf is smitten as soon as he sees her. She comes to Quark and obtains his help for financial dealings. Later, an interaction between Worf and Grilka leaves Worf questioning whether he has the ability and knowledge to pursue Klingon women.
Pursuing Grilka romantically Quark finds himself completely unfamiliar with Klingon mating rituals, so he asks Jadzia for help. Worf, eager to prove himself capable of courting a Klingon woman, joins Dax in coaching Quark to win Grilka's affections. Through diligent efforts to learn Klingon culture, including the reenactment of a romantically tinged holosuite battle scene, Quark is successful with Grilka until one day, Grilka's bodyguard challenges Quark to combat.
Completely unskilled at combat, Quark stands to either lose Grilka or be killed. Worf again helps the Ferengi; using a special device, Worf is able to control Quark's body movements and helps him defend himself. Ultimately, Quark defeats the bodyguard, and the scene concludes with Grilka and Quark enamored with one another and alone.
From the holodeck,Worf opines to Jadzia that Quark is unworthy of such a great Klingon woman. Dax counters that Worf's interest in Grilka is superficial, that Grilka would be a poor match for Worf, and hints that there are better options in front of him. Observing that Worf still fails to see the subtext in her hints, Dax quotes the holosuite battle and challenges Worf with a Bat'leth, which initiates an aggressive and violent romantic scene between the two of them. In the next scene, the two couples are shown in the infirmary, with Doctor Bashir attending to their wounds, electing not to ask questions.
In a subplot, Miles O'Brien tries to deal with the awkwardness of Major Kira carrying his baby and living with him and his wife Keiko. Through Miles' interactions with Julian and Kira's discussions with Odo, Miles and Kira soon become aware of the unwelcome romantic overtones of their new relationship. The two awkwardly try to avoid getting any closer, but Keiko, whom neither is willing to tell, seems oblivious and keeps trying to push the two together. To Miles' relief, Kira announces the intention to take a brief retreat alone on Bajor, but Keiko peremptorily insists that Miles accompany Kira. As Kira's and Miles' shuttle is about to depart for Bajor, Kira reveals that the retreat cabin is highly romantic, which prompts Miles to opt out of the trip, telling Kira that he will concoct a lie to tell Keiko, while Kira changes her plans to visit her boyfriend Prime Minister Shakaar instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5966690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966690" title="William R. Coyle">
William R. Coyle

William Radford Coyle (July 10, 1878 – January 30, 1962) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
William R. Coyle was born in Washington, D.C. He attended Columbian College (now George Washington University) in Washington, D.C. in 1898 and 1899. He was a field assistant in the United States Geological Survey from 1896 to 1899. He attended the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island in 1900.
He served in the United States Marine Corps, rising to the rank of captain, from 1900 to 1906. He attended the law department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1906 and 1907.
He moved to Germantown, Pennsylvania in 1906 and to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, in 1908. He was school director of Bethlehem from 1912 to 1918. He served as captain of the Fourth Regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard, in 1913, and was commissioned first a captain, and then a major, in the United States Marine Corps in 1918. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1932.
After World War I, he served as president of the American Wholesale Coal Association in 1921 and 1922, and as a trustee to settle the affairs of the Tidewater Coal Exchange from 1922 to 1925.
Coyle was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-ninth Congress, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1926. He was elected to the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Congresses, but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932, 1936, and 1942. He was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1936 and 1944.
He served as chairman of civilian defense in Bethlehem from 1941 to 1945. He worked as vice president of Weston Dodson, from 1932 to 1954, and as chairman of Bethlehem Redevelopment Authority from 1953 to 1959.
He died in Bethlehem, aged 83, and is buried in Nisky Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5966695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966695" title="Stereotypes of African Americans">
Stereotypes of African Americans

Stereotypes of African Americans in the United States are generalizations about African Americans or African-American culture. These stereotypes have evolved within American culture dating back to the colonial years of settlement, particularly after slavery became a racial institution that was heritable. The early blackface minstrel shows of the 19th century portrayed blacks as joyous, naive, superstitious, and ignorant—characteristics related to the way slaveholders in earlier years believed them to be.
Such scholars as Patricia A. Turner note "stereotyping objects in popular culture that depict blacks as servile, primitive, or simpleminded and explains how the subtle influences of such seemingly harmless images reinforce anti-black attitudes". As with every other identifiable group, stereotypes continue today. Blacks are often portrayed as lazy and very religious. They also are portrayed as having a love of fried chicken, watermelon, corn bread, Kool-Aid, waffles, and grape drink.
The idea of race in the United States is based on physical characteristics and skin color. It played an essential part in shaping American society even before the nation existed independently. The perception of black people has been closely tied to their social strata in the United States.
Historical archetypes.
Blackface.
Minstrel shows portrayed and lampooned black people in stereotypical and often disparaging ways, as ignorant, lazy, buffoonish, superstitious, joyous, and musical. Blackface is a style of theatrical makeup that originated in the United States, used to effect the countenance of an iconic, racist American archetype — that of the darky or coon. White blackface performers in the past used burnt cork and later greasepaint or shoe polish to blacken their skin and exaggerate their lips, often wearing woolly wigs, gloves, tailcoats, or ragged clothes to complete the transformation.
Sambo.
This stereotype gained notoriety through the 1898 children's book "The Story of Little Black Sambo" by Helen Bannerman. It told the story of a boy named Sambo who outwitted a group of hungry tigers. "Sambo" refers to black men that were considered very happy, usually laughing, lazy, irresponsible, or carefree. This depiction of black people was displayed in films of the early 20th century. The original text suggested that Sambo lived in India, but this fact may have escaped many readers. The book has often been considered to be a slur against Africans.
Mammy.
What is known about the Mammy archetype comes from the memoirs and diaries that emerged after the Civil War with recordings and descriptions of African American household women slaves who were considered by family members as their African American mothers. Through these personal accounts, white slaveholders gave biased accounts of what a dominant female house slave role was. She was a woman completely dedicated to the white family, especially to the children of that family. She was the house servant who was given complete charge of domestic management; she was a friend and advisor. The image of Mammy was created to justify the economic exploitation of house slaves and sustained to explain Black women’s long-standing restriction to domestic service. Employing Black women in such occupations supported the perceived racial superiority of White employers, encouraging middle-class White women in particular to identify more closely with the racial and class privilege afforded their fathers, husbands, and sons. Through the 20th century a stereotypical image emerged in popular culture of how the typical Mammy appeared. One feminist, Barbara Christian described her as "...black in color as well as race and fat with enormous breasts that are full enough to nourish all the children in the world; her head is perpetually covered with her trademark kerchief to hide the kinky hair that marks her as ugly. Tied to her physical characteristic are her personality traits: she is strong, for she certainly has enough girth, but this strength is used in the service to her white master and as a way of keeping her male counterparts in check; she is kind and loyal, for she is a mother; she is sexless, for she is ugly; and she is religious and superstitious, for she is black." This stereotypical image of Mammy became even more profound after the success of Margaret Mitchell's novel, "Gone with the Wind", which was later produced as a movie in the 1930s. Two other images that reinforced the stereotype in popular culture was the image of Aunt Jemima on breakfast items and the Pine-Sol Lady, a dark-skinned, slightly overweight, motherly figure. In the 1990s, the Quaker Oats Company removed her trademark red bandana and eliminated her slave dialect.
Mandingo Negro.
This stereotypical concept was invented by white slave owners who promoted the notion that male African slaves were animalistic and bestial in nature asserting, for example, that in "Negroes all the passions, emotions, and ambitions, are almost wholly subservient to the sexual instinct" and "this construction of the oversexed black male parlayed perfectly into notions of black bestiality and primitivism".
Sapphire.
During slavery, the “cult of true womanhood” was an ideology that characterized the standard of femininity; however, these standards only applied to white, middle class women, not Black women. As a stereotype, Sapphire is a domineering female who consumes men and usurps their role. They were characterized as strong, masculine workhorses who labored with Black men in the fields or as aggressive women who drove their children and partners away with their overbearing natures. Her assertive demeanor identifies her with Mammy, but unlike Mammy she is devoid of maternal compassion and understanding. Yet, social scientists claimed that Black women’s dominance and matriarchal status within their families, rather than criminatory social policies and economic inequalities, were responsible for the unemployment and the emasculation of Black men, which ultimately resulted in poverty, single parenthood, and the production of criminally inclined, academically low-achieving Black children.
Jezebel.
In every way Jezebel was the counter image of the mid- nineteenth century ideal of the Victorian lady. The idea that Black women were more sexually promiscuous and available evolved when Europeans first encountered women in Africa. Unaccustomed to the requirements of a tropical climate, Europeans mistook semi-nudity for lewdness. Similarly, they misinterpreted African cultural traditions, so that polygamy was attributed to the African’s uncontrolled lust, tribal dances were reduced to the level of orgy, and African religions lost the sacredness that had sustained generations of ancestral worshipers. If Black slave women could be portrayed as having sexual appetites, then increased fertility should be the expected outcome. With this mindset and stereotype, Black women have been labeled as sexually promiscuous and immoral. This image also gave the impression that Black women could not be rape victims because they always desired sex. Ironically, Jezebel’s excessive sexual appetite masculinizes her because she desires sex just as a man does.
Modern stereotypes.
Drug lords, crack victims, evil.
Many of these negative stereotypes spill over into news media portrayals of minorities. Scholars agree that news stereotypes of people of color are pervasive (e.g., Dates & Barlow, 1993; Martindale, 1990; Collins, 2004; Poindexter, Smith, & Heider, 2003; Rowley, 2003; West, 2001). For instance, Entman (2000) found that African Americans were more likely to appear as perpetrators in drug and violent crime stories on network news.
In the 1980s and 1990s, stereotypes of black men shifted and the primary images were of drug lords, crack victims, the underclass, the homeless, and subway muggers (Drummond, 1990). Similarly, Douglas (1995), who looked at O. J. Simpson, Louis Farrakhan, and the Million Man March, found that media placed African-American men on a spectrum of good versus evil.
Watermelon stereotype.
The stereotype has it that African Americans have an unusual appetite for watermelons.
Fried Chicken.
It is a commonly held stereotype that African Americans love fried chicken, which race and folklore professor, Claire Schmidt, attributes both to its popularity in Southern cuisine and to a scene from the film "Birth of a Nation", in which a rowdy African American man is seen eating fried chicken in a legislative hall.
Welfare queen.
This stereotype has longevity. Studies show that the welfare queen idea has roots in both race and gender. Franklin Gilliam, the author of a public perception experiment on welfare, concludes that:
While poor women of all races get blamed for their impoverished condition, African-American women are seen to commit the most egregious violations of American values. This story line taps into stereotypes about both women (uncontrolled sexuality) and African-Americans (laziness).
Studies show that the public dramatically overestimates the number of African Americans in poverty, with the cause of this attributed to media trends and its portrayal of poverty.
Magical Negro.
The magical negro (sometimes called the mystical negro, magic negro, or our magical African-American friend) is a stock character who appears in fiction of a variety of media who, by use of special insight or powers, helps the white protagonist. The word "negro", now considered archaic and offensive, is used intentionally to emphasize the belief that the archetype is a racist throwback, an update of the Sambo stereotype.
The term was popularized by Spike Lee, who dismissed the archetype of the "super-duper magical negro" in 2001 while discussing films with students at Washington State University and at Yale University. The Magical Negro is a subtype of the more generic "numinous Negro", a term coined by Richard Brookhiser in "National Review". The latter term refers to saintly, respected or heroic black protagonists or mentors, unsubtly portrayed in U.S. entertainment productions.
Black women.
Common stereotypes of black women in the 21st century are gold digger, independent black woman, and angry black woman. The “angry black woman” is often depicted as always upset and irate. On the other hand, the “independent black woman” is a narcissistic, overachieving, financially successful woman who emasculates black males in her life.
Angry black woman.
Perhaps the most popular stereotype is that of the “angry black woman,“ whom media depict as upset and irate; consequently she is often deemed a “bitch”. Her character is a spinoff of Sapphire, a historical character who is an undesirable depiction in which black women berate black males in their lives with cruel words and exaggerated body language.
Journalists used the angry black woman archetype in their narratives of Michelle Obama during the 2007–08 presidential primaries. Coverage of Mrs. Obama ran the gamut from favorable to strong to angry to intimidating and unpatriotic. First Lady Michelle Obama told Gayle King on "CBS This Morning" that she has been caricatured as an “angry black woman”—and that she hopes America will one day learn more about her. “That’s been an image that people have tried to paint of me since, you know, the day Barack announced, that I’m some angry black woman”, Mrs. Obama said.
The First Lady dismissed a book by "New York Times" reporter Jodi Kantor entitled "The Obamas". Kantor portrayed Mrs. Obama as a hard-nosed operator who sometimes clashed with staffers. Michelle insisted that portrayal is not accurate.
Independent black woman.
The "independent black woman” is often depicted as a narcissistic, overachieving, financially successful woman who emasculates black males in her life. Mia Moody, an assistant professor of journalism at Baylor University, described the "independent black woman" in two articles entitled "A rhetorical analysis of the meaning of the 'independent woman'" and "The meaning of 'Independent Woman' in music".
In her studies, Moody concluded that the lyrics and videos of male and female artists portrayed "independent women" differently. Rapper Roxanne Shanté’s 1989 rendition of “Independent Woman,” explored relationships and asked women not to dote on partners who do not reciprocate. Similarly, the definition of an “independent woman” in "Urban Dictionary" is: “A woman who pays her own bills, buys her own things, and does not allow a man to affect her stability or self-confidence. She supports herself entirely on her own and is proud to be able to do so”. Destiny's Child’s song “Independent Women” encourages women to be strong and independent for the sake of their dignity and not for the sake of impressing men. The group frowns upon the idea of depending on anyone: “If you’re gonna brag, make sure it’s your money you flaunt/depend on no one else to give you what you want”. The singers claim their independence through their financial stability.
However, Moody concluded female rappers often depicted sex as a tool for obtaining independence through controlling men and buying material goods. While male rappers viewed the independent woman as one who is educated, pays her own bills, and creates a good home life, never did they mention settling down and often noted that a woman should not weigh them down. Moody analyzed songs, corresponding music videos, and viewer comments of six rap songs by Yo Gotti, Webbie, Drake, Candi Redd, Trina, and Nicki Minaj. She found four main messages: wealth equals independence, beauty and independence are connected, average men deserve perfect women, and sexual prowess equals independence.
Black Athlete.
Black people are stereotyped as being more athletic and better at sports compared to white people. Even though African Americans make up 13% of the population, 75% of NBA players and 65% of NFL players are black. In the 100m dash, all but one of the sprinters who have broken the 10 second barrier are black. African-American college athletes may be seen as getting into college solely on their athletic ability and not their intelligence. 
The Black athletic superiority is a theory that says black people possess certain traits that are acquired through genetic and/or environmental factors that allow them to excel over other races in athletic competition. Whites are more likely to hold these views; however, some blacks and other racial affiliations do as well. A 1991 poll in the United States indicated that half of the respondents agreed with the belief that "blacks have more natural physical ability".
Media.
Early stereotypes.
Early minstrel shows of the mid-19th century lampooned the supposed stupidity of black people. In 1844 Secretary of State John C. Calhoun, arguing for the extension of slavery, wrote.
Here (scientific confirmation) is proof of the necessity of slavery. The African is incapable of self-care and sinks into lunacy under the burden of freedom. It is a mercy to give him the guardianship and protection from mental death.
Even after slavery ended, the intellectual capacity of black people was still frequently questioned. Movies such as "Birth of a Nation" (1915) questioned whether or not black people were fit to run for governmental offices or vote.
In 1916, Lewis Terman wrote in "The Measurement of Intelligence":
(Black and other ethnic minority children) are uneducable beyond the nearest rudiments of training. …There is no possibility at present of convincing society that they should not be allowed to reproduce, although from a eugenic point of view they constitute a grave problem because of their unusual prolific breeding.
Stephen Jay Gould's book "The Mismeasure of Man" (1981) demonstrated how early 20th-century biases among scientists and researchers affected their purportedly objective scientific studies, data gathering, and conclusions which they drew about the absolute and relative intelligence of different groups, and of men vs. women.
Some critics have considered Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" as racist because of its depiction of the slave Jim, among other black characters. Some schools have excluded the book from their curricula or libraries. The word "nigger" appears numerous times and is used to describe Jim and other black characters. While the term was contemporary for the period when Twain wrote the book, it became perceived as offensive in the 20th century. Other critics have noted that Twain's portrayal of the relationship between Finn and Jim overturned stereotypes of the time and recognized Jim's humanity and strength.
Film and television.
Political activist and one-time presidential candidate Rev. Jesse Jackson said in 1985 that the news media portrayed black people as "less intelligent than we are". Film director Spike Lee explains that these images have negative impacts: "In my neighborhood, we looked up to athletes, guys who got the ladies, and intelligent people", said Lee. "If you're intelligent, you're called a white guy or girl".
In film, black people are also shown in a stereotypical manner that promotes notions of moral inferiority. In terms of female movie characters shown by race:
Sports.
In "Darwin's Athletes", John Hoberman writes that the prominence of African-American athletes encourages a de-emphasis on academic achievement in black communities. Several other authors have said that sports coverage that highlights "natural black athleticism" has the effect of suggesting white superiority in other areas, such as intelligence. Some contemporary sports commentators have questioned whether black people are intelligent enough to hold "strategic" positions or coach games such as football.
In another example, a study of the portrayal of race, ethnicity, and nationality in televised sporting events by journalist Derrick Jackson in 1989 showed that black people were more likely than white people to be described in demeaning intellectual terms.
Criminal stereotyping.
According to Lawrence Grossman, former president of CBS News and PBS, TV newscasts "disproportionately show African-Americans under arrest, living in slums, on welfare, and in need of help from the community".
New media stereotypes.
In 2012, Moody documented Facebook fans' use of social media to target President Barack Obama and his family using stereotypes. Her study found several themes and missions of groups targeting the Obamas. Some groups focus on attacking the president's politics, and consist of Facebook members who have an interest in politics and use social media to share their ideas. Other, more malicious types focus on the president's race, religion, sexual orientation, personality, and diet.
Moody, assistant professor of journalism, public relations and new media in Baylor's College of Arts and Sciences, analyzed more than 20 Facebook groups/pages using the keywords "hate", "Barack Obama", and "Michelle Obama". Hate groups—which once recruited members through word of mouth and distribution of pamphlets—spread the message that one race is inferior, target a historically oppressed group, and use degrading, hateful terms.
She concluded although historical stereotypes focusing on diet and blackface have all but disappeared from mainstream television shows and movies, they have resurfaced in new media representations. Most portrayals fall into three categories: blackface, animalistic and evil/angry. Similarly, while media have made progress in their handling of gender-related topics, Facebook offers a new platform for sexist messages to thrive. Facebook users play up shallow, patriarchal representations of Michelle, focusing on her emotions, appearance, and personality. Conversely, they play up historical stereotypes of Obama that depict him as a flashy and animalistic. Media’s reliance on stereotypes of women and African Americans not only hinders civil rights, but also helps determine how people treat marginalized groups.
Because newspapers and TV shows generally do not spread racist images anymore, people have gone online. Users rely heavily on old stereotypes of blacks as animalist, evil or shiftless—including depictions of the President as a chimp or sporting a bandana and a mouth full of gold teeth.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="5966708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966708" title="Manuel Rodrigues Coelho">
Manuel Rodrigues Coelho

Manuel Rodrigues Coelho (ca. 15551635) was a Portuguese organist and composer. He is the first important Iberian keyboard composer since Cabezón. 
Coelho was born in Elvas around 1555 and probably received early education at the Elvas Cathedral. He may also have studied at the Badajoz Cathedral, where he worked as organist from 1573 to 1577. At some point during the 1580s Coelho returned to Elvas and worked at the cathedral there. He left the post in 1602 after becoming court organist at Lisbon. He died in 1635, probably in Lisbon.
The composer's surviving works are preserved in a 1620 print "Flores de musica pera o instrumento de tecla & harpa", published in Lisbon. The collection, dedicated to Philip II of Portugal, is the earliest surviving Portuguese keyboard print. It contains 24 "tientos," 101 liturgical organ versets ("kyries" and hymn settings), four settings of the Spanish/Mozarabic version of "Pange lingua", and four intabulations of Lassus' "Susanne ung jour". This large collection is probably a compilation of earlier composed material.
Coelho's most important compositions are his "tientos," which are very long (200–300 bars on average), multi-sectional pieces. Imitative counterpoint has a secondary role in them, whereas motivic figures and figuration, hallmarks of the Baroque style, are in the foreground. The harmonic language is simple and clear in sharp contrast to the contemporary Italian composers (i.e., Ascanio Mayone, Giovanni Maria Trabaci and Girolamo Frescobaldi); the contrapuntal techniques are reminiscent of Sweelinck. Coelho's liturgical pieces are less ornate, and generally employ more strict counterpoint. They include a group of 23 versets "para se cantarem ao órgâo", "for singing to the organ", which all consist of a vocal line with organ accompaniment.

</doc>
<doc id="5966713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966713" title="Dow Jones Corporate Governance">
Dow Jones Corporate Governance

Dow Jones Corporate Governance is a newsletter from Dow Jones that covers corporate governance topics ranging from governance conflicts that are still unsettled in corporate law, to proxy contests to shareholder activism. Executive compensation is also frequently covered by CG.
Initially published with articles already written for Dow Jones Newswires, CG started publishing original content in May 2004, just after the fallout from several high-profile corporate scandals and amid increased nationwide attention toward the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Tiffany Kary, formerly of Dow Jones Newswires, is the top reporter for CG, which is still part of Newswires and is published once every two weeks. CG counts companies, lawyers and investors among its subscribers. The subscription-based newsletter costs $2,340 per year for single users.
Besides Kary's original articles, the publication still culls content from its Newswires reporters, and features guest columns and Q&A's, with the interviewer almost always being Kary.

</doc>
<doc id="5966717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966717" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Mackenzie-Fort Smith">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mackenzie-Fort Smith

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Mackenzie–Fort Smith () is a Roman Catholic diocese that includes the Northwest Territories, the northern extremity of Saskatchewan and the extreme west of the Territory of Nunavut in Canada. It is currently led by Bishop Mark Hagemoen.
Originally created in 1901 as the Vicariate Apostolic of Mackenzie, it was elevated to a full episcopal see in 1967.
As of 2004, the diocese contained 46 parishes and missions, 4 active diocesan priests, 7 religious priests, and 28,540 Catholics. At the time, it also had 16 women religious, 8 religious brothers, and 3 permanent deacons. One famous parish is Our Lady Of Victory Church (Inuvik)
Residential bishops.
Vicariate Apostolic of Mackenzie
The following is a list of the bishops of Mackenzie-Fort Smith and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5966720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5966720" title="Stereotypes of Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States.">
Stereotypes of Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States.

Stereotypical representations of Hispanic and Latino Americans can be manifested in United States mass media, literature, theater and other creative expressions.
White U.S. Hispanics and Latinos, Asian U.S. Hispanics and Latinos, and Black U.S. Hispanics and Latinos are often overlooked in the U.S. mass media and in general American social perceptions, where being "Hispanic or Latino" is often incorrectly given a racial value, usually mixed-race, such as Mestizo or Mulatto, but it is actually an ethnic grouping comprising many different races while, in turn, mixed-race and white U.S. Hispanics and Latinos are overrepresented and admired in the U.S. Hispanic mass media and social perceptions. 
News media and crime.
In 2003, Serafín Méndez-Méndez or Diane Alverio of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists reported the following findings:
EthnicMajority.com, a minority empowerment organization, states: "Who we see, hear, and read on television, radio, newspapers, and in movies has a great deal of influence on shaping the attitudes of all Americans. How African, Hispanic (Latino), and Asian Americans are portrayed in these mediums often stereotypes and reinforces negative images of each ethnic group."
Progressive media watch group Fairness and Accuracy In Reporting (FAIR) points out that in contrast to the media's over-representation of minorities as criminals and drug users is their under representation as experts and analysts. FAIR's studies in the late 1980s and early 1990s documented that 92% of "Nightline"'s U.S. guests were white, 90% of the "NewsHour"'s guests were white, and 26 out of 27 repeat commentators on National Public Radio over a four-month period were white.
Stereotypes and Misconceptions about Latin America.
Depictions of Latin America in the US fiction sometimes include misconceptions or mistakes which may be perceived as stereotypes. Apart from people, geography can be mistaken; for example, Iguazu Falls and the Amazon Rainforest may be treated as if they were close to each other. Cities may be depicted with features which they do not have, or are in other countries. Cities may be depicted as shanty towns, with monkeys, big cats and alligators roaming free. When characters visit Brazil, it is usually during the Brazilian Carnival.
As for the Latin American people, they may be depicted as being poor, and women as wearing Carmen Miranda-style fruit hats. They are also depicted as working in low-income labor jobs and most prominently for males the job is as a gardener and most prominently for women the job is as a maid. Fashion, technology and architecture is depicted between a colonial and a 1950s style.
The same stereotypes prevail in U.S. Hispanic media (meaning media created by Hispanic Americans themselves), where most Latino Americans are often depicted as poor and those who are often depicted as poor are usually of either mixed race, black Hispanic, or indigenous Hispanic heritage. These perceptions of poverty among U.S. Hispanic media and even among the greater Hispanic American communities themselves are so great that Hispanic and Latino American groups that are usually not impoverished and lack widespread crime in their communities are portrayed as such by U.S. Hispanic media. U.S. Hispanic media also in turn do the same in their portrayal of Latin America where countries that are not known for their high crime or poverty rates are either portrayed as such or almost completely dismissed altogether by U.S. media. Countries that are developed nations and possess little to no crime in Latin America such as Chile, Uruguay, Cuba, and Costa Rica have been portrayed as impoverished or heavily crime ridden in U.S. Hispanic media and U.S. media in general. Countries with moderately low crimes rates in Latin America are Haiti, Bolivia, and Peru.
Female Hispanics.
Sexual and racial stereotypes of Latinas are often demonstrated in the US mainstream media. The women of this ethnic group are often portrayed as being overly sensual, passionate, curvaceous, olive-skinned women. While at times they are shown in an overly provocative manner, in some instances they are illustrated in an opposing way: virginal, religious, conservative and family-oriented. One such example is Colombian actress Sofia Vergara, who has often been asked to alter her appearance to fit the "Latina" stereotype in her on screen roles.

</doc>
