<doc id="5955851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955851" title="Ace Enders">
Ace Enders

Arthur Carl "Ace" Enders (born April 19, 1982 in Hammonton, New Jersey) is an American musician. Enders is the lead singer and guitarist of the band The Early November. He is also the lead musician, songwriter and co-producer in his band, I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business. He has also released music under the name Ace Enders and a Million Different People.
Biography.
Introduction to music and The Early November.
Enders began playing guitar after being inspired by watching his step dad, Robert Gazzara play in a band. Enders taught himself how to play his step dad's old guitar.
In February 2001, Enders along with guitarist Jim Sacco, bassist Sergio Anello and drummer Jeff Kummer formed The Early November. In 2003, after the release of their first two EPs For All Of This, and The Acoustic EP, the band released their debut full length album "The Room's Too Cold".
In 2004, Enders started his own solo project I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business, releasing the self-titled album on October 26, 2004. Enders has stated that I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business "was a one-album thing".
Recording of the third Early November album began in February 2005. The album, titled "The Mother, the Mechanic, and the Path", was a triple disc concept album with an entwining plot of a torn family, from the perspective of a growing child. The album took over a year to complete due to a multitude of issues. Before conceptualizing "The Mother, the Mechanic, and the Path", Enders contemplated
leaving the music business and possibly going into retail or construction.
Enders, along with the rest of The Early November, have reunited and began playing shows, and have released an album, In Currents, which was released on July 10, 2012. Since their return The Early November have played with acts such as The Wonder Years, Cartel, All Time Low,
Young Statues, The Swellers, Seahaven, Man Overboard, Into It. Over It., Hit The Lights and more.
Ace Enders and a Million Different People.
Ace Enders announced in "Alternative Press" magazine that he planned on recording a solo album, and began a new project named Ace Enders and a Million Different People.
In the summer of 2007, Enders took out a loan to build a studio in the basement of a shopping center. After three weeks of work, building finished and Pink Space Recording was created. After the studio was finished, Enders spent two straight days making demos that would later be named "From a Daze" and "Emergency". Enders signed on with manager Lucas Keller to work on Ace Enders and a Million Different People. He opened for the full Angels & Airwaves US tour in early 2008. On June 13 of that year, Enders put out an 8-track album called "The Secret Wars" available for free download on Fuse TV. He recorded them in his own studio.
In December 2008, Ace Enders and a Million Different People released the single "Bitter Sweet Symphony", a cover of The Verve song, on the iTunes Store. The song involves multiple artists including Mark Hoppus, Aaron Marsh, Craig Owens, Alex Gaskarth of All Time Low, Bryce Avary, Kenny Vasoli, Matt Thiessen, and Duane Okun. All of the proceeds from the song went to VH1's Save the Music Foundation.
Ace Enders and a Million Different People released its second album, Enders' third solo album, on 17 March 2009, through Vagrant/Drive-Thru Records. The album is titled "When I Hit the Ground".
Ace Enders and a Million Different People went on tour with The All-American Rejects on the I Wanna Rock Tour starting in early April 2009.
Return to I Can Make A Mess Like Nobody's Business.
Enders released his second album under the I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business name on March 23, 2010, entitled "The World We Know". A music Video was made for the song "Old Man...".
On September 16, Enders released the third Mess album Dust'n Off the Ol' Guitar. The album featured redone versions of many Early November songs, as well as a couple Ace Enders & A Million Different People songs. The album also featured a new song titled "Growing Pains". There's also three songs from the album that will be released once the sales reach 5,000. These songs include "Pretty Pretty", a remix of "1000 Times A Day", and a full length version of "Decoration".
On December 15, Enders released a Christmas-oriented EP titled Happy Christmas. The EP contains one original song titled "Season's Greetings", as well as a cover of "Christmastime Is Here" from the film A Charlie Brown Christmas, and a cover of Charles Brown hit Please Come Home For Christmas. The EP was released Digitally.
Enders released self-released the fourth "I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business" album, Gold Rush on May 5, 2011. This album was funded through fan donations through Kickstarter.
With The Early November reuniting and touring again, Enders has continued to release to support this project. Along with "The Early November", the band was signed to Rise Records. In 2013, the band name has been shortened to "I Can Make a Mess". This can be seen on both the latest album Enola, release on June 11, 2013, and the warped tour ballot. Enders will be performing two shows a day, on the entire 2013 warped tour, as The Early November and I Can Make a Mess.
Other projects.
Ace Enders runs a studio in his home town named The Living Room. Ace has recorded bands such as Lift the Decade, Bombardier To Pilot, Backseat Goodbye, Move Out West and War Games (among many more).

</doc>
<doc id="5955857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955857" title="Garwood Load Packer">
Garwood Load Packer

The Garwood Load Packer was a refuse collection vehicle built by Garwood Industries. This innovative design was responsible for significant changes in the mode and automation of garbage collection in the United States.
Engineered by Melvin Donald Silvey, (b. 1880 - d. 1950) these trucks were manufactured in Detroit, Michigan. 
It was a significant development in waste collection, as it was one of the first vehicles to utilize a compactor, increasing the truck's hauling capacity. It was introduced in 1938, but significant numbers weren't manufactured until after WWII. By 1949, over 2500 of these trucks were in use across the US and Canada. Almost all waste collection vehicles used today utilize some type of compaction mechanism, because of the reduced costs of hauling larger payloads.

</doc>
<doc id="5955860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955860" title="Julius Scheiner">
Julius Scheiner

Julius Scheiner (1858–1913) was a German astronomer, born in Cologne and educated at Bonn. He became assistant at the astrophysical observatory in Potsdam in 1887 and its observer in chief in 1898, three years after his appointment to the chair of astrophysics in the University of Berlin. Scheiner paid special attention to celestial photography and wrote "Die Spektralanalyse der Gestirne" (1890); "Lehrbuch der Photographie der Gestirne" (1897); "Strahlung und Temperatur der Sonne" (1899); "Der Bau des Weltalls" (1901); third edition, 1909). In 1899 he began the publication of the "Photographische Himmelskarte; Zone +31° bis +40° Deklination".
He is also credited with developing the first system for measuring the sensitivity of photographic emulsions in 1894, Scheinergrade, which also inspired the later DIN 4512 standard to measure film speeds.

</doc>
<doc id="5955876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955876" title="Pierre Brien">
Pierre Brien

Pierre Brien (born 22 June 1970 in Ville-Marie, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2003. By career, he has worked in administration and economics.
Brien was elected in the Témiscamingue electoral district under the Bloc Québécois party in the 1993, 1997 and 2000 elections, serving in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively. He had served as the party's whip from 15 August 2001 until 16 December 2002.
Brien left the Bloc Québécois following his decision to seek a seat in the Quebec National Assembly with the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ). He remained in federal Parliament as an independent Member of Parliament from 16 January 2003 until he resigned from federal politics on 14 March 2003. He became the ADQ's candidate in the provincial Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue riding, but he and Rémy Trudel of the Parti Québécois both lost against Liberal Daniel Bernard in the 2003 Quebec election.

</doc>
<doc id="5955878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955878" title="Jose Parica">
Jose Parica

Jose Parica (born April 18, 1949 in La Puente, California, USA) is a Filipino professional pool player from Manila, nicknamed "Amang" (Tagalog for "uncle") and "the Giant Killer." As a Philippine Hall of Famer, he pioneered the "Filipino invasion" in the United States, especially in the game of nine-ball.
Also known as "the King" and "the Legend" in Philippine pool, Parica became the World Player of the Year in 1997. He is the only player to achieve a perfect game of nine ball in a ( to 11) match. He was the only Filipino to win all major final titles against his Filipino counterparts.
Early years.
Jose "Amang" Parica had to pull a stool every time it was his turn to make a shot when he first played billiards at his father’s billiard hall in Blumentritt back in the Philippines. He was just seven years old when he first struck a cue ball with a cue that was much longer than he was, on a billiard table that was just as high as he was. Parica literally grew up with a cue in his hands.
Parica sharpened his skills in the billiard halls his father owned in Blumentritt and in Sta. Cruz in Manila. Soon, he was beating much older people. He had won all the tournaments that had to be won in the Philippines, but he felt he still did not earn the recognition he felt he deserve. Finally, in 1975, he got his break.
Professional career.
A Japanese billiard player and promoter was looking for a Filipino player to compete in a tournament in Japan, and went looking for a guy known only as "Amang." Word got around fast, and soon Parica was on his way to Japan for his first major tournament outside the Philippines. By then, Parica was already 25. He bagged fourth place in the Tokyo International Open that year, and got invited to the tournament every year.
In 1976, Parica, hoping to get a better deal for Filipino billiard players, organized the Philippine Pocket Billiards Association and he became its first president.
In 1978, he got enough sponsors to compete in his first-ever tournament in the United States, the World Open Straight Pool Championship which was dominated by Ray Martin. He was the only Filipino in the tournament, and got the attention of the billiard world by placing in a tie for 9th to 12th places.
In 1979, Parica was the Philippine's National 3-Cushion Champion, Rotation Champion, and Snooker Champion.
Parica competed under the Men’s Professional Billiards Association for years, but did not win a U.S. title until 1986, when he won the World Open 9 Ball Child Cypress in Lexington. He followed it up with a victory in the World Classic Cup title in Aurora, Illinois.
In 1987, Parica went back to the Philippines to display new skills he had learned from the world’s best players, and to encourage Filipino players to compete in the prestigious and financially rewarding U.S. billiard circuit. Parica had blazed the trail, and had actually paved the way with gold by gaining respect from the Filipino players. He wanted other Filipinos to follow his trail to world success.
Soon, Filipino players Efren "Bata" Reyes and Francisco "Django" Bustamante joined Parica in lording over the American circuit. Without realizing it, Parica had led what American billiard aficionados call the "Filipino Invasion."
Parica had won close to one hundred tournaments in the U.S., thirteen in Japan, and three in the Philippines (the 1980, 1989 and 1992 Philippine Nine-ball Open Championships). In 1988, Parica dominated the Japanese circuit, winning eight of the nine tournaments he competed in, and placing 2nd in the other. That same year, he won the World Pro Tournament, the biggest and richest tournament in that time, by beating arch-rival Reyes 9-3 in the finals. The tournament was played in Tokyo and had 900 players. Parica earned the first prize of ¥5M. That year, Parica had total winnings of $289K.
Parica achieved one of the most revered records in pool, and was the only player to win a perfect match of nine-ball under race-to-11 format without misses or fouls.
He won three more tournaments in 1989, but the star of Reyes was beginning to shine, and that of Parica to fade. In 1994, Parica married Aurora and retired from active competition. He had a lot of savings from his billiard earnings, and he decided he did not want to travel constantly anymore.
Comeback.
Parica was content with playing billiards privately and wading in the pool of his 5-bedroom house in West Covina, until one day, while they were in Las Vegas, his wife Aurora overheard a Filipino say that Efren Reyes was the best Filipino player ever, and that Reyes could beat any Filipino, including Parica. Reyes had been named Player of the Year in 1995. Aurora told Parica what she heard, and convinced him to play competitively again, just to prove that he is not yet over the hill. Parica took it as a challenge and as a go-signal from his wife to resume his suspended billiards career.
In late 1996, Parica resumed playing in the U.S. circuit. He lost twice to Reyes that year, and also lost to American ace Johnny Archer, who emerged Player of the Year in 1996. But Parica still managed to win four tournaments that year, against Reyes’ three.
Parica showed his fighting heart by coming back in 1997 to beat Reyes six in a row, and Archer seven times. Parica won five tournaments that year and emerged No. 1 in world ratings. Parica even won the Camel Overall Bonus of $50K. He proved he was still among the best in the world by being chosen Player of the Year in 1997 by three award-giving bodies — "Billiards" magazine, "Billiards Digest" magazine, and the Camel Pro Billiards Series (the richest and most prestigious circuit in the US at that time).
Parica and Reyes faded again in 1998, as the rising Francisco Bustamante dominated the circuit, by winning three of the Camel Circuit’s eight legs, and placing second in two. Bustamante won the Player of the Year honors that year.
After three tournaments in the Camel Circuit, Parica ranked 9th place with 130 points, with Bustamante at 6th and 170 points. Reyes, who missed one tournament when he represented the Philippines in Brunei, was considerably behind, with only 80 points. Reyes won the World Nine-ball Open in London in early August.
Parica finished in a tie for 7th and 8th in the first leg of the tour, in Kansas; 13th in Atlanta; and 32nd in Las Vegas, which Reyes did not compete in.
With his convincing victory in the Compton event, where six of the seven Filipinos who competed finished in the money list, Parica advanced to the next leg, at Nashville, Tennessee starting 14 September, and later at the prestigious U.S. Open in Houston, Texas on September 25–26.
At age 50, having played billiards for 43 years, and having more than 100 titles under his belt, Parica has not announced any plans to retire. In 2006, he won the $40K First Western Open Nine-ball Championship at the Crystal Park Casino and Hotel in Compton, beating Francisco Bustamante in the finals, 15-12. However, when he participated in the 2006 IPT North American Open Eight-ball Championship in Las Vegas, Nevada, he was eliminated in the first round, winning only $2,000.00 for his effort. He fared better at the IPT World Open Eight-ball Championship in Reno, Nevada, where he reached the 4th round and won $22,322.00.
Heightened rivalry toward Reyes.
Years before, Parica has been known to have bested Efren Reyes countless times, especially in money matches. During his prime, from the 1970s to the mid-1990s, Parica wasn't just a dominant player but a well-admired figure of the Philippine public.
After Reyes won the World Nine-ball Championship in 1999 and numerous events later, Reyes was enshrined in the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame in 2003. Parica has expressed dismay at this honor, feeling that his great achievements have been forgotten because of Reyes, and that he, too, should be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Charges on assault.
In the early 1990s, Parica attacked a man whom he said was troubling his wife. But the battered man had a different story and told that Parica robbed him of his belongings. Parica was imprisoned for one day. After paying fines and testifying in court, Parica won the case and was released.

</doc>
<doc id="5955888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955888" title="Non-small-cell lung carcinoma">
Non-small-cell lung carcinoma

Non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is any type of epithelial lung cancer other than small cell lung carcinoma (SCLC). As a class, NSCLCs are relatively insensitive to chemotherapy, compared to small cell carcinoma. When possible, they are primarily treated by surgical resection with curative intent, although chemotherapy is increasingly being used both pre-operatively (neoadjuvant chemotherapy) and post-operatively (adjuvant chemotherapy).
Types.
The most common types of NSCLC are squamous cell carcinoma, large cell carcinoma, and adenocarcinoma, but there are several other types that occur less frequently, and all types can occur in unusual histologic variants and as mixed cell-type combinations.
Sometimes the phrase "non-small-cell lung cancer" ("not otherwise specified", or NOS) is used generically, usually when a more specific diagnosis cannot be made. This is most often the case when a pathologist examines a small amount of malignant cells or tissue in a cytology or biopsy specimen.
Lung cancer in never-smokers is almost universally NSCLC, with a sizeable majority being adenocarcinoma.
On relatively rare occasions, malignant lung tumors are found to contain components of both SCLC and NSCLC. In these cases, the tumors should be classified as combined small cell lung carcinoma (c-SCLC), and are (usually) treated like "pure" SCLC.
Lung adenocarcinoma.
Adenocarcinoma of the lung is currently the most common type of lung cancer in "never smokers" (lifelong non-smokers). Adenocarcinomas account for approximately 40% of lung cancers. Historically, adenocarcinoma was more often seen peripherally in the lungs than small cell lung cancer and squamous cell lung cancer, both of which tended to be more often centrally located. Interestingly, however, recent studies suggest that the "ratio of centrally-to-peripherally occurring" lesions may be converging toward unity for both adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Squamous cell lung carcinoma.
Squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of the lung is more common in men than in women. It is closely correlated with a history of tobacco smoking, more so than most other types of lung cancer. According to the Nurses' Health Study, the relative risk of SCC is approximately 5.5, both among those with a previous duration of smoking of 1 to 20 years, and those with 20 to 30 years, compared to never-smokers. The relative risk increases to approximately 16 with a previous smoking duration of 30 to 40 years, and approximately 22 with more than 40 years.
Large-cell lung carcinoma.
Large cell lung carcinoma (LCLC) is a heterogeneous group of undifferentiated malignant neoplasms originating from transformed epithelial cells in the lung. LCLC's have typically comprised between around 10% of all NSCLC in the past, although newer diagnostic techniques seem to be reducing the incidence of diagnosis of "classic" LCLC in favor of more poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas. LCLC is, in effect, a "diagnosis of exclusion", in that the tumor cells lack light microscopic characteristics that would classify the neoplasm as a small-cell carcinoma, squamous-cell carcinoma, adenocarcinoma, or other more specific histologic type of lung cancer. LCLC is differentiated from small cell lung carcinoma (SCLC) primarily by the larger size of the anaplastic cells, a higher cytoplasmic-to-nuclear size ratio, and a lack of "salt-and-pepper" chromatin.
Staging.
The American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) and the International Union Against Cancer (UICC) recommend TNM staging, using a uniform scheme for non-small cell lung carcinoma, small-cell lung carcinoma and broncho-pulmonary carcinoid tumors. AJCC has provided an accessible poster version of these copyrighted TNM descriptors to which readers are directed. Extensive presentation of prognostic data for both 6th and 7th edition individual TNM descriptors and overall groups is available.
Treatment.
More than one kind of treatment is often used, depending on the stage of the cancer, the individual's overall health, age, response to chemotherapy, and other factors such as the likely side effects of the treatment.
Early/non-metastatic NSCLC.
NSCLCs are usually "not" very sensitive to chemotherapy and/or radiation, so surgery is the treatment of choice if diagnosed at an early stage, often with adjuvant (ancillary) chemotherapy involving cisplatin. Other treatment choices are chemotherapy, radiation therapy (radiotherapy), and targeted therapy.
New methods of giving radiation treatment allow doctors to be more accurate in treating lung cancers. This means less radiation affects nearby healthy tissues. New methods include Cyberknife and stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS).
Other treatments are radiofrequency ablation and chemoembolization.
Advanced/metastatic NSCLC.
A wide variety of chemotherapies are used in advanced (metastatic) NSCLC.
Some patients with particular mutations in the "EGFR" gene respond to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors such as gefitinib.
ALK mutations.
About 7% of NSCLC have EML4-ALK translocations; these may benefit from ALK inhibitors which are in clinical trials. Crizotinib gained FDA approval in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5955890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955890" title="Tom Rowe (ice hockey)">
Tom Rowe (ice hockey)

Thomas John Rowe (born May 23, 1956 in Lynn, Massachusetts) is a retired American ice hockey player and coach. He is the current head coach of the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League.
Selected by the Washington Capitals in the 1976 NHL Entry Draft, Rowe also played for the Hartford Whalers and Detroit Red Wings. He was also a member of the United States national team at the 1977 Ice Hockey World Championships. Rowe was the first American born player to score 30 or more goals in an NHL season. He accomplished this feat in the 1978–79 season with the Washington Capitals. That season he scored 31 goals in only 69 games. 
Most recently, Rowe is assistant coach of the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League. Rowe previously coached the Albany River Rats and Lowell Lock Monsters. Tom Rowe won a Stanley Cup championship with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006.
On April 9, 2012, Rowe was announced as the new head coach of hockey club Lokomotiv Yaroslavl. 
On November 9, 2013, Rowe was announced as the new head coach of the San Antonio Rampage, the AHL farm team for the Florida Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="5955893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955893" title="Harewood Castle">
Harewood Castle

Harewood Castle is a 12th-century stone hall house and courtyard fortress, located on the Harewood Estate, Harewood, in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England (Grid Reference SE 322457). Harewood Castle is a grade I listed building.
History.
When De Aldeburgh died in 1388, the castle transferred to the Ryther and the Redmayne (Redman) families, into which his two daughters had married.
In 1574, James Ryther and partner William Plompton bought out the Redman family, although Ryther's financial situation must have worsened because he died in London's Fleet Prison in 1595. His son and two daughters sold the castle to Sir William Wentworth of Gawthorpe Hall in 1600 to clear debts; this is probably when Harewood Castle ceased to be a main residence.
The castle was last occupied in the 1630s, and in 1656 it was put up for sale as an 'upstanding source of stone and timber'. The Wentworths sold Harewood and Gawthorpe to Sir John Cutler, 1st Baronet, by which time the castle had probably already been partly dismantled though Cutler lived there at the end of his life. At Cutler's death in 1693, it passed to his only surviving daughter, Elizabeth, Countess of Radnor and on her death without heir to Cutler's nephew, unmarried Edmund Boulter MP of Boston and Wimpole Hall then to his nephew John Boulter of Gawthorpe and Westminster, who died unmarried in 1738. His executors sold to Henry Lascelles (1690–1753) whose son, Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood built Harewood House.
Centuries after it had been abandoned, Harewood Castle remained a landmark, the subject of several paintings in the late 1790s by J. M. W. Turner.
Present.
Recent times saw decay and weathering take their toll, and the unstable castle was placed on the Buildings at Risk Register by English Heritage. Then, around the year 2000, a £1 million rescue plan was drawn up, funded partly through English Heritage and partly by the Harewood Estate. As of 2008, the restoration project, which involved architects, geologists, structural engineers, ecologists and staff of the Harewood Estate, Historic Property Restoration Ltd and English Heritage, was nearing completion. The castle was taken off the Buildings at Risk Register in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5955904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955904" title="Richo">
Richo

Richo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5955907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955907" title="Ortega">
Ortega

Ortega is a Spanish surname. In the 9th century a Saint Raymundo Ortega of Bejar was recorded to be in Salamanca, Spain. A baptismal record in 1570 records a "de Ortega" "from the village of Ortega". There were several villages of this name in Spain. The toponym derives from Latin "urtica", meaning "nettle".
Some of the Ortega spelling variants are: Ortega, Ortego, de Ortega, Ortegada, Ortegal, Hortega, Ortiga, Ortigueda, Ortigueira, Ortigosa, Orreaga, etc. A cognate surname in Italian is "Ortica", in Romanian "Urzică", in French "Ortie", all from Latin "urtica".
Origin.
Roberto Faure, coauthor of the "Diccionario de Apellidos Españoles", states that Ortega is derived from the noun "ortega", a spelling variant of the modern Castilian Spanish "ortiga" "nettle". The name of the plant is found as a toponym in various places in Spain, such as Ortega (Burgos), Ortega (Jaén) or Ortega (Monfero, La Coruña). Mexican author Gutierre Tibón advanced the alternative theory that the name derives from "Ortún", earlier "Fortún", from the Latin name "Fortunius" with an added suffix ""-eca"". The "Dictionary of American Surnames" additionally states that the name may derive from "ortega": "black grouse."
The first Bishop of Almería, Juan de Ortega, died in the early 16th century, while another early occurrence is found in the baptismal record of "Phelpa de Ortega", dated 2 March 1570 at Santa Maria Magdalena, Valladolid, Spain, during the reign of King Philip II of Spain. Other early records are found in Carrión de los Condes, Palencia. The name subsequently appears throughout Spain, especially in Castile, Andalusia and Murcia, as well as México and Latin America. 
According to the "Diccionario de Heráldica Aragonesa" by Bizén d'O Río Martínez, there were two Aragonese lines using the surname, one of which was infanzon. Both lines originated in Cinco Villas and bore coats of arms that were variants of each other. One line is in Gallur in the 18th century, and in Tauste in the 19th century. The other is attested from 1626 in various locations in Aragón.
Coats of arms.
There were three arms-bearing families called Ortega. Their coat of arms were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5955910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955910" title="Red Point (Twofold Bay)">
Red Point (Twofold Bay)

Red Point () is a coastal headland in New South Wales, Australia at the southern end of Twofold Bay.
The point got its name from George Bass's description when he passed it on his whaleboat voyage to Bass Strait in 1797/8. He noted Twofold Bay "may be known by a red point on the south side of the peculiar bluish hue of a drunkard's nose" (i.e. red with a bluish tinge).

</doc>
<doc id="5955925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955925" title="Auckland Regional Council">
Auckland Regional Council

The Auckland Regional Council (ARC) was the regional council (one of the former local government authorities) of the Auckland Region. Its predecessor the Auckland Regional Authority (ARA) was formed in 1963 and became the ARC in 1989. The ARC was subsumed into the Auckland Council on 1 November 2010.
Formation.
There had been earlier attempts to rationalise Auckland's local government dating back to the early 1900s. Dove-Myer Robinson in standing for a second term as Mayor of Auckland City in 1959 campaigned on wanting to unify all of Auckland. Once elected he sought to build a consensus for reform, starting in 1960 with a meeting of 400 local body politicians from 32 local bodies. An Auckland Regional Authority Establishment Committee resulted. Robinson used the Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto and the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works as models. He started with a draft comprehensive empowering bill but soon ran into opposition, with some Establishment Committee members deliberately avoiding meetings, and the Mayors of the many small boroughs fearing for the ability of their bodies to continue to govern themselves, lobbying against the proposal. Auckland City was the principal supporter of the initiative.
A Bill to create the ARA was introduced to Parliament in 1961 but the Establishment Committee then thought better of it and it was withdrawn from the Parliamentary process by the Government.
Robinson sought compromises about what was to be included (the Auckland Harbour Board, Electricity Supply Authorities and North Shore Drainage Board were excluded), on representation (appointment by the Local Authorities was used in the first term), on funding (direct rating was excluded) and restricting the role so only specifically empowered functions were allowed. Opposition continued with some parties implacably opposed, others wanting sub-regional councils and some promoting an alternative, much more limited Bill to Parliament. Through a good relationship with the Prime Minister Keith Holyoake, Robinson persuaded the Government to support his second compromise Bill in 1962, which was passed. Many of the compromises persisted though the duration of the ARA and its successor, the ARC.
Robinson was rewarded with his election by the Authority members as its first chairman.
Auckland Regional Authority, 1963–1989.
The ARC was preceded by the Auckland Regional Authority (ARA), which was formed in 1963. The ARA took over a number of existing operations from other bodies. One of its first areas of responsibility was bulk water supply, which it assumed from Auckland City Council. Other functions taken over were regional planning, from the Auckland Regional Planning Authority, bulk sewage collection and treatment (south of the harbour only) from the Auckland Metropolitan Drainage Board, and bus passenger transport from the Auckland Transport Board. Water supply activities included constructing further bulk water storage dams, and treatment and water distribution works. Other achievements were completing and upgrading the Manukau wastewater treatment plant, creating the largest bus fleet in the country at the time, constructing Auckland Airport representing local government in a joint venture with central government and creating the regional parks network, founded on the Centennial Memorial Park in the Waitakere Ranges which was transferred from Auckland City Council control and added to first with the purchase of what became Wenderholm Regional Park.
Functions added at later dates included a regional role operating and regulating refuse disposal, regional roads, the regional water board under the Water and Soil Conservation Act 1967 and harbour master and marine regulation.
Despite the massive public support for Regional Parks even they were the subject of political division with the rural based district councils successfully resisting paying a contribution towards them. They were essentially built for the urban population and paid for by them.
The ARA turned its attention to commuter transport. It commissioned a comprehensive transportation plan completed in 1965 – the De Leuw Cather reports. The rail aspect of this made little progress with minimal support from Authority politicians and staff, from Central Government and opposition from other Auckland councils. The return in 1968 of Dove-Myer Robinson to the Auckland Mayoralty and as a member of the Authority marked a return to progress. A more detailed plan of a rapid transit system was worked on. The scheme design as finalised in 1972 had a tight inner city underground ring, operating in one direction only. The existing suburban rail line routes were to be used with track duplication to avoid freight conflicts, with extensions to Hobsonville and Howick and two new lines; under the harbour to Whangaparaoa and south to the Airport. The station spacings were larger than the existing system and travel speeds would be much higher. Local opposition and obstruction within the elected ARC members continued, as there was from the Railways Department and rail Unions.
The ruling Labour government showed little enthusiasm for the scheme and proposed a cheaper alternative in 1973 which the ARA seized upon, to Robinson’s dismay. The OPEC oil price shock and the 1975 election of the Robert Muldoon lead National government was the end of the scheme. It has been mythologised since then as "Robbies Rapid Rail".
From then on and despite the focus of successor organisations on public transport, ARA had a mixed record on the matter, in 1983 going so far as to propose abolishing the Auckland railway system altogether. As late as 1987, major ARA transport strategy reports were still paying little attention to public transport.
Local government reforms, 1980s–90s.
In the late 1980s the Labour government, consistent with its history of corporatising and privatising government-owned entities, looked to other quasi-commercial entities to apply the same process to. Power boards received early attention, but local government was not considered as potential owners of these and their corporatisations proceeded separately. Port authorities were considered part of local government and the Auckland Harbour Board was corporatised in 1988 as Ports of Auckland, with the majority shareholding held by the ARA and the minority by Waikato local government. Some non-commercial assets and maritime regulation came to the ARA. The ARA at one stage looked to sell its holding in the port company but the proposal was defeated politically. 
The Government also wanted a more commercial arrangement for the Auckland International Airport and it was corporatised in 1988, with the shareholding split between the Government and Auckland local authorities. Substantial airport reserves were also dispersed to the same parties. The ARA had no ongoing role, despite being the representative of the region's councils in the former joint venture with Government.
In 1989 local government minister Michael Bassett concluded a reform of all local government in New Zealand. This greatly reduced the number of territorial councils in Auckland but did not materially alter the ARA, which essentially retained its previous functions under the new name of Auckland Regional Council. Two functions transferred to the larger territorial councils were regional roads and a role in stormwater on the isthmus. Anticipating a greater role in the region's governance and needing better accommodation for its staff, the ARC commenced acquisition of a new headquarters in Pitt St, completed in 1990. It was a controversial move, the building later criticised by an Audit Office review for being out-sized. The ARC had a guarantee of rental of the extra space but the failure of the guarantor, owned and asset stripped by Equiticorp, left it worthless. The controversy helped in creating a political justification for the subsequent separation of many of the ARC's functions.
The power to corporatise local government operations as local-authority trading enterprises (LATEs), modelled on state-owned enterprises, was created. However this was voluntary, with the exception of transport, where council road design and delivery operations were required to be corporatised. Council bus operations were likewise required to be corporatised, with the ARC bus operation emerging in 1991 as Transport Auckland Ltd, trading as the Yellow Bus Company. The ARC studied forming its commercial operations into LATEs held under a holding company, but was injuncted by Auckland City Council in respect of the water and wastewater function and had a failure of political will in execution.
Bassett's successor, National’s Warren Cooper, took the process further. He promoted legislation requiring that the remaining ARC corporatisations take place and transferred ownership of the resulting companies from the ARC to a new short-lived body, the Auckland Regional Services Trust (ARST). The businesses transferred included the shareholding in Ports of Auckland and the Yellow Bus Company. Watercare Services Ltd (formed 1992) was one resulting company, the largest local government corporatisation in New Zealand. The Auckland Regional Services Trust was later required to privatise the Yellow Bus Company, which was bought by Stagecoach. The ARC later recovered the Ports of Auckland shareholding when ARST was wound up, and later forceably purchased the minority shares.
Watercare did not continue ownership of the catchment lands in the Waitakere and Hunua Ranges, taking a lease from the Council of the dam, pipeline and lake areas only. The result was the largest addition to the land in Regional Parks in the ARC's history.
Auckland Regional Council, 1989–2010.
The ARC had an umbrella function covering all the cities and districts of the region, but its regulatory power and funding abilities were restricted to areas such as public transport, environmental protection and regional parks. The ARC was an elected body, and collected its own rates. In 2006 the ARC commenced direct rating and ceased to collect levies through the territorial councils. An expanding role was that of the protection of historic and natural heritage. 
The creation of the Auckland Regional Transport Authority (ARTA) subsidiary led to projects like the Northern Busway, as well as significant rail and public transport investment, much of it supported by retaining Ports of Auckland in public hands to fund the improvements with the dividends. In the final period before its subsumation into Auckland Council, the ARC was concentrating on the electrification of the Auckland railway network, building the case for a CBD rail tunnel, and an extension of rail to Auckland Airport.
In its final years, the ARC had been getting more involved in land use regulation, a move which was met with criticism from some politicians of the concerned Councils who normally regulate such matters. This criticism surfaced especially during a short-lived 2006 debate on further integration of the Auckland area, where many of the proposals included a proposed abolishment of the ARC, or a changed, less independent role.
One of the mainstays of the ARC's work was expanding the parks network, which as of 2010 included 26 regional parks with more than 40,000 hectares, including many restored natural habitats and sanctuaries developed in co-operation with the Department of Conservation and volunteers. 
Of the rates collected by the ARC, 50% would go to fund public transport via ARTA, which is to amount to NZ$155 million in 2007/2008, up from $124 million in the preceding 2-year period 2006/2007. The ARC also managed regional parks with 400 km² and 150 km of coastline, for which 15% of its total funding is spent. A further 19% was spent on ecological concerns, such as water quality and protecting ecosystems. Other minor percentages funded areas like "built environment" (4%), "safety" (1%), "economic development" (3%) and "regional leadership and community development" (8%).
Personnel.
Chairs
General managers / chief executives
Legacy.
The legacy of the Regional Council is primarily in the acceptance by Aucklanders and central government that a single government organisation for Auckland was needed. This resulted in the Auckland Council. The most enduring material things are the former Regional Parks now the dominant part of what the Auckland Council identifies as its Premier and Regional Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="5955926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955926" title="Full">
Full

Full may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5955927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955927" title="Herbert McIntyre">
Herbert McIntyre

Herbert McIntyre was an American football coach in the late 19th century. In 1897, he became the third paid coach at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. In his only year as coach, Merrill posted a record of 2–4–1 with victories over the Nashville Guards and Earlham College. McIntyre became the first paid coach to leave Miami with a losing record. After he left, Miami did not hire a football coach for two seasons until Alonzo Edwin Branch was hired for the 1900 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5955932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955932" title="USS Cumberland (IX-8)">
USS Cumberland (IX-8)

USS "Cumberland" (IX-8), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the Cumberland River.
A steel-hulled sailing bark, she was launched on 17 August 1904 by Boston Navy Yard sponsored by Miss P. Morton, daughter of the Secretary of the Navy, and commissioned on 20 July 1907 with Lieutenant Commander R. D. Hasbrouck of the Naval Training Station, Newport, Rhode Island, assigned to direct the training program on board the ship.
Towed from Boston, Massachusetts, to Naval Training Station Newport, she was commissioned as an auxiliary to "Constellation", stationary training ship. About 200 apprentice seamen were immediately quartered on board her. She remained at Newport training landsmen and apprentice seamen until November 1912 when she was assigned to the Naval Station at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as station ship.
In 1914 "Cumberland" became receiving ship at the Naval Training Station, Norfolk, Virginia. On 7 April 1919 she was ordered to duty at Annapolis, Maryland, and was maintained at the United States Naval Academy until decommissioned on 31 October 1946 and delivered to the War Shipping Administration for disposal 22 July 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="5955933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955933" title="Edmund Pery, 5th Earl of Limerick">
Edmund Pery, 5th Earl of Limerick

Colonel Edmund Colquhoun Pery, 5th Earl of Limerick, GBE CH KCB DSO TD (16 October 1888–4 August 1967) was a British peer and soldier.
Pery was the eldest son of the 3rd Earl of Limerick and his second wife, Isabella, and was educated at Eton and New College, Oxford. He was commissioned into the City of London Yeomanry and during World War I he fought in Egypt, France and at the Battle of Gallipoli, ending the war as a Major. After the war, Pery continued to serve in the City of London Yeomanry, which became a Royal Artillery brigade, and inherited his half-brother's titles in 1929.
Lord Limerick was an Honorary Colonel of the City of London Yeomanry (TA) from 1932–52, Vice-Chairman from 1937–41 and then Chairman of the City of London Territorial and Auxiliary Forces Association from 1941–50 and Vice-Chairman from 1942–49, then Chairman from 1949–54, then President of the Council of Territorial and Auxiliary Forces Associations from 1954-56. He was also Chairman of the Medical Research Council from 1952-60.
On 1 June 1926, he had married Angela Olivia Trotter (1897—1981), a daughter of Lt Col. Sir Henry Trotter; they had three children:
In 1946, Angela, Countess of Limerick was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE). In 1954, she was elevated to Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE). Lord Limerick committed suicide in 1967 and his titles were inherited by his elder son, Patrick, who died in 2003. Angela, Countess of Limerick, died in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5955963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955963" title="Such a Wicked Love">
Such a Wicked Love

"Such a Wicked Love" is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson from her fifth album "La Toya". A remix, produced by hip-hop production team Full Force, was released on a 12" single in the U.S. The album track "Does It Really Matter" was included as a B-side.
To promote the single, Jackson set up a hotline where fans could phone in to hear the song. Jackson's hotline, an early form of podcasting, reached 20,000 listeners per day.
Jackson debuted "Such a Wicked Love" on "Bob Hope's Easter Vacation in the Bahamas", screened on March 25, 1989. Broadcaster NBC's Standards and Practices department censored Jackson's performance, deeming her dance moves "too prurient" for prime time television.
Jackson performed the song in Puerto Vallarta for Mexican television and in Caracas for the Venezuelan television program "Only For Men" in March 1989. The number was also part of her September 1989 "Sizzling Spectacular" concert on pay-per-view at Bally's in Reno.

</doc>
<doc id="5955977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955977" title="Thunderclap (comics)">
Thunderclap (comics)

Thunderclap (Stanley George Johnson) is a fictional superhero created by Marvel UK a division of Marvel Comics. Thunderclap first appeared in "Spider-Man Weekly" #607 (October 1984), and was created by Mike Collins and Barry Kitson.
Fictional character biography.
Born in West Bromwich, England, Stanley George Johnson was a struggling electronics salesman until he decided to cannibalize together other people's technology to create a pair of hydraulically powered gloves that could create sonic booms. Soon, he left England for New York, New York and took the name Thunderclap.
Thunderclap's first appears on the superhero scene comes when Spider-Man is trying to help police officers prevent a robber from escaping. As Spider-Man is about to stop the disaster, Thunderclap intervenes, slamming his hands together to create sonic booms that cause massive property damage while stopping the burglars.
Spider-Man leaves after lecturing Thunderclap, and Thunderclap apologizes to the police for the damage he has caused. When the press arrive, however, Thunderclap introduces himself and blames Spider-Man for the property damage. Thunderclap is declared a true hero by the "Daily Bugle".
Civil War.
Years later during Marvel Comics's 2006 crossover "Civil War", Thunderclap spends some time battling the superhero Bantam. The fight, which happens in "" #3 and is witnessed by Sally Floyd, is over Thunderclap's refusal to comply with the Superhero Registration Act and Bantam's efforts to bring him in. The battle concludes when Thunderclap knocks Bantam into a gas truck, which explodes and kills him.
Thunderclap tries to apologize but, feeling too ashamed, disappears into a nearby alley. Floyd, in a later issue of "Frontline", wonders about the convenience of the gas truck being so close to the battle.
Equipment.
Thunderclap's piston-like metal gloves are connected to a hydraulic device in the back of his suit which uses potential and kinetic energy that allow the gloves to collide together faster than the speed of sound. The resulting sonic boom (approximately 2000 decibels) is released outwards in a destructive energy sphere which strikes any matter with which it comes into contact with tremendous impact.
The sonic boom also has the tendency to temporarily deafen and disorientate anyone in the immediate area. Thunderclap's cowl is outfitted with protective silicone cups on the sides and an electronic device which muffle the sound of his sonic booms while amplifying quieter sounds to higher decibel levels.

</doc>
<doc id="5955979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955979" title="Minnesota Monsters">
Minnesota Monsters

The Minnesota Monsters was an indoor football team that played in the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 1998. The Monsters franchise was owned by Robert and Joann Edwards. The team office was based in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota, and played their games at Warner Coliseum on the Minnesota State Fairgrounds. The team colors were: Blue, Black, and White/Gold. The Monsters were coached by Ron Simmons for the few PIFL games they did participate in.
The Monsters played two preseason PIFL games in '98. Both were victories at home:
Minnesota's first three PIFL regular season games were losses. Then, the Monsters forfeited a home game scheduled against the Colorado Wildcats on May 16, 1998. The following weekend, on May 22, 1998, a road trip game at the Honolulu Hurricanes was on the schedule. Due to a shipping error, the Monsters had to play the first half of the game wearing the Hurricanes' road uniforms. Minnesota actually got their lone regular season victory in that game. The victory was taken away by the league president for unpaid bills. The team was officially folded on May 28, 1998.
After forfeiting another home game the following weekend against the Utah Catzz, The Monsters lost to Madison 20-36. The league ruled this game as an "exhibition game" for the standing purposes. From that point on, all remaining Minnesota Monsters games were ruled to be forfeits.
Minnesota Monsters 1998 schedule.
† Exhibition Game
‡ victory was taken away by the league president for unpaid bills

</doc>
<doc id="5955984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955984" title="New Kensington–Arnold School District">
New Kensington–Arnold School District

The New Kensington–Arnold School District is a small, suburban, public school district serving the cities of Arnold and New Kensington, located in northern Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The New Kensington–Arnold School District encompasses approximately . According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 20,400. By 2010, the District's population declined to 18,265 people. In 2009, the District residents’ per capita income was $16,285, while the median family income was $36,720. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010.
According to District officials, in school year 2007-08, New Kensington–Arnold School District provided basic educational services to 2,142 pupils. It employed: 204 teachers, 88 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 13 administrators. New Kensington–Arnold School District received more than $15.5 million in state funding in school year 2007-08.
New Kensington–Arnold School District operates 6 schools: 
National Sunny Day Award.
In 2012, the school district's website won the National Sunny Day Award for Transparency. 
Governance.
New Kensington–Arnold School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serves without compensation for a term of four years.), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills. The Superintendent and Business Manager are appointed by the school board. The Superintendent is the chief administrative officer with overall responsibility for all aspects of operations, including education and finance. The Business Manager is responsible for budget and financial operations. Neither of these officials are voting members of the School Board.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a " A+" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
New Kensington–Arnold School District was ranked 439th out of 500 Pennsylvania school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times in 2013. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated on the last three years of the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2013, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. New Kensington–Arnold School District ranked 64th. In 2012, the district was 72nd. The editor describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations."
District AYP status history.
In 2012, New Kensington–Arnold School District declined to Warning Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status. In 2011, New Kensington–Arnold School District achieved AYP. In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of Pennsylvania public school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. New Kensington–Arnold School District achieved AYP status each year from 2008 to 2010. 
New Kensington–Arnold School District's Fort Crawford School was cited in a state report regarding irregularities in the PSSA testing. After an investigation, the District was required by the Pennsylvania Department of Education to develop a plan to remediate the issues involved. Statewide 48 school districts or charter programs had suspicious results in the exams administered in 2009, 2010, or 2011. The scandal calls into question much of the student academic growth touted by the Rendell Administration which conspicuously ignored the Data Recognition Corp. forensic erasure analysis.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, New Kensington–Arnold School District’s graduation rate was 80%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 77%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Valley High School's rate was 53.75% for 2010.
Valley High School.
Valley High School is located at 703 Stevenson Blvd, New Kensington. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the School reported an enrollment of 652 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 344 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced-price lunch. The school employed 35 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 18:1. Valley High School is a federal Title I school. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 61 courses are taught by teachers who are rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2013, Valley High School's 11th grade ranked 63rd out of 104 western Pennsylvania high schools based on the last three years of student academic achievement in Pennsylvania System of School Assessments (PSSA) in: reading, math, writing and science. (Ranking includes schools in: Allegheny County, Beaver County, Butler County, Fayette County, Westmoreland County, and Washington County) In 2012, Valley High School ranked 86th out of 104 Western Pennsylvania public high schools.
In 2012, Valley High School declined again to Corrective Action Level I AYP status. In 2011, Valley High School was in School Improvement Level II AYP status. Under the federal No Child Left Behind Act, the school administration was required to notify parents of the school's poor achievement outcomes and to offer the parent the opportunity to transfer to a successful school within the District. Additionally the school administration was required by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, to develop a School Improvement Plan to address the school's low student achievement. Under the Pennsylvania Accountability System, the school district must pay for additional tutoring for struggling students. Valley High School is eligible for extra funding under School Improvement Grants which the school must apply to the Pennsylvania Department of Education for each year.
11th Grade Reading:
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 29% of the Valley High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Valley High School offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offered a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. In 2010, Governor Edward Rendell eliminated the grants to students, from the Commonwealth, due to a state budget crisis.
For the 2009-10 funding year, Valley School District received a state grant of $10,897 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
Among Pennsylvania's 500 public school districts, graduation requirements widely vary. The New Kensington-Arnold School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 24 credits to graduate, including: Math 3 credits, English 4 years, social studies 4 credits, science 3 credits, Physical Education and health 2.5 credits, Micro-Applications 0.5 credit and electives 6 credits. Students enrolled in Northern Westmoreland Career Center are exempt from Micro-Applications, and one (1) credit of Physical Education. Students must earn 5.5 credits for promotion to 10th Grade. Students must earn 10.5 credits for promotion to 11th Grade. All students are required attend an exit interview prior to graduation.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students were required to complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. For the class of 2019, a composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
AP courses.
Valley High School offers several AP Courses where a successful student can earn college credits for the cost of the AP exams administered by the College Board. The amount of credits a student will be awarded is based on the score achieved on the end of course exam and is at the discretion of the individual college or university. Valley High School students have a low success rate on the annual AP exams. The AP courses offered are: AP Calculus AB, AP American History, AP English 11, AP English 12, AP Physics, AP Chemistry.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 104 New Kensington–Arnold School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 432. The Math average score was 444. The Writing average score was 416. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 88 New Kensington–Arnold School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 478. The Math average score was 482. The Writing average score was 453. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Valley Middle School.
Valley Middle School is located at1701 Alcoa Dr, Arnold. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, Valley Middle School reported an enrollment of 496 pupils in grades 6th through 8th, with 303 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 26 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 19:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1 teacher is rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2013, Valley Middle School's eighth grade ranked 126 out of 149 ranked local schools. In 2009, the 8th grade was ranked 121st out of 141 western Pennsylvania middle schools based on the last three years of student academic achievement in PSSAs in: reading, math writing and science. (local ranking includes schools in: Allegheny, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Westmoreland, and Washington counties).
In 2012, Valley Middle School declined to Warning AYP status due to low student achievement in reading and mathematics. The school missed all metrics measured for all three tests.
8th Grade Reading:
8th Grade Math:
8th Grade Science:
7th Grade Reading:
7th Grade Math:
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
Berkey School.
Berkey School is located at 1739 Victoria Avenue, Arnold. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, Berkey School reported an enrollment of 320 pupils in 4th and 5th grades, with 216 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 25.66 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2012, Berkey School declined to Warning AYP status. In 2011, Berkey School achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Fort Crawford School.
Fort Crawford School is located at 255 Third Street, New Kensington. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 204 pupils in grades kindergarten through 3rd, with 174 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 14 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1 of its teachers was rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
In 2011 and 2012, Fort Crawford School achieved AYP status.
Greenwald Memorial School.
Greenwald Memorial School is located at. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 216 pupils in grades kindergarten through 3rd, with 124 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 17 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2011 and 2012, Greenwald Memorial School achieved AYP status.
Martin School.
Martin School is located at 1800 7th Street, New Kensington. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 228 pupils in grades kindergarten through 3rd, with 153 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school is a federally designated Title I school. The school employed 15 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 15:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2011 and 2012, Martin School achieved AYP status.
Special education.
In December 2010, the District administration reported that 486 pupils or 22% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 50% of the identified students having a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the District administration reported that 479 pupils or 21% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 50.9% of the identified students having a specific learning disability. Special education services in the Commonwealth are provided to students from ages three years to 21 years old. In the 2010-11 school year, the total student enrollment In Pennsylvania public schools was more than 1.78 million students with approximately 275,000 students eligible for special education services. Among these students 18,959 were identified with mental retardation and 21,245 students with autism. The largest group of Pennsylvania's special needs students are identified as having Specific Learning Disabilities 126,026 students (46.9 percent) and Speech or Language Impairments with 43,542 students (16.2 percent).
In order to comply with state and federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act rules and regulations, the school district engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress . In order to identify the students who may be eligible for special education services, various screening activities are conducted by the District on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Special Education administration. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible for services may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the district's Special Education Department. The IDEA 2004 requires each school entity to publish a notice to parents, in newspapers or other media, including the student handbook and website regarding the availability of screening and intervention services and how to access them.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Special Education funding structure is through the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) funds and state appropriations. IDEA funds are appropriated to the state on an annual basis and distributed through intermediate units (IUs) to school districts, while state funds are distributed directly to the districts. Total funds that are received by school districts are calculated through a formula. The Pennsylvania Department of Education oversees four appropriations used to fund students with special needs: Special Education; Approved Private Schools; Pennsylvania Chartered Schools for the Deaf and Blind; and Early Intervention. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. Over identification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education. The state requires each public school district and charter school to have a three-year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. In 2012, the Obama Administration's US Department of Education issued a directive that schools include students with disabilities in extracurricular activities, including sports.
The New Kensington–Arnold School District received a $1,777,531 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12 and 2012-13 school years, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required. Additionally, the state provides supplemental funding for extraordinarily impacted students. The District must apply for this added funding.
LRE Monitoring In 2009, New Kensington–Arnold School District was identified by the Pennsylvania Department of Education for Least Restrictive Environment monitoring. One hundred ninety six schools districts were selected in 2008-09. The district received an alert letter from the PDE - Bureau of Special Education. School districts were placed in one of three categories: Tier 1, Tier 2 or Tier 3. New Kensington–Arnold School District was placed in Tier 3. The monitoring is a product of the PDE addressing its voluntary settlement in Gaskin V. Pennsylvania which ordered that special education students spend most of their school day (80%) in regular education classrooms with supplementary aids and services to assist funded by the taxpayers. In 2010, New Kensington-Arnold District was assigned to the Tier 1 monitoring list, due to students spending more than 80% of their day in a regular education classroom. The District was subject to on-site LRE monitoring by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Twenty public school districts in Pennsylvania were placed on Tier 1 status.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that 61 or 2.75% of its students were gifted in 2009. The highest percentage of gifted students reported among all 500 public school districts and 100 public charter schools in Pennsylvania was North Allegheny School District with 15.5% of its students identified as gifted. By law, the District must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
Wellness policy.
New Kensington-Arnold School Board established a district wellness policy in 2006. The policy deals with nutritious meals served at school, the control of access to some foods and beverages during school hours, age appropriate nutrition education for all students, and physical education for students K-12. The policy is in response to state mandates and federal legislation (P.L. 108 – 265). The law dictates that each school district participating in a program authorized by the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq) or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq) "shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006." Most districts identified the superintendent and school foodservice director as responsible for ensuring local wellness policy implementation.
The legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level. According to the requirements for the Local Wellness Policy, school districts must set goals for nutrition education, physical activity, campus food provision, and other school-based activities designed to promote student wellness. Additionally, districts were required to involve a broad group of individuals in policy development and to have a plan for measuring policy implementation. Districts were offered a choice of levels of implementation for limiting or prohibiting low nutrition foods on the school campus. In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus. The Pennsylvania Department of Education required the New Kensington–Arnold School District to submit a copy of its policy for state approval.
New Kensington–Arnold School District offers both a free school breakfast and free or reduced-price lunch to low-income children. The program is funded with federal dollars through the United States Department of Agriculture.
Highmark Healthy High 5 grant.
In 2009, New Kensington–Arnold School District received funding through a Highmark Healthy High 5 grant. Martin School received $9,180 which was used to purchase DDR/Wii system utilized during physical education and music classes for grades K-3rd. Beginning in 2006, Highmark Foundation engaged in a 5 year, $100 million program to promote lifelong healthy behaviors in children and adolescents through local nonprofits and schools.
Budget.
Pennsylvania public school districts budget and expend funds according to procedures mandated by the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE). An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials. A uniform form is furnished by the PDE and submitted to the board of school directors for approval prior to the beginning of each fiscal year on July 1.
Under Pennsylvania’s Taxpayer Relief Act, Act 1 of the Special Session of 2006, all school districts of the first class A, second class, third class and fourth class must adopt a preliminary budget proposal. The proposal must include estimated revenues and expenditures and the proposed tax rates. This proposed budget must be considered by the Board no later than 90 days prior to the date of the election immediately preceding the fiscal year. The preliminary budget proposal must also be printed and made available for public inspection at least 20 days prior to its adoption. The board of school directors may hold a public hearing on the budget, but are not required to do so. The board must give at least 10 days’ public notice of its intent to adopt the final budget according to Act 1 of 2006.
In 2011, the average teacher salary in New Kensington–Arnold School District was $56,080 a year and the district employed 189 teachers and administrators. The top salary was $132,613, while the starting salary was $41,414.
In 2009, the New Kensington–Arnold School District reported employing 204 teachers and administrators with a median salary of $55,107 and a top salary of $132,613. The teacher’s work day was 7 hours 30 minutes, including a 30-minute duty-free lunch and a daily preparation period. There are 187 work days in the contract year (181 student days). Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, 3 paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, 3 paid bereavement days, 3 paid emergency leave days, and other benefits. At retirement teachers are paid for unused sick days. Early retiring teachers also receive District health insurance until the age of 65 years. The Union is given six paid days in which to conduct union business. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation.
New Kensignton-Arnold School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $809.11 per pupil which ranked 186th in Pennsylvania. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association collects and maintains statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent, for the 2007-08 school year, was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. According to PSBA, the median Superintendent salary, in Pennsylvania, rose to over $130,000 in 2011.
Per pupil spending In 2008, New Kensington–Arnold School District administration reported that per pupil spending was $12,031 which ranked 226th among Pennsylvania's 501 school districts. In 2010 the per pupil spending had increased to $14,272.81. Among the states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was $12,759. The U.S. Census Bureau reports that Pennsylvania spent $8,191 per pupil in school year year 2000-01.
Reserves In 2008, New Kensington–Arnold School District reported a balance of $7,466,899 in its unreserved-undesignated fund. The unreserved-designated fund balance was reported as zero.
Audit In January 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the District. The findings were reported to the School Board and the District’s administration. The audit found the New Kensington–Arnold School District had not taken appropriate corrective action in implementing recommendations for providing adequate documentation of nonresident membership data reported to the Department of Education.
Tuition Students who live in the New Kensington–Arnold School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to New Kensington–Arnold School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates are Elementary School - $8,391.29, High School - $10,661.13.
New Kensington–Arnold School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax - 0.5%, a property tax, a statewide real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Interest earnings on reserve accounts also provide nontax income to the District. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level of the individual’s personal wealth. The average Pennsylvania public school teacher pension in 2011 exceeds $60,000 a year plus they receive Social Security benefits: both are free of Pennsylvania income tax and local income tax which funds local public schools.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, the New Kensington–Arnold School District received $11,153,908. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block Grant (ABG) program. New Kensington-Arnold received $205,818 in ABG funding. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS.
In 2011-12, the New Kensington–Arnold School District received a $10,948,090 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the New Kensington–Arnold School District received $205,818 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount was a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to [[Duquesne City School District which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. In 2010, the District reported that 1,316 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
In the 2010-11 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $11,505,680. Among the public school districts in Westmoreland County, the highest increase went to Yough School District which got a 7.40% increase in state Basic Education Funding. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where each district received at least the same amount as it received the prior school year, even when enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward Rendell and then Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal given each February. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some public school districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009-2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 3.05% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $11,281,487. Among the districts in Westmoreland County, the highest increase went to Southmoreland School District which got a 6.44%. Ninety school Pennsylvania public school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Pennsylvania spent $7,824 Per Pupil in the year 2000. This amount increased up to $12,085 by the year 2008.
The state Basic Education Funding to the district in 2008-09 was $10,948,090.19. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1,129 District students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–2008 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11, New Kensington–Arnold School District applied for and received $558,642 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district uses the funding to provide full-day kindergarten and for expanded teacher training, including reading and math coaches to help teachers improve their instruction.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006 to 2009. New Kensington–Arnold School District did not apply to participate in 2006-07 nor in 2007-08. The district received $138,210 in 2008-09. In Westmoreland County the highest award was given to Franklin Regional School District - $449,073. The highest funding state wide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. In 2010, Classrooms for the Future funding was curtailed by Governor Rendell due to a massive state financial crisis.
Education Assistance grant.
The state's EAP funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11, New Kensington=Arnold School District received $154,568.
Literacy grant.
New Kensington–Arnold School District was awarded a $58,000 competitive literacy grant. It is to be used to improve reading skills birth through 12th grade. The district was required to develop a lengthly literacy plan, which included outreach into the community. The funds come from a Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, also referred to as the Keystones to Opportunity grant It is a five-year, competitive federal grant program designed to assist local education agencies in developing and implementing local comprehensive literacy plans. Of the 329 pre-applications by school districts reviewed by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, School District was one of only 148 entities that were invited to submit a full application. In County 5 school districts and one charter school were awarded funding for one year. The funds must be used for teacher training, student screening and assessment, targeted interventions for students reading below grade level and research-based methods of improving classroom instruction and practice. Districts must hire literacy coaches. The coaches work with classroom teachers to enhance their literacy teaching skills. Pennsylvania was among six other states, out of the 35 that applied, to be awarded funding. Pennsylvania received $38 million through the federal program. The Pennsylvania Department of Education reserved 5% of the grant for administration costs at the state level. The top Pennsylvania grant recipient was Pittsburgh School District which was awarded $1,9983,014]].
Other grants.
New Kensington–Arnold School District did not participate in: Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's Environmental Education grants, PA Science Its Elementary grants, nor the 21st Century learning grants.
Federal Stimulus grant.
New Kensington–Arnold School District received an extra $3,914,493 in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA) - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was limited to the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly advised to use the funds for one-time expenditures like: acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top grant.
New Kensington–Arnold School District officials applied for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have provided nearly one million dollars in additional federal funding to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2012-13 were set by the New Kensington-Arnold School Board at 74.7000 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. When a Pennsylvania public school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, a state board equalizes the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the State Tax Equalization Board (STEB) were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts, including those that did not cross county borders.
The average yearly property tax paid by Westmoreland County residents amounts to about 3.31% of their yearly income. York County ranked 451st of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not permitted to raise property taxes above their annual Index unless they either: allow voters to vote by referendum or they receive an exception from the Pennsylvania Department of Education. The base index for the school year is published by the PDE in the fall of each year. Each individual school district’s Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as local property values and the personal income of district residents. Originally, Act 1 or 2006 included 10 exceptions: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. In June 2011, the Pennsylvania General Assembly eliminated six exceptions to the Act 1 Index. Several exceptions were maintained: 1) costs to pay interest and principal on indebtedness incurred prior to September 4, 2004 for Act 72 schools and prior to June 27, 2006 for non-Act 72 schools; 2) costs to pay interest and principal on electoral debt; 3) costs incurred in providing special education programs and services (beyond what is already paid by the State); and 4) costs due to increases of more than the Index in the school’s share of payments to PSERS (PA school employees pension fund) taking into account the state mandated PSERS contribution rate.
The School District Adjusted Index for the New Kensington–Arnold School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
For the 2012-13 budget year, New Kensington-Arnold School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, the New Kensington-Arnold School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the New Kensington-Arnold School Board has the option of adopting either: 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
New Kensington-Arnold School Board did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2010-11. For the 2009-10 school budget, the Board also did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Index. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2012, New Kensington–Arnold School District approved homestead residents received $300. The amount of property tax relief each public school district receives is announced by the PDE in May each year. It is dependent on the amount of tax revenue collected on the casino slots in the previous year. In 2010, property tax relief for 4,246 approved residents of New Kensington–Arnold School District was set at $302. In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Area School District was also $161 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 6,534 property owners applied for the tax relief. In Westmoreland County, the highest tax relief went to New Kensington–Arnold School District. The highest property tax relief, among Pennsylvania school districts, went to the homesteads of Chester Upland School District of Delaware County which received $632 per approved homestead in 2010. Chester-Upland School District has consistently been the top recipient since the programs inception. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Lawrence County, 51.25% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. This was among the lowest participation rates in Pennsylvania.
In Pennsylvania, the homestead exclusion reduces the assessed values of homestead properties, reducing the property tax on these homes. The homestead exclusion allows homeowners real property tax relief of up to one half of the median assessed value of homesteads in the taxing jurisdiction (county, school district, city, borough, or township).
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650 a year. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently people who have an income of substantially more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This tax rebate can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief. In 2012, Pennsylvania Secretary of the Treasury reported issuing more than half a million property tax rebates totaling $238 million. The program is funded by the Pennsylvania Lottery. Property tax rebates can be increased by an additional 50 percent for senior households in the state, so long as those households have incomes under $30,000 and pay more than 15% of their income in property taxes.
Extracurriculars.
New Kensington–Arnold School District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive and costly sports program. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy and in compliance with the standards set by the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA). The District is a member of the WPIAL (Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association). Valley High’s Girls Softball was a recipient of the National Spirit of Sport Award from the National Federation of State High School Association due to their positive response to a controversial call.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students residing in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="5955999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5955999" title="St. Joseph High School (Ottawa)">
St. Joseph High School (Ottawa)

St. Joseph High School, referred to as "St. Joe's" by the local community of Barrhaven, Ontario, is a Roman Catholic high school run by the Ottawa Catholic School Board. In athletics, the school teams are referred to as the St. Joseph Jaguars and the school mascot is a jaguar named McJagger. St. Joe's has an enrollment of approximately 1425 students, ranging from grades 7 to 12, as well as 115 staff members.
History.
St. Joseph High School opened on 11 October 2002 to account for the recent growth of the Ottawa, Ontario suburb, Barrhaven. The only other Catholic high school in the area, Mother Teresa High School, was desperately overcrowded when St. Joe's opened for the 2002-03 school year. Bearing the name of another high school existing in the region during the late 1950s, the school began with an enrollment of over 1000 students. By 2005, this number had exceeded 1500 students.
Facilities.
The building of St. Joseph High School followed the design of Edward J. Cuhaci, mimicking Holy Trinity High School and many other local schools. St. Joe's has three floors, which include a chapel, two gymnasiums, five computer labs, a library, an exercise room, two art rooms, and laboratories for chemistry, biology, physics, and general science. There are 13 portables outside the school, as well as two football fields, basketball nets, and a 400-metre track.
Extra-curricular Activities.
Athletics.
St. Joseph offers a wide variety of over 25 sports teams, ranging from football to badminton. In its beginning 3 years alone, St. Joe's sent 6 teams to the Ontario Federation of Secondary Schools Athletic Association provincial championships, with the 2005-06 Junior Cheerleading team even placing first in Ontario. Every year since its opening, the school has won the CAHPERD award for its educational programs.
Arts.
St. Joseph offers Art, Music, and Drama classes to students in all grade levels. Photography classes are offered to students in grades 10 through 12. In grade 12, the Drama class becomes a production class, in which, students put on a play. This play is usually entered in the Cappies Critics and Awards Program. There is also an Improv Club, a 7/8 as well as a high school band, and after school music lessons. St. Joseph hosts an annual Coffee House, Arts Night, and a Battle of the Bands to showcase the school's talent.
Intramurals.
Grade 7 and 8, as well as Grades 9-12, are offered lunch-time intramurals in sports such as floor hockey, basketball, or dodgeball. For their efforts, St. Joseph has been given the CIRA award for its programs. High School intramurals are organised by the Recreational Leadership class, a class offered for grade 11 students at lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="5956008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956008" title="Thunderclap">
Thunderclap

Thunderclap can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956013" title="You Blew">
You Blew

"You Blew" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, taken from her fifth album "La Toya". The single was produced by hip-hop production team Full Force and was released on 7" and 12" formats in Germany by Teldec Records. Both versions include only two tracks: "You Blew" and "Such a Wicked Love", which had previously been released as a single in the US.
Jackson performed the song in Caracas for the Venezuelan television program "Only For Men" in March 1989 and in two German TV shows, including Günther Jauch's "Na Siehste!".
Release.
The song was released only in some parts of Europe, including Germany, Austria and Switzerland on her German label only. The song, released as the fifth single from "La Toya" (1988) was released in November 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5956016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956016" title="Waajeed">
Waajeed

Waajeed (born Robert O'Bryant) is a Detroit-born music producer, and one half of the hip hop and R&B group Platinum Pied Pipers, and a founding member of Tiny Hearts. He formed the Bling47 record label in 2002, which has released projects by J Dilla, Waajeed himself, and others. Since 2013, he has preferred the name Jeedo.
The name "Waajeed" means "finder" or "seeker" in Arabic.
Biography.
Background.
Before he began producing records, Waajeed was studying art and DJing in and around the Detroit music circuit. He was a prominent photographer in the local hip-hop scene and designed the cover for both Slum Village's "Fan-Tas-Tic (Vol. 1)" and "Fantastic, Vol. 2," among others.
Waajeed was an executive producer on Dwele's pre-debut project, "Rize," which ultimately led to Dwele getting signed to Virgin Records shortly thereafter. He has been a close friend of Slum Village since its earliest days, DJ'ing for them on their earliest tours, convincing the group to release their first album/demo, "Fan-Tas-Tic (Vol. 1)", choosing the group's name, and introducing them to fourth member Elzhi.
Since his earlier records, Waajeed has made a shift towards a "darker" sound which he explains in a 2013 interview. "People often ask me what my music is about and they see it as dark or bleak and yes, I do think it’s dark, but it’s also hopeful and optimistic. I make dark music to be a better person. I make dark music so I don’t go out in a temper and take a son from a mother. You have to camouflage yourself. You have to lay in the cut…. My music is dark because it’s a reflection of the times too. These are serious times we live in so even at its brightest moments there’s a taint to my work. What’s going on with all the gunplay – this is not a time for happy sing-along shit." 
Career.
As a producer, Waajeed began comparatively late (2000), but before long had landed a handful of tracks on his longtime friends, Slum Village's "Trinity (Past, Present and Future)" album. According to Waajeed, his first MPC had previously belonged to J Dilla. After the hardware was broken by Questlove, J Dilla said that Waajeed could keep it if he could fix it. His first beats were made on that very same MPC after managing to correct the problem.
Waajeed's productions have led to him working with some of the industry's most respected artists such as Cee Lo Green, and more.
In 2007 he released an album called "The War LP" which included solo instrumentals as well as new production for Invincible, Tiombe Lockhart, TaRaach, and the late J Dilla.
Waajeed has been a featured guest on many international radio shows, including KCRW, BBC Radio 1, and more.
In 2010, he released preview of his remix of DEDE (American Band)'s "Phantom" on Soundcloud.
In 2011, he joined and co-founded music group Tiny Hearts with producer Tim K and vocalist Dede Reynolds of DEDE.
In 2012, he established his second independent label, Dirt Tech Reck.
He is currently working on new solo material, as well as a collaborative album with Invincible.

</doc>
<doc id="5956017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956017" title="Emu (beer)">
Emu (beer)

Emu is a beer label owned by Lion Nathan. Originally brewed by the Emu Brewery in 1908, following the sale of the Emu Brewery to the Swan Brewery in 1927, production of Emu beer continued from a separate autonomous brewery in Perth until 1978 when it was relocated to a combined brewery in Canning Vale. In 2014 Lion Nathan moved production of both the Emu and Swan beer brands to the company's brewery in South Australia.
Varieties.
There are three varieties:
In the mid to late 20th century, when Emu Bitter came in large brown bottles with green labels, it was also called "green slime", "green stuff", "green poison" or "kero". These names were frequently used tongue in cheek, or in a derogatory way by those who preferred Swan lager, (often the only readily available alternative), and were a reference to Emu Bitter's green coloured label and its very bitter taste ("kerosene like taste" Swan Lager drinkers would claim). Post WW II, power kerosene in Western Australia was often coloured green and came in brown 26 oz. bottles similar to those used post war for Emu Bitter. These old colloquial names are still sometimes used with affection by some older generation Western Australians who recall the days when beer only came in large brown bottles or out of a keg.
Prior to the late 1970s, the Swan Brewery had a virtual monopoly in the Western Australia beer market. Therefore, outside of the Goldfields where the original Hannan's Lager and Kalgoorlie Stout (Kalgoorlie brewed by the Swan Brewery owned Kalgoorlie Brewing Company) still held their own, the choice for beer drinkers was often only between Emu Bitter and Swan Lager, and both brews had their loyal consumers who would make fun of the opposing brew. Emu Bitter drinkers, in response to the "kero" name calling, would often claim that Emu Bitter was "a real man's drink", while Swan Lager was "a drink for women and young men not tough enough to appreciate the bitter taste of Emu Bitter". And in those less than politically correct days, any young Perth man who did drink an imported beer, or the locally bottled Skol, or Swan Special Bond, was likely to get comments from his drinking friends suggesting his choice of brew indicated something questionable about his sexuality. The Kalgoorlie Brewery closed in 1982 and Hannan's Lager eventually disappeared from Swan's list of brews (but lately, a facsimile Hannan's Lager was launched by the Ironbark Brewery).
Emu Brewery.
Emu beer originated from the Stanley Brewery (previously the Albion Brewery) which was established by James Stokes, a 27 year old settler from Bristol in England. Built in 1848 at the foot of Mt Eliza, the brewery's name was later changed to the "Emu Brewery" to better identify with its popular Emu bottled beer. In 1927 Swan Brewery acquired control of what was then its major competitor - the Emu Brewery.
Because of the popularity of the Emu bottled beer, Swan decided to expand and modernise the Emu Brewery and to run it as a separate concern rather than amalgamate it with Swan's other lines. As a result, and even in relatively modern times, the Emu Brand had a namesake brewery.
The last "Emu Brewery" stood at the corner of Spring Street and Mounts Bay Road at the western end of the Perth CBD. The art deco building, designed by architects Oldham, Boas and Ednie-Brown in 1937, featured large interesting and attractive stone motives of brewing activities created by WA sculptor Edward F Kohler. The building was considered one of the more attractive buildings operated by the Swan Brewery Company and a star example of the Perth Art Deco architectural era. Swan were proud enough of the building to feature a picture of it on the label of their bottles and cans of Emu Export Lager.
Once this last "Emu Brewery" was closed, proposed redevelopment of the site became a controversial issue as it was overlooked by Parliament House. The site remained empty and abandoned for many years and was the target for vandalism and graffiti. Despite a heritage listing, the site consequently became run down and the brewery building was demolished in late 1991 / early 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5956022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956022" title="Complex organizations">
Complex organizations

Complex organizations may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956024" title="Belvedere Records">
Belvedere Records

Belvedere Records was an American independent record label founded by Hochschild, Kohn & Co., a department store located in Baltimore, Maryland in 1922. It released records by Ford Dabney’s Syncopated Orchestra, W. C. Handy's Memphis Blues Band and the Original Memphis Five.

</doc>
<doc id="5956056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956056" title="Hamilton Field">
Hamilton Field

Hamilton Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956065" title="Coalcliff, New South Wales">
Coalcliff, New South Wales

Coalcliff is a town on the coast of New South Wales, Australia, between Sydney and Wollongong. Together with Stanwell Park it belongs to the "Little Bulli" indentation of the northern Illawarra coast strip.
History.
In 1796 William Clark and others trekking north to Port Jackson from the wrecked ship "Sydney Cove" noticed coal exposed at the cliffs there and made a fire from it, attracting rescuers, giving the area its name. George Bass was despatched to report on it and traced the deposit along the shore and inland. There was nowhere for ships to safely land though, so it was not until 1850 that it began to be excavated.
Land Grants
In 1824 Matthew John Gibbons received a promised grant of one thousand acres from Governor Macquarie. The grant was known as 'Little Bullie' and later Stanwell Park. Gibbons was actually allocated one thousand and twenty acres from the top of Bald Hill to Judge's or Stony Creek in Coalcliff.
Although the grant included Coalcliff Gibbons was unable to use it because of its inaccessibility. The land was promised to him in 1824 but it was not finally granted to him until 1833.
Early Residents
"Matthew John Gibbons"
Matthew John Gibbons arrived in Australia in 1790 as a convict on the Second Fleet. He received a pardon and joined the NSW Regiment as a steward to Major Francis Grose, a member of the NSW (or "Rum") Corps. He married a free settler, Margaret Gordon. He and his wife had two children, Matthew and Elizabeth. The Gibbons family went back to England for a time but they returned in 1821. Gibbons worked in the civil service as a storekeeper to the Civil Engineer until 1832.
Matthew John Gibbons was a prominent citizen of the early colony, and died a respected member of the community.
"Sir Thomas Livingstone Mitchell"
Mr Mitchell was a well known explorer and Surveyor General of New South Wales. He first acquired property in northern Illawarra in the 1830s. Mitchell purchased property in anticipation of the highway to Illawarra passing through the land. The highway was surveyed but not used to any extent. Mitchell lacked the means to develop the properties in the Illawarra and they passed to his son Campbell Mitchell with little having been done.
Early Transport
"Railways"
Construction of a rail link between Sydney and Wollongong was approved in 1881. It was done in three sections, the first from Sydney to George's River, the second from George's River to Clifton/Coalcliff, and the third from Clifton to Albion Park. The contract for the third stage of the Illawarra Railway was signed in 1883.
The Coalcliff Railway Tunnel No. 8 (also known as the Clifton Tunnel) is owned by the State Railway and was the first tunnel built on the Illawarra Line. It allowed the southern isolated section of the line between Scarborough and Bombo to be extended northwards to Coalcliff. This section was opened on 25 July 1888 extending the then isolated line so that passengers could transfer by coach at Coalcliff to the operating line between Waterfall and Sydney.
The tunnel is a brick oviform railway tunnel featuring buttressed brick portals with pilasters and brick balustrade above. It is the second longest tunnel on the Illawarra line. Work commenced on the Coalcliff Tunnel in 1883. The unofficial opening of the Clifton to Coalcliff line was on 23 July 1888, and the first through train ran from Sydney to Wollongong on 7 September 1888. It is a single lane tunnel, 1,003 m long. A brick works was established at Otford in 1885 to provide bricks for the Coalcliff Tunnel. It took 3 million bricks to line the tunnel.
The Coalcliff Tunnel No. 8 is listed under the Local Heritage Act.
"Roads"
In 1868 a road was constructed from the foot of Bulli Pass to Coalcliff in response to the small, but growing population in the Northern Illawarra.
Coalcliff General Store
In 1888 the Coalcliff General Store opened at 19 Paterson Road (once referred to as the 'main street') by Mr John Earle Gibbons and his wife, son and daughter-in-law of Matthew John Gibbons. Architecturally the store was of plain colonial style, constructed of local wood with a sandstone foundation. It sold, amongst other household items, milk, bread, butter, drinks, meat, stationary goods, cigarettes and other tobacco paraphernalia, jams, preserves, poultry and bakery products. The shop was the major lifeforce behind the township until its closure in 1907. The same year the shop was burned to the ground via unknown causes and remained a vacant lot until 1910 when another store was erected and opened by a Mr. L. Jameson. The building still stands today at the corner on Paterson Road, which has been a private residential property since 1961.
The Jameson Store was the last running commercial outlet in Coalcliff, which ceased operation in May 1960 due to an overexpense of running costs and a severe lack of customers, with many of the towns-people opting to shop at nearby Stanwell Park, Helensburgh or south to Bulli and Wollongong. At the height of its popularity it served as a milkbar, fish & chip shop, general store, tobacconist and even a small bottle shop within its small boundaries. Its unsurpassable views meant it was a popular place for holidayers passing by.
The only evidence of this once thriving store are the fading advertisements painted to its side and roof.
Leeder Park
Leeder Park, situated on Paterson Road, is a rest park and children's payground which provides access to Coalcliff's tidal rock pool. It was a five-year community project which started in 1959. Noel Leeder (then Manager at Coalcliff Colliery and President of the Coalcliff Progress Association) used his earlier background as a practising geologist to put together a proposal to Wollongong City Council, the Joint Coal Board, and the local member of the State Government (Rex Jackson) for the Council to acquire two blocks of land in Paterson Road which were slumping into the ocean and taking part of the road with it. Noel Leeder identified the cause of the slumping which was the pudgy band of Scarborough Greywacke, stratigraphically lying near the base of the water-laden Hawkesbury Sandstones and just above the coal measures, which was regularly pinching out during rain and allowing the strata above to collapse and fall onto the rock platform and into the sea.
Mechanical equipment and other resources of the Illawarra Coke Company (owner of Coalcliff Colliery) were used to support the Paterson Road land stabilisation project in which the two blocks of land were drained and filled with 3,500 tons of hard rock and soil. Noel Leeder also successfully lobbied the Joint Coal Board to provide substantial funding to dig deeply below part of Paterson Road and the newly acquired blocks of land to precisely identify the location of the buried Scarborough Greywacke (then confirmed as the main water source causing the land to slump) and to buy the large diameter rust-free piping needed to pipe the water from below Paterson Road to the rock platform and the sea.
Once completed, the Joint Coal Board provided the funds to buy most of the furniture, swings, etc. for the park. A community meeting of Coalcliff residents requested the park be named after Noel Leeder who not only initiated the project but guided it through to completion. This was supported by Wollongong City Council. Noel Leeder acknowledges the much needed support he received for the project from the then Wollongong Mayor Albert Squires, who officially opened the park on 22 February 1964. A video of the official opening of the park can be viewed here.
Coalcliff Community Hall
When the Sydney Water Board began to plan the first complete water reticulation and sewerage system to link Stanwell Park and Coalcliff with the Sydney and Wollongong systems, Noel Leeder, then Manager of the Coalcliff Colliery, persuaded the Colliery to donate land for a proposed new community hall and give the Water Board freedom of access through the cokeworks' extensive land holdings on the scarp and the plain above (including use of the private dam then providing all the water to Coalcliff, the mine and the cokeworks), and some vital logistics support in doing the work. The pay off was an undertaking from Wollongong City Council to finance, build and maintain the new Community Hall (with substantial input from the Colliery in the design). However, ownership of the land and hall had to be vested in the Wollongong City Council as was required by State legislation. At the time, Wollongong City Council pledged to always look after the very best interests of the community (see "Save Coalcliff Campaign" below). The Community Hall was opened on 16 November 1957.
Save Coalcliff Campaign
In August 2013 Wollongong City Council launched ”Securing our Future”, a review to address their asset renewal funding gap. This could have seen, among other things, local rock pools run to fail, the cutting of permanent life guard hours, and Coalcliff's Community Hall demolished. This sparked protests in Coalcliff which was reported in both the local and state media.
Historical Videos
Noal Leeder has uploaded several historical videos about, or featuring, Coalcliff onto his YouTube site. "Coalcliff - Paradise Found" includes an interview Nick Rheinberger conducted in April 2014 with Noel Leeder about his work at the Coalcliff Cokeworks and the events leading to the creation of Leeder Park.
Industry.
Illawarra Coke Company's (ICC's) site at Coalcliff was a working industrial site from the late 1800s when coal mining commenced, until the closure of Coalcliff Cokeworks in mid-2013.
Coalcliff Colliery 1878-1991
The working life of the Coalcliff site dates back to January 11, 1878 when the Coal Cliff Land and Coal Mining Company loaded its first commercial shipment of coal onto the `Eagle' which took it to Sydney. The coal was initially shipped out by sea from a man-made jetty as there was no road access. A proper road was built in 1880 with the coal company's assistance. A shaft was eventually sunk further inland to join up with the workings from the jetty mine and new facilities were constructed around this pithead. The shaft mine was commissioned in 1910 and operations were progressively relocated to the new shaft with coal transported via the Government Railway.
Coalcliff Colliery operated for 114 years from 1878 until its closure in 1991. In 1980 it was the largest underground coal mine in Australia employing 988 men with an output in excess of 1.7 million tonnes per annum.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1913-1914
Coalcliff Cokeworks was constructed in 1913 and commissioned in 1914. 50 ovens of the non-recovery modified `beehive' type formed one battery. Each oven was designed with an arched roof – but rectangular in shape when looked at from above and with a door at each end to allow the discharge of coke through the oven. All the ovens were connected to a flue system which facilitated the coking process. The original 50 ovens each had a shared chimney on the top.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1915-1949
Coalcliff Cokeworks was directly linked by conveyor belt to a coal bunker at the adjacent Coalcliff Colliery which supplied the `slack and duff' (small coal) used in the cokemaking process. The hot coke was pushed out of the oven by a `ram' and was quenched with water by hand on the hearth in front of the ovens.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1950s
In 1954 both the Coalcliff Colliery and Cokeworks were acquired by Kembla Coal and Coke Pty Limited (KCC) - a subsidiary of The Broken Hill Associated Smelters Pty Limited (BHAS). BHAS was a jointly owned subsidiary of the Broken Hill mining companies Conzinc Riotinto of Australia Limited, North Broken Hill Limited and BH South Limited.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1960's
In the 1960s eight more ovens were added to the existing battery of 50 ovens.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1970s
In April 1971 half of the battery of 58 ovens was converted to common ducting - half of the chimneys were removed. In 1975 a new, award winning Quench tower was built (Prince Phillip award for achievement in industrial design). It was completed in November 1975 plus a new coke car and road, new quench settling pond, coke hopper and tunnel.
In 1973 the ABC's current affairs program 'Four Corners' told the story of protestors confronting a coal mining executive from the Coalcliff mine in an effort to halt the dumping of its waste near the town. The protesters lead the ABC journalist Gordon Bick to an area where dumping preparations have already begun.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1980s
In September 1980 a new coal grinding and screening plant was constructed.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 1990s
Coalcliff Colliery closed in 1991 and between 1992 and 1993 the Colliery buildings on the Cokeworks site were demolished.
In March 1996 the present owners, ICC Holdings Pty Limited – a private company – purchased Illawarra Coke Company Pty Limited (ICC) which operated both Coalcliff and Corrimal Cokeworks. It became the only independently owned producer of coke in Australia.
In 1998 the new owners of ICC constructed a new crusher and screening plant.
Coalcliff Cokeworks 2000-2013
During 2000 to 2010 there were a number of operational and environmental changes at the Coalcliff Cokeworks site.
The original ICC ovens Numbers 1 and 2 were demolished in mid-2000 and construction of two prototype Thyssen ovens commenced that October. The new ovens were constructed with Silica refractories in place of fireclay refractories and included several other different design features.
Major site works to construct water storage ponds and a water treatment plant commenced in 2003. On completion of the ponds in 2004 a revegetation project was started from the top to the bottom of the site. A large area was planted with native trees and shrubs to stabilise the steep slopes and to improve the amenity for nearby residents in the village of Coalcliff.
A new truck wash was built in 2003 further away from the main entrance to allow more time for water to drain out of vehicles before exiting the site onto public roads. The cleaning and covering of truck loads was also further improved in 2005 with a new truck gantry erected for drivers to be able to easily climb up and cover loads.
In 2007 the first of two new chargecars was delivered and lowered by a huge crane on to the battery roof. A second new car was delivered in 2008. This changeover to custom designed chargecars provided numerous environmental improvements and significantly reduced charging emissions, as well as providing considerably improved air conditioned working conditions for operators.
The refurbishment of Number 1 combustion stack was carried out mid-2008. It improved the operating performance of the ovens and provided additional environmental benefits.
A new method of quenching the hot coke as it is pushed out of the hot car was introduced during 2010 and a new type of coke feeder to move quenched coke onto the conveyor was installed.
A significant landmark in June 2010 was the delivery of the one millionth tonne of coke to a Japanese smelter. This was celebrated with the presentation of two original oil paintings to the customer; limited edition prints to companies who assisted in the deliveries and the minting of a commemorative medallion for employees in Australia and Japan.
The decade ended on a sad note when the ICC Chairman at that time, John Horseman, died in a car accident in November 2010.
Coalcliff Cokeworks continued at full production until its closure in mid-2013.
Noel Leeder, Coalcliff Coke Work's works manager in the 1950-60s, spoke to ABC AM's Brendan Trembath and ABC Illawarra's Nick Rheinberger about the closure of Illawarra Coke Works on 2 and 3 April 2014 after its Corrimal site shutdown.
The Arts.
Coalcliff Days
In 2011 the Wollongong City Gallery presented an exhibition named "Coalcliff Days". The exhibition showcased the significant contribution to both the Illawarra and Australian art scenes made by an artists and poets “colony” located at Coalcliff from 1979 - 1992. The Coalcliff site was established by Ken Bolton and Sal Brereton and was based in a miner’s cottage perched on the cliff overlooking the ocean. This local council sanctioned “squat” served as the site of a number of seminal “post-modern” poetry, film and art projects. Sal Brereton left in 1981 and Ken Bolton shortly afterwards. Alan Jefferies then ran the house until 1992 when the council reclaimed the land and bulldozed the house. Today there is no evidence of the Coalcliff spot having existed other than a vacant block of overgrown scrub.
Between 1979 and 1992 many artists, poets, musicians and film-makers were drawn to this Coalcliff house including:
Micky Allan, Ken Bolton, Sal Brereton, Kurt Brereton, Barbara Brooks, Pam Brown, Erica Callan, Laurie Duggan, Denis Gallagher, Alan Jefferies, Rae Desmond Jones, Steve Kelen, Kate Richards, Leigh Stokes and Tom Thompson.
A wide range of projects and publications were produced at Coalcliff including the influential new poetry magazine Magic Sam; as well as anthologies (No Regrets) locally screen-printed and produced poetry books including Sal Brereton’s "Ideal Conditions", Ken Bolton’s "Two Sestinas", "Notes for Poems", Denis Gallagher’s "Making Do" and Pam Brown’s "Small Blue View". Artist’s books included Kurt Brereton’s "Hang-Gliding", "We Are A Movie" and "Tyre-Pinch": "The Cyclist’s Nightmare"; Ken Bolton’s "An Italian Drink", and the collaborative "Xmas Corpses". A number of poetry readings were held in Wollongong; the film "The Coal Cliff" by Kurt Brereton & Kate Richards (1981) and other super 8 home movies by Pam Brown and Kurt Brereton were shot at the time.
South Coast from Coalcliff Mine to D.H.Lawrence
Colin Lanceley is a painter, sculptor and printmaker who arrived in Australia in 1940 from Dunedin, New Zealand. He lived and worked in London during the 1960s and 1970s, but returned to Australia in the 1980s. In 1987 Lanceley produced a work titled "South Coast from Coalcliff Mine to D.H.Lawrence". The work uses paint and found objects to express Lanceley's response to the dramatic qualities of the northern Illawarra coast. The work is recommended as a subject for the study of creative arts in NSW schools.
Dreamworld
Midnight Oil filmed part of the music video for "Dreamworld" (released in 1987) at Coalcliff beach.
Activities and Attractions.
Sea Cliff Bridge
The Sea Cliff Bridge surrounding the coal cliffs was opened on 11 December 2005 and offers a spectacular walkway and cycleway above the ocean and along the escarpment. There are splendid views offered towards Wollongong and Port Kembla in the south, and towards Bald Hill and the Royal National Park in the north.
The bridge is a popular backdrop for filming and has been featured in a joint 2007 Ferrari/Shell Fuel television advertisement that was shown in many countries around the world including Australia. The bridge has been featured in many car advertisements around the world, including in VE Holden Commodore commercials. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkqqFHzqHJQ] It is listed on the global locations gallery for filming locations, LocationsHub.
Coalcliff Beach
Coalcliff Beach fronts the valley, and is a 500 m long east-southeast facing coarse sand beach, with a mix of sand and rock seafloor off the beach, and the small Stony Creek draining across the southern end. Waves average 1–1.5 m maintaining three dominant rips, a strong rip against the southern rocks, a shifting central rip and one flowing north past the northern rocks. When the bars are separated from the beach the waves reform and surge heavily up the steep beach face.
Rockpool
Coalcliff's rockpool is situated south of the beach and offers a safe swimming area, including a children's pool. There is a fresh water shower on a platform west of the pool, and an additional shower and toilet facilities located nearby in Leeder Park.
Coalcliff Surf Life Saving Club (formed 1924)
Coalcliff hosts its own Surf Life Saving Club with events like Nippers in summertime and assuring beach safety. The Sea Eals' winter swimming club takes place in the rock pool and is co-organised with the Helensburgh-Stanwell Park Surf Life Saving Club such as the annual 2.4 km Ocean Challenge swim between the two clubs in early April.
Bombie Bar
Situated in the Coalcliff Surf Club, the Bombie Bar hosts live music concerts on alternate Sundays during summer and attracts well-known local, national and international performers.
Rock Fishing
A 400 m long rock platform extends south of Coalcliff beach, widening to 200 m. This is a very popular fishing area.
Coalcliff Timeline.
1833 Land grant known as 'Little Bullie' (later Stanwell Park) given to Matthew John Gibbons
1878 Coalcliff Coal Company created by John Robertson & Alexander Stuart
1878 Plan to build a road where the narrow bridge track existed around the cliff linking Bulli with Coalcliff and Stanwell Park
1879 Coalcliff landslip of 200 tons of earth and stones across the bridle track
1879 Post and Telegraph Office opened
1879 Men and machines landed at the jetty to work on the Coalcliff Road
1879 Miners Lodge formed at Coalcliff
1879 "S S Herga" and "S S Hilda" built in Glasgow and on their way to Australia
1880 Coalcliff has hotel licence but no policeman
1880 Construction of road is progressing
1880 Coalcliff Colliery company being formed
1881 Portion of Coalcliff Jetty carried away, to be replaced
1881 Mountainous seas again delay reconstruction of Coalcliff Jetty
1881 Landslips on road between Clifton and Judge Hargrave's residence
1882 Pure water supply required for Coalcliff. Water to be supplied by company from the back of the mountain
1882 Coalcliff miners strike settled. Stuart, manager, conceded 3 pence per ton above other mines
1883 Charles Harper relinquished managership of the colliery to Charles Stuart, nephew of the Member for the district
1884 Work commences on Coalcliff tunnel
1885 Death of J F Hargrave
1886 Death of Alexander Stuart
1886 Cliff road being fenced
1887 Third section of the Coalcliff tunnel opened
1888 New station at Coalcliff called North Clifton
1888 Trains commence on the railway line to Coalcliff
1909 Coalcliff Colliery purchased by Coalcliff Colliery Pty Ltd
1910 Miners return to work at Coalcliff Colliery after 4 day strike
1955 Shaft being sunk at Coalcliff to connect the tunnel of the original Clifton mine
1957 Coalcliff Community Hall opened on Saturday 16 November
1964 Official opening of Leeder Park at Coalcliff by Alderman A Squires. The park was built on reclaimed swamp
1970 Clutha Development Co plan to build a mile-long coal loader off Coalcliff. Campaign against the proposal succeeds
1991 After 113 years of operation, Coalcliff mine is closed down permanently
2003 Geotechnical investigations of Lawrence Hargrave Drive between Clifton and Coalcliff find the road to be unsafe. The road is closed pending tenders for a permanent solution.
2003 Construction of a new sewerage system for the local area commenced.
2004 RTA releases for public comment the preferred option for Lawrence Hargrave Drive.
2005 The new Seacliff Bridge is opened after major construction works totalling approximately $50 million.
2007 New northern suburbs sewerage system completed.

</doc>
<doc id="5956086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956086" title="Joma">
Joma

Joma is a Spanish sports clothing manufacturer, which currently produces footwear and clothing for football, futsal, basketball, volleyball, running, tennis, padel, fitness. Its headquarters are located in Portillo de Toledo in the Province of Toledo.
Joma was founded in 1965 to produce shoes for general use. In 1968 the company went to specialize in sport shoes production and distribution. After a relative success, Joma decided to enter into football market, obtaining a great success and becoming the leader in its country, consequently also with international success. Eventually Joma Sport had opened offices in USA, Europe and Asia being currently present in over 70 countries throughout the world. Joma Sport brand is in the top ten in the world-ranking. 

</doc>
<doc id="5956094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956094" title="KTAJ-TV">
KTAJ-TV

KTAJ-TV, virtual channel 16 (UHF digital channel 21), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas, United States that is licensed to St. Joseph, Missouri. The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. KTAJ-TV maintains studio facilities located on West 31st Street in St. Joseph, and its transmitter is located in Kansas City, Missouri. The station has been available on cable television providers in both the St. Joseph and Kansas City areas since its sign-on.
Overview.
The station first signed on the air in October 1986, and was built and signed on by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. KTAJ is the only full-powered TBN partner station in the state of Missouri, and was one of only two stations licensed to St. Joseph – alongside ABC affiliate KQTV (channel 2) – until the June 2012 sign-on of Fox affiliate KNPN-LD (channel 26) – although KTAJ and KQTV remain the only full-power stations licensed to the city (two other stations owned by KNPN parent News-Press & Gazette Company have signed on since that point – low-powered KNPG-LD, channel 30, and KBJO-LD, channel 21).
As KTAJ-TV's virtual digital channel is mapped as "16" (its former analog channel assignment) through PSIP, CW affiliate KBJO-LD instead maps its PSIP channel as virtual channel 21 to avoid co-channel mapping issues with KTAJ.
Digital television.
KTAJ-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 16, on that date. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 21. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 16.
Local programming.
Locally-produced programs that are taped in the station's St. Joseph studios include local versions of TBN's flagship program "Praise the Lord" and "Joy in Our Town", a public affairs program format that is produced by TBN partner stations on a local basis.
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5956111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956111" title="Bad Girl (La Toya Jackson song)">
Bad Girl (La Toya Jackson song)

"Bad Girl" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. It was the lead single and title track of her 1989 album "Bad Girl".
Release history.
In 1989 Jackson started working on her sixth album, which was by then tentatively titled "On My Own", with German producer Anthony Monn. The album was to be released by German label TELDEC and distributed through RCA records, like her previous studio album La Toya. "Bad Girl" was chosen as the lead single and it was released through TELDEC in mid-1989 in Germany, where it failed to chart. The single featured the b-side "Piano Man". The song's title is a play on her brother's successful 1987 song "Bad".
TELDEC and RCA records decided not to release the 9-track "On My Own" album, reportedly because of issues with Jackson's then-manager Jack Gordon, and the album was shelved. It was not until 1990 that Gordon sold the album to Sherman Records, who first released it in Italy as 12" vinyl album and later licensed it to countless small labels to release it. The album was retitled "Bad Girl", and included three new tracks: the b-side "Piano Man", "Sexual Feeling" and "You and Me", the latter two of which Jackson had recorded in 1990. The original issue of the "Bad Girl" album featured the same artwork as the "Bad Girl" single.
Live performances.
Teldec Records initiated a huge promotional campaign in June 1989 with Jackson presenting the song in four TV shows, including Günther Jauch's "Na Siehste!" (where she had previously performed her last single You Blew), followed by a performance on "ZDF Fernsehgarten" and the "NDR Talk-Show" (both shows being broadcast on the same day). She also performed the song for "Eurotops", a German television programme broadcast by the "NDR", which produced special effects-laden videoclips. When the clip eventually surfaced on the internet, many fans thought it to be an official low-budget video clip produced by her record company whereas it really was a performance for the show "Eurotops". The clip shows Jackson with two male dancers who also performed with her on the other TV shows, one of them being what would later become the lead singer for the Captain Hollywood Project. The background is a bluescreen that shows Jackson and the dancers dancing on a street. Jackson also appears on the studio driving a pink convertible Cadillac.
Formats and track listings.
7" Single
12" Single
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="5956121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956121" title="Tickson Music">
Tickson Music

Tickson Music was a Hollywood-based music publishing company; songwriters signed to Tickson Music included members of The Byrds, and writer Bill Martin.
Tickson Music owned Martin's song "All of Your Toys", which The Monkees chose as their first song to record with the whole band playing. The record unfortunately couldn't be released, as parent company Screen Gems had a rule that all Monkees songs had to be Screen Gems property, and Tickson Music wouldn't sell the copyright. (Martin signed a new publishing contract with Screen Gems.)
Another song published by Tickson Music was "You Showed Me", written by Byrds Roger McGuinn and Gene Clark and covered by The Turtles; former Monkees producer Chip Douglas introduced the Turtles to the song.

</doc>
<doc id="5956143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956143" title="Portal (video game)">
Portal (video game)

Portal is a 2007 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed by Valve Corporation. The game was released in a bundle package called "The Orange Box" for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 on October 9, 2007 and for the PlayStation 3 on December 11, 2007. The Windows version of the game is available for download separately through Valve's content delivery system Steam and was released as a standalone retail product on April 9, 2008. A standalone version called Portal: Still Alive was released on the Xbox Live Arcade service on October 22, 2008; this version includes an additional 14 puzzles. A Mac OS X version was released as part of the Mac-compatible Steam platform on May 12, 2010. An Android port for the Nvidia Shield was released on May 12, 2014.
The game primarily comprises a series of puzzles that must be solved by teleporting the player's character and simple objects using "the Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device", a device that can create inter-spatial portals between two flat planes. The player-character, Chell, is challenged by an artificial intelligence named GLaDOS (Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System) to complete each puzzle in the Aperture Science Enrichment Center using the portal gun with the promise of receiving cake when all the puzzles are completed. The game's unique physics allows momentum to be retained through portals, requiring creative use of portals to maneuver through the test chambers. This gameplay element is based on a similar concept from the game "Narbacular Drop"; many of the team members from the DigiPen Institute of Technology who worked on "Narbacular Drop" were hired by Valve for the creation of "Portal".
"Portal" was acclaimed as one of the most original games of 2007, despite being considered short in length. The game received praise for its unique gameplay and darkly humorous story. It received acclaim for the character of GLaDOS, voiced by Ellen McLain in the English-language version, and the end credits song "Still Alive" written by Jonathan Coulton for the game. Not counting sales through Steam, over four million copies of the game have been sold since its release. The game's popularity has led to official merchandise from Valve including plush Companion Cubes, as well as fan recreations of the cake and portal gun. A sequel, "Portal 2", was released in 2011, adding several new gameplay mechanics and a cooperative multiplayer mode.
Gameplay.
In "Portal", the player controls the protagonist, Chell, from a first-person perspective as she is challenged to navigate through a series of rooms using the Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device, or portal gun. The portal gun can create two distinct portal ends, orange and blue. The portals create a visual and physical connection between two different locations in three-dimensional space. Neither end is specifically an entrance or exit; all objects that travel through one portal will exit through the other. An important aspect of the game's physics is momentum redirection. As moving objects pass through portals, they come through the exit portal at the same direction as the exit portal is facing and with the same speed with which they passed through the entrance portal. For example, a common maneuver is to jump down to a portal on the floor and emerge through a wall, flying over a gap or another obstacle. This allows the player to launch objects or Chell herself over great distances, both vertically and horizontally, referred to as 'flinging' by Valve. As GLaDOS puts it, "In layman's terms: speedy thing goes in, speedy thing comes out." If portal ends are not on parallel planes, the character passing through is reoriented to be upright with respect to gravity after leaving a portal end.
Chell and all other objects in the game that can fit into the portal ends will pass through the portal. However, a portal shot cannot pass through an open portal; it will simply deactivate or create a new portal in an offset position. Creating a portal end instantly deactivates an existing portal end of the same color. Moving objects, glass, special wall surfaces, liquids, or areas that are too small will not be able to anchor portals. Chell is sometimes provided with cubes that she can pick up and use to climb on or to hold down large buttons that open doors or activate mechanisms. Particle fields known as emancipation grills, occasionally called "fizzlers" in the developer commentary, exist at the end of all and within some test chambers; when passed through, they will deactivate any active portals and disintegrate any object carried through. The fields also block attempts to fire portals through them.
Although Chell is equipped with mechanized heel springs to prevent damage from falling, she can be killed by various other hazards in the test chambers, such as turret guns, bouncing balls of energy, and toxic liquid. She can also be killed by objects falling through portals, and by a series of crushers that appear in certain levels. Unlike most action games at the time, there is no health indicator; Chell dies if she is dealt a certain amount of damage in a short time period, but returns to full health fairly quickly. Some obstacles, such as the energy balls and crushing pistons, deal fatal damage with a single blow.
GameSpot noted, in its initial review of "Portal", that many solutions exist for completing each puzzle, and that the gameplay "gets even crazier, and the diagrams shown in the trailer showed some incredibly crazy things that you can attempt." Two additional modes are unlocked upon the completion of the game that challenge the player to work out alternative methods of solving each test chamber. Challenge maps are unlocked near the halfway point and Advanced Chambers are unlocked when the game is completed. In Challenge mode, levels are revisited with the added goal of completing the test chamber either with as little time, with the least number of portals, or with the fewest footsteps possible. In Advanced mode, certain levels are made more complex with the addition of more obstacles and hazards.
The PC, Xbox 360 and Mac OS X versions of the game also feature a number of achievements the player can earn by completing tasks. Achievements range from normal gameplay requirements, such as acquiring the fully operational Aperture Science handheld portal device, to various tricks, such as using portals to jump a particular distance or falling 30,000 ft. As with other Source engine games since "Half-Life 2", "Portal" can be played with commentary enabled; special icons will appear in the game that the player can activate to hear how certain parts of the game were developed.
Synopsis.
Characters.
The game features two characters: the player-controlled silent protagonist named Chell, and GLaDOS (Genetic Lifeform and Disk Operating System), a computer artificial intelligence that monitors and directs the player. In the English-language version, GLaDOS is voiced by Ellen McLain, though her voice has been altered to sound more artificial. The only background information presented about Chell is given by GLaDOS; the credibility of these facts, such as Chell being adopted, an orphan, and having no friends, is questionable at best, as GLaDOS is a liar by her own admission. In the "Lab Rat" comic created by Valve to bridge the gap between "Portal" and "Portal 2", Chell's records reveal she was ultimately rejected as a test subject for having "too much tenacity"—the main reason Doug Rattman, a former employee of Aperture Science, moved Chell to the top of the test queue.
Setting.
"Portal" takes place in the Enrichment Center for Aperture Laboratories—also known as Aperture Science—which is the fictional research corporation responsible for the creation of the portal gun. According to information presented in "Portal 2", the location of the complex is in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Information about the company, developed by Valve for creating the setting of the game, is revealed during the game and via the real-world promotional website. According to the Aperture Science Web site, Cave Johnson founded the company in 1943 for the sole purpose of making shower curtains for the U.S. military. However, after becoming mentally unstable from mercury poisoning in 1978, Johnson created a three-tier research and development plan to make his organization successful. The first two tiers, the Counter-Heimlich Maneuver (a maneuver designed to ensure choking) and the Take-A-Wish Foundation (a program to give the wishes of dying children to unrelated, entirely healthy adults), were commercial failures and led to an investigation of the company by the U.S. Senate. However, when the investigative committee heard of the success of the third tier, a man-sized ad-hoc quantum tunnel through physical space with possible applications as a shower curtain, it recessed permanently and gave Aperture Science an open-ended contract to continue its research. The development of GLaDOS, an artificially intelligent research assistant and disk-operating system, began in 1986 in response to Black Mesa's work on similar portal technology. A presentation seen during gameplay reveals that GLaDOS was also included in a proposed bid for de-icing fuel lines, incorporated as a fully functional disk-operation system that is arguably alive, unlike Black Mesa's proposal, which inhibits ice, nothing more. Roughly thirteen years later, work on GLaDOS was completed and the untested AI was activated during the company's first ever bring-your-daughter-to-work day in May 2000. Immediately after activation, the facility was flooded with deadly neurotoxin by the AI. Events of the first "Half-Life" game occur shortly thereafter, presumably leaving the facility forgotten by the outside world due to apocalyptic happenings. Wolpaw, in describing the ending of "Portal 2", affirmed that the Combine invasion, chronologically taking place between "Half-Life" and "Half-Life 2", occurred during "Portal"s events.
The areas of the Enrichment Center that Chell explores suggest that it is part of a massive research installation. At the time of events depicted in "Portal", the facility seems to be long-deserted, although most of its equipment remains operational without human control. Aperture Science exists in the "Half-Life" universe, with the events of "Portal" occurring sometime between the story of "Half-Life" and "Half-Life 2". Aperture Science Inc. is also mentioned during "", in which Aperture's icebreaker ship "Borealis" is said to have disappeared under mysterious circumstances, along with the crew and part of its drydock. During its development, "Half-Life 2" featured a chapter set on the "Borealis", but this was abandoned and removed before release.
Plot.
"Portal"s plot is revealed to the player via audio messages from GLaDOS and visual elements in side rooms found in later levels. According to "The Final Hours of Portal 2", the year is established to be "somewhere in 2010"—twelve years after its abandonment. The game begins with protagonist Chell waking up from a stasis bed and hearing instructions and warnings from GLaDOS about the upcoming test experience. This part of the game involves distinct test chambers that, in sequence, introduce players to the game's mechanics. GLaDOS's announcements serve not only to instruct Chell and help her progress through the game, but also to create atmosphere and develop the AI as a character. Chell is promised cake and grief counseling as her reward if she manages to complete all the test chambers.
Chell proceeds through the empty Enrichment Center, interacting only with GLaDOS. Over the course of the game, GLaDOS's motives are hinted to be more sinister than her helpful demeanor suggests. Although she is designed to appear helpful and encouraging, GLaDOS's actions and speech suggest insincerity and callous disregard for the safety and well-being of the test subjects. The test chambers become increasingly dangerous as Chell proceeds, and GLaDOS even directs Chell through a live-fire course designed for military androids as a result of "mandatory scheduled maintenance" in the regular test chamber, as well as having test chambers flooded with deadly liquid. In another chamber, GLaDOS boasts about the fidelity and importance of the Weighted Companion Cube, a waist-high crate with a single large pink heart on each face, for helping Chell to complete the chamber. However, GLaDOS then declares that it "unfortunately must be euthanized" in an "emergency intelligence incinerator" before Chell can continue. Some of the later chambers include automated turrets with childlike voices (also voiced by McLain) that fire at Chell, only to sympathize with her after being disabled ("I don't blame you" and "No hard feelings").
After Chell completes the final test chamber, GLaDOS congratulates her and prepares her "victory candescence", maneuvering Chell into a pit of fire. As GLaDOS assures her that "all Aperture technologies remain safely operational up to 4,000 degrees kelvin", Chell escapes with the use of the portal gun and makes her way through the maintenance areas within the Enrichment Center. GLaDOS becomes panicked and insists that she was only pretending to kill Chell, as part of testing. GLaDOS then asks Chell to assume the "party escort submission position", lying face-first on the ground, so that a "party associate" can take her to her reward. Chell continues forward. Throughout this section, GLaDOS still sends messages to Chell and it becomes clear that she has become corrupt and may have killed everyone else in the center. Chell makes her way through the maintenance areas and empty office spaces behind the chambers, sometimes following graffiti messages which point in the right direction. These backstage areas, which are in an extremely dilapidated state, stand in stark contrast to the pristine test chambers. The graffiti includes statements such as "the cake is a lie" and pastiches of Emily Dickinson's poem "The Chariot", Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's "The Reaper and the Flowers", and Emily Brontë's "No Coward Soul Is Mine", mourning the death of the Companion Cube.
GLaDOS attempts to dissuade Chell with threats of physical harm and misleading statements claiming that she is going the wrong way as Chell makes her way deeper into the maintenance areas. Eventually, Chell reaches a large chamber where GLaDOS's hardware hangs overhead. GLaDOS continues to plead with and threaten Chell, but during the exchange one of GLaDOS' personality core spheres falls off; Chell drops it in an incinerator. GLaDOS reveals that Chell has just destroyed the morality core, which the Aperture Science employees allegedly installed after GLaDOS flooded the enrichment center with a deadly neurotoxin, and goes on to state that now there is nothing to prevent her from doing so once again. A six-minute countdown starts as Chell dislodges and incinerates more pieces of GLaDOS, while GLaDOS attempts to discourage her both verbally, with a series of taunts and increasingly juvenile insults, and physically by firing rockets at her. After she has destroyed the final piece, a portal malfunction tears the room apart and transports everything to the surface. Chell is then seen lying outside the facility's gates amid the remains of GLaDOS. One of the final scenes is changed through a patch of the PC version and "The Orange Box" for Xbox that was made available a few days before "Portal 2"s announcement; in this retroactive continuity, Chell is dragged away from the scene by an unseen entity speaking in a robotic voice, thanking her for assuming the party escort submission position.
The final scene, after a long and speedy zoom through the bowels of the facility, shows a Black Forest cake, and the Weighted Companion Cube, surrounded by a mix of shelves containing dozens of apparently inactive personality cores. One by one a number of the cores begin to light up, before a robotic arm descends and extinguishes the candle on the cake, plunging the room into darkness. As the credits roll, GLaDOS delivers a concluding report: the song "Still Alive", which declares the experiment to be a huge success, as well as serving to indicate to the player that GLaDOS is still alive.
Development.
Concept.
"Portal" is Valve's spiritual successor to the freeware game "Narbacular Drop", the 2005 independent game released by students of the DigiPen Institute of Technology; the original "Narbacular Drop" team is now employed at Valve. Valve became interested in "Narbacular Drop" after seeing the game at DigiPen's annual career fair; Robin Walker, one of Valve's developers, saw the game at the fair and later contacted the team providing them with advice and offering to show their game at Valve's offices. After their presentation, Valve's president Gabe Newell quickly offered the entire team jobs at Valve to develop the game further. Newell later commented that he was impressed with the DigiPen team as "they had actually carried the concept through", already having included the interaction between portals and physics, completing most of the work that Valve would have had to commit on their own. Certain elements have been retained from "Narbacular Drop", such as the system of identifying the two unique portal endpoints with the colors orange and blue. A key difference in the signature portal mechanic between the two games however is that "Portal"s portal gun cannot create a portal through an existing portal unlike in "Narbacular Drop". The game's original setting, of a princess trying to escape a dungeon, was dropped in favor of the Aperture Science approach. "Portal" took approximately two years and four months to complete after the DigiPen team was brought into Valve, and no more than ten people were involved with its development. "Portal" writer Erik Wolpaw, who, along with fellow writer Chet Faliszek, was hired by Valve for the game, claimed that "Without the constraints, "Portal" would not be as good a game".
The "Portal" team worked with "Half-Life" series writer Marc Laidlaw on fitting the game into the series' plot. This was done, in part, due to the limited art capabilities of the small team; instead of creating new assets for "Portal", they decided to tie the game to an existing franchise—"Half-Life"—to allow them to reuse the "Half-Life 2" art assets. Wolpaw and Faliszek were put to work on the dialogue for "Portal". The concept of a computer AI guiding the player through experimental facilities to test the portal gun was arrived at early in the writing process. They drafted early lines for the yet-named "polite" AI with humorous situations, such as requesting the player's character to "assume the party escort submission position", and found this style of approach to be well-suited to the game they wanted to create, ultimately leading to the creation of the GLaDOS character. GLaDOS was central to the plot, as Wolpaw notes "We designed the game to have a very clear beginning, middle, and end, and we wanted GLaDOS to go through a personality shift at each of these points." Wolpaw further describes the idea of using cake as the reward came about as "at the beginning of the "Portal" development process, we sat down as a group to decide what philosopher or school of philosophy our game would be based on. That was followed by about 15 minutes of silence and then someone mentioned that a lot of people like cake." The cake element along with additional messages given to the player in the behind-the-scenes areas were written and drawn by Kim Swift.
Design.
The austere settings in the game came about because testers spent too much time trying to complete the puzzles using decorative but non-functional elements. As a result, the setting was minimized to make the usable aspects of the puzzle easier to spot, using the clinical feel of the setting in the film "The Island" as reference. While there were plans for a third area, an office space, to be included after the test chambers and the maintenance areas, the team ran out of time to include it. They also dropped the introduction of the Rat Man, a character who left the messages in the maintenance areas, to avoid creating too much narrative for the game, though the character was developed further in a tie-in comic "Lab Rat", that ties "Portal" and "Portal 2"s story together. According to project lead Kim Swift, the final battle with GLaDOS went through many iterations, including having the player chased by James Bond lasers, which was partially applied to the turrets, Portal Kombat where the player would have needed to redirect rockets while avoiding turret fire, and a chase sequence following a fleeing GLaDOS. Eventually, they found that playtesters enjoyed a rather simple puzzle with a countdown timer near the end; Swift noted, "Time pressure makes people think something is a lot more complicated than it really is", and Wolpaw admitted, "It was really cheap to make neurotoxin gas" in order to simplify the dialogue during the battle.
Chell's face and body are modeled after Alésia Glidewell, an American freelance actress and voice-over artist, selected by Valve from a local modeling agency for her face and body structure. Ellen McLain provided the voice of the antagonist GLaDOS. Erik Wolpaw noted, "When we were still fishing around for the turret voice, Ellen did a sultry version. It didn't work for the turrets, but we liked it a lot, and so a slightly modified version of that became the model for GLaDOS's final incarnation." Mike Patton performed the growling and snarling voice of GLaDOS's final personality core, named the Anger Sphere.
The Weighted Companion Cube inspiration was from project lead Kim Swift with additional input from Wolpaw from reading some "declassified government interrogation thing" whereby "isolation leads subjects to begin to attach to inanimate objects"; Swift commented, "We had a long level called Box Marathon; we wanted players to bring this box with them from the beginning to the end. But people would forget about the box, so we added dialogue, applied the heart to the cube, and continued to up the ante until people became attached to the box. Later on, we added the incineration idea. The artistic expression grew from the gameplay." Wolpaw further noted that the need to incinerate the Weighted Companion Cube came as a result of the final boss battle design; they recognized they had not introduced the idea of incineration necessary to complete the boss battle, and by training the player to do it with the Weighted Companion Cube, found the narrative "way stronger" with its "death". Swift noted that any similarities to psychological situations in the Milgram experiment or "" are happenstance.
The portal gun's full name, Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device, can be abbreviated as ASHPD, which resembles a shortening of the name Adrian Shephard, the protagonist of "". This similarity was noticed by fans before the game's release; as a result, the team placed a red herring in the game by having the letters of Adrian Shephard highlighted on keyboards found within the game. According to Kim Swift, the cake is a Black Forest cake that she thought looked the best at the nearby Regent Bakery and Café in Redmond, Washington, and, as an Easter egg within the game, its recipe is scattered among various screens showing lines of binary code. The Regent Bakery has stated that since the release of the game, its Black Forest cake has been one of its more popular items.
Soundtrack.
Most of the game's soundtrack is non-lyrical ambient music composed by Kelly Bailey and Mike Morasky, somewhat dark and mysterious to match the mood of the environments. The closing credits song, "Still Alive", was written by Jonathan Coulton and sung by Ellen McLain (a classically trained operatic soprano) as the GLaDOS character. A brief instrumental version of Still Alive is played in an uptempo Latin style over radios in-game. Wolpaw notes that Coulton was invited to Valve a year before the release of "Portal", though it was not yet clear where Coulton would contribute. "Once Kim and I met with him, it quickly became apparent that he had the perfect sensibility to write a song for GLaDOS." The use of the song over the closing credits was based on a similar concept from the game "God Hand", one of Wolpaw's favorite titles. The song was released as a free downloadable song for the music video game "Rock Band" on April 1, 2008. The soundtrack for "Portal" was released as a part of "The Orange Box Original Soundtrack" and includes both GLaDOS's in-game rendition and Coulton's vocal mix of "Still Alive".
"Portal"s soundtrack was released as part of a four-disc retail release, "Portal 2: Songs To Test By (Collector's Edition)", on October 30, 2012, featuring music from both games.
Merchandise.
The popularity of the game and of its characters has led Valve to develop merchandise for "Portal" made available through its online Steam store. Some of the more popular items were the Weighted Companion Cube plush toys and fuzzy dice. When first released, both were sold out in under 24 hours. Other products available through the Valve store include t-shirts and Aperture Science coffee mugs and parking stickers, and merchandise relating to the phrase "the cake is a lie", which has become an internet meme. Wolpaw noted they did not expect certain elements of the game to be as popular as they were, while other elements they had expected to become fads were ignored, such as a giant hoop that rolls on-screen during the final scene of the game that the team had named Hoopy.
Distribution.
Demo.
In January 2008, Valve released a special demo version titled Portal: The First Slice, free for any Steam user using Nvidia graphics hardware as part of a collaboration between the two companies. It also comes packaged with ', "Peggle Extreme", and '. The demo includes test chambers 00 to 10 (eleven in total). Valve has since made the demo available to all Steam users.
"Portal".
"Portal" was first released as part of "The Orange Box" for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 on October 9, 2007, and for the PlayStation 3 on December 11, 2007. The Windows version of the game is also available for download separately through Valve's content delivery system Steam and was released as a standalone retail product on April 9, 2008. In addition to "Portal", the "Box" also included "Half-Life 2" and its two add-on episodes, as well as "Team Fortress 2". "Portal"s inclusion within the "Box" was considered an experiment by Valve; having no idea of the success of "Portal", the "Box" provided it a "safety net" via means of these other games. "Portal" was kept to a modest length in case the game did not go over well with players. Since then, a standalone version of the game was released for Microsoft Windows users.
"Portal" was the first Valve-developed game to be added to the Mac OS X-compatible list of games available on the launch of the Steam client for Mac on May 12, 2010, supporting Steam Play, in which players that had bought the game either on a Macintosh or Windows computer could also play it on the alternate system. As part of the promotion, "Portal" was offered as a free title for any Steam user during the two weeks following the Mac client's launch. Within the first week of this offer, over 1.5 million copies of the game were downloaded through Steam. A similar promotion was held in September 2011, near the start of a traditional school year, encouraging the use of the game as an educational tool for science and mathematics. Valve wrote that they felt that "Portal" "makes physics, math, logic, spatial reasoning, probability, and problem-solving interesting, cool, and fun", a necessary feature to draw children into learning. This was tied to Digital Promise, a United States Department of Education initiative to help develop new digital tools for education, and which Valve is part of.
During 2014 GPU Technology Conference on March 25, 2014, Nvidia announced that they are porting "Portal" to their Android handheld, the Nvidia Shield. The version was released on May 12, 2014.
"Portal: Still Alive".
"Portal: Still Alive" was announced as an exclusive Xbox Live Arcade game at the 2008 E3 convention, and was released on October 22, 2008. It features the original game, 14 new challenges, and new achievements. The additional content was based on levels from the map pack "Portal: The Flash Version" created by We Create Stuff and contains no additional story-related levels. According to Valve spokesman Doug Lombardi, Microsoft had previously rejected "Portal" on the platform due to its large size. "Portal: Still Alive" was well received by reviewers. 1UP.com's Andrew Hayward stated that, with the easier access and lower cost than paying for "The Orange Box", "Portal" is now "stronger than ever". IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it fifth on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games. He stated that it was debatable whether an owner of "The Orange Box" should purchase this, as its added levels do not add to the plot. However, he praised the quality of the new maps included in the game. The game ranked 7th in a later list of top Xbox Box Live titles compiled by IGN's staff in September 2010.
Mods.
A modding community has developed around "Portal", with users creating their own test chambers and other in-game modifications. The group "We Create Stuff" created an Adobe Flash version of "Portal", titled "Portal: The Flash Version", just prior to release of "The Orange Box". This flash version was well received by the community and the group have since converted it to a map pack for the published game. Another mod, "Portal: Prelude", is an unofficial prequel developed by an independent team of three that focuses on the pre-GLaDOS era of Aperture Science, and contains nineteen additional "crafty and challenging" test chambers. An ASCII version of "Portal" was created by Joe Larson. An unofficial port of "Portal" to the iPhone using the Unity game engine was created but only consisted of a single room from the game. "Mari0" is a fan-made four-player coop mashup of "Portal" and the original "Super Mario Bros.".
Sequel.
Swift stated that future "Portal" developments would depend on the community's reactions, saying, "We're still playing it by ear at this point, figuring out if we want to do multiplayer next, or "Portal 2", or release map packs." Some rumors regarding a sequel arose due to casting calls for voice actors. On March 10, 2010, "Portal 2" was officially announced for a release late in that year; the announcement was preceded by an alternate reality game based on unexpected patches made to "Portal" that contained cryptic messages in relation to "Portal 2"s announcement, including an update to the game, creating a different ending for the fate of Chell. The original game left her in a deserted car park after destroying GLaDOS, but the update involved Chell being dragged back into the facility by a "Party Escort Bot". Though "Portal 2" was announced for a Q4 2010 release, the game was eventually released on April 19, 2011.
Critical reception.
"Portal" was very well received by critics, often earning more praise than either "" or "Team Fortress 2" also included in "The Orange Box". It was praised for its unique gameplay and dark, deadpan humor. Eurogamer cited that "the way the game progresses from being a simple set of perfunctory tasks to a full-on part of the "Half-Life" story is absolute genius", while GameSpy noted that "What "Portal" lacks in length, it more than makes up for in exhilaration." The game was criticized for sparse environments, and both criticized and praised for its short length. Aggregate reviews for the stand-alone PC version of "Portal" gave the game an average rating of 89% based on 27 reviews through Game Rankings, and 90% through 28 reviews on Metacritic. Upon release of "Portal 2", Valve stated that "Portal" has sold more than four million copies through the retail versions, including the standalone game and "The Orange Box", and from the Xbox Live Arcade version. This figure does not include sales figures for Valve's own Steam digital download service.
The game generated a fan following for the Weighted Companion Cube—even though the cube itself does not talk or act in the game. Fans have created plush and papercraft versions of the cube and the various turrets, as well as PC case mods and models of the Portal cake and portal gun. Jeep Barnett, a programmer for "Portal", noted that players have told Valve that they had found it more emotional to incinerate the Weighted Companion Cube than to harm one of the "Little Sisters" from "BioShock". Both GLaDOS and the Weighted Companion Cube were nominated for the Best New Character Award on G4, with GLaDOS winning the award for "having lines that will be quoted by gamers for years to come."
Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw of Zero Punctuation gave the game the only entirely positive review in the show's history, calling it "the most fun you'll have with your PC until they invent a force-feedback codpiece". Croshaw went on to say: "I went in expecting a slew of interesting portal-based puzzles and that's exactly what I got, but what I wasn't expecting was some of the funniest pitch black humor I've ever heard in a game". He states that, while the game was short, the two- to three-hour length of the game was perfect as the game did not outstay its welcome, and called the ending "balls-tighteningly fantastic", while praising the game as "absolutely sublime from start to finish".
"Portal"s story has been stated to be well-established in the context of Erving Goffman's dissemination on dramaturgy, "The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life", which equates one's persona to the front and back stage areas of a theater. In the case of "Portal", the story carefully establishes the front stage, the pretense of the Enrichment Center, and hints at problems in the back stage through various technical faults, and then slowly reveals more and more of the back stage to the player throughout the game. Due to this, the video game was made part of the required course material among other classical and contemporary works, including Goffman's work, for a freshman course "devoted to engaging students with fundamental questions of humanity from multiple perspectives and fostering a sense of community" for Wabash College in 2010. "Portal" has also been cited as a strong example of instructional scaffolding that can be adapted for more academic learning situations, as the player, through careful design of levels by Valve, is first hand-held in solving simple puzzles with many hints at the correct solution, but this support is slowly removed as the player progresses in the game, and completely removed when the player reaches the second half of the game. Rock, Paper, Shotgun's Hamish Todd considered "Portal" as an exemplary means of game design by demonstrating a series of chambers after the player has obtained the portal gun that gently introduce the concept of flinging without any explicit instructions. "Portal" was exhibited at the Smithsonian Art Exhibition in America from February 14 through September 30, 2012. "Portal" won the "Action" section for the platform "Modern Windows."
Awards.
"Portal" has won several awards:

</doc>
<doc id="5956160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956160" title="Dennis Orcollo">
Dennis Orcollo

Dennis Orcollo (born January 28, 1979), sometimes called Dennis Orcullo, is a Filipino professional pool player, nicknamed ""Surigao"" (after a province in the Philippines) and "RoboCop". He has been called "the Philippines' Money-game King".
Like a number of upcoming players from the Philippines, Orcollo was first seen on television in his contention at the Rising Stars Tournament in 2000. At the 2002 WPA World Nine-ball Championship, he unexpectedly beat champion Ralf Souquet 9-8 in the last 64, but eventually lost 6-9 to Efren Reyes in the last 32.
In 2006, Orcollo began his campaign in the U.S.. There, he won a number of tournaments, including the Reno Open, the Hard Times Nine-ball Tournament and two events. Because his compatriots had entered a less prestigious event in Asia, Orcollo was the only player from the Philippines to compete in the World Straight Pool Championship, which was ultimately dominated by Thorsten Hohmann. Although he neither won nor received any prize money, Orcollo made a respectable high of 91. The following year, he made a better straight pool run of 93 at an exhibition in the USA. Also in 2006, Orcollo won the last edition of the World Pool League tournament against Niels Feijen.
In 2007, he was runner-up to his fellow countryman Ronato Alcano at the WPA World Eight-ball Championship. Also in this year, he won the BCA Open Nine-ball Championship, a tournament where three fellow Filipinos were defeated in the final in past editions of that event. He competed for the second time at the World Straight Pool Championship. Unlike the previous event, where he was the only Philippine player in contention, Warren Kiamco joined him. He had a much better performance in the tournament and achieved a high run of 117 (the fourth highest in the tournament). However, he was defeated by Oliver Ortmann, the eventual winner of the event, in the quarter-finals by a lopsided 200-7 score, the largest margin in the history of the tournament.
In 2011, Dennis Orcollo won the WPA World Eight-ball title, besting Niels Feijen in the championship match.

</doc>
<doc id="5956192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956192" title="List of mammals of Texas">
List of mammals of Texas

This is a list of Texas mammals, those mammals native to or immediately off the coast of the state of Texas in the United States.
Having a mild climate and a range of biomes, from plains and grassland in the north, forests and swamps in the east, mountains in the far west, desert in the west and south, and an extensive coastline, makes Texas home to a wide variety of mammal species. Its central location in the United States makes it a convergence point for the ranges of many species found in the east and west, as well, with its proximity to Mexico, Texas serves as a northern range for several Central American species. While there are also many species endemic to Texas itself.
Texas recognizes three species as their official mammal, including the Nine-banded Armadillo, the Texas Longhorn, and the Mexican Free-tailed Bat. State law protects numerous species. Those considered threatened species are denoted by (T) and those considered endangered species denoted by (E). Some species are believed to be extirpated from the state, denoted with (X). Several species have been introduced to Texas, and established permanent populations, denoted with (I).

</doc>
<doc id="5956193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956193" title="Under the Iron Sea DVD">
Under the Iron Sea DVD

Under the Iron Sea is English rock band Keane's third DVD release. It includes the British version of the album and a book-shaped box. It was released the same day as the album, on 12 June 2006 and earlier in some countries (see main article for details). It also contains 12 pages of song lyrics along with graphics by Sanna Annukka.
DVD.
Under the Iron Sea is Keane's second album and the follow-up to "Hopes and Fears". However, a DVD version was released too, following-up the "Hopes and Fears DVD" version. This DVD includes the two first videos by the band, "Atlantic" and "Is It Any Wonder?". It also includes demo versions for most songs from the album (listed below) sung by Tim Rice-Oxley.
Track listing.
CD CIDX8167
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="5956200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956200" title="Communications Research Centre Canada">
Communications Research Centre Canada

The Communications Research Centre Canada (CRC) is a Canadian government scientific laboratory for research and development in wireless technologies, with a particular focus on the efficient use of radio frequency spectrum. Its mission is as follows:
History.
Officially established in 1969, CRC's roots can be traced back to the late 1940s and the Canadian Defence Research Board (DRB). The Defence Research Telecommunications Establishment (DRTE) existed from 1951-1969 within the DRB. In 1969, the federal government established a Department of Communications. The DRTE in its entirety was transferred to the new department's research branch, and renamed the Communications Research Centre. The CRC came under Industry Canada's wing in 1994. Throughout its history, the CRC has made significant contributions to the information and communications technology sector in Canada and abroad.
Achievements.
The CRC contributed to many "firsts" in Canadian communications, a number of which involved satellite communications. In 1962 the then-DRTE launched Alouette 1, Canada's first satellite. This led to the development of Canada's own communications satellite program. In 1976 the HERMES satellite was launched. It was the first high-powered satellite and the first to operate at the higher frequency Ku-band. In 1978, CRC offered the world's first direct-to-home satellite television broadcast via Hermes - a Stanley Cup hockey game. Later that year, the CRC gave a public demonstration of Telidon, the Canadian videotex/teletext system that contributed to the development of international standards for the Web. In 1983, CRC set up the first permanent Canadian governmental connection to the Internet, via an ARPANET connection (the first full international connection to the USENET portion of the then-Internet being the set up in 1981 by Henry Spencer at the University of Toronto). In the 1980s, the CRC funded and led the development of SHARP, which in 1987 became the world's first microwave-powered aircraft to fly. The CRC is responsible for many other firsts that have impacted Canadian telecommunications: in wireless systems; radio fundamentals, e.g., Software Defined Radio; communication networks; photonics and interactive multimedia.
Recognition of the CRC's contributions include the 1993 designation of the Alouette-ISIS Program as one of the 10 most outstanding achievements in the first 100 years of engineering in Canada. In 2007, the Alouette 1 Satellite Program was designated a National Historic Event. In 1995, the Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute awarded CRC's SARSAT team, headed by Dr. A. Winter, Mr. H. Werstiuk and Dr. B. Blevis, the first ever Alouette Award for contributions in advancing search and rescue technology. The CRC has won three Emmy Awards: one in 1987 for its role in developing the Ku-band technology of the HERMES satellite; another awarded in 2009 for its contribution to standardizing the ATSC Digital Television System; and a third presented in 2012 for its role in standardizing loudness metering for use in broadcast audio. CRC’s research and development in telecommunications also earned it the 2007 Special Recognition Award from Canada’s Telecommunication Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5956221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956221" title="Massacre of Dunlavin Green">
Massacre of Dunlavin Green

The Massacre of Dunlavin Green refers to the summary execution of 36 suspected rebel prisoners by the British military shortly after the outbreak of the rebellion of 1798. There are several accounts of the events, recorded at differing times and differing in detail.
Background.
For several months prior to May 1798, County Wicklow and many other areas of the country had been subject to martial law which had been imposed in an effort to crush the long threatened rebellion of the United Irishmen. The campaign was also extended against the military itself as some corps of yeomen and militia, especially those with Catholic members, were suspected as United Irish infiltrators who had joined to get training and arms. Several days before the outbreak of the rebellion, the yeomanry and militia at Dunlavin were called out on parade and informed by their commanding officer that it had been brought to his attention that there were sworn United Irishmen among them. Urging those who had sworn to confess, some twenty-eight did so in hopes of receiving clemency but were immediately arrested and imprisoned with several subjected to flogging in an effort to extract information about the rebels plans and organisation. 
One loyalist account of events leading up to the execution is the only to give a different sequence of events. According to this, Captain Ryves, a military commander at Dunlavin received word that a large number of rebels were to attack Dunlavin and he observed that many Protestant houses had been set on fire in the surrounding countryside. In the circumstances, he expected that the rebels' intention was a pogrom of Protestants and Loyalists in the town and district. A foray by the troops into the countryside failed and the garrison's officers were aware that they were outnumbered by the prisoners held in the Market House. The account is largely dismissed and is the only loyalist account of the event. The Ryves account was only published in one book. 
Massacre.
News of the outbreak of the rebellion had reached the garrison at Dunlavin, and particularly of an attack on Ballymore-Eustace where soldiers from the same regiment as the garrison were stationed. After hearing of losses among their comrades, the twenty-eight imprisoned soldiers and eight civilians accused of rebel sympathies were marched to the town green where they were lined up and executed in batches of five. The motive appears to have been simple revenge rather than fear of the prisoners and the raging rebellion but the public exhibition may also have been designed to intimidate and discourage rebels in the immediate area from taking to the field. However, news of the massacre, and of another at Carnew, spread rapidly and played a part in rapid mobilisation of the rebels in north county Wexford over the next few days.
An account of the execution by Reverend John F Sherman, recorded in 1866, which might reflect its author's allegiances, gives more detail. According to Sherman, Captain Saunders, of Stratford-on-Slaney, paraded his troops and called out those men whom he claimed were United Irishmen. Some stepped forward, but others, alerted that Saunders was in fact bluffing, denied their allegiance. Those that had stepped forward were imprisoned in the Market House at Dunlavin, to await a decision on their fates.
The following day, Captain William Ryves of Rathsallagh had his horse shot from under him while on patrol. Although he returned home safely it was decided that Saunders' imprisoned troops and others from Narraghmore, a total of 36 men, should be put to death. On 26 May, market day, the 36 were taken to the green, lined up and shot in front of the townspeople, including, in some cases, their own families. The firing squad returned to the Market House where others were flogged or hanged.
Before the bodies of the shot men were removed, soldiers' wives looted them of valuables, one wounded man protested but he was finished off by a soldier. The bodies were either removed for burial by their families or interred in a common grave ("large pit") at Tournant cemetery. One man survived, despite grievous wounds, and lived to "an advanced age". Two more men, either hanging or about to be, were saved by the intervention of a "respectable Protestant" and escaped.
Commemoration.
The story of the massacre at Dunlavin green was quickly commemorated in the famous ballad " Dunlavin Green", which tells the story from the view of a sympathetic local eyewitness, and is one of the best known songs of the era.
In 1998, a commemorative stone was installed in St Nicholas of Myra Catholic church, adjacent to the green.

</doc>
<doc id="5956231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956231" title="Carolina Tohá">
Carolina Tohá

Carolina Montserrat Tohá Morales (born 12 May 1965) is a Chilean politician from the Party for Democracy (PPD) mayor of Santiago. She is the daughter of Socialist politician, Vice President, and minister of Salvador Allende José Tohá.
Tohá made her debut in politics in 1984 as a leader of the University of Chile student federation (Fech). During the presidency of Ricardo Lagos she was Deputy Minister Secretary General of Government. In 1999 she was vice-president of the PPD. In 2001 she was elected to the Chamber of Deputies —Chile's lower chamber of Congress—, representing the Santiago district, and was reelected in 2005. On 12 March 2009 she replaced Francisco Vidal in the Ministry General Secretariat of Government, becoming the first woman to hold that post in the country's history. Her congress seat became vacant, as both positions are incompatible with each other in times of peace; she was replaced by Felipe Harboe. On 14 December 2009 she quit her government post to lead Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle's presidential runoff campaign. In 2010 she was elected president of the PPD. On 28 October 2012 she was elected mayor of Santiago by an absolute majority, ending the right's 12-year rule over a key municipality.
Tohá has a law degree from the University of Chile and a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Milan. She is married (though currently estranged) to physician and Socialist deputy Fulvio Rossi and has two children from an earlier partner.

</doc>
<doc id="5956234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956234" title="Jun Sena">
Jun Sena

, is a Japanese actress and former top star of the Takarazuka Revue's Moon Troupe, a Japanese theatre organization in which women portray all parts. She was born April 1, 1974 and grew up in Suginami, Tokyo. During her time in the Revue, she was an "otokoyaku", an actress who specializes in male roles. After two years of intensive training at the Takarazuka Music School, she joined the revue in 1992 and reached top star status in 2005. Her nicknames are Asa and Asako. The first "otokoyaku" from her class of 1992 to reach top star status, she resigned her position as top star and retired in December 2009 after the run of "Last Play / Heat on Beat" and is now pursuing an acting career outside of the Revue.
Troupe History.
Sena entered the Takarazuka Music School in 1990 and graduated in 1992. Upon graduation, she was placed in the Revue's Flower Troupe. During her time in Flower Troupe, she had one "shinjinkouen" (performance for junior troupe members) lead, and also had the lead role in two performances at Takarazuka Bow Hall. In 2002, she had her first lead role as a female character when she performed as Scarlett O'Hara opposite Yu Todoroki's Rhett Butler in an adaptation of "Gone with the Wind".
As part of the Revue's 90th anniversary celebration in 2004, Sena made a special appearance in a Moon Troupe performance. She was also selected to portray the title role in the 2005 Moon Troupe production of "Elisabeth". Although Sena was never officially transferred into Moon Troupe for these two performances and appeared only as a special guest, she was named the next top star of the troupe in 2005. From that point on until her retirement from the Revue in 2009, Sena would remain a member of Moon Troupe.
Biography.
As a three-year-old, Sena was in a car accident during which she tore her Achilles tendon. Her doctor suggested certain exercises were necessary for her recovery, so her mother enrolled her in ballet lessons.
Her stage name, Jun Sena, is a combination of ideas from her parents: "Sena" comes from "Ayrton Senna", her father's favourite Formula One racing driver. "Jun" comes from Jun Ariake, a former vice troupe leader of Takarazuka's Moon Troupe, with whom her mother went to high school.
After attending Takarazuka Music School, she was one of the promising young stars promoted by the company in 1999, with Sumire Haruno, the former top star of Flower Troupe, and Hikaru Asami the former top star of Snow Troupe. Before she was promoted to top star status, she was considered as one of top-stars-in-waiting, with such other former Cosmos Troupe top stars Kei Takashiro and Yūga Yamato, former top star of Star Troupe Kei Aran, and former top star of Snow Troupe Natsuki Mizu.
In 2001, she had her first leading role in the Bow Hall production "Manon". Her co-star in that production, Kanami Ayano, later became her top star partner. With the resignation of Mire Aika and Hibiki Takumi as top stars, Sena became a prominent figure in Flower Troupe. When Sumire Haruno became the top star of the troupe in 2003, Sena became the second man for Haruno.
Sena received much acclaim for two roles in 2003: Luigi Lucheni, from Flower Troupe's production of "Elisabeth" and Sydney Carton from "A Tale of Two Cities".
In 2004, Sena and classmate Kei Takashiro, who was then a member of Snow Troupe, were invited into the cast of Moon Troupe's production of "The Glow of Sunset in Asuka". The pair, with classmate Yūhi Ōzora, had prominent roles in the show. From that time on, Sena was unofficially transferred to Moon Troupe, though officially she was still a member of Flower Troupe. She is the third top star for Moon Troupe that is originally from Flower Troupe and one of two stars that portrayed a female role before becoming an "otokoyaku" top star.
With the resignation of Nao Ayaki in 2005, Sena became the top star of Moon Troupe with Kanami Ayano as her partner. Their debut performance was "Ernest in Love", and their début at the Grand Theater was in "Jazzy Fairies".
Versatility.
Sena is famous for her portrayal of a series of such strong male characters as Luigi Lucheni, Sydney Carton and Jack Worthing. However, she also received praise for her female roles, such as Scarlett O'Hara in the Flower Troupe production of "Gone with the Wind" in 2002 and Elisabeth of Bavaria in the Moon Troupe production of "Elisabeth" in 2005.
Although an "otokoyaku" usually has a deep voice, her voice is versatile enough to allow her to sing in both the male and the female ranges without any difficulties.
Notable Performances and Roles.
After Takarazuka.
2012: "Elisabeth" - Elisabeth (2012 Toho production) 
<BR>
2012: "M. Kunze ＆ S. Levay 's World～2nd Season～"
<BR>
2012: Beautiful Sunday
<BR>
2011: I've Never Been to New York
<BR>
2011: The Three Musketeers, "Milady de Winter"
<br>
2011: ALiveII 
<BR>
2011: Anna Karenina, "Anna"
<br> 
2010: "Elisabeth" - Elisabeth (2010 Toho production)
<br>
2010: ALive

</doc>
<doc id="5956258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956258" title="Sexual Feeling">
Sexual Feeling

"Sexual Feeling" is a 1990 single by American singer La Toya Jackson.
Song information.
The song was recorded in Milan, Italy in April 1990. Her manager, Jack Gordon, was approached by producers Franco and Claudio Donato who wanted La Toya for a sexy, "moan-and-groan" track.
Three mixes of the song were included on the original release. The "Rapsody Version" included a rap by La Toya and the "Vocal Version" was used as a track on La Toya's "Bad Girl" album, first released in 1991 through Sherman Records. The "Sex Vocal" is an a capella track.
The "La Toya" remix was produced by Quincy Lizer and released as a single in 1990 throughout Italy and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="5956262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956262" title="O'Bannon">
O'Bannon

O'Bannon may refer to:
In places:
In ships:
People with the surname O'Bannon:

</doc>
<doc id="5956281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956281" title="Panasonic Toot-a-Loop Radio">
Panasonic Toot-a-Loop Radio

The Toot-a-Loop Radio or Panasonic R-72 is a novelty radio made by Panasonic Japan in the early 1970s. This radio was designed to be wrapped around the wrist (provided your wrist wasn't too large). It also came with stickers for customizing the unit. Reception was the AM broadcast band only - no FM. Radio was shaped something like a donut with the hole off center. If twisted, the smaller half would pivot and the larger half would separate, forming an "S" shape. One side of the radio had a grill behind which sat the speaker. There was also a jack for a mono earplug. The tuner was located inside one of the "splits" so the radio had to be twisted into the "S" position in order to be tuned, but the volume control was on the outer diameter of the radio and could be adjusted regardless of whether the radio was twisted open or closed. The Toot-a-Loop came in several colors including white, red, blue, and yellow. It was also produced in two other colors orange and lime which were sold in Australia and New Zealand. Australian and New Zealand models had the badging National Panasonic and were advertised as a "Sing-O-Ring" radio. Also known by collectors as a bangle or wrist radio. The advertisement song went "It's an S it's an O it's a crazy radio! Toot a loop!"

</doc>
<doc id="5956282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956282" title="Elmley Castle">
Elmley Castle

Elmley Castle is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire, in England, United Kingdom. It is located on the north side of Bredon Hill 3 miles south east of Pershore in the local government district of Wychavon.
Amenities and history.
It had a population of 497 in 2001 and retains public amenities such as a bus route, public house, post office, primary school, local shop selling local produce, and church.
The remaining public house is called "The Queens Head", after Queen Elizabeth I who is supposed to have stopped there. According to local legend Elizabeth I was presented with a hat on her arrival in the village on the road from Pershore, (a nearby town). The slope upwards out of the village at that point is still known as 'Besscaps'.
The remains of a stone cross are still present in the centre of the village. Its age is unknown and a significant portion remains underground.
The church of St. Mary dates from the end of the 11th century, the chancel shows herringbone pattern stonework in the external walls, the font has a 15th-century octagonal bowl on a 13th-century square base decorated with stonecarved serpents and dragons and the church was much added to in succeeding centuries. It contains grand monuments to Thomas, 1st Earl of Coventry and 17th century effigies of members of the Savage family. The decline in local Christian worshippers has led to a reduced service schedule at the church.
Castle.
The ruins of an important Norman and medieval castle, from which the village derives its name, are located in the deer park, just over half a mile south on Bredon Hill. The castle is supposed to have been built for Robert Despenser in the years following the Norman Conquest. After his death (post 1098) it descended to his heirs, the powerful Beauchamp family. It remained their chief seat until William de Beauchamp inherited the earldom and castle of Warwick from his maternal uncle, William Maudit, 8th Earl of Warwick, in 1268. Thereafter, Elmley Castle remained a secondary property of the Earls of Warwick until it was surrendered to the Crown in 1487. In 1528 the castle seems to have been still habitable, for Walter Walshe was then appointed constable and keeper, and ten years later Urian Brereton succeeded to the office. In 1544, however, prior to the grant to Christopher Savage (d.1545), who had been an Esquire of the Body of King Henry VIII, a survey was made of the manor and castle of Elmley, and it was found that the castle, strongly situated upon a hill surrounded by a ditch and wall, was completely uncovered and in decay.
An Elizabethan stone mansion succeeded the castle, on flatter ground, built for William Savage of Elmley Castle (1554-1616), and this was entirely remodelled in 1702.

</doc>
<doc id="5956283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956283" title="José Tohá">
José Tohá

José Tohá González (February 6, 1927 – March 15, 1974) was a Chilean journalist, lawyer, political figure, and Socialist politician.
He was born in Chillán, the son of Spanish immigrant José Tohá Soldavilla and of Brunilda González Monteagudo. After completing his secondary studies in his natal city, he studied law at the Universidad de Chile. While there he was president of the student federation between 1950-51. In 1958 he joined the staff of the "Última Hora" newspaper, and in 1960 he became its editor and majority owner, a position he held until 1970. He married Raquel Victoria Morales Etchevers (known as Moy de Tohá) in 1963, with whom he had two children: Carolina and José.
In 1942 Tohá joined the Chilean Socialist Party (PS), while still in high school. He rose to member of its central committee. As the first democratically elected socialist president, President Salvador Allende named him his first Minister of the Interior and vice president, a position he held until he was cited by Congress accused of tolerating the creation of left-wing paramilitary organizations. Allende responded by naming him Minister of Defense, a deliberate challenge to his right wing detractors. As such, he had to deal with the Tanquetazo putsch, the first attempt at a military led coup d'état. 
During the coup d'état of September 11, 1973, he was seized and arrested at La Moneda, where he had gone to support the defense of the democratic administration. He was held in different concentration camps suffering severe torture: first at the Military Academy; later he was sent for 8 months to a political prison in Dawson Island and from there he was transferred to the basement of the Air Force War Academy. 
On February 1, 1974, Tohá was moved to room 303 at the Military Hospital in Santiago in a precarious state of health, suffering from acute attack of gastric ulcers. He recovered slightly and was able to share a few minutes with his wife and children on his 47th birthday on February 6. Despite his poor health, the military officers continued harassing him with endless torture and interrogation sessions. His physical state deteriorated, his weight dropped precipitously and he lost his eyesight. He could no longer walk nor take care of himself. The further interrogations in the Air Force’s War Academy only worsened his condition. On March 15, at 12.55, he was found hanged inside the clothes closet of his hospital room. The official explanation was that he had committed suicide in the "grip of a very strong nervous depression, with psycho-somatic effects". The family has never accepted that version and still claims he was murdered. After Chile regained democracy, it was determined that he died as a result of torture.
After his death, his wife and children lived in exile in Mexico City for several years. His family returned to Chile in the early 80's where his wife worked in the resistance to the Pinochet dictatorship. 
After Democracy was regained in 1990; his wife, Moy de Tohá, served as Cultural Attaché in Mexico and as an Ambassador to Honduras and El Salvador. His daughter, Carolina, studied law in The University of Chile and went on to obtain a Ph.D. in Political Science in Milan, Italy. She is currently serving her second term as a Congresswoman representing Santiago and was elected mayor of Santiago Centro October 28, 2012. His son, José Tohá obtained undergraduate and graduate degrees in architecture in the United States, where he founded an architecture office.

</doc>
<doc id="5956286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956286" title="UBid">
UBid

uBid.com manages an online auction style and fixed-price shopping website that offers both goods sold directly by the company and items sold by pre-approved third party uBid-certified merchants.
Overview.
uBid Holdings Inc. offers both products sold through and by uBid.com and products offered by other established businesses through the uBid Certified Merchant Program. The site specializes in excess new, refurbished and overstock consumer electronics such as computers, electronics, home goods, jewelry, watches and cellular phones. uBid.com's sister website RedTag.com offers a Deal of the Day, and Flash Sales of specific fixed-price merchandise. uBid.com is not a penny auction site where it sells bids, nor does it open its platform compared to eBay to any third-party sellers without being approved. Sellers must be approved with the idea that the platform should avoid counterfeit, infringing, stolen or other questionable products on its platform. uBid once had the closest market share in the on-line auction style space, approximately 15% market share compared to eBay and once had a stock market valuation that peaked at close to $2 Billion dollars.
History.
uBid.com was formed and launched in 1997. Originally the platform was a subsidiary of PC MALL (MALL). The co-founding management team took the company public in 1998 and achieved a market capitalization value of over 1.8 billion dollars at one point. The company officially spun off from PC Mall with its co-founding management team in 1999. Ownership has changed multiple times over the years, including one involuntary bankruptcy petition with one of the previous owners. As of October 8, 2010, the uBid.com and Redtag.com platforms are owned and operated by uBid Holdings, Inc., and the company is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois.
CMGI acquired the company from its founders and shareholders in early 2000 for a reported $407 million. The company is still memorialized at the home of the New England Patriots, formerly CMGI Field, now Gillette Stadium, with the "uBid.com Entrance". CMGi was an internet conglomerate with ownership stakes in over 90 companies, including AltaVista, Navisite, Lycos, Talon, Sales Link, Yes Mail, Geocities-purchased by Yahoo, and Exchange Path to name a few. According to SEC filings CMGi once had a market capitalization of about 60 Billion dollars. 
In early 2003, CMGi sold uBid to Takumi Interactive, a holding company formed to manage its purchase by Thomas Petters and the Petters Group of Minnetonka, Minnesota. Two uBid executives, Robert H. Tomlinson Jr. and Timothy E. Takesue, assumed executive leadership roles within Takumi Interactive. Tomlinson, previously uBid's Chief Financial Officer under CMGi ownership, had been named President of Takumi Interactive. Takesue, an original member of uBid's Founding Management team and the most recent Senior Vice President of merchandising under CMGi ownership, assumed the role of Executive Vice President, Merchandising. Mr. Takesue in January 2008 at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) accepted the Consumer Electronics Daily News Direct Seller of the year award. The award was co-sponsored by consumer electronics manufacturers and distributors. In Petters' 2009 criminal trial on numerous Federal charges, Petters testified that uBid was profitable, which was untrue. According to SEC filings, uBid had never claimed to be a profitable corporate entity since inception. The new company to date retains only one of the original founders of the uBid platform as a senior executive. Petters, in prison since October 2008, is currently serving the remainder of a 50-year prison term in Leavenworth, Kansas, for multiple crimes associated with operating a multi-billion-dollar Ponzi scheme possibly going as far back as the late 1980s according to some press reports and trial transcripts. According to SEC filings and public press releases, The Petters Group divested their majority holdings status in uBid in 2005. The Petters Group once held positions in over a hundred companies, employing upwards of 3,000 people at one point, and partnered at various times, according to press releases, with companies including Bain Capital/Fingerhut, Polaroid/Chase Bank, and Sun Country Airlines/Whitebox Advisors,and Boeing/Petters Aviation, where they once owned minority, majority, or full ownership interests.
An Ohio business school dean has agreed to return stock and $1.25 million in cash he says he earned as a consultant to Tom Petters before the Wayzata businessman was caught running Minnesota's biggest business scam. The settlement with Roger Jenkins, dean of the Richard T. Farmer School of Business at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, was disclosed in October 2012 in a court filing by the receiver sorting through the Petters mess for funds to compensate fraud victims.
Under the settlement, Jenkins will return the cash and 22,200 shares in Internet retailer Enable Holdings Inc., a former operator-owner of websites uBid and RedTag. The over-the-counter stock traded for less than 1 cent on average in 2012.Dr. Jenkins work has been published in the Harvard Business Review. He is the recipient of the Harold Maynord award. Dr. Jenkins earned his undergraduate degree from Berea College, his MBA at East TN State and his PHD from Ohio State University. According to SEC filings, The Petters Group was listed as the company's largest single minority shareholder, until late 2008.
In September 2007, Jeff Hoffman, a founder of the Priceline family of companies and Walker Digital, joined the company as its CEO. Hoffman restructured the company into several units, and focused it on the liquidation of excess inventory. Hoffman immediately hired Lee Olsen as his COO to oversee the company; Olsen was previously, an executive with IBM. Hoffman obtained only the URL or domain name Redtag.com from Petters, and created a fixed-price liquidation site by that name. He also instituted liquidation sales at specific temporary sites - spearheaded by EVP Tim Takesue in early 2008 - bulk excess inventory liquidations via Dibu Trading Corporation, and "Commerce Innovations", a company that was being developed to sell auctioning technology software, while Executive Vice President and General Counsel Glenn Weisberger; Vice Presidents; Theo Brasch and Kirk Maier took over the merchandising roles that oversaw the uBid web site procurement process, procurement for Dibu Trading and Procurement for the Live events, and oversaw the management of the personnel that handled the listings of its third party sellers from early 2008 until their resignations. The new business model was well received in the financial community and the Board of Directors, which at the time included Mary Jeffries, CEO of Petters Group Worldwide and CEO of Polaroid and Director of various other public Companies including Dave's Barbeque, Petters Group Worldwide Chief Legal Counsel: David Baer named Minnesota 's Lawyer of the Year of 2006, Steve Sjoblad, former founder of FICO, Ken Roehring, Professor of Marketing at The University of Minnesota, and Casey Gunnell directed Hoffman to spend a large amount of capital the company held in reserve on these efforts, while scaling back its marketing and advertising efforts.
After Mr. Petters' arrest in the fall of 2008, uBid laid off a large portion of its workforce in an effort to contain costs. Management announced 12 initial layoffs, but ultimately about 31% of its workforce, or between 22–28 employees, were laid off. In the fall of 2008, the company also immediately accepted the resignations of Mary Jeffries and David Baer from its Board of Directors. 
Subsequently, On December 2, 2008, the company received financing from Robert T. Geras and Theodore Deikel, on terms that essentially gave Mr. Geras, his wife and Mr. Deikel warrants for a majority controlling interest of the company, in exchange for a loan of approximately $1.5 million. In 2009, Mr. Geras resigned his position on the company's board of directors. Additional investor funds were also raised through a senior convertible debenture.
On December 22, 2009, Mr. Hoffman resigned from the company. uBid co-Founder Timothy E. Takesue was named interim CEO.
On March 1, 2010, Patrick L. Neville, a corporate turnaround specialist, became the company's official CEO, essentially following Mr. Hoffman's vision for uBid.com and RedTag.com. Neville filled two more Board of Director seats in 2010. Neville initially, started his role as day to day CEO early, on February 1, 2010, for no compensation, to try to immediately help the company. Neville officially resigned his position of CEO of Enable Holdings on October 15, 2010.
2010 bankruptcy and acquisition.
In September 2010, a group of unsecured creditors forced Enable Holdings, uBid's former holding company, into bankruptcy. On October 8, 2010, Sunrise Bidders (now uBid Holdings, Inc) purchased uBid and other assets at a court-authorized auction, and appointed Scott Koerner as the company's President. Koerner was previously Senior Vice President of Merchandising for all of North America for Office Depot (ODP); he originally joined Enable Holdings as a paid consultant for then CEO Pat Neville from approximately June 2010 until October 8th 2010. Mr. Koerner led the article 9 sale out of the assets of Enable Holdings Inc. Mr.Koerner departed the Company as President, CTO and Director in January 2013. According to SEC filings Sairam Rangachari, President and CTO of uBid Holdings successfully filed for a $4,600,000 capital infusion where more than half of that amount was already raised by June 25, 2013. Mr. Rangachari, a former founder and Senior Executive with Options Express which was eventually sold to Charles Schwab for over $1 Billion dollars, took over as President, after Mr. Koerner's departure in January 2013 as CEO. Mr. Rangachari, revamped the entire management team according to the uBid.com website in early 2013. As of June 2013 and as part of the successful capital raise Mr. Rangachari completed, the team is currently being headed by Sairam Rangachari as President and CTO, Mr. Ketan Thakker as CFO, Mr. Michael Schmahl as EVP and General Counsel and Mr. Michael Moss as Director of eCommerce with full responsibility and authority over uBid and RedTag's Certified Merchant Program. According to the uBid website the company's headquarters were moved to a facility in downtown Chicago.
uBid v. GoDaddy.
In 2009, uBid commenced a lawsuit against GoDaddy, in Federal Court in Chicago, accusing the company of profiting off of domain names that were similar to its trademarked names. uBid accuses Godaddy of unlawfully profiting by placing paid advertisements into parking pages, and splitting revenues with its customers, who uBid alleges to be cybersquatters. The lawsuit was originally dismissed for a lack of jurisdiction, but that decision was reversed by the Seventh Circuit. The case was pending before U.S. District Judge Charles Kocoras, but was dismissed by agreement on October 17, 2011.
Certified Merchant Program.
In order to maintain a trusted trading environment, uBid only allows established businesses who have been pre-approved to sell products on its site. Merchants wishing to be approved must provide tax and credit information as well as trade and bank references to prove their credibility. Once approved, Certified Merchants are allowed to sell their products on the site, however all payments and customer service inquiries are made directly through uBid in order to maintain consumer trust and provide the best possible post-sale service. Due to this system, Certified Merchants do not have any direct interaction with customers except for questions asked about products through the uBid site, nor do they see customers' credit card information.
However, it should be noted that uBid currently has no existing method for seller feedback or ratings. This has led to some disreputable vendors being allowed to use uBid to sell counterfeit products with impunity.
Other.
uBid Holdings announced in February 2011 the formation of uBid.com Business, which is the company's B-to-B arm, providing revenue from SMB, government, education and other business customers.
uBid is currently the lowest-rated online retailer in terms of customer satisfaction, according to ConsumerAffairs.com
It is currently attempting to litigate with FDA, a memorabilia dealer, regarding the repeated sale counterfeit sports memorabilia to uBid customers.

</doc>
<doc id="5956290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956290" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Niamey">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Niamey

The Archdiocese of Niamey is a Roman Catholic Archdiocese in Niger. It is based in the capital city of Niamey and was erected on 28 April 1942. Pope Benedict XVI made it an archdiocese in June 2007. It performs the Latin Rite and covers approximately 20,000 km (77,250 sq. miles). As of 2004, the diocese population was about 5,880,000 with 0.3% Catholic. 29 priests were in the Diocese for a ratio of 517 Catholics per Priest. Michel Christian Cartatéguy has been the head of the archdiocese since January 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="5956295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956295" title="You and Me (La Toya Jackson song)">
You and Me (La Toya Jackson song)

"You and Me" is a single by La Toya Jackson, taken from her sixth studio album, "Bad Girl". The song was originally titled "Verso L'Ignoto", sung in Italian by Marcella and Gianni Bella, who entered the song in the annual Sanremo Music Festival held from February 28 to March 3, 1990. Jackson wrote English lyrics to the song and also performed it in the festival. 
The single was released only in a 7" format, with the song "He's My Brother", a biographical track about brother Michael Jackson, as the B-side. It peaked at #28 in the Italian charts. An alternate single mix exists, but remained unused for unknown reasons. 
Dutch-Croatian singer Tatjana covered the song in 1991. The single peaked at #81 in the Dutch charts.

</doc>
<doc id="5956296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956296" title="Dying Is Your Latest Fashion">
Dying Is Your Latest Fashion

Dying Is Your Latest Fashion is the debut full-length album by American rock band Escape the Fate, released on October 3, 2006 on Epitaph Records. The origin of the album's title comes from a line in the chorus of the song "Situations". It contains nine new songs plus two songs taken from "There's No Sympathy for the Dead". "Not Good Enough for Truth In Cliché" and "Situations" were released as singles, with music videos being made for both. It is the only full-length album and second release with original singer and founding member Ronnie Radke. Ronnie would later be incarcerated and kicked out of the band. He is currently the frontman for Falling in Reverse. It is also the last release to feature rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa and keyboardist Carson Allen (although he was no longer in at the time). Mandy Murders, who had in the past dated Ronnie Radke, modeled for the cover art.
Promotion and release.
Escape the Fate released the song "Not Good Enough for Truth In Cliché" as the first single and later released the song "Situations" as the second single on November 20, 2007 on iTunes, which included "Situations", its video, and the B-side "Make Up" which was previously only available on the Japanese version of "Dying Is Your Latest Fashion". 
"The Webs We Weave" was supposed to be the band's third single on the album, but was never released due to Ronnie Radke's departure. 
Following the release of the album, Radke was put on parole for narcotics charges and later violated parole when he was involved in an altercation resulting in the death of 18-year old Michael Cook, although Radke did not kill Cook. Radke plead guilty to battery charges and was sent to prison for two years, leading Escape the Fate to hire Craig Mabbitt as their temporary lead singer. He would later be made the permanent lead singer for the band and has been with them for the release of three subsequent studio albums.
Personnel.
"Dying Is Your Latest Fashion" album personnel as listed on Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="5956302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956302" title="New Line Television">
New Line Television

New Line Television was the television arm of the company of the same name, in turn a subsidiary of Time Warner.
History.
The studio was founded in 1988 with the mission to produce "Freddy's Nightmares", a television series based on the studio's popular "Nightmare on Elm Street" film series. Following the series' cancellation in 1990, New Line officially launched its television unit in 1991.
In 1990, New Line bought a stake in RHI Entertainment, a television production company. New Line's involvement in the company ended with Hallmark Cards' purchase of RHI in 1994.
MGM Television began distributing New Line's films and television series from October 2006 to February 2008, when New Line Cinema shut down as an independent business but operated as a unit of Warner Bros. Pictures. New Line Television would follow suit for the company's television division as well.
Notes.
1"Freddy's Nightmares" was distributed in syndication by Lorimar-Telepictures from 1988–1989. Eventual NLT corporate sibling Warner Bros. purchased Lorimar-Telepictures in 1989 and assumed distribution for the remainder of the series' run.

</doc>
<doc id="5956322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956322" title="Spaide R.I.P.P.E.R.">
Spaide R.I.P.P.E.R.

Spaide R.I.P.P.E.R. (Rhyming in Perfection, Punishing Every Rapper) is an American rapper from St. Louis, Missouri. He is the self-proclaimed "Peoples Champ of St. Louis".
Spaide began his career with the self-produced "The Peoples' Champ" album in 2004. "This Herre City", his debut album on a major record label, was released in 2006. It featured the single "Always", which peaked at number 80 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Always" was included in Scarface's "My Homies Part 2" compilation released by Rap-A-Lot Records. His work was featured on Ice Cube's mixtape compilation "Niggas with Guns", produced in collaboration with UrbanWorld Ringtonez.

</doc>
<doc id="5956331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956331" title="1st White Cloth Hall">
1st White Cloth Hall

The 1st White Cloth Hall is a Grade II* listed building in the city centre of Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.
History.
Originally named The White Cloth Hall, it was opened in 1711 as a response to the building of a covered cloth hall by the merchants of Wakefield in 1710, in order to entice traders away from Leeds. So the cloth hall for the sale of white (undyed) cloth was built on Kirkgate on a site provided by Lord Irvine of Temple Newsam with £1000 given by merchants and tradesmen. It was 'built upon Pillars and Arches in the form of an Exchange, with a Quadrangular Court within'.
Present.
Despite its importance to the industrial heritage of Leeds and to the industrial revolution in general, the first White Cloth Hall in Kirkgate has stood growing increasingly derelict for many years surrounded by scaffolding and safety hoardings. The Amusement Arcade in its eastern wing still operates but the rest of the building is getting close to state of collapse and is a health and safety hazard.
A series of meetings with the City Council Planning Officers, the building owner Emco, and English Heritage, concluded that the western and southern sections of the building must be demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="5956344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956344" title="Oakbank">
Oakbank

Oakbank is the name of several places:
It is also the name of several schools:
It is also at least one event:

</doc>
<doc id="5956350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956350" title="Vito Russo">
Vito Russo

Vito Russo (July 11, 1946 – November 7, 1990) was an American LGBT activist, film historian and author who is best remembered as the author of the book "The Celluloid Closet" (1981, revised edition 1987).
Life and work.
Russo developed his material following screenings of camp films shown as fundraisers for the early gay rights organization Gay Activists Alliance. He traveled throughout the country from 1972 to 1982, delivering "The Celluloid Closet" as a live lecture presentation with film clips at colleges, universities, and small cinemas such as the Roxie Cinema in San Francisco. In both the book and in the lecture/film clip presentation, he related the history of gay and lesbian moments – and the treatment of gay and lesbian characters – in American and foreign films of the past.
In 1983, Russo wrote, produced, and co-hosted a series focusing on the gay community called "Our Time" for WNYC-TV public television. This series featured the nation's first GLBT hard news and documentary video segment produced and directed by social behaviorist D. S. Vanderbilt.
Russo's concern over how LGBT people were presented in the popular media led him to co-found the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), a watchdog group that monitors LGBT representation in the mainstream media and presents the annual GLAAD Media Awards. The Vito Russo Award is named in his memory and is presented to an openly gay or lesbian member of the media community for their outstanding contribution in combating homophobia. Russo was also actively involved in the AIDS direct action group ACT UP.
Russo appeared in the 1989 Academy Award-winning documentary "" as a "storyteller," relating the life and death of his lover Jeffrey Sevcik.
In 1990 Vito Russo spent a year in California at the University of California, Santa Cruz, teaching a class, also entitled "The Celluloid Closet". He enjoyed being a professor, spending lecture breaks smoking and joking with his students.
Also in 1990, Merrill College at UC Santa Cruz established Vito Russo House to promote Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender awareness and provide a safe and comfortable living environment for queer, straight-supportive and all students who value and appreciate diversity. The house tailors its programming to meet the needs of GLBT students and offers all an opportunity to build understanding and tolerance.
Death and legacy.
Russo was diagnosed with HIV in 1985, and died of AIDS-related complications in 1990. His work was posthumously brought to television in the 1996 HBO documentary film "The Celluloid Closet", co-executive produced and narrated by Lily Tomlin.
After his death there was a memorial in Santa Cruz put on by students and colleagues. There were testimonials about how inspirational he had been and en masse, the group sang "Over the Rainbow" in his memory.
Russo's papers are held by the New York Public Library.
A family-approved biography of Russo's life, written by NYIT professor Michael Schiavi, titled "Celluloid Activist: The Life and Times of Vito Russo" was published by the University of Wisconsin Press in April 2011. A two-volume Vito Russo reader was published in July 2012 by White Crane Books titled "Out Spoken: The Vito Russo Reader - Reel One" and "Out Spoken: The Vito Russo Reader - Reel Two." Reel One presents his film writings; Reel Two collects his political/social commentaries.
A documentary film on the life of Vito Russo, "Vito", had its festival premiere within the 2011 New York Film Festival, went on to screen within such festivals as Maryland Film Festival, and had its television premiere on HBO June 23, 2012. It is directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of the Los Angeles production company Automat Pictures.
In 2013, GLAAD named the "Vito Russo test" after him, a set of criteria intended to analyze the representation of LGBT characters in films.

</doc>
<doc id="5956357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956357" title="Rubicon River (Victoria)">
Rubicon River (Victoria)

The Rubicon River is a tributary of the Goulburn River in Victoria Australia.
The river rises in the Blue Range east of Buxton and flows North towards Thornton.
The Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme, with a present-day capacity of 13 MW, was established on the river and its tributary the Royston River in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="5956361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956361" title="Clairville, Toronto">
Clairville, Toronto

Clairville is the northwestern most neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The neighbourhood is part of Rexdale, in north Etobicoke. Today Clairville is almost wholly industrial/commercial.
History.
The town of Clairville was established in 1850 at the intersection of Albion Road and Steeles. It was built on land owned by Jean du Petit Pont de la Haye, a French teacher at Upper Canada College. He developed the community on his estate which he named after his daughter Claire. A private street was built diagonally across northern Etobicoke as a shortcut to Albion Township (now part of Brampton), with a toll at Clairville. The street was originally named Clairville but was also called the Albion Road (the current name for this street). 
Re-development.
Clairville largely disappeared after a dam was built on the West Branch of the Humber creating the Lake Clairville reservoir. In the 1970s Highway 427 was built north along the western edge of the neighbourhood and in the 1990s Highway 407 was built just to the north. This combined with the existing rail lines and proximity to Pearson Airport to make the area prime industrial land. Today all residential homes have disappeared in the Toronto section of Clairville and replaced with warehouses and factories. 
Clairville was divided between municipalities, the portion west of Indian Road and Highway 427 is today in Brampton. Unlike in Toronto, Claireville, Brampton largely consists of new residential subdivisions north of Queen Street, Indian Line Campground and the Clairville Conservation Area in the south end.
The area is close to the large south Asian communities of Brampton and Rexdale. The accessible area with large cheap lots has become home to several Hindu temples, most notably the BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="5956368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956368" title="Oatfield">
Oatfield

Oatfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956369" title="Strategic Organization">
Strategic Organization

"Strategic Organization"' may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956373" title="Dorsey Wright">
Dorsey Wright

Dorsey Wright (born 21 April 1957) is an American actor, best known for his role as Cleon in the 1979 film "The Warriors".
Wright was born in The Bronx, New York City in 1957 and earned his first acting role in 1979, in "The Warriors", for which he is best remembered. He also co-starred in the film version of "Hair" that same year. In 1981, he appeared as a gang member in the film "Ragtime", and played Junior Jones in the 1984 film adaptation of John Irving's novel "The Hotel New Hampshire". This was his last film role.
Dorsey Wright was once part of a not-for-profit theater group based in Long Island City, New York called the Theater for the Forgotten. The project was run by founders Akila Couloumbis and Beverly Rich, funded by The National Council for the Arts and several other sources. The group put on plays for the institutionalized, ranging from prisons and drug rehab to hospitals in six states. Some of the plays that were done were written in collaboration with the theater group "Dream 76" and "Forever My Earth", more of them were adapted with playwrights' permissions to the intended audience.
He now works for the New York Transit Authority, but still does voice-overs for television and radio commercials. In 2005, he reprised his role as Cleon in the video game version of "The Warriors".

</doc>
<doc id="5956393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956393" title="Nathan S. Ancell">
Nathan S. Ancell

Nathan S. Ancell (August 22, 1908 – May 31, 1999) co-founded the Ethan Allen furniture company with his brother-in-law, Theodore Baumritter, in the 1930s. Together, the two men pioneered the concept of selling furniture in room-style settings and built the Ethan Allen company. Today, Ethan Allen has sales of nearly $1 billion.
Early life.
Born Nathan Ancelewitz, Nathan S. "Nat" Ancell grew up in New York. In 1932, he and his brother-in-law started a small housewares company. The two bought a bankrupt furniture manufacturer in Beecher Falls, Vt a few years later. Ancell attended Columbia College in New York City, New York.
Business Practices.
Ancell was known as the father of the gallery concept, where furniture was placed in real-life settings in furniture stores. The company vision statement illustrates his viewpoint in how to conduct business: "To promote dreams not just furniture-to help consumers have the attractive homes they want, regardless of the station in life."
The family sold the Ethan Allen company to Interco in 1980. Ancell continued as manager and later as an advisor until the company was sold again in 1989.
Philanthropic works.
In 1982, he was honored by Western Connecticut State University, who named the Ancell School of Business after him following his donation of $900,000. Afterward, he taught ethics and marketing at the school.
Ancell served on the board of Brandeis University for 25 years. He funded a chair in physics and a fellowship in physics, and was awarded an honorary Doctorate in 1990 and the Distinguished Community Service Award in 1988.
He established the Florence and Theodore Baumritter Chair in Medicine at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University. He was also a benefactor and received an honorary degree.
Ancell also served as co-chair of the UJA-Federation Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="5956394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956394" title="Djurleite">
Djurleite

Djurleite is a copper sulfide mineral of secondary origin with formula Cu31S16 that crystallizes with monoclinic-prismatic symmetry. It is typically massive in form, but does at times develop thin tabular to prismatic crystals. It occurs with other supergene minerals such as chalcocite, covellite and digenite in the enriched zone of copper orebodies. It is a member of the chalcocite group, and very similar to chalcocite, Cu2S, in its composition and properties, but the two minerals can be distinguished from each other by x-ray powder diffraction. Intergrowths and transformations between djurleite, digenite and chalcocite are common. Many of the reported associations of digenite and djurleite, however, identified by powder diffraction, could be anilite and djurleite, as anilite transforms to digenite during grinding.
Djurleite was named for the Swedish chemist Seved Djurle (1928–2000), from the University of Uppsala, Sweden, who first synthesized the mineral in 1958, prior to its discovery in nature. The natural material was first described in 1962 by E H Roseboom Jr, of the US Geological Survey, from occurrences at the type locality, Barranca del Cobre, Chihuahua, Mexico.
The chalcocite group.
The chalcocite group is a group of closely related copper sulfides, with the formulae:
Unit cell.
Djurleite has a monoclinic structure with a large unit cell containing 248 copper and 128 sulfur atoms. The formula is Cu31S16, molar mass 2483 g, and there are 8 formula units per unit cell (Z = 8).
The crystal class is 2/m, meaning the structure has an axis of twofold rotational symmetry perpendicular to a mirror plane. The space group is P21/c, and the unit cell parameters are a = 26.897 Å, b = 15.745 Å, c = 13.565 Å and β = 90.13°. The structure is based on hexagonal closest packing of sulfur atoms with a monoclinic space group.
Physical properties.
Crystals are short prismatic and thick tabular, but the mineral usually occurs in a massive and compact form. There is no cleavage. Pseudohexagonal twins are common, with crystal blocks rotated around the a crystal axis, which is normal to the close-packed layers, by multiples of 60°. Djurleite is brittle, with a conchoidal (shell-like) fracture. It is a soft mineral, with hardness 2½ to 3, a little less than that of calcite. The specific gravity, 5.63, is high, due to the copper content, djurleite is denser than the copper-iron sulfide bornite, but not as dense as the iron-arsenic sulfide arsenopyrite.
Optical properties.
Djurleite is grey, blue-black or black, with a black streak and a submetallic to metallic luster. It is an opaque mineral, so refractive indices are not defined. The reflectivity (the percentage of incident energy which is reflected from a surface) for light of wavelength 540 nm varies between 29.6 and 30.2, and is slightly dependent on the direction of the incident light, that is to say, the mineral is weakly anisotropic.
Environment.
Djurleite is a widely distributed but little known ore mineral of copper, found in the secondary enrichment zones of copper deposits, associated with other secondary copper sulfides digenite, chalcocite, bornite, chalcopyrite and anilite with pyrite.
Occurrence.
The type locality is Barranca de Cobre, Chihuahua, Mexico, and the type material is conserved at the Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto, Canada, M25369, and at the National Museum of Natural History, Washington, DC, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="5956401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956401" title="Why Don't You Want My Love?">
Why Don't You Want My Love?

"Why Don't You Want My Love?" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. After recording her sixth studio album "Bad Girl", which would be distributed in 1991, Jackson signed a deal with BCM Records in Germany. 
The song was intended to be the lead single for a new album under the BCM label, but the company went bankrupt before the album could be completed. "Why Don't You Want My Love?" was originally scheduled for a release in fall 1990 but was delayed several times until its release in January 1991. The single was released in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
BCM started a huge print campaign for the CD single, advertising the single with the caption "A fresh new start with BCM", and there is even a short message for all DJs at the end of the CD single with Jackson's soft voice asking, "Now DJs, why "don't" you want my love?".
The single was released on 7", 12" and CD formats, but failed to reach the charts. In 1993, the song was licensed to the German label "Legend", who released a remix of the song along with the 12 tracks from Jackson's "Bad Girl" album. The compilation was titled "Why Don't You Want My Love?".
Jackson quickly signed a new record deal with Pump Records in the Netherlands and released a new single and album only 10 months later.

</doc>
<doc id="5956415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956415" title="Ramil Gallego">
Ramil Gallego

Ramil Gallego (pronounced gal-ye-go) (b. September 21, 1966 in Bacolod City, Philippines) is a Filipino professional pool player, nicknamed ""Bebeng"".
As veteran player, Gallego has been competing in tournaments outside his homeland, mainly in Japan. The Philippine public started to know him very well when he competed in the Motolite International Tournament (won by Francisco Bustamante) and the Rising Stars Tournament (won by Edgar Acaba).
Among the Philippine players, Gallego is capable of speaking Japanese. Thus, he is occasionally being used as a translator when in Japan.
Ramil Gallego, 41, blasted Francisco Bustamante, 10-9, in the semis, and edged Carlo Biado, 11-7, in the finals to win on July 28, 2008, the first P 300,000 Manny Villar Cup Bulacan leg at the Event Center of SM City, Marilao.
Gallego has won a number of tournaments, mostly in Asia. His most notable one is when he won the Bangkok Leg of the 2006 WPA Asian Nine-ball Tour against Au Chi-Wai of Hong Kong.
Rodolfo Luat, 50, won the $15,000 (P727,500) top prize of the Bacolod leg, of the First Senate President Manny Villar Cup, on November 16, 2008. At the Garden Royal Function Hall of Goldenfields Commercial Complex. Luat downed Ramil Gallego, 13-10 (who earned $5,000 or P242,500).

</doc>
<doc id="5956433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956433" title="Delatite River">
Delatite River

The Delatite River is a tributary of the Goulburn River in Australia.
The river rises between the ski resort mountains of Mount Stirling and Mount Buller on the Western edge of the Victorian Alps. Flowing generally westwards, it passes the town of Merrijig before reaching Lake Eildon, an impoundment of the Goulburn and Delatite Rivers.
Named after "Delotite", wife of the local indigeous leader "Beolite", the leader of the yowung-illum-baluks of the Taungurung people.

</doc>
<doc id="5956435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956435" title="Flinders Island (South Australia)">
Flinders Island (South Australia)

Flinders Island is an island in the Investigator Group off the coast of South Australia. It was named by Matthew Flinders after his younger brother Samuel Flinders, a midshipman on "HMS Investigator" in 1801. It is part of the Investigator Group Important Bird Area.
The island has been subject to diamond exploration following the discovery of a wide range of kimberlite indicator minerals there. These minerals include chromite, pyrope, diopside, picroilmenite, forsterite, orthopyroxene, as well as small diamonds.

</doc>
<doc id="5956444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956444" title="Sexbox">
Sexbox

"Sexbox" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. It is taken from her 1991 album "No Relations". The single was released on 7", 12" and CD singles in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and the Netherlands. 
The single was released on Pump Records (a division of Dino Records) and a huge promotion campaign boosted the single in the Netherlands and Germany. The single charted at #23 on Dutch charts, and became Jackson's second biggest Dutch hit of her career, as well as her third biggest German hit. 
Jackson performed the song on several German and Dutch TV shows accompanied by a group of Dutch dancers, including "Gottschalk", "NDR Talk-Show" and "Up'n Swutch". In Spain, Jackson performed the single on Jesús Hermida's television program along with her song "Playboy". At the same time she promoted the release of her autobiography "" and her second appearance in "Playboy" in November 1991.
The track samples James Brown's "Get Up (I Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine." It also references Madonna's "Like a Virgin". 

</doc>
<doc id="5956446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956446" title="Ghost Squad (video game)">
Ghost Squad (video game)

Ghost Squad and Ghost Squad: Evolution are light gun rail shooter arcade game developed and published by Sega. A home version of the original "Ghost Squad" was developed for Nintendo's Wii game console. A sequel, Operation GHOST, was released in arcades in 2012.
Ghost Squad (Arcade).
Sega released "Ghost Squad" for the arcade in 2004. "Ghost Squad" features a simulated IR light gun shaped similar to the standard issue weapon the game's protagonists use. This light gun is intended to function realistically: it features a working fire selector switch, a stock, force-feedback recoil, and iron sights. To ensure that the light gun fires accurately, a 20-second "calibration" mode is provided in which the game adjusts for any jostling or damage to the rifle's light-emitting components.
"Ghost Squad" features different weapons, each with its firing and reload properties (i.e. long shot splash, long reload time) which affect its difficulty of use. "Ghost Squad" features three semi non-linear levels with adjustable difficulty and branching choices, ranging from the jungle, a government-restricted villa, and inside an Air Force One flight. There are many sub-activities in the game, such as defusing bombs and throwing grenades to disable armor, which are accomplished via the secondary "Action" trigger on the gun's foregrip.
Ghost Squad: Evolution (Arcade).
"Ghost Squad Evolution" is the arcade followup to the original "Ghost Squad". It was developed and published by Sega and released in 2007.
In "Ghost Squad: Evolution" the player is a member of Alpha Unit, or members of the “Ghost Squad”, an unofficial unit of the anti-terrorist group, Multi-Operation-Program (M.O.P.). Non-playable characters include fellow M.O.P. members consisting of the Commander, who provides radio backup and pertinent advice to the player. Along with the Bravo and Charlie Unit who assist the player in suppressing the terrorist threat.
The rifle can be set from single shot, to 3 burst shot to automatic fire. As well as a special effects to suit the situation Night Vision, Flash Light for the mounted gun, and scope for sniper rifle. The gun also features an action button which is used to pull off special moves like hand to hand combat. As well as recoil effects on every shot fired.
Each mission contains multiple routes for the player to choose. Special events occur throughout the game depending on the route chosen, such as securing hostages, bomb removal, or providing friendly cover fire. The game is broken into 3 missions with 16 total levels. All 16 can be selected from the beginning. There are 14 costumes available for character customization, however, the costumes have no effect on gameplay. There are 25 different weapons.
Ghost Squad (Wii).
Sega published the Polygon Magic developed Wii port of "Ghost Squad" in Japan on October 25, 2007, and in the U.S. on November 20, 2007. It uses the Wii Zapper as a multi-purpose tool to allow players easy control of targeting enemies, defusing bombs, and detaining hostages.
"Ghost Squad" takes advantage of the Wii Remote's pointer functionality, the nunchuk, and the Wii Zapper giving players controller flexibility. In addition, the game features a pointer calibration mode, enabling players to use line-of-sight aiming and fire precisely where the Wii Remote is pointed. The player has the option to turn off the on-screen pointer for more points.
Exclusive to the Wii conversion of the game are four-player support, and an online high score leaderboard support via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Arcade Version Data Features.
The arcade version of "Ghost Squad" use "IC Cards" to save the players customized character data, score, and provide the player with experience points, new outfits, new weapons, and increased rank. The card is available for players to purchase at some arcades. The card allows the player a maximum of 100 game and sixteen levels of difficulty. After 100 games the card must be recharged by purchasing a new card. The game also utilizes an internet ranking system, that is accessed when using a password provided by the game.
Most "Ghost Squad" cabinets in the United States do not have card slots. However, players have immediate access to four costumes, four guns, and the first four mission levels.
Reception.
"Ghost Squad" for the Wii received a metascore of 69 on Metacritic. IGN gave it a 7.5, remarking that "most of what made Ghost Squad fun in the arcades is still retained though, as there's a huge emphasis on weapon management and mid-level missions".
In popular culture.
The arcade version of the game was shown in an episode of season one of Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations where he and No Reservations co-worker Nari travel to Korea where Nari takes him an arcade while exploring Korea's nightlife with Bourdain commenting that it's his favorite game as activity.

</doc>
<doc id="5956448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956448" title="Godfrey Chetwynd, 8th Viscount Chetwynd">
Godfrey Chetwynd, 8th Viscount Chetwynd

Godfrey John Boyle Chetwynd, 8th Viscount Chetwynd, CH (3 October 1863 – 22 March 1936) was a British peer and industrialist.
Chetwynd was the second son of Captain Henry Weyland Chetwynd (1829-1893; the third son of the 6th Viscount Chetwynd) and his wife Julia Bosville Davidson (d. 1901; a maternal granddaughter of the 3rd Baron Macdonald of Sleat). On 12 April 1893, he married Baroness Hilda von Alvensleben-Rusteberg. They later divorced and on 10 February 1904, he married Hon. Mary Eden (the third daughter of the 4th Baron Auckland) and they had three children, Adam Duncan (1904–1965), John Julian (1906–1966), and (Mary Diana) Eve (1908–1997).
In 1911, Chetwynd inherited his uncle's titles. From 1915-19, he was managing director of the National Shell Filling Factory No. 6, Chilwell, Nottinghamshire, which he designed and built; for which he was a made a Companion of Honour for his services to the war effort.

</doc>
<doc id="5956452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956452" title="International primate trade">
International primate trade

The international trade in primates sees 32,000 wild non-human primates (NHPs) trapped and sold on the international market every year. They are sold mostly for use in animal testing, but also for food, for exhibition in zoos and circuses, and for private use as companion animals.
Countries involved.
The United States imports around one third of all NHPs sold internationally, with the United Kingdom importing the second highest number. Japan, Russia, The Netherlands, France, and Taiwan also rank among the top importing countries.
The NHPs are exported from Indonesia, Malaysia, Kenya, Thailand, Philippines, Mauritius, Amazonian regions across South America, and China, where they exist indigenously.
How the NHPs are caught and held.
They are caught by local villagers and farmers, who set traps with baited nets and or by laying bait in crates. Entire families may be caught in the nets, with any undesirable NHPs being killed and sold for food.
Those who survive are taken in crates to holding centers, possibly without food or water. The centers are reportedly overcrowded and dirty; the primates may not be able to stand in the crates, and many die. Others are weeded out because they are ill, too thin, or too old, with females and babies being the most desirable.
According to a 1992 investigation by the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection, 75% of the NHPs may be killed at the holding centers.
Animal testing.
NHPs may be imported into the U.S. and sold for "scientific, educational, or exhibition purposes," and for use in breeding colonies. According to the AESOP Project, the majority of NHPs are imported to the U.S. to be used in laboratories. Between 1995 and 1999, 1,580 wild baboons were imported into the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5956454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956454" title="Ogemaw">
Ogemaw

Ogemaw, a variant spelling of ogema, is derived from the Anishinaabemowin word ogimaa meaning "chief", may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="5956455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956455" title="Landshut (disambiguation)">
Landshut (disambiguation)

Landshut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956461" title="Jane Tucker">
Jane Tucker

Jane Tucker is a singer, song writer and pianist. She is best known for being part of the musical trio Rod, Jane and Freddy. Jane was born into a family with an artistic background. Her grandmother was an opera singer, her mother a pianist, and her father was Rex Tucker, the drama director for the BBC. She first started to play the piano when she was three, having been given lessons by her mother. Jane's first ambition was to follow in her mother's footsteps and become a concert pianist, but as a teenager she decided she would rather be an actress. This ambition is what lead her to be trained at the Guildhall School of Music & Drama, where she continued her piano and singing whilst embarking on a full time drama course.
After graduating, she followed the classic route of repertory theatre, touring, TV, and radio, where she met and eventually married Rod Burton.
Rainbow.
In 1974, Jane and Rod auditioned for "Rainbow", Thames Television's programme for pre-school children, and were teamed with Matthew Corbett to become the new musician/singers. Later Corbett would be replaced by Roger Walker, and then Freddy Marks, creating the trio's most famous incarnation: Rod, Jane and Freddy.
"Rod, Jane and Freddy".
Towards the end of 1980 the trio were approached by ITV to do their own show, plans went through and the "Rod, Jane and Freddy" series was broadcast for the first time its first episode on 15 January 1981. In 1985 Jane and fellow trio member Freddy Marks became a couple, and have continued to be together since. Rod, Jane and Freddy appeared in both their own show and "Rainbow" until 1991 when they left their position as musicians on "Rainbow" to focus solely on "Rod, Jane and Freddy".
In 1990 RJF took their show on the road and toured successfully for 6 years, playing every major town in the UK. In 1996 Jane, along with Rod and Freddy, won an award from The British Academy of Songwriters (BACS) for outstanding contribution
to the music business.
Acting.
Since leaving the Rod, Jane and Freddy tours Tucker has appeared in several Pantomimes as Fairy Snowdrop in 'Snow White' at Barnstaple's Queen's Theatre in 2006, Fairy Rainbow in 'Jack and the Beanstalk' at Newport's The Riverfront in 2007, as Fairy God Mother in 'Cinderella' at Truro's The Hall For Cornwall in the winter of 2008/2009 and as the good fairy Azuriel in 'Sleeping Beauty' at Crewe's Lyceum Theatre in the winter of 2009/2010. Other theatre roles include starring as Beatrix Potter in the musical Jemima Puddleduck and Friends at the Unicorn Theatre in London. Tucker has made several TV appearances including as Anne Hathaway in Shakespeare's England, and has done voiceovers for Disneyland and BBC Schools. Jane recently appeared in panto, playing the Good Fairy Azuriel in Sleeping Beauty at The Hexagon in Reading in the winter of 2010/2011.
In 2009, she appeared on The Justin Lee Collins Show, as a blast from the past.
Jane is currently writing a ballet which is near completion.
In 2010 Jane shot a cameo role for an independent feature film "Shadows of a Stranger", due for release in 2012. 
Writing.
Jane has written many songs and musical pieces for stage shows and pantomimes and a complete score for the musical 'Wizadora'.

</doc>
<doc id="5956477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956477" title="Sally Emerson">
Sally Emerson

Sally Emerson, Lady Stothard (born 16 December 1951) is a British writer. 
She has written several novels and an anthology of poetry, as well as numerous articles for "The Sunday Times", "The Guardian" and "The Washington Post". 
In 1980 she married newspaper editor Sir Peter Stothard and had an affair with author Douglas Adams while separated from her husband. 

</doc>
<doc id="5956481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956481" title="Jesse Glass">
Jesse Glass

Jesse Glass (born 1954) is an American expatriate poet, artist and folklorist.
In America.
Glass first began to write and publish experimental poetry in c. 1972. Starting in 1976, he edited and published the mimeographed "Goethe’s Notes Magazine" and Goethe's Press from his family home in Westminster, Maryland. Richard Kostelanetz's wide-ranging cultural activities were a major influence during this period, particularly Kostelanetz's Assembling Magazine, the third volume of which Glass helped to assemble at the Maryland Writers' Council in 1976.
Glass became known for his writing and publishing in the Baltimore/Washington D.C. area, as part of a group that included Mel Raff's "Aleph,"Richard Peabody's "Gargoyle Magazine", Elsberg/ Cairncross' "Bogg", and Kevin Urick's "White Ewe Press", as well as for his many underground publications in England. At this time Glass also made contact with the performance poet Rod Summers of VEC in the Netherlands and began to participate in mail art and in voice recordings and alternative music.
Glass attended the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference in 1978, where he studied with Howard Nemerov. In 1979, Glass attended the Johns Hopkins University Writing Seminars and obtained his M.A. in English. His teachers there were Richard Howard and Cynthia Macdonald. Fellow students included Michael A. Martone, Lucie Brock-Broido, and Louise Erdrich. In 1980, Glass moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to attend graduate school at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. While in Milwaukee, he edited the "Cream City Review", and was constantly in touch with the readings and artistic events at Woodland Pattern Book Center. During this time, Glass began to correspond with Helen Adam, Kathleen Raine, Armand Schwerner, Rosmarie Waldrop, Ronald Johnson, Larry Eigner, Ron Silliman, Ian Hamilton Finlay, Steve McCaffrey, Robert Peters, Bern Porter, Lewis Turco, and others involved in new and experimental literature. Glass graduated with a Ph.D. in English, with an emphasis in American literature, in 1988.
After winning the Deep South Writers Conference award in poetry for two years in a row, Glass was invited by Burton Raffel, poet and translator, for a brief residency at the University of Southwestern Louisiana. He met Skip Fox there, and began the magazine "Die Young" (1991 – c.1996).
In Japan.
In 1992 Glass moved to Japan and began to collect bilingual poetry publications, as well as to correspond with Cid Corman, Jon Silkin, Edith Shiffert, and other writers. Glass also was poetry editor of the Chiba-based poetry magazine the "Abiko Rag", and suggested renaming it the "Abiko Quarterly". He served as the poetry editor from 1993 – 96. Glass became a member of the poetry group/magazine Sei-En (Blue Flame) founded by his friend the poet Yoichi Kawamura.
Glass went on-line in 1997, and joined the Buffalo Poetics List, Poetry, Etc., and British Poets, where he established himself as a presence and corresponded with many poets. Beginning in 1998, Glass established Ahadada Books, which has had, with the assistance of the Canadian poet Daniel Sendecki, some success with cooperative and e-publishing.
In 2001, Glass was a featured performer at the international Poli-Poetry Festival in Maastricht, the Netherlands as a guest of the Dutch government.
Present Endeavors.
Glass’ own work includes "The Passion of Phineas Gage and Selected Poems" (West House Books, 2006), reviewed extensively by David B. Axelrod in the archived magazine Poetrybay; and many chapbooks and artist's books, as well as visual and sound poetry.
On another front, Glass is a folklorist and historian, focusing on Carroll County, Maryland. In 1982, Glass' compilation of folklore "Ghosts and Legends of Carroll County, Maryland" was published by the Carroll County Library System, and has since gone into six printings. In 1998, "Ghosts and Legends" was updated. In 2001, this book, along with the Carroll County ghost walk, hosted by the Carroll County Library System, was deemed a "Local Legacy" by the Library of Congress. Moreover, his research into the life and death of Joseph Shaw, a Civil War era editor who was murdered in Westminster, Maryland, has resulted in two books as well as a collaboration with the Lithuanian composer Arturas Bumsteinas on a work of electronic music. In 2004, Glass, in collaboration with the Historical Society of Carroll County, Maryland and Meikai University, Japan, published "The Witness; Slavery in Nineteenth-Century Carroll County, Maryland" in a free, on-line edition, available as an e-book through Ahadada Books. This publication is the sole resource for the study of this subject.
Jesse Glass' literary papers, as well as his collections of Marylandia, British and American underground publications, Japanese literature and folklore, and visual and sound works are archived at the University of Maryland Libraries Special Collections, College Park. Glass' work can also be found in the Special Collections of Brown University and New York University at Buffalo, among others. The Ruth and Marvin Sackner Archive of Concrete and Visual Poetry also holds a number of Glass' visual compositions. The Tate Gallery, London, took two of Glass' illuminated books for their collection in 2006.
Glass has recently begun to collaborate with the British poet Alan Halsey and the German experimental composer and musician Ralph Lichtensteiger.
Jesse Glass is also a "lexicoiner" (one who adds to the lexicon); in 2002, the term Spam Lit first appeared in a University at Buffalo Poetics listserv [http://listserv.acsu.buffalo.edu/cgi-bin/wa?A2=ind0209&L=poetics&D=1&H=1&O=D&P=60037] subject line, followed by this message: "I'm still thinking about the ramifications of literature and art created with the delete button in mind."
Currently Jesse Glass is a professor of American literature at Meikai University ("Bright Sea" University in Japanese) in Chiba, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5956488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956488" title="Oglesby">
Oglesby

Oglesby can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956491" title="Let's Rock the House">
Let's Rock the House

"Let's Rock the House" is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson. It is taken from her 1991 album "No Relations". It was released as a single on 12" and CD formats with club remixes, and was released on the heels of Jackson's previous single, "Sexbox". 

</doc>
<doc id="5956502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956502" title="Elegant crested tinamou">
Elegant crested tinamou

The elegant crested tinamou or martineta tinamou ("Eudromia elegans") is a medium-sized tinamou that can be found in southern Chile and Argentina in shrubland.
Etymology.
"Eudromia" comes from two Greek words, "eu" meaning well or nicely, and "dromos" meaning a running escape. These definitions together mean, nice running escape, which refers to their habit of escaping predators by running. Finally, "elegans" means neat or elegant, and "martinete" is Spanish for night heron because its elegant crest is reminiscent of a night heron's crest.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire first identified the elegant crested tinamou from a specimen from South America, in 1832.
Description.
The elegant-crested tinamou averages long. The species is a dark or yellowish brown partridge-like bird with a short tail and wings, two white stripes on each side of its face and a long crest with an upward pointed tip. The feet have no hind toes and the bluish or greyish legs are short and strong, as they are highly terrestrial bird.
Habitats.
The elegant crested tinamou is typically found in the lowland dry shrubland, also in the higher elevations (), and farmland too.
Behavior.
The diet, during the winter, consists mainly of seeds, leaves, fruit and insects, but in the summer it east mainly insects. The nest is a hollow on the ground formed by both birds and situated close to a low bush. The male incubates the eggs and raises the young. When the young chicks hatch, they are down-covered and can run. They leave the nest almost immediately. This tinamou, unlike others, flocks regularly, especially in winter.
The call is a loud sad whistle.
Conservation.
Although this species is heavily hunted for food and sport, the elegant crested tinamou is not uncommon and has a large range of . It is evaluated as Least Concern of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.

</doc>
<doc id="5956508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956508" title="Danny Nordahl">
Danny Nordahl

Danny Nordahl is a bass guitarist who currently plays in the bands Faster Pussycat and Motochrist.
He has also played in the bands The Throbs, Stiv Bators And His Evil Boys, N.Y. Loose, The Newlydeads, Tracii Guns' version of L.A. Guns, and Hollywood Roses.

</doc>
<doc id="5956510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956510" title="There's No Sympathy for the Dead">
There's No Sympathy for the Dead

"There's No Sympathy for the Dead" is the debut EP by American rock band Escape the Fate, released in 2006. It was the group's debut release after signing with Epitaph Records. This is the first and last EP album by Escape the Fate that features keyboardist Carson Allen.
Gaming.
"As You're Falling Down" is in the soundtrack of .

</doc>
<doc id="5956511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956511" title="Kii Ōshima">
Kii Ōshima

The island has an area of 9.66 km² and measures 26 km around. Its east-west extent is 8 km, and its north-south extent is 2.5 km.
A series of three arch bridges connects Kii Ōshima to Honshū. The road over the bridges opened to through traffic on September 8, 1999.
The Japan-U.S. Friendship Memorial Hall on the island commemorates the visit of the trade vessels "Lady Washington", under Captain John Kendrick, and "Grace", under William Douglas, in 1791. These ships and their crews were the first to visit Japan from the young nation.
The town of Kushimoto operates the two schools on the island. They are Ōshima Elementary School and Ōshima Middle School.

</doc>
<doc id="5956513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956513" title="List of mayors of Luxembourg City">
List of mayors of Luxembourg City

The Mayor of Luxembourg City is the mayor of Luxembourg's capital and largest city, Luxembourg City. Due to the city's importance within the country (being home to almost one in six Luxembourgers), the position as mayor of Luxembourg City is one of the highest and most prestigious positions in Luxembourgian government and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="5956518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956518" title="Solomon Schindler">
Solomon Schindler

Solomon Schindler (1842–1915) was a rabbi and author. 
Biography.
He was born at Neisse, Germany, and was educated at Breslau. Coming to the United States during 1871, he was minister of at Hoboken, N. J., and in Boston until 1894. He was also a member of the Boston School Board during 1888-94. During 1895-99 he was superintendent of the Federation of Jewish Charities of Boston and thenceforth until 1909, when he retired, served as superintendent of the Leopold Morse Home. 
He also became a Baal teshuva.

</doc>
<doc id="5956520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956520" title="Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork">
Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork

Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork (ISBN 978-0446578066), subtitled "A 12-Step Program to End Bad Habits and Begin a Healthy Lifestyle", is a book by former Arkansas governor and 2008 United States Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee. It is based on his health experience of being overweight and diabetic.

</doc>
<doc id="5956521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956521" title="University of Maryland Medical System">
University of Maryland Medical System

The University of Maryland Medical System (also known as UMMS) is a private, not-for-profit corporation founded in 1994 and based in Baltimore, Maryland. It owns and operates eleven hospitals (as of 2012) in Maryland and has more than 1,700 licensed beds, 83,000 annual admissions and gross patient revenues of $2 billion annually. 
UMMS is a national and regional referral center for trauma, cancer care, neurocare, cardiac care, women's and children's health and physical rehabilitation. It also has one of the world's largest kidney transplant programs, as well as many other programs that improve the physical and mental health of thousands of people daily.
UMMS Hospitals.
University of Maryland Medical Center.
One of the nation's oldest teaching hospitals, this 757-bed facility—located in downtown Baltimore—is home to the University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Cancer Center, the R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center, the University of Maryland Hospital for Children and the University of Maryland Division of Transplantation.
Baltimore Washington Medical Center.
This 298-bed community hospital, located between Baltimore and Annapolis in Anne Arundel County, offers a wide variety of services. Baltimore Washington Medical Center was recently named a "Top 100" hospital for intensive care outcomes by Solucient Leadership Institute, which is part of Thomson Healthcare.
Chester River Hospital and Health System.
Located in Chestertown, Maryland Chester River Health System consists of Chester River Hospital Center, a 57-bed acute care community hospital; Chester River Manor, a 98-bed nursing and rehabilitation facility; and Chester River Home Care & Hospice. Together these three health care providers offer a continuum of care to meet the needs of approximately 45,000 residents of rural Kent and northern Queen Anne's counties.
Kernan Hospital.
This 133-bed facility, located in Woodlawn, Maryland, is the state's largest inpatient rehabilitation and orthopaedic hospital serving both adults and children. It also houses the University of Maryland Complementary Medicine Program and the University of Maryland pain clinic.
University of Maryland Medical Center Midtown Campus.
This 242-bed teaching hospital offers a full spectrum of health care for more than 110,000 people annually. Maryland General has been providing community health care in West Baltimore and Midtown for more than a century.
Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital.
This 102-bed pediatric and rehabilitation hospital, located in northwest Baltimore, provides specialty medical care to infants and children with complex medical needs.
Shore Health System -- Dorchester General Hospital and Memorial Hospital at Easton.
Formed in 1996 with the affiliation of Dorchester General Hospital in Cambridge, Maryland, and the Memorial Hospital at Easton, Maryland, Shore Health System serves Maryland's Eastern Shore communities with a total of 192 acute care beds in the two hospitals—which includes the 20-bed Requard Center for Acute Rehabilitation at Memorial Hospital—and a complete range of community-based outpatient diagnostic and treatment facilities.
University Specialty Hospital.
This 180-bed chronic care hospital, located in downtown Baltimore, focused on the complex needs of chronically ill patients. It was the region's largest pulmonary ventilator program, and Maryland's only coma emergence program, however this hospital closed in July 2012 and the patients were moved to Maryland General Hospital when the University of Maryland Medical System took ownership of that hospital.
Upper Chesapeake Health -- Harford Memorial Hospital and Upper Chesapeake Medical Center.
This not-for-profit, community-based, two-hospital system demonstrates its dedication to the people in surrounding communities by delivering a broad range of healthcare services, technology, and facilities. The HealthLink program works within the community to serve as a resource and champion for wellness and health education.
Today, UCH is the leading health care system and second largest private employer in Harford County, Maryland. With 2,700 Team Members and over 550 Medical Staff Physicians serving residents of Harford County, eastern Baltimore County, and western Cecil County.
Lyle Sheldon, CEO of Upper Chesapeake, reported on the IRS 990 form that in 2012 his salary to be $2.7 million dollars or $106,000 dollars per paycheck. 
On April 15, 2014 Lyle Sheldon was found guilty by the Federal government (EEOC) for firing, retaliating and punishing employees with disabilities.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors, Dr. Roger E. Schneider, is an unlicensed non-board certified surgeon, who was found negligent in $3.5 million malpractice
lawsuit, leaving a female patient paralyzed for life. 
In 2013, Upper Chesapeake Health hospital was found guilty of a patient's death and was ordered to pay close to a million dollars in damages and restitution. 
Civista Medical Center.
In July 2011, Civista Medical Center announced its affiliation as a member hospital of the University of Maryland Medical System (UMMS). On July 1, 2013, the Civista Medical Center began operating under the name University of Maryland Charles Regional Medical Center in the University of Maryland Medical System, becoming the first expansion of UMMS in the Washington, DC metropolitan area.
University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center.
This is a recently acquired (December 2012) 300-bed hospital (formerly owned by Catholic Health Initiatives) that is the first hospital in Towson, Maryland to be acquired by University of Maryland Medical System and initiates a presence for the first time in Towson and northern Baltimore County. The hospital prior to its acquisition had money issues and lost many longtime patients in their cardiology department due to multiple lawsuits filed against St. Joseph's against their former star cardiologist Mark Medei over the issue of heart stents.
Economic Impact.
The University of Maryland Medical System is the third largest private employer in the Baltimore metropolitan area and one of the top 20 employers in the state, and makes a significant contribution to the state economy of Maryland.
UMMS's operations account for nearly $3.5 billion in economic activity in the state. This includes Medical System expenditures of $1.9 billion, as well as $738 million in purchases of supplies and services and $908 million in spending from household income. 
Besides directly employing 14,800 individuals (99 percent of whom are Maryland residents), UMMS indirectly supports an estimated 13,400 additional jobs through purchases of goods and services—for a total of 28,200 Maryland jobs. These 28,200 employed individuals earn $1.5 billion and pay $54 million in state income and sales taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="5956526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956526" title="Water stagnation">
Water stagnation

Water stagnation occurs when water stops flowing. Stagnant water can be a major environmental hazard. it can cause mosquitoes to breed and reproduce that may lead to dengue.
Dangers.
Malaria and dengue are among the main dangers of stagnant water, which can become a breeding ground for the mosquitoes that transmit these diseases.
Stagnant water can be dangerous for drinking because it provides a better incubator than running water for many kinds of bacteria and parasites. Stagnant water is often contaminated with human and animal feces, particularly in deserts or other areas of low rain.
Causes and prevention.
Stagnant water may be classified into the following basic, although overlapping, types:
To avoid ground and surface water stagnation, drainage of surface and subsoil is advised. Areas with a shallow water table are more susceptible to ground water stagnation due to the lower availability of natural soil drainage.
Excessive watering may cause ground or surface water stagnation.
Life that may thrive in stagnant water.
Some plants prefer flowing water, while others, such as lotuses, prefer stagnant water.
Various anaerobic bacteria are commonly found in stagnant water. For this reason, pools of stagnant water have historically been used in processing hemp and some other fiber crops, as well as linden bark used for making bast shoes. Several weeks of soaking makes bast fibers easily separable due to bacterial and fermentative processes known as retting.
Insects.
Stagnant water is the favorite breeding ground for a number of insects.

</doc>
<doc id="5956531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956531" title="Coronation Street sets">
Coronation Street sets

The sets of the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" have changed since first broadcast in December 1960. The current set is based at the ITV Trafford Wharf Studios backlot, MediaCityUK in Salford.
As of , it consists of early 20th-century terraced houses, with a public house, The Rovers Return, at one end, and a corner shop at the other. The other side of the street consists of a factory, two shop units, a garage and three semi-detached houses, all appearing to have been constructed in the late 1980s.
1960–1982.
From 1960 until 1968, the complete set of "Coronation Street" (house interiors and exteriors) was erected inside one of Granada Television's studios in central Manchester, with the houses reduced in scale to 3/4. This small set was awkward for the actors, who had to walk more slowly than normal to appear in scale with the houses. There are a number of reasons for the use of an indoor studio; the main one being that the infancy of production techniques at the time did not allow easy recording and editing of sequences filmed in different locations. It was not until 1967 that editing techniques had improved enough to allow "Coronation Street" to be filmed on separate interior and exterior sets.
The studios were not big enough for the entire street to be erected at once, so it was split into two halves. The pavements and cobbled street were painted onto the studio floor. Despite the limitations of the cramped studio set, some complex and dramatic scenes were filmed there. These include the collapse of Number 7 in 1965, and two years later, a special-effects-laden storyline involving a train crash; the viewers did not know if stalwart Ena Sharples was dead under the rubble.
In 1967, Granada Television made the decision to build an outside set. This new set was built on some old railway sidings near Granada Studios, and coincided with a storyline of the demolition of Elliston's Raincoat Factory and the Mission Hall, and the subsequent building of maisonettes opposite the terrace.
"Coronation Street's" 1968 set was not all that different from the interior version previously used, with the wooden facades that had been used in the studio simply being erected on the new site. The only real change seen on screen was natural light illuminating the street for the first time. In late 1968 the Street was constructed in brick, with roofs and back yards added later. The set was still reduced in scale and quite cramped and even though the pavements and cobbled street were now real, the cobbles were not parallel to the houses, and ran diagonally down the street. The first exterior set was referred to as "the coldest place on earth". by actors and crew since they disliked working on it due to a near-constant wind which blew directly down the street. Filming on the new exterior set was kept to a minimum, not only because the actors disliked the set, but because of the high cost of using film for exterior sequences.
The site later became the New York Street at the now-closed Granada Studios Tour complex. The site of New York Street set has been used again in Coronation Street, notably for Davenports (the firm Sally Webster worked for when she embarked on an affair with her boss, Ian Davenport); the strip club where Lloyd Mullaney met Cheryl Gray and also as the location for Weatherfield's tram stop where Izzy Armstrong was mugged in 2011. In 2012 the site featured as the location of a casino and another strip club in which the character Kylie Platt ("née" Granger) was working.
1982–2013.
In 1982 an almost full-size exterior street was built in the Granada backlot, with the cobbles running in the correct direction. The new set was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in 1982.
Since it was intended to be permanent, the houses were constructed from reclaimed Salford brick and roof slates to give an authentic look. The buildings are not complete, most lacking interior walls. The chimneys are made of fibreglass since there is insufficient support for brick ones. The building interiors are used as offices for writers and as store rooms for props used in outdoor shooting, aside from the take away, butcher shop and Barlow's Buys, which are built so that filming can be done inside them. However, in preparation for the switch to High Definition, the chimneys are now made of real brick. 
In the following years staircases were added inside the doors of the houses. A number of Granada tower blocks dominate the skyline around the set. These are usually obscured through careful camera angles.
The door next to Audrey's salon leads to a flat above the salon itself, which is actually the supporting artists green room, and consists of two simple rooms, one with chairs and a sink/wash area for extras, and the other used as a costume change area.
Towards the end of the 1980s scenes filmed on the exterior set became more numerous after the show's location work switched from film to videotape in 1988, although some outdoor video shooting, using large, tethered cameras, had been trialled as early as 1977. More trials were conducted with a PSC (portable single camera) unit for the Rovers Return fire episode in 1986.
1989 saw large development of the "Coronation Street" set. The factory and Community Centre which had occupied the site since 1971 were demolished. Three new houses, two shop units, a garage and a factory were built on the site. These developments were the idea of new executive producer David Liddiment.
When the Granada Studios Tour was closed in 1999 the exterior set was extended and updated. The derelict Graffiti Club on Rosamund Street was revamped and reopened as a medical centre/surgery. A new street, Victoria Street, was built to house three shops and two houses. A builders' yard backing onto the betting shop was built. To obscure one of the Granada Television buildings a new viaduct was built on Rosamund Street. This sits behind the Rovers and parallel to Coronation Street; this introduced an error, as it does not appear in the opening titles aerial shots of Coronation Street. The "viaduct" is actually a façade with an optical illusion to make it look complete. A backdrop of some Salford streets was erected in 2005 allowing shots to be filmed looking up Rosamund Street and creating the illusion of other dwellings further along that street.
At the end of Coronation Street there is a fictitious tramline which has seen CGI trams used over it in the past (notably the opening titles and when Kelly Crabtree left the long running drama.) The storyline for December 2010 ("Coronation Street"'s fiftieth anniversary) showed the viaduct collapse, sending the tram onto the cobbles, demolishing the Kabin and the Corner Shop in the process.
On 20 December 2013 the final scenes were filmed at Quay Street, and the set re-opened on 5 April 2014, when it became a tourist attraction.
ITV Trafford Wharf set (2013-).
In March 2009, it was confirmed that Coronation Street would stay on the current Quay Street site "for the foreseeable future". Following a change of hands at ITV management, talks between ITV and The Peel Group for the move to the Trafford Park site reopened in January 2010. In December 2010, it was announced that the proposed move was now to take place.
Construction began in September 2011 after the area next to the Imperial War Museum North was surveyed for any possible World War II bomb threats, the studios are being constructed by MACE group (the actual set by Askam Construction) and construction is set to be completed by 2013, the set will be built to a greater scale than the Granada TV set and will have several changes to the structure of the street and the surrounding areas.
Despite the houses being built to be a more realistic scale than at the present site it is believed filming will still be completely studio based for the majority of interior scenes. The interior sets for Barlow's Buys, the Prima Doner kebab shop and the Elliot & Son butchers will also be filmed within the actual building like the previous set. The Underworld factory and Street Cars will also join them and be filmed within the exterior. The Underworld factory was previously filmed within its building on the backlot at Granada Studios. Furthermore, for the first time in the show's history, The Rovers Return will have a partial interior to allow camera shots looking into the exit to the rear yard and smoking area.
On 29 November 2013 the new set was officially unveiled. At the press launch - ITV announced that an hour-long documentary entitled "Coronation Street - A Moving Story" will air which will accompany the shows set move to MediaCityUK. Filmed over two years, the programme reveals how the new production base was planned and built. The documentary also features interviews from cast and crew members. "Coronation Street- A Moving Story" aired on 6 March 2014 on ITV. On 9 March 2014 ITV announced that the opening title sequence had been updated slightly. The new titles now feature the updated exteriors to; The Rovers Return Inn, D&S Alahan's Corner Shop, and Nick's Bistro, interior scenes have been screened and exterior scenes at the new set first aired on March 10, 2014.
Interior filming and sets.
The majority of interior scenes are shot in the adjoining purpose-built studio, Stage One. The Stage One soundstage was constructed in 1990 next to the exterior set and it was the first time that the actors were given their own dressing-rooms. The interior sets were also moved into Stage One, with the Rovers, café and shops being erected permanently. The interior sets for the houses are constructed as required. The Stage One complex includes make-up and costume areas, and a Green Room.
The development of Stage One was as a result of the policy of then-producers David Liddiment and Mervyn Watson to update the show's production techniques. The changes they introduced are still used as of 2010, although the schedules are much tighter due to the higher number of episodes now produced. This leaves almost no time for rehearsal or blocking and most scenes are shot very quickly. The resultant need for additional studio capacity meant the opening of Stage Two, located next to The Bonded Warehouse on the ITV site in what used to be the Baker Street building.
In an episode of "Coronation Street" in 2010 an editing error meant viewers could see "outside" via No. 5's (Fiz and John Stapes' house) kitchen window showing what would be a "supporting" wall (quite possibly the painted brick wall backdrop) leaning against the studio walls. In another episode where Graham Proctor announced his relationship to Tina McIntyre's ex, David Platt, a brief shot of the Platts' kitchen showed no ceiling above it. It is not the first time such errors have occurred: in one episode where Alan Bradley attacked Rita Fairclough, viewers could see a studio light in what should be No. 7's backyard.
Furthermore, the layouts of the interior sets would be unfeasible in the exterior sets. For example, the two windows by the fireplace in the Rover's interior set don't exist on the outdoor set; the stairs to the living quarters of the Rovers have changed from right to left to left to right, the toilets would be in Ken Barlow's house and the back room would be in the middle of Rosamund Street.
Whilst filming takes place on the interior sets, any actors appearing to walk outside (i.e. back onto the Street from The Kabin) have to stand around and remain quiet until filming has finished. This fact was revealed in the 15 May issue of "TV Times" magazine.
Whereas The Rovers Return was previously an empty shell on the backlot at Granada Studios a partial interior has been constructed within the new pub at the drama serial's new home over at Trafford Wharf. This was shown on screen by actor Simon Gregson (who plays Steve McDonald) during the ITV programme "Coronation Street: A Moving Story", documenting the two year process of constructing the new set build.
Architecture of Coronation Street.
The architecture of Coronation Street was based on Archie Street, Ordsall, an area of Salford which has long been demolished. Archie Street appeared in the programme's original opening credits.
There is an Archie Street in Salford today, but not on the site of the original - which stood near St Clement's Church, Ordsall.
The original Archie Street was part Of Ordsall and now part of Salford Quays is on the site. There is, however, a 15-metre stretch of the street's cobbles still there and there is even a street sign just off Trafford Road.
The original Archie Street is pictured on the Real 1970s website. The picture shows the street shortly before it was demolished in 1971. The site includes a picture of an adjacent church which still stands as of 2010.
Weatherfield life - the changing face of Coronation Street.
According to the show's backstory the fictional Coronation Street was built in 1902, and named after the coronation of King Edward VII. The row of terraced houses is the only part of the street to remain relatively unaltered since 1902. The only real structural change to the terrace was in 1965 when number 7 collapsed due to old mine-workings under it. After the collapse the site remained vacant, with a park bench placed in the gap between numbers 5 and 9. A new house was constructed on the site in 1982.
The other side of the street has been the site of several different building developments. The original Hardcastle's Mill building constructed in 1882 was the location of Elliston's Raincoat Factory in the series. The building was demolished in 1968 along with the Glad Tidings Mission Hall, to make way for new maisonette houses. This three-storey building comprised four three-bedroom duplexes, accessed from ground level, and three OAP ground floor-flats. The maisonettes were demolished in 1971 after a structural fault was identified following a fire and were replaced by the Mark Brittain Warehouse and a new community centre. 1989 saw a radical redevelopment of Coronation Street when the factory and community centre were demolished and replaced by three new houses, two shop units, a garage and a factory. They all stood until 2010, when a derailed tram crashed through both D&S Alahan's and The Kabin. After the tram crash, they were rebuilt to be roughly the same as they were before and remain standing to this day.
Production areas in the Granada Studios Backlot.
Prop vehicle parking.
Parking for the Prop vehicles are located where you would expect the West end of Crimea Street to be. This is where most cars, buses and other vehicles are seen to be heading towards when leaving the street via Viaduct Street, however those that leave via Victoria Street are in reality heading to a dead end, where the Granada Bonded Warehouse is.
Stage One.
Features the interior sets for The Rovers Returns and No. 1 Coronation Street, among others. The Rovers Return is permanently erected due to the set's constant use. During the Coronation Street: The Tour, visitors get to see inside The Rovers Return as well as Carla Connor's former apartment, Numbers 8 and 9 Coronation Street and also Underworld.
Stage Two.
Once featured the interior set of No. 13 Coronation Street among others. The entrance to Stage Two is between some flats on Victoria Street and Victoria Court.

</doc>
<doc id="5956543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956543" title="Fowler's position">
Fowler's position

In medicine, Fowler's position is a standard patient position. It is an intervention used to promote oxygenation via maximum chest expansion and is implemented during events of respiratory distress. Fowler's position facilitates the relaxing of tension of the abdominal muscles, allowing for improved breathing. In immobile patients and infants, the Fowler's position alleviates compression of the chest due that occurs due to gravity. Fowler's position increases comfort during eating and other activities, is used in postpartum women to improve uterine drainage, and in infants when signs of respiratory distress present. The patient is placed in a semi-upright sitting position (45-60 degrees) and may have knees either bent or straight. Fowler's position is also used when oral or nasal gastric feeding tubes have been implemented as it minimizes the risk of aspiration. Peristalsis and swallowing are aided by the effect of gravitational pull.
There are several types of Fowler's positions: Low, Semi, Standard, and High Fowler's. Low Fowler's position is when the head of bed is elevated 15-30 degrees, Semi-Fowler's position is 30-45 degrees, Standard Fowler's is 45-60 degrees, and High Fowler's position is 80-90 degrees.
It is named for George Ryerson Fowler.

</doc>
<doc id="5956556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956556" title="Oley">
Oley

Oley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956568" title="Smithfield, Toronto">
Smithfield, Toronto

Smithfield is part of the Rexdale neighbourhood in the northwestern area of Etobicoke, in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Some new residents to Toronto and new immigrants to Canada are attracted to this neighbourhood, mainly because there is a large amount of affordable public housing. It is named after the former village of Smithfield that was located at the intersection of Albion and Martin Grove.
The neighbourhood covers the residential areas of Etobicoke north of the west branch of the Humber River and west of Kipling Avenue. The west and north of the neighbourhood are large industrial areas. For social purposes, the city identifies the neighbourhood as Mount Olive-Silverstone-Jamestown, named for three streets in the area. Mount Olive is the name given to the area north of Albion Road between Kipling and Martin Grove. Jamestown is the part of the community south of Albion between Kipling and Martin Grove. Silverstone covers the area west of Martin Grove and north of Finch. The northernmost section of the neighbourhood, above the hydro right of way, is known as South Steeles. The western projection of the area running along the south side of Finch is known as Woodbine Downs.
Character.
The community, once home to a large Anglo-Saxon population, experienced a large influx of citizens from Eastern Europe, Asia, and the Caribbean. The impact of the various cultures has led to a communal diversity that can be said to be unparallelled in any area of such small size. The North Albion Collegiate Institute, located on Kipling and Mount Olive, has for years held showcases for the Asian and South East Asian Communities, attracting audiences from far and wide. Directly across the street, the St. Andrews School and Father Henry Carr Secondary School reflect the Catholic tradition and culture that is shared by many resident Filipinos, Assyrians, and Chaldeans.
The Albion Centre (formerly known as "Shoppers World Albion") Is the main shopping mall in the area. Containing a variety of small boutiques and stores, the Albion Centre also contains such franchises as Pizza Pizza, Canadian Tire, and Shoppers Drug Mart. The Albion Cinemas have been operating since before 1994 and are still in operation. The cinemas, well known for their broadcasts of modern Bollywood/Indian/Asian films, have attracted many to this location.
In May 2006, Toronto Police apprehended 106 members of the "Jamestown Crew" in the largest gang sweep in Toronto's history. In total, there were over 1,000 charges laid in the anti-gang offensive called "Project XXX". Sometimes known by the nickname Doomstown because of its reputation as a poor neighbourhood ridden with gang violence, the neighbourhood was the setting of the 2006 Canadian television movie "Doomstown".

</doc>
<doc id="5956574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956574" title="Administrative Science">
Administrative Science

Administrative Science may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956575" title="Football Federation of the 1st Department Concepción">
Football Federation of the 1st Department Concepción

The Football Federation of the 1st Department Concepción ("Federación de Fútbol Primer Departamento Concepción") is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of Concepción, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of Concepción.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in Concepción.
Liga Concepcionera de Fútbol.
The Liga Concepcionera de Fútbol is based in the city of Concepción. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Horqueteña de Fútbol.
The Liga Horqueteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Horqueta. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Loreteña de Fútbol.
The Liga Loreteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Loreto. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Vallemi.
The Liga Deportiva Vallemi is based in the city of Vallemi. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Ybyyauense de Fútbol.
The Liga Ybyyauense de Fútbol is based in the city of Yby Yaú. The following teams are part of this league:

</doc>
<doc id="5956592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956592" title="Texas State Highway 107">
Texas State Highway 107

State Highway 107 or SH 107 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Mission to Combes in Deep South Texas.
Route description.
SH 107 begins at an intersection with Interstate 2/US Route 83 in Mission and travels north through the center of town. It reaches an intersection with the old routing of US 83 and Texas State Highway 495 in Mission before exiting to the north. It passes through Palmhurst and Alton before turning right on Mile 7 Road. It then travels east through McAllen into downtown Edinburg, where it intersects the Business Route of US Route 281 and then I-69C/US 281 just to the east. It continues east through rural farmlands, passing through the towns of Elsa, Edcouch, and La Villa. The route then turns southeast into Cameron County, passing through Santa Rosa. The then turn back to the east, reaching the intersection of Business Route 77 and the eastern terminus at I-69E/US 77 in Combes.
History.
The highway was originally planned from Santa Anna to Rockwood by 1926. By 1928, this became an extension of SH 4. It was designated from Combes to Edinburg by 1933, and was complete by 1936. It was extended west then south through Mission to Hidalgo in 1939, absorbing State Highway 250. The route has changed little since then, with only the stretch from Mission to Hidalgo being transferred to FM 1016 in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5956598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956598" title="Second Battle of Deep Bottom">
Second Battle of Deep Bottom

The Second Battle of Deep Bottom, also known as Fussell's Mill (particularly in the South), New Market Road, Bailey's Creek, Charles City Road, or White's Tavern was fought August 14–20 1864, at Deep Bottom in Henrico County, Virginia, during the Richmond-Petersburg Campaign (Siege of Petersburg) of the American Civil War.
During the night of August 13–14, a force under the command of Maj. Gen. Winfield S. Hancock crossed the James River at Deep Bottom to threaten Richmond and attract Confederate forces away from the Petersburg, Virginia, trenches and the Shenandoah Valley. On August 14, the X Corps closed on New Market Heights while the II Corps extended the Federal line to the right along Bailey's Creek. During the night, the X Corps was moved to the right flank of the Union line near Fussell's Mill. On August 16, Union assaults near the mill were initially successful, but Confederate counterattacks drove the Federals back. After days of indecisive skirmishing, the Federals returned to the south side of the James on the night of August 20. The Confederates achieved their objective of driving back the Union threat, but at a cost of diluting their forces as the Union had hoped.
Background.
Deep Bottom is the colloquial name for an area of the James River in Henrico County southeast of Richmond, Virginia, at a horseshoe-shaped bend in the river known as Jones Neck. It was so-named because of the depth of the river bottom at that point. It was a convenient crossing point from the Bermuda Hundred area on the south side of the river.
Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant began a siege of the city of Petersburg, Virginia, after initial assaults on the Confederate lines, June 15–18, 1864, failed to break through. While Union cavalry conducted the Wilson-Kautz Raid (June 22 – July 1) in an attempt to cut the railroad lines leading into Petersburg, Grant and his generals planned a renewed assault on the Petersburg fortifications.
In the First Battle of Deep Bottom, July 27–29, Grant sent a force under Maj. Gens. Winfield S. Hancock and Philip H. Sheridan on an expedition threatening Richmond and its railroads, intending to attract Confederate troops away from the Petersburg defensive line. The Union infantry and cavalry force was unable to break through the Confederate fortifications at Bailey's Creek and Fussell's Mill and was withdrawn, but it achieved its desired effect of momentarily reducing Confederate strength at Petersburg. The planned attack on the fortifications went ahead on July 30, but the resulting Battle of the Crater was an embarrassing Union defeat, a fiasco of mismanaged resources by Grant's subordinates at a heavy cost in casualties.
On the same day the Union failed at the Crater, Confederate Lt. Gen. Jubal A. Early was burning the town of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, as he operated out of the Shenandoah Valley, threatening towns in Maryland and Pennsylvania, as well as the District of Columbia. Gen. Robert E. Lee was concerned about actions that Grant might take against Early, and in fact Grant in the first week of August designated Phil Sheridan to command a consolidated Army of the Shenandoah to challenge Early with almost 40,000 men. Lee sent the infantry division of Maj. Gen. Joseph B. Kershaw from Lt. Gen. Richard H. Anderson's corps and the cavalry division commanded by Maj. Gen. Fitzhugh Lee to Culpeper, Virginia, where they could either provide aid to Early or be recalled to the Richmond-Petersburg front as needed. Grant misinterpreted this movement and assumed that Anderson's entire corps had been removed from the vicinity of Richmond, leaving only about 8,500 men north of the James River. He determined to try again with an advance toward the Confederate capital. This would either prevent reinforcements from aiding Early or once again dilute the Confederate strength in the defensive lines around Petersburg.
Once again, Hancock would be the senior general on the expedition. On August 13, the X Corps, commanded by Maj. Gen. David B. Birney, Brig. Gen. David McM. Gregg's cavalry division, and Hancock's II Corps artillery crossed pontoon bridges from Bermuda Hundred to Deep Bottom. Meanwhile, the remainder of the II Corps conducted a ruse to make the Confederates think that Hancock was being sent north to reinforce Sheridan. After a grueling march through oppressive heat to City Point—a march during which a number of the men were felled by heat stroke—they embarked on ships and steamed toward the Chesapeake Bay, many of individual soldiers unaware of their actual destination. A tugboat followed the flotilla and brought new orders, which caused the transport ships to turn around and deposit the II Corps at Deep Bottom the night of August 13–14. The landings were not managed well and fell behind schedule; Grant's staff had not arranged for adequate wharves to handle the deep-water steamers.
Battle.
August 14.
After all of his troops were across the James on August 14, Hancock positioned Birney's X Corps on the left, Hancock's 3rd Division of II Corps, under Brig. Gen. Gershom Mott, in the center, and Hancock's 1st and 2nd Divisions, under Brig. Gen. Francis C. Barlow (temporarily commanding in the absence of Maj. Gen. John Gibbon), on the right. Birney was ordered to demonstrate against New Market Heights while the II Corps divisions attempted to turn the Confederate left. Mott was to push forward on the New Market Road toward Richmond, Barlow to attack Fussell's Mill on the Darbytown Road, and Gregg's cavalry to cover the right flank of the army and look for an opportunity to race into Richmond. Birney's troops successfully pushed aside pickets on the Kingsland Road, but were stopped by the fortifications on New Market Heights. The II Corps units moved slowly into position, suffering numerous deaths from heat stroke.
It was not until midday on August 14 that Barlow's men made contact with the Confederates, manning rifle pits on the Darbytown Road just north of the Long Bridge Road. The Union generals were surprised at the Confederate strength. In Birney's and Mott's fronts, a full Confederate division commanded by Maj. Gen. Charles W. Field was dug in. Chaffin's Bluff was defended by a division under Maj. Gen. Cadmus M. Wilcox and reinforcements were arriving. Because of Barlow's slow approach in the heat, the Confederates had time to reinforce the Fussell's Mill area with a section of howitzers and Brig. Gen. George T. Anderson's Georgia brigade. Hancock had intended for Barlow's to be his primary attack and instructed him to employ sufficient mass along the Darbytown Road. Instead Barlow formed a wide line that reached as far as Mott's right flank. Because of this extension and the thick woods through which they had to advance, Barlow's 10,000 men in the two divisions were left with only a single brigade attacking Fussell's Mill. Those men were able to drive away two Confederate cavalry regiments from Brig. Gen. Martin W. Gary's brigade at the mill, but Anderson's brigade repulsed it. When Field took Anderson's brigade from his right flank, it weakened the line in front of Birney's corps, which moved forward and occupied some of the Confederate entrenchments and captured four guns.
Although the Union attacks had been generally unsuccessful, they had some of the effect Grant desired. Lee became convinced that the threat against Richmond was a serious one and he began moving troops to the front. He dispatched two infantry brigades of Maj. Gen. William Mahone's division and the cavalry divisions of Maj. Gen. Wade Hampton and W.H.F. "Rooney" Lee. Grant ordered Hancock to resume his attacks on August 15 and Hancock decided to continue with his emphasis on the Confederate left. He ordered Birney's corps to make a night march to join Barlow's end of the line. Although it was raining that night, the oppressive heat continued and more than a third of Birney's men fell out of the column.
August 15–16.
Birney's movement was delayed by difficult terrain for most of August 15 and Hancock's plan for an early morning attack had to be abandoned. They reached Fussell's Mill around 1 p.m. and Birney spent the entire afternoon performing a reconnaissance while his men recovered from their march. After this, Birney judged that it was too late in the day to attack.
Early on the morning of August 16, Gregg's cavalry swept to the right to Glendale and then rode northwest on the Charles City Road toward Richmond. They found Rooney Lee's cavalry division blocking the road and a full day of fighting resulted. The Union cavalrymen drove the enemy as far as White's Tavern, but were eventually pushed back to Fisher's Farm. Confederate Brig. Gen. John R. Chambliss was killed during the fighting. The infantrymen of the X Corps had a better start to the day, as Brig. Gen. Alfred H. Terry's division, led by Col. Francis Bates Pond's brigade, broke through the Confederate line. Wright's Brigade, commanded by newly promoted Brig. Gen. Victor Girardey, was hit hard and retreated, opening a significant gap. Girardey was killed by a bullet in the head while brandishing the colors of the 64th Georgia. Field later wrote, "Not only the day but Richmond seemed to be gone." The heavily wooded terrain prevented Birney and Hancock from understanding that they had reached a position of advantage and they were unable to exploit it before Field rearranged his lines to fill the gap and drive back the Federals. Col. William C. Oates led two Alabama regiments in the initial counterattack and was wounded. Robert E. Lee had arrived north of the James by this time and witnessed the action.
August 17–20.
No fighting occurred on August 17 and a truce was called to allow the two sides to retrieve their dead and wounded. Lee planned a counterattack against the Union right for 11 a.m. on August 18, a cavalry attack on the Charles City Road accompanied by an infantry attack at Fussell's Mill. The effort was poorly coordinated and the cavalry was not ready to move until 5 p.m. Neither the cavalry nor the infantry made any significant gains before dark. That night Hancock sent a II Corps division back to Petersburg to man a part of the trench line while other units were sent from there to the Battle of Globe Tavern at the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad south of the city. By the night of August 20, having observed no more actions by Robert E. Lee, Hancock withdrew his force back over the James.
Aftermath.
Union casualties were approximately 2,900 men, some due to heat stroke. Confederate casualties were 1,500. General Gregg, Brig. Gen. John R. Chambliss's classmate at West Point, took charge of the cavalryman's body and later sent it through the lines to Chambliss's widow. As at the First Battle of Deep Bottom, the Federal assault had failed against a smaller defensive force. However, the operation had compelled General Lee to detach forces from Petersburg and Bermuda Hundred to deal with the Union advance, preventing him as well from reinforcing Early in the Shenandoah Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5956610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956610" title="Pierrette Venne">
Pierrette Venne

Pierrette Venne (born 8 August 1945 in Beauharnois, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 2003. By career, she is a lawyer.
Venne was elected in the Saint-Hubert electoral district under the Progressive Conservative party in the 1988 general election. The riding was recently created from a restructuring of two former ridings. She was re-elected in Saint-Hubert in the 1993 general election, and was also re-elected in 1997 and 2000 when the riding was renamed Saint-Bruno—Saint-Hubert. Her term of office would cover the 34th, 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments.
She left the Conservatives to join the Bloc Québécois party on 12 August 1991. On 7 February 2003 she was ejected from the Bloc after she made critical comments about party leader Gilles Duceppe. Venne remained in Parliament until the end of her term after which she left politics.
Electoral record.
 

</doc>
<doc id="5956616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956616" title="2nd White Cloth Hall">
2nd White Cloth Hall

The 2nd White Cloth hall was a marketplace for the sale of undyed cloth in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. 
It was built south of the river, between Meadow Lane and Hunslet Lane in 1756 to replace the 1st White Cloth Hall of 1711. The 2nd cloth hall was much larger than its predecessor but it only served 20 years until the construction of the enormous 3rd White Cloth Hall.
The building was demolished in 1786, only 30 years after its construction. The only part of the building to survive was the cupola which was transferred to the 3rd White Cloth Hall. 

</doc>
<doc id="5956622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956622" title="Don't Break My Heart (La Toya Jackson song)">
Don't Break My Heart (La Toya Jackson song)

"Don't Break My Heart" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, which features a rap and background vocals by Tom Beser. It was Jackson's last single release of the 1990s.
The 5" maxi single features seven mixes and a special German message from Jackson.
Jackson, having recently divorced, stepped out of the project before the release, and Beser promoted the record on German TV show "Arabella" with an impersonator. Jackson returned to U.S. charts with the 2004 hit "Just Wanna Dance".

</doc>
<doc id="5956623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956623" title="The No Limit Soldiers">
The No Limit Soldiers

The No Limit Soldiers were a stable in World Championship Wrestling that was created after rapper Master P signed with the company. The Soldiers feuded extensively with the West Texas Rednecks.
History.
The relationship between WCW and Master P was supposed to be a symbiotic one, with WCW getting exposure with fans of hip hop music, and Master P getting his cousin Swoll a break in the wrestling business on top of getting paid.
Although the Soldiers were packaged as a face stable, they failed to connect with the mostly Southern WCW audience. In Master P's first and only appearance on WCW Television, (against the suggestion of the bookers and other wrestlers) he bullied heel wrestler Curt Hennig by rejecting a present he gave to Silkk The Shocker (a custom made cowboy hat) and then assaulting him with a birthday cake. This was perceived as a heel action by the fans and produced a lack of reaction due to confusion because Hennig was a hated heel, but being bullied by a group of people promoted as faces. Master P himself was disappointed with the reaction and blamed it on the racial makeup of the WCW audiences, claiming he would have gotten a bigger reaction from the crowd if more of "his people" were in attendance. P wouldn't be seen on TV to support the angle after the segment. It is reported that P received $200,000 per appearance for his short participation in WCW.
Hennig himself would put together his own small stable of "rap haters" called the West Texas Rednecks. Even with backup, the Soldiers outnumbered Hennig's group by nearly 2-1. Another setback for the Soldiers was that they consisted mainly of unestablished rookies and repackaged veterans, with very few members who connected with the fans. On the other end, the Rednecks played to the crowds with songs like "Rap is Crap" and winning matches against the odds. All these factors made the Rednecks the faces in the feud by the fans' estimation, especially in the South where WCW's core audience came from.
Aftermath.
After their feud with the Rednecks, the Soldiers fell by the wayside as a highly utilized stable. Konnan and Rey Mysterio Jr. moved on to form the Filthy Animals, while the rest of them appeared mainly on "WCW Saturday Night" and feuded with The First Family. Swoll and 4x4 would be used on prime time wrestling one more time, when they were one-time bodyguards for Dennis Rodman during his feud with "Macho Man" Randy Savage.
When WCW management decided not to renew the contracts of Swoll and 4x4 (Chase had inexplicably disappeared sometime earlier), they made the unusual decision to acknowledge this decision on the air, working it into the storyline of the feud between Armstrong and the First Family. BA returned to wrestling under his ringname Brad Armstrong, and 4x4 went on to become a part of Harlem Heat 2000 under the name Kash.

</doc>
<doc id="5956634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956634" title="Television Parts">
Television Parts

Michael Nesmith in Television Parts is a summer TV series run by NBC in 1985. It was a 30-minute comedy-variety series created by Michael Nesmith as a continuation of his Grammy Award-winning video production "Elephant Parts", and earlier series PopClips. The first episode was a stand-alone television special which aired on March 7, 1985. The following series premiered on June 14, 1985.
The show was a mix of music videos (by both himself and others) mixed in with comedy sketches, commercial parodies, and general silliness. It was hosted by Nesmith himself, who also participated in many of the sketches. "Television Parts" also featured guest appearances by a number of comedians, including Martin Mull, Whoopi Goldberg, Jay Leno, Jerry Seinfeld, Bill Martin, The Funny Boys and Garry Shandling, whose appearance on the show was the seed for "It's Garry Shandling's Show". One of the show's featured pieces, "Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey" was later picked up by "Saturday Night Live".
The show was cancelled after one short summer season that same year. It would return in 1985 as two separate home video releases on VHS and Betamax, "Television Parts Home Companion" and "Dr. Duck's Super Secret All-Purpose Sauce". The first was a 40-minute compilation of original show featuring the comedy skits and music by Michael Nesmith only. "Dr. Duck's Super Secret All-Purpose Sauce" was a 90-minute montage of sketch comedy with a variety of stars and music videos (none by Nesmith). The stars included Bobcat Goldthwait, Ed Begley, Jr., Jimmy Buffett, Rosanne Cash, Whoopi Goldberg, Jay Leno, Jerry Seinfeld and Garry Shandling.

</doc>
<doc id="5956636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956636" title="Webster A. Young">
Webster A. Young

Webster A. Young is a composer of ballets and operas. He is the artistic director of the "Long Island Opera Company".

</doc>
<doc id="5956645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956645" title="South Carolina Highway 61">
South Carolina Highway 61

South Carolina Highway 61 is a long highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway is designated on an east–west direction, from U.S. Route 78 near Branchville to South Carolina Highway 30 in Charleston. The portion of Highway 61 from Church Creek Bridge and ten miles (16 km) north is designated a National Scenic Byway. 
Route description.
St. Andrew's Boulevard.
The east-most section of Highway 61 is named St. Andrew's Boulevard. This section runs from Highway 17 to Highway 171. It is mostly residential buildings that have been rezoned commercial.
Ashley River Road.
Ashley River Road is the portion of Highway 61 that runs through Charleston near the Ashley River from Highway 171 to SC 165. It is four lanes near Sam Rittenberg Blvd., but becomes two lanes through the scenic stretch. Along the two-lane stretch, there are many large oaks and historic plantations. The Highway 61/Ashley River Road exit from I-526 actually exits onto Paul Cantrell Boulevard.
Points of interest along Ashley River Road:
Beech Hill Road.
Beech Hill Road is the section of Highway 61 that runs from Highway 165 to Highway 17A. The Legend Oaks Plantation is south of this section of highway.
Augusta Highway.
Augusta Highway is the longest section of Highway 61 from Highway 17A to the west-most end of Highway 61 where it merges into Highway 78.
National Register of Historic Places.
Some or all of Ashley River Road was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 1993, it was included in the Ashley River Historic District.
Future Developments.
Developers continue to build more homes further and further down Ashley River Rd. A great deal of controversy was created about overdevelopment when the City of North Charleston annexed the 6,600-acre tract known as Watson Hill. The tract was sold by MeadWestvaco to private developers who then requested the annexation by North Charleston. The town of Summerville tried to rush an annexation to block North Charleston which ended in a court battle. Summerville later rescinded and backed away from its annexation attempt. The slump in the economy, 2008-2010, forced these developers to sell and the property was repurchased by MeadWestvaco. A plan for lower density development was then presented to North Charleston. It is obvious that more houses equates to more traffic on the already congested two-lane road. The people living in the homes want the road widened for them. Developers want it widened to justify building more homes. However, expanding the road will require the removal of many of the oak trees. Because the oaks are the reason that the highway was granted National Scenic Byway status, removal of the oaks will cause it to lose the status and lose National Scenic Byway Federal funding for maintenance.
A recent public meeting suggested that if development is to occur, instead of widening Ashley River Road to alleviate congestion, Glenn McConnell Parkway, also known as SC Highway 461, could be extended beyond its terminus at Bees Ferry Road. This is possible since Glenn McConnell Parkway runs parallel to Highway 61.

</doc>
<doc id="5956660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956660" title="Platinum Pied Pipers">
Platinum Pied Pipers

Platinum Pied Pipers is a Detroit-based hip hop and R&B group composed of producer Waajeed (Robert O'Bryant), and multi-instrumentalist Saadiq (Darnell Bolden, not to be confused with Raphael Saadiq). Their music usually features a rotating and varied array of artists.
Background.
The two met through rapper Baatin in 1992. Sometime in 2000, they decided to form a duo and began releasing 12"s and mixtapes. It was their collaboration with Dwele in 2003, however, called "Ridin' High" which caught the ears of music listeners, and set the stage for a full-length album. The pair have a rather distinctive mixture of sounds as, although Waajeed is primarily a hip hop producer, Saadiq is a protege of Motown producer Barrett Strong, making for a finely tuned middleground. As stated in interviews, the name "Platinum Pied Pipers" was chosen at random and has no connection to the Pied Piper folk tale. Since Detroit is their hometown, they have said that the city is very important to them.
Triple P.
Their debut album "Triple P" was eventually released in 2005 on Ubiquity Records and received a large amount of praise from people such as Gilles Peterson, and Questlove, who claimed to have listened to the album 7 times in a row. LA Weekly made it their "Pick of the Week" and said ""While made hip-hop for the streets with his act Slum Village, he's now making intergalactic soul with PPP... the Triple P's debut for Ubiquity has created a buzz in the air and a tremble on the dance floor"".
Other album highlights include a Latin-fueled version of “50 Ways to Leave Your Lover” featuring Rogiérs of Fibby Music, and a track with Detroit rapper Invincible.
Their newest album "Abundance" was released January 20, 2009. Wajeed stated: "...our tastes have changed—times have changed. It’s definitely a different record, but there are still a lot of similarities."

</doc>
<doc id="5956662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956662" title="Shark Week">
Shark Week

The Discovery Channel's Shark Week, first broadcast on July 17, 1987, is a weeklong series of feature television programs dedicated to sharks. Held annually, normally in July or August, "Shark Week" was originally developed to raise awareness and respect for sharks. It is the longest-running cable television programming event in history. Now broadcast in over 72 countries, "Shark Week" is promoted heavily via social networks like Facebook and Twitter.
Broadcasting.
In 2000, on Discovery Channel aired Shark Week Uncaged presented by famous zoologist Nigel Marven as a host.
In 2000, six million 3D Pulfrich glasses were distributed to viewers in the United States and Canada for an episode featuring an extinct giant shark, which had 3D segments.
In 2005, Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman from the Discovery Channel series "MythBusters" hosted Shark Week, and a two-hour "MythBusters" "Jaws Special" was premiered for the event.
In 2006, Mike Rowe from "Dirty Jobs" hosted, and two "Dirty Jobs" episodes were featured, titled "Jobs that Bite" and "Jobs that Bite...Harder". Also during the week, the Silver Spring, Maryland headquarters of the Discovery Channel was outfitted to resemble a giant shark.
In 2007, Discovery Channel celebrated "Shark Week's 20th Anniversary" hosted by Les Stroud, host of "Survivorman". The 20th anniversary included the launch of "Sharkrunners", a video game that uses GPS data from tagged sharks in the Pacific Ocean.
Shark Week 2008 ran from July 27 to August 2 and was hosted by both the "MythBusters" and Mike Rowe. Both a new MythBusters shark special and a shark-themed episode of "Dirty Jobs" premiered for the event.
2009's "Shark Week" began the evening of August 2.
Shark Week 2010, hosted by "The Late Late Show"s Craig Ferguson, began on August 1 and featured six brand-new shark specials. It was advertised by the second appearance of the giant inflatable shark attached to the Discovery Channel building nicknamed "Chompie". Shark Week 2010 was rated the most viewed Shark Week ever with 30.8 million unique viewers. "Shark Week" is now the longest-running program event on cable.
Shark Week 2011, hosted by Andy Samberg, began on July 31. It featured seven specials.
Shark Week 2012, hosted by Philip DeFranco, started August 12, 2012, at 8 p.m. CST. After being absent in 2011, "Chompie" the giant shark is once again being displayed on the Discovery Channel Building. To honor the series' 25th anniversary, viewers were encouraged to vote via Twitter or Facebook on which item a mechanical megalodon shark would crush with its hydraulic jaws in the "Shark Week Chompdown".
Shark Week 2013 began on Sunday, August 4. It began with , a fictitious documentary-style film which hypothesized the Megalodon shark existing in present times. Shark Week was heavily promoted by a popular ad in which a news program covers the return of "Snuffy The Seal" to the ocean only to see a shark jump out and devour the seal on camera.
Hosts.
The following are all of the hosts for "Shark Week":

</doc>
<doc id="5956667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956667" title="Cadman Plaza">
Cadman Plaza

Cadman Plaza is a park located on the border between the Brooklyn Heights historic neighborhood and Downtown Brooklyn in New York City. Named for Reverend Doctor Samuel Parkes Cadman (1864-1936), a renowned minister in the Brooklyn Congregational Church, it is built on land reclaimed by condemnation in 1935 and was named as a park in 1939. The park borders Cadman Plaza West and Cadman Plaza East and the west and east sides of the plaza, respectively.
Location.
The plaza is bounded by Cadman Plaza East (formerly Washington Street) and Cadman Plaza West (formerly Ferry Road or Fulton Road), and by the Brooklyn Bridge on the north and Tillary Street on the south. South of this park, between Tillary and Johnson Streets, lies the small Korean War Veterans Plaza. South of Johnson, the Kings County Supreme Court Building and Columbus Park, featuring a statue of Christopher Columbus, sit on land formerly used as a station for trolley cars. These parks, together with Whitman Park, form a mall from Brooklyn Borough Hall to the Brooklyn Bridge.
Memorials.
Gaynor Memorial.
A statue of William Jay Gaynor (1829–1913) is located in the northern end of Cadman Plaza Park. He was Mayor of New York City from 1910 to 1913. Beforehand, he was a journalist, a lawyer, and a New York Supreme Court justice, known for his tough stance on corruption. During his tenure as mayor, he tried to diminish the influence of Tammany Hall on city government. Gaynor was assassinated by an irate former civil servant in 1913. Gaynor was also well known for his social life, and he walked over the Brooklyn Bridge to New York City Hall and back to his home in Park Slope every day.
World War II Memorial.
Inspired by Parks Commissioner Robert Moses’s desire to provide a World War II monument to each boro, this monument was created. It is a granite and limestone memorial designed by Stuart Constable, Gilmore D. Clarke, and W. Earle Andrews, who worked in concert with the architectural firm of Eggers and Higgins.
The two larger-than-life sized high relief figures by sculptor Charles Keck (1875–1951) are located on the south facade, at opposite ends of the building. It honors Brooklynites who served in World War II. The full plan, however, was never fully built because of lack of funding.
At the time of its dedication, November 12, 1951, these were said to be the largest sculptures in New York City.
Two figures representing Victory and Family stand to the sides of the inscription which reads:
This memorial is dedicated to the heroic men and women of the borough of Brooklyn who fought for liberty in the second world war war 1941-1945 and especially to those who suffered and died may their sacrifice inspire future generations and lead to universal peace
The memorial includes a wall in the main auditorium inscribed with the names of 11,000 Brooklynites who died in the war.
The area is now used for Parks Department storage and is closed to the public.
The War Memorial was restored in 1977 and was intended to serve as a community facility for veterans’ groups and arts organizations. The building was actively used by committees of Community Board 2, ceremonies by veterans’ groups, musical groups, theater groups, exercise classes and more. However, this stopped in the early 80's and only one organization is left in the buildng
The last active use of the building may have been by Brooklyn College for art exhibits. In May 2006, however, the organization was evicted. In the 1980s, the city began using the granite and limestone building basement for storage.
Access is restricted and to view the plaques and list of names inside, relatives of World War II vets, must make appointments.
The condition of the building is poor. Park system estimates the building needs $20 million for staffing and renovations, including a wheelchair-accessible entrance and air conditioning. in 1987, the chairman of Community Board 2, signed an agreement with the Parks Department allocating $540,000 for an elevator and other improvements to the memorial. However, this work was never done.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5956696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956696" title="Hinterzarten">
Hinterzarten

Hinterzarten is a resort village in the Black Forest (German: "Schwarzwald"), located in the southwest of the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Although Hinterzarten is mostly famous for its ski jumpers, it also has many tourist attractions (see Attractions).
History.
Hinterzarten.
Hinterzarten was founded in 1148. In the beginning, Hinterzarten was actually called "Hinter der Straß" (behind the street), and Breitnau to the north was "Vor der Straß" (in front of the street). Between 1708 and 1750 the village's name changed to Hinterzarten, partly because of a small river in the area called Zartenbach.
By 1755 the first postal road to Hinterzarten was built through the Höllental; and in 1887 a railway stretch for tourists was opened.
In 1964 Hinterzarten officially became a "climatic healing resort" (German: "Heilklimatischer Kurort").
Ski Jumping in Hinterzarten.
In 1923, after the foundation of the Ski Club Hinterzarten, the Kirchwaldschanze ski jump was built (jumping was discontinued in 1974); and in 1924 the Adlerschanze ski-jump was built. The Adlerschanze remains today after being renovated and rebuilt multiple times (see Adlerschanze for details).
Sports.
Besides the 4-hill ski jumping complex, Hinterzarten also has three ski lifts, a tennis center, a cross-country skiing center, a soccer club, and since 2003 is a member of the Black Forest Nordic Walking club.
The Black Forest Ultra Bike Marathon (German) starts here.
Hinterzarten hosted the FIS (Fédération Internationale de Ski) Nordic Junior World Ski Championships and the Under-23 Cross-Country World Championships January 24 to 31, 2010.
Famous Ski Jumpers from Hinterzarten.
Famous German ski jumpers
Attractions.
Hiking and bicycle trails abound, and in the winter over 100 km of cross-country ski paths are prepared. One of the most popular hiking trails is the one from Hinterzarten to Titisee. Also, a "nature experience" trail (German: "Naturerlebnispfad") was opened in the year 2000.
The Adlerschanze ski jump is one of the Ski jumping Grand Prix Tournament hills. The Tournament reaches the Adlerschanze in early August, and lasts one weekend (two days). About 20,000 people attend the contest.
The Black Forest Ski Museum (started 1997) covers the beginning of skiing and the early techniques and equipment used on the nearby Feldberg, including videos, old skis, etc. Since 2004 there is also a museum of ancient agricultural engineering, with old farm equipment and machines; the museum is located in a 400 year old farmhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="5956705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956705" title="St Augustine's and Good Counsel College, New Ross">
St Augustine's and Good Counsel College, New Ross

St Augustine's and Good Counsel College ("Coláiste na Dea Comhairle"), New Ross, known as "Good Counsel College" or "The Counsel" by its students and residents of the local area, is an all-boys secondary school in County Wexford, Ireland, which caters for over 850 students. It was founded and is now conducted by the Irish Augustinians. It is one of only two secondary schools in Ireland under the order of the Augustinians, with the other being in Dungarvan, Co. Waterford. It is the largest school in New Ross. The current principal is Mark O Brien, who assumed the post in 2013, after the retirement of Fr. John Hennebry O.S.A.
Patron saint.
The College is named in honour of the 4th-century saint Augustine of Hippo, a philosopher and theologian whose writings were very influential in the doctrinal development of Western Christianity.
History.
Since it was established in its present form in 1256, the Augustinian Order throughout the world has viewed involvement in education as an important part of its apostolate. Beginning in the 1790s, the Augustinians made various attempts to establish colleges in New Ross, but due to adverse political and economic circumstances their efforts met with a limited degree of success until 1890, when Good Counsel College was established. From 1890 until 1980, the old Good Counsel College stood in the heart of New Ross. It was a small boarding school which catered for students from all parts of Ireland.
With the educational revolution in the 1960s, the scene changed dramatically. Student numbers increased greatly, the great majority of them being local day-students. A greatly expanded curriculum placed increasing demands on the existing facilities. Accordingly, a new college was constructed on the outskirts of the town and opened its doors as the new "Counsel" in 1984. Since then the college has grown further with the addition of a technology block (Villanova), a new classroom block (Cascia), and a large sports hall with gymnasium named after the past rector of the college, Fr. John Cosgrave, O.S.A.. More recently, four floodlit astro turf pitches have been added. Catering today for over 850 boys, Good Counsel College continues to provide an education in the Augustinian tradition.
The vast majority of the school's current teaching staff are now lay-persons, although a number of Augustinian priests take part in the school's administration and chaplaincy.
Facilities.
Facilities include a refectory, assembly hall, sports centre including an indoor sports hall and gymnasium, learning support centre, technology block, first year block and various playing fields including three GAA pitches, two rugby pitches, a soccer pitch and four astroturf pitches. There are two basketball/tennis courts behind the sports hall.
There are also plans to locate the new New Ross Swimming Pool on the grounds of Good Counsel College.
Former students.
Former significant students include: international soccer striker Kevin Doyle, who scored thirteen goals in his debut season in the English top flight with Reading and who was transferred to Wolverhampton Wanderers in July 2009 for a club record fee of 6.5 million; London based recording-artist Michael Stafford a.k.a. Maverick Sabre, currently signed to EMI Records; business man Dermot Desmond, the 746th richest person in the world, who donated money to the school to build the current sports centre; and leading racehorse trainer Aidan O'Brien, who also received his second level education at the school, as did other racing figures Enda Bolger, Tom Doyle, Tom O'Brien, Sean Flanagan and Matthew O'Connor.
Other English-speaking Augustinian schools with the same patron include one in Richland, New Jersey and one in San Diego, California – both in the United States; Colegio San Agustin-Bacolod, Colegio San Agustin, Biñan and Colegio San Agustin, Makati in the Philippines; a school in Malta, another Irish one in Dungarvan, and one in Sydney, Australia.
Sporting achievements.
Good Counsel College has a strong reputation in Colleges GAA. In 1997 the school secured the Senior Colleges A Football Championship and won the Hogan Cup, the premier trophy for Colleges Gaelic Football. In 2009 and 1997 they lost in the final of the Senior Colleges A Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5956709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956709" title="Losin'">
Losin'

"Losin'" is Yuna Ito's 5th single. This is her second single in her series of hot and cool singles, limited to 70 000 copies. Losin is the Japanese ending theme to Lost Season 2 that airs on AXN.
Overview.
Both this single and her previous single, "Stuck on You", were limited to 70,000 copies each. "Stuck on You" was described as "hot" single for the summer while "Losin'" was a "cool" single for the fall. For those who bought both singles, they would receive a special invitation to Yuna Ito's first tour, an invitation-only tour called "Yuna Ito's 1st Invitation".
This song features both English and Japanese lyrics.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="5956711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956711" title="Free the World">
Free the World

"Free the World" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. Jackson spent six years in seclusion after divorcing her abusive late ex-husband and manager, Jack Gordon, in 1997. After her years in exile, the September 11th attacks inspired Jackson to write "Free the World". She recorded and performed it for friends, who immediately fell in love with it. This led to the revival of Jackson's 25-year-old music career.
This song led Jackson to begin work on her "Startin' Over" album, which included the 2004 "Billboard" chart hit "Just Wanna Dance" as the lead single. "Free the World" was released as a follow-up and charted in March 2005. The single peaked at #24 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play charts.
The song is an appeal to free the world from segregation, discrimination and years of war. VH1 described the ballad as the "most appropriate song for the world." About.com dubbed Jason Randolph's remix a "trippily hypnotic treat" with a "churning rhythm track and mesmerizing synth." 

</doc>
<doc id="5956736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956736" title="Allalom Music">
Allalom Music

Allalom Music was a United States independent record label founded in 2001. It mainly releases indie pop and alternative music. Founded in Redmond, Oregon, it had its headquarters in South Texas before moving back to Portland, Oregon in the fall of 2005. On January 15th, 2010 the label announced their closure.
The label was closely connected to other small independent labels whose main focus is independence and artistic freedom.
Loserbroadcasting.
At one point in time Allalom Music owned and operated Loserbroadcasting.com, a netlabel that offered full album downloads from various bands around the USA for free...this project never achieved the level of success they were looking for and the website was taken offline after less than a year. Two of the bands/albums from that project have been released as official CDs since the site went down.
All the albums available for download were designated "AM/LB-001", and they only got different numbers if they were released on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="5956752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956752" title="Greg Smith (ice hockey)">
Greg Smith (ice hockey)

Gregory James Smith (born July 8, 1955) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
A stay-at-home defenceman who was selected by the California Golden Seals in the 1975 NHL Draft, Smith followed the franchise when it relocated to Cleveland in 1976, and when it folded in 1978 and merged with the Minnesota North Stars, where his rights were protected by the North Stars in the 1978 Cleveland-Minnesota Dispersal Draft. He played for Minnesota for three seasons, and his solid defensive play would help guide them to the finals in 1981.
Smith was traded to the Detroit Red Wings where he played for parts of five seasons until he was traded to the Washington Capitals at the trade deadline of the 1985–86 NHL season. He played for the Capitals until his retirement at the end of the 1987–88 NHL season.
Smith spent much of his retirement in Billings, Montana, raising his family and coaching hockey. He has helped several players get into various Junior hockey leagues in both the US and Canada.
Smith currently resides in Billings, Montana with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="5956775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956775" title="Tryggve Gran">
Tryggve Gran

Jens Tryggve Herman Gran DSC, MC (20 January 1888 – 8 January 1980) was a Norwegian aviator, explorer and author. He was the skiing expert on the 1910–13 Scott Antarctic Expedition and was the first person to fly across the North Sea.
Background.
Tryggve Gran was born in Bergen, Norway, growing up in an affluent family dominant in the shipbuilding industry. His great-grandfather Jens Gran Berle (1758–1828), had founded a shipyard in the Laksevåg borough of the city of Bergen. His father, the shipyard owner, died when Tryggve was only five years old. In 1900, after school in Bergen and Lillehammer, Gran was sent to a school in Lausanne, Switzerland for a year, where he learned some German and French. Three years later, he met the German emperor, Wilhelm II, a common guest with the families of Tryggve's friends. Meeting the emperor made an impact on the then 14-year old boy, who from that moment on wanted to become a naval officer. At this time, he had several years behind him as a member of the Nygaards Battalion, one of Bergen's buekorps. He entered naval college in 1907 and graduated in the spring of 1910.
Career.
Gran took an interest in science and exploration which in 1910 led to Fridtjof Nansen recommending his services to Robert Falcon Scott, who was in Norway at the time preparing for an expedition to the Antarctic and testing the motor tractor he intended to take with him. Scott was impressed with Gran, who was an expert skier, and convinced him to take part in the Terra Nova Expedition as ski instructor to Scott’s men.
Arriving in Antarctica in early January 1911, Gran was one of the 13 expedition members involved in the laying of the supply depots needed for the attempt to reach the South Pole later that year. From November 1911 to February 1912, while Scott and the rest of the Southern party were on their journey to the Pole, Gran accompanied the geological expedition to the western mountains led by Griffith Taylor. In November 1912, Gran was part of the 11-man search party that found the tent containing the bodies of the Polar party. After collecting the party’s personal belongings the tent was lowered over the bodies of Scott and his men and a 12-foot snow cairn was built over it. A pair of skis were used to form a cross over their grave. Gran travelled back to the base at Cape Evans wearing Scott's skis, reasoning that at least Scott's skis would complete the journey. Before leaving Antarctica he made an ascent of Mount Erebus with Raymond Priestley and Frederick Hooper in December 1912, an occasion which nearly ended in disaster when an unexpected eruption caused a shower of huge pumice blocks to fall around him. Gran was later awarded the Polar medal by King George V.
On his return voyage, Gran met the Irish aviator Robert Loraine, and immediately took an interest in aviation. Gran became a skilled pilot at Louis Blériot's aviation school in Paris, and on 30 July 1914, Gran became the first pilot to cross the North Sea. Taking off in his Blériot XI-2 monoplane, "Ca Flotte", from Cruden Bay, Scotland, Gran landed 4 hours 10 minutes later at Jæren, near Stavanger, Norway, after a flight of .
Only five days later, the United Kingdom entered the First World War. Gran, now a first lieutenant in the Norwegian Army Air Service, volunteered for service with the Royal Flying Corps. He was rejected because of Norway's neutrality. However, the rejection did not stop Gran. Under the identity of "Captain Teddy Grant" of Canada, he was admitted to the RFC, serving in 1916 with No.39 Squadron on Home defence, flying the Sopwith Camel on the Western Front with No. 70 Squadron during 1917, and later commanding various Royal Air Force units in Arkhangelsk and North Russia during the Allied intervention in 1919. Gran himself claimed to have shot down German ace Hermann Göring in a dogfight on 8 or 9 September 1917. He discovered this when he became acquainted with Göring after the war, and compared his flight logs with Göring's. It could however not be verified that it was Gran who shot down Göring's plane.
During the war, the RAF promoted Gran to the rank of Major, and awarded him the Military Cross for distinguished war service.
After the war, Gran started holding lectures on aviation and his journeys to the polar areas, as well as writing books. In 1919 he was the first man to fly from London to Stockholm. In 1928, he led a search party to find polar explorer Roald Amundsen, lost flying while trying to discover the fate of Umberto Nobile's North Pole expedition on board the "Airship Italia".
During the Second World War, Gran was reportedly a member of NS, Vidkun Quisling's Nationalist Party. The NS used Gran's hero-like status in their war propaganda, and in 1944, a commemorative stamp was issued to mark the 30th anniversary of Gran's flight across the North Sea. It has been speculated Gran feared reprisals from the pro-German fascist party because of his commitment to the Royal Air Force in the First World War. Others have speculated that his friendship with Göring and bitterness over not being offered a full-time job in the Norwegian Army Air Service may have been reasons for Gran to support the NS during the Nazi occupation of Norway.
After a trial in 1948, Gran was found guilty of treason and sentenced to a prison term of 18 months. The remainder of his life was devoted principally to writing books.
Personal life.
Gran was married three times. First in 1917 with actress Lily St. John, marriage dissolved 1921; Secondly in 1923 with Ingeborg Meinich (1902–1997) with whom he had two daughters, the marriage dissolved, lastly in 1941 with Margaret Schønheyder, a renowned portrait painter. With his last wife, he had a son, Hermann who was born in 1944.
Gran was also a gifted football player, earning 1 cap for Norway in 1908. This was Norway's first ever international match, and was played against Sweden in Gothenburg. Sweden beat Norway 11-3.
Tryggve Gran died in his home in Grimstad, Norway on 8 January 1980 aged 91. A memorial was unveiled in Cruden Bay during 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="5956784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956784" title="Texas State Highway 108">
Texas State Highway 108

State Highway 108 or SH 108 is a state highway that runs from Strawn to Stephenville. The route was proposed in 1926 as a renumbering of SH 10A.
Route description.
SH 108 begins at an intersection with SH 16 in downtown Strawn, and travels east out of town on Housley Street. The highway turns south in Mingus, where it intersects SH 193. South of Mingus, the highway intersects and briefly travels east with Interstate 20. The route then departs to the southeast, where it reaches Stephenville. The route intersects U.S. Routes 67 and 377 in Stephenville, before reaching its southern terminus at U.S. Route 281 just south of Stephenville.
Route history.
SH 108 was originally designated in 1924 as a renumbering of SH 10A from Strawn to Stephenville, along with an extension southward to San Antonio. There was also a branch to Chalk Mountain. By 1933, the extension was redesignated as the new state-length State Highway 66. The branch was removed. SH 108 has followed the same routing since that time.
State Highway 108A was a spur routing of SH 108 that led from Lampasas east through Temple to Rosebud. The route was designated in 1926, replacing SH 36, which was truncated at Temple. By 1933, the route had been renumbered as SH 53, as the route no longer connected to its parent highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5956789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956789" title="Thống Nhất Stadium">
Thống Nhất Stadium

Thống Nhất Stadium ("Reunification Stadium") is a multi-purpose stadium in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. It is located at 138 Đào Duy Từ Street, Ward 6, District 10. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium for Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh of the V.League 2. The stadium has a capacity to seat 25,000 people.
History.
Prior to 1975 the stadium was called Cộng Hòa Stadium ("Republic Stadium"). The site had witnessed a number of major sporting events including an over-capacity 30.000 strong crowd to watch the elimination soccer match between South Vietnam and South Korea leading up to the 1964 Summer Olympics. 
In 1966 the South Vietnamese soccer team captured the Merdeka Cup defeating Burma. The gold trophy was kept at the Cộng Hòa Stadium. Its whereabout is not known after the Fall of Saigon.
During the Vietnam War the Stadium was also the scene of terrorist attacks by the Vietcong. Explosives detonated on October 4, 1965 killed 11 and injured 42 others.

</doc>
<doc id="5956793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956793" title="Thorichthys">
Thorichthys

Thorichthys is a genus of cichlids from Mexico and northern Central America. They have somewhat pointy heads and stripes down their body, and tend to inhabit slow-moving or standing water. The best-known species is "Thorichthys meeki", the firemouth cichlid. Members of "Thorichthys" rarely exceed , making them popular aquarium fish. The genus was first described in 1904, but was changed to a subgenus of "Cichlasoma" in 1907. As of 1996, it is again considered to be its own genus.
Species.
There are currently eight recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="5956805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956805" title="Ernest Bai Koroma">
Ernest Bai Koroma

Ernest Bai Koroma (born October 2, 1953) is the fourth and current President of Sierra Leone since 2007.
An insurance executive by profession, Koroma spent over twenty-four years working in the private insurance industry before entering politics in 2002. From 1988 to 2002, Koroma was the Managing Director of the Reliance Insurance Trust Corporation (Ritcorp), one of the largest insurance companies in Sierra Leone. He is a 1976 graduate from Fourah Bay College, the oldest university in West Africa. Koroma is a native of Bombali District in the North of Sierra Leone and a member of the Temne ethnic group.
Koroma was elected as leader of the All People's Congress (APC), then Sierra Leone's main opposition party, on March 24, 2002, after defeating then incumbent APC leader Edward Turay, his main opponent Koroma stood as the APC candidate in the 2002 Sierra Leone presidential election, but he was defeated by incumbent Sierra Leone's President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah, who won 70.3% of the vote, to Koroma's 22.35%[http://www.voanews.com/content/a-13-a-2002-05-19-8-victory-66282697/540765.html. Koroma conceded defeat [http://www.cocorioko.net/?p=41245].
Koroma was later elected to Parliament of Sierra Leone representing his home District of Bombali from 2002 to 2007. In 2005, he was elected the minority leader of Parliament and remained in that position until his election to the Presidency in 2007.
Koroma stood again as the APC candidate in the 2007 presidential election. In a tense run-off, he received 54.6% of the vote and defeated incumbent Vice President Solomon Berewa, the candidate of then ruling Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP). Berewa conceded defeat, and Koroma was sworn in as President on September 17, 2007 at the State House in the capital Freetown the same day he was declared the winner [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6943541.stm. International and local observers declared the election free and fair [http://www.amnestyusa.org/our-work/countries/africa/sierra-leone]
Koroma succeeded President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah, who was constitutionally ineligible to run for the presidency again after serving the maximum two five-year term limit. In his inauguration speech, Koroma promised zero tolerance on corruption and said he will fight against the mismanagement of the country's resources [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-14094379][http://www.saferfuture.org/joomla/content/blogcategory/32/34/lang,en/].
On April 16, 2009, Koroma was re-elected unopposed by the APC as the party's presidential candidate for the 2012 presidential election at the APC National Delegates convention held in the northern city of Makeni.
In the November 2012 presidential election, Koroma was re-elected as President receiving 58.7%, against his main opponent, SLPP candidate Julius Maada Bio, who received 37.4%. International observers deemed the election to be free and fair. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/23/us-sierraleone-election-results-idUSBRE8AM0RX20121123Koroma was sworn in as President for his second and final term at State House in Freetown by Chief Justice Umu Hawa Tejan-Jalloh on the same day he was declared the winner of the election. [http://www.cocorioko.net/?p=40646.
Early life and education.
Ernest Bai Koroma was born on October 2, 1953, in Makeni, Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone. Koroma was born of Christian parentage in the predominantly Muslim north and a devout Christian himself. Koroma is a longtime member of the Wesleyan Church of Sierra Leone [http://www.ncnnews.com/nphweb/html/ncn/article.jsp?id=10005397][http://allafrica.com/stories/200810141126.html]
Koroma's father, Sylvanus Koroma was an ethnic Temne preacher, and a native of Makari Gbanti chiefdom, Bombali District. Pa Sylvanus Koroma spent years working as a bible school teacher at the Wesleyan Church in Makeni.
Koroma's mother, Madam Alice Koroma (June 27, 1932 – July 6, 2012), was an ethnic Biriwa Limba from the small rural town of Kamabai, Bombali District. Madam Alice Koroma served as a councillor in the Makeni city council in the 1960s as a member of the All People's Congress (APC). Maddam Alice Koroma was a prominent member of the APC party Bombali District branch, and a strong supporter of then Sierra Leone's president Siaka Stevens' APC government. Maddam Alice Koroma later spent almost her entire career working as a primary school teacher in Makeni.
Koroma is an ethnic Temne, due to his father's ethnic group, and was raised in a predominantly Temne household in Makeni. He is also a fluent speaker of the Temne language . Koroma grew up in a religious Christian household in Makeni and he regularly attended church services with his siblings at the Wesleyan church in Makeni, where his parents were longtime members of the congregation.
Koroma attended the Sierra Leone Church Primary School in Makeni, and then proceeded to the Magburaka Government Secondary School for Boys in Magburaka, Tonkolili District, (about 25 miles from his hometown of Makeni) where he graduated in 1973.
Upon graduation from secondary school, Koroma moved to the capital Freetown to attend the Fourah Bay College. He graduated from the Fourah Bay College in 1976 with a degree in Business Management.
Soon After graduating from the Fourah Bay College, Koroma was employed as a teacher at the St. Francis Secondary School in his hometown of Makeni from 1976 to 1978.
Career in the insurance industry.
Koroma joined the Sierra Leone National Insurance Company in 1978. In 1985, he joined the Reliance Insurance Trust Corporation (Ritcorp), and in 1988, he became Managing Director of Ritcorp, remaining in that position for 14 years.
Marriage and family.
Koroma is married to Sia Nyama Koroma, the daughter of Abu Aiah Koroma, the former Attorney General of Sierra Leone, who also held several other government ministry positions under presidents Joseph Saidu Momoh and Ahmad Tejan Kabbah. Sia Nyama Koroma is a biochemist and an ethnic Kono from Kono District. Sia Koroma holds a Bachelor of Science with Honours in Chemistry and a Masters in Biochemistry. She is also a Psychiatric Nurse trained and qualified in Great Britain.
Koroma and his wife Sia Koroma were married on October 18, 1986 at the King Memorial UMC Church in Freetown Together they have two daughters, Alice and Danke Koroma. The first daughter Alice Koroma was born in Freetown and she is named after Maddam Alice Koroma, the mother of Ernest Bai Koroma. The second daughter Danke Koroma was born in London and she is named after Danke Evelyn Koroma, the mother of Koroma's wife Sia Nyama Koroma. The oldest daughter Alice Koroma is a law school graduate from the University of East Anglia in Norwich, England[http://www.newstimeafrica.com/archives/13211.
Political career.
Run for APC leadership.
In 2002 it was announced that the All People's Congress (APC) would hold their convention to elect a new leader that would challenge president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah of the SLPP who faced re-election for a second five-year term. Ernest Bai Koroma, then an Insurance broker from the northern district of Bombali who was virtually unknown by the general population in Sierra Leone announced his candidacy for the leadership of the All People's Congress (APC) ahead of the 2002 Sierra Leone presidential and parliamentary elections [http://allafrica.com/stories/200202250438.html]. He was one of seven candidates for the APC leadership.
Koroma was a clear underdog to longtime APC leader Edward Turay who was the favorite and was expected to easily win the APC leadership yet again. Koroma stressed that under the APC leadership of Edward Turay, the party had lost a significant number of seats in parliament and had lost trust among Sierra Leoneans, even in its traditional stronghold in Northern Sierra Leone. Koroma said the party will continue to lose even more support unless the party moves to a new direction that will care more about the interest of Sierra Leoneans. The APC was thought to be divided between the old guards wing of the party leady by Edward Turay, and the new generation wing of the party lead by Ernest Bai Koroma [http://business.highbeam.com/3548/article-1G1-129552487/police-warn-apc-leaders].
Koroma was elected leader of the All People's Congress (APC) on March 24, 2002, at a national convention of the party held in the northern town of Kabala, Koinadugu District ahead of the 2002 Sierra Leone Presidential and Parliamentary Elections. Koroma received 370 votes from APC delegates, while 12 delegates voted against him and the remainder abstained.
2002 presidential and parliamentary election.
In the 2002 Sierra Leone presidential election Koroma received 22.3% of the vote as the APC presidential candidate, losing in a landslide to incumbent President Ahmed Tejan Kabbah of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), who received 70.3% and was shortly sworn in for a new five-year term. In the parliamentary election, Koroma was elected to a seat from Bombali District.
Court case.
Embattled by series of court case against his youthful leadership and executive and the 2002 APC Constitution, Koroma was eventually stripped off his "de jure" leadership of the APC by the Supreme Court of Sierra Leone on June 22, 2005 He was however again unanimously elected as Leader and presidential candidate of the APC ahead of the 2007 Sierra Leone presidential and parliamentary elections at APC National Delegates Convention held on September 3, 2005 in the northern town of Port Loko. The internal party dispute was said to be resolved in April 2007, mainly between Koroma and Edward Turay, with Koroma being accepted by APC dissidents as the party's leader ahead of the 2007 general election.
Under his leadership, the APC swept virtually all the seats in the Western Area and the Northern Province during the local government elections of 2004. This was in spite of the fact that some of the old guard of the APC dismissed his leadership as a matter of child's play.
Candidate.
Koroma was the APC presidential candidate in the August 2007 general election. His main rival for the presidency of Sierra Leone was incumbent Vice-President of Sierra Leone Solomon Berewa of the SLPP. Koroma stronghold was in Northern Sierra Leone, and in the Western Area of Sierra Leone. Berewa, on the other hand, maintained strong support in south-eastern Sierra Leone.
Koroma was allegedly the target of an assassination attempt in the early hours of July 23, 2007 in Bo, Sierra Leone's second largest city (a traditional stronghold of the SLPP), when, according to the APC, a group of armed men led by Tom Nyuma, who was a participant in the 1992 coup that ousted the APC from power, attempted to enter Koroma's hotel room to kill him. Nyuma was severely beaten by Koroma's guards, and he was hospitalized as a result. According to another version of events, however, there was no assassination attempt and the claim was invented to justify the beating of Nyuma.
2007 Presidential Election.
In the first round of the 2007 presidential election in Sierra Leone, held on August 11, Koroma garnered 44.3% of the votes, ahead of Solomon Berewa of the ruling SLPP, who received 38.3%. This was not enough to win outright, and a run-off election was held on September 8.
In an interview with Reuters on September 13, Koroma said that he wanted to run the country "like a business concern", emphasize agriculture and tourism rather than mining, and fight firmly against corruption.
On September 17, the Sierra Leone National Electoral Commission declared Koroma to be the winner of the election with 54.6% of the vote, although the SLPP disputed the results. He was sworn in later on the same day at a ceremony attended by Berewa and Kabbah.
On September 21, Koroma left Sierra Leone for a diplomatic visit to neighboring Guinea and Liberia, his first trip outside the country as President.
Koroma took a notably long time to name his Cabinet ministers, doing so in stages. The first group of 10 ministers was named on October 8, and another 10 were named on October 12. According to Koroma, he was willing to take additional time to find the right people; others, however, speculated that the delay was due to maneuvering within the APC for Cabinet positions.
Inauguration.
Koroma was formally inaugurated in Freetown on November 15, 2007 at a ceremony attended by seven other African leaders. On this occasion, he promised to fight corruption and emphasized the importance of changing people's attitudes towards corruption.
Koroma promised zero tolerance on corruption, to fight against the mismanagement of the country's resources and that he "would run Sierra Leone like a business concern", emphasizing agriculture and tourism. He further promised his government will increase the GDP per capita; reduce poverty and increase jobs; pledged the provision of electricity not only in the urban areas, but to all parts of Sierra Leone.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by several African Head of State and representatives of other world leaders and organizations, including Nigerian president Umaru Yar'Adua, Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Senegalese president Abdoulaye Wade, Gambian president Yahya Jammeh, Burkina Faso's president Blaise Compaoré, Malian president Amadou Toumani Touré, Guinean Prime Minister Lansana Kouyaté and United States Assistant Secretary for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer.
Presidency.
The Koroma presidency have focused upon rebuilding the country's national infrastructure after the Civil War, fighting corruption, improving the country's health care system. In April 2010, Koroma signed into law the country's free health care program for pregnant women, nursing mothers and children under the age of five. Koroma has focused on free-market solutions, attracting more private investment.
On September 4, 2008, Koroma declared his assets to the Sierra Leone Anti-corruption Commission and signed into law the country's new Anti-Corruption Bill of 2008 at the State House in Freetown. [http://www.sierraherald.com/declaration.htm. Under the new law, it is compulsory for the president and other government officials to declare their assets and update them annually.
Koroma has given the country's anti-corruption commission more powers to investigate and prosecute corrupt officials. Since coming to power in 2007, Koroma has dismissed several government ministers associated with corruption, including two of his ministers indicted on corruption charges by the Sierra Leone anti-corruption commission.
Relations with UK.
The British government has continued to provide large scale aid and advice, with former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair continuing to work closely with the Sierra Leone government and speak out for investment in Sierra Leone. At Koroma's request, Blair created a nine person board to advise the government on foreign investment. The UK continues to be the largest donor to Sierra Leone, giving more money per person than to any other nation, and promising to raise aid by a further 50 million pounds sterling in 2010...
In a 2009 BBC report by Humphrey Hawksley, some British diplomats and aid workers raised concerns about the slow pace of development in the country stressing on the problem of corruption, and asking whether almost a decade after the war – British military and post-war aid assistance has gone in vain as the country still struggle with poverty and massive unemployment.
Reforms.
Koroma pushed through arrest and prosecution authority for the Sierra Leone Anti-corruption Commission, and naming former Human Rights lawyer Abdul Tejan-Cole its head immediately after his election. The government has spoken of transitioning from large scale aid to private investment in the nation, sought to boost the nascent Tourist industry, signed deals for more extensive Mobile phone service, began a wide scale public sector reform program aimed at cutting government waste, and given greater powers to the government Ombudsman.
Forest protection.
At the same time, Koroma inaugurated a large new national park at Gola Forest, and banned exports by logging companies, singling out Chinese-owned companies, which he accused of "plundering" the nation's forests.
Relations with Zimbabwe.
President Koroma has also controversially been one of the few African leaders to strongly condemn Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe.
Drug trade.
In July 2008, Koroma pledged to crack down on cocaine trafficking in Sierra Leone, after a large drug bust of an aircraft loaded with cocaine at the national airport.
Election violence.
In August 2008, fighting between supporters of Koroma's All People's Congress (APC) party and opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) erupted in Freetown and the country's second largest city of Bo in the run up to municipal elections, with ruling party supporters charged with attacking opposition members and journalists. Koroma promised to crack down on such violence.
2009 APC Convention.
On April 16, 2009, Koroma was re-elected unopposed by the APC as the party's presidential candidate in the 2012 Sierra Leone presidential election at the APC National Delegates convention held in the northern city of Makeni. Several senior members of the country's main opposition party the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) and the country's third major party the PMDC were invited as special guests at the convention to promote peace and National Reconciliation across the country, following the tense general elections in 2007. Those in attendance at the convention included John Oponjo Benjamin, the leader of the main opposition the SLPP; and Charles Francis Margai, the Leader of the country's third major party the PMDC. http://sierraleoneagenda.org/articles/2009/apr_2009/article_20090418_1.aspx [http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://news.sl/drwebsite/uploads/apcconvention7.jpg&imgrefurl=http://news.sl/drwebsite/exec/view.cgi%3Farchive%3D1%26num%3D11887%26printer%3D1&usg=__gK0T48JJvX5w5HylaNCMh4FUJ_M=&h=338&w=450&sz=63&hl=en&start=9&zoom=1&um=1&itbs=1&tbnid=PxXpQQbaDDjdtM:&tbnh=95&tbnw=127&prev=/search%3Fq%3D2009%2Bapc%2Bdelegate%2Bconvention%2Bin%2Bmakeni%26um%3D1%26hl%3Den%26biw%3D996%26bih%3D600%26tbm%3Disch&ei=FPQyTo7QIMXc0QGP3LzaCw][http://news.sl/drwebsite/exec/view.cgi?archive=1&num=11944].
2012 re-election to second term.
Koroma was re-elected as President for his second and final term, on November 23, 2012, with 58.7%, in the 2012 Sierra Leone Presidential election, defeating his main opponent, Retired Brigadier Julius Maada Bio of the main opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), whot got 37.4%Koroma was sworn in as President for his second and final term by Chief Justice Umu Hawa Tejan Jalloh at State House in Freetown; the same day he was declared the winner of the election [http://www.cocorioko.net/?p=40646.
In his sworn in speech to the nation, at State House, Koroma says the time for politics is over, the moment for continuing the transformation of Sierra Leone has come. He says this is the time for all APC and SLPP supporters and supporters of other political parties to embrace each other as one nation. He says Sierra Leoneans have endorsed the achievements his government have made with the Agenda for Change and he has been asked by the people of Sierra Leone to continue on to the Agenda for Prosperity. Koroma says he is inviting the leadership of the SLPP and other political parties to join the leadership of the APC in moving Sierra Leone forward. Koroma says the goodwill of the Country requires membership of all political parties.
Koroma says in his second term his government will focus on creating jobs for the youths all over the country; continue with the infrastructural development across the country; continue to fight corruption; continue to attract foreign investment; continue to bring electricity to every districts across the country; and continue to protect the rights of every Sierra Leoneans [http://www.cocorioko.net/?p=40646].
Cabinet.
2012 Election
On the 23rd November, 2012 at 19:30 GMT Ernest Bai Koroma was Re-Elected President of Sierra Leone. Though the announcement was delayed by 10 days the election was acknowledged as peaceful and fearless by local and international observers.

</doc>
<doc id="5956812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956812" title="Vinh Stadium">
Vinh Stadium

Vinh Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Vinh, Vietnam. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Song Lam Nghe An F.C.. The stadium holds 18,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5956826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956826" title="Ibicuí River">
Ibicuí River

The Ibicuí River (Portuguese, Rio Ibicuí) () is a river in Rio Grande do Sul state of southern Brazil. The Ibicuí is 290 km in length, and is the main tributary of the Uruguay River. It is formed by the confluence of the Ibicuí-Mirim River and Santa Maria River at the city of Cacequi. The Ibicuí divides the cities of Uruguaiana and Itaqui.
The river's name, "Ibicuí", means "ground of sand" in the Tupi language.

</doc>
<doc id="5956834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956834" title="Trophy Truck">
Trophy Truck

Trophy Trucks are the fastest class of off-road racing vehicles designed and built to resemble modern pickup trucks. Although any truck that meets the safety standards can race the trophy truck class, they, for the most part, feature long travel suspensions and high power engines. They are intended for desert racing, and are not street legal.
Truck design.
They are most often 2-wheel drive, and most feature a 4130 chromoly tube-frame chassis covered by a fiberglass or other composite body. Engines are required to be naturally aspirated, and are typically V8s generating in excess of 700-850 hp. Suspension travel can exceed depending on chassis design. Most Trophy trucks use independent A-arm suspensions up front. In the rear, most trucks use a 3 or 4-link setup with a solid axle, while some use various types of independent suspension. Suspension and damping duties are handled by 1 or 2 shock absorbers per wheel; usually consisting of one coil-over and one by-pass shock.

</doc>
<doc id="5956836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956836" title="Singapore in Malaysia">
Singapore in Malaysia

On 16 September 1963, Singapore merged with the Federation of Malaya alongside North Borneo and Sarawak to form Malaysia. This marked the end of a 144-year period of British rule in Singapore, beginning with the founding of modern Singapore by Sir Stamford Raffles in 1819.
The union, however, was unstable due to distrust and ideological differences between leaders of the State of Singapore and the federal government of Malaysia. Such issues resulted in frequent disagreement within politics, economic, financial and social policies. The conflict spread to the populace, resulting in major racial riots in 1964 in Singapore. In 1965, Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman decided upon the expulsion of Singapore from the Federation, leading to the Independence of Singapore on 9 August 1965.
Background.
The People's Action Party (PAP) won the first election in Singapore after the merger.
Racial tension.
Racial tensions increased dramatically within a year and were fuelled by Barisan Sosialis's tactics of stirring up communal sentiment as the pro-communist party sought to use means to survive against the crackdown by both the government of Singapore and the Federal Government. In particular, the Chinese in Singapore disdained being discriminated against by Federal policies of affirmative action, which granted special privileges to the Malays guaranteed under Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia. There were also other financial and economic benefits that were preferentially given to Malays. Islam was the sole official religion, although non-Muslims maintained the freedom of worship.
The Malays and Muslims in Singapore were being increasingly incited by the federal government's accusations that the PAP was mistreating the Malays. Numerous racial riots resulted, and curfews were frequently imposed to restore order. The external political situation was also tense at the time, with Indonesia actively against the establishment of the Federation of Malaysia. President Sukarno of Indonesia declared a state of "Konfrontasi" (Confrontation) against Malaysia and initiated military and other actions against the new nation, including the bombing of MacDonald House in March 1965 by Indonesian commandos which killed three people. Indonesia also conducted sedition activities to provoke the Malays against the Chinese.
One of the more notorious riots was the 1964 Race Riots that took place on Prophet Muhammad's birthday on July 21, near Kallang Gasworks with twenty-three killed and hundreds injured. Additional riots broke out in September 1964. The price of food heavily skyrocketed when the transport system was disrupted during this period of unrest, causing further hardship. The Government later introduced the Racial Harmony Day, which falls on the same date as the riots.
Disagreement.
The federal government of Malaysia, dominated by the United Malays National Organization, feared that as long as Singapore remained in the Federation, the bumiputra policy of positive racial discrimination to the Malays would be undermined and therefore not in the interest of their pro-Malay agenda. One of the major causes of this fear was the fact that the PAP continued to repeatedly cry for a ""Malaysian Malaysia!"" – the fair and equal treatment of all races in Malaysia, by serving Malaysian "citizens", rather than the Malay "race". Another contributor was the fear that the economic dominance of Singapore's port would inevitably shift political power away from Kuala Lumpur in time, should Singapore remain in the federation.
The state and federal governments also had disagreement on the economic front. Despite earlier agreement to establish a common market, Singapore continued to face restrictions when trading with the rest of Malaysia. In retaliation, Singapore did not extend to Sabah and Sarawak the full extent of the loans agreed to for economic development of the two eastern states. The situation escalated to such intensity that talks soon broke down and abusive speeches and writings became rife on both sides. UMNO extremists called for the arrest of Lee Kuan Yew.
Separation.
On August 7, 1965, Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, seeing no alternative to avoid further bloodshed, advised the Parliament of Malaysia that it should vote to expel Singapore from Malaysia. Despite last-ditch attempts by PAP leaders, including Lee Kuan Yew, to keep Singapore as a state in the union, the Parliament on August 9, 1965 voted 126–0 in favour of the expulsion of Singapore, with members of Parliament from Singapore not present. On that day, a tearful Lee Kuan Yew announced that Singapore was a sovereign, independent nation and assumed the role of Prime Minister of the new nation. His speech included this quote: "For me, it is a moment of anguish. All my life, my whole adult life, I have believed in merger and unity of the two territories." Hence, Singapore became the only country in the history of the modern world to gain independence against its own will.
Under constitutional amendments passed in December of that year, the new state became the Republic of Singapore, with the "Yang di-Pertuan Negara" becoming President, and the Legislative Assembly becoming the Parliament of Singapore. These changes were made retroactive to the date of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. The Malaya and British Borneo Dollar remained legal tender until the introduction of the Singapore dollar in 1967. Before the currency split, there was discussions about a common currency between the Malaysian and Singaporean Governments.

</doc>
<doc id="5956846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956846" title="Erwin Chamberlain">
Erwin Chamberlain

Erwin Groves "Murph" Chamberlain (February 14, 1915 in Shawville, Quebec – May 8, 1986) was a professional ice hockey centre for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Montreal Canadiens, Brooklyn Americans and Boston Bruins of the NHL.
Playing career.
Chamberlain began his NHL Career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1938. He played for them until the end of the 1940 season. The next year he played for the Montreal Canadiens. In 1942, he spent time in the AHL with the Washington Lions. Later that season, he was called back to Montreal and then traded to the Brooklyn Americans. He spent the 1943 season with the Boston Bruins. After that season he returned to Montreal for the final six seasons of his career. He won 2 Stanley Cups with Montreal in 1944 and 1946. He retired from hockey after the 1949 season.
Coaching career.
Chamberlain was head coach of the Sudbury Wolves of the EPHL for two seasons 1960–61 and 1962–63.

</doc>
<doc id="5956857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956857" title="Spencer Gordon Bennet">
Spencer Gordon Bennet

Spencer Gordon Bennet (January 5, 1893 – October 8, 1987) was an American film producer and director. Known as the "King of Serial Directors", he directed more film serials than any other director.
Biography.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Bennet first entered show business as a stunt man, when he answered a newspaper ad to jump from the Palisades of the Hudson River while wearing a suit for the serial film "Hurricane Hutch" (1921). The gig at that time paid $1 per foot he had to fall.
He made his directorial debut in 1921's "Behold the Man" but made his serial directorial debut in 1925 with "Sunken Silver". He would keep making serials, as well as B-Western features, until the very end of the genre, directing the very last two serials made in the United States, "Blazing the Overland Trail" (1956) and "Perils of the Wilderness" (1956). After the serials ended he directed a handful of features, his final directorial credit being 1965's "The Bounty Killer", which was also the final film to feature pioneering cowboy star Broncho Billy Anderson. When he died in 1987, his tombstone was engraved "His Final Chapter".
Over his long career Bennet directed over 100 serials, including both "Superman" serials, The "Adventures of Sir Galahad", "Batman and Robin", "The Tiger Woman", "", and numerous western serials. Among his western "B" features were his long-running "Red Ryder" series, featuring Red Barry.

</doc>
<doc id="5956858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956858" title="Cassin's kingbird">
Cassin's kingbird

The Cassin's Kingbird ("Tyrannus vociferans") is a large tyrant flycatcher native to western North America. The name of this bird commemorates the American ornithologist John Cassin.
Description.
Adults have a gray head with slightly darker cheeks; a dark unforked tail with a buffy fringe and gray-olive underparts. They have a pale throat and deep yellow lower breast.
Juveniles are duller and have pale edges on their wings.
Similar species.
The Cassin's Kingbird and the Western Kingbird are similar in appearance. The Cassin's is a little larger than the Western and the upper parts are a darker gray than the Western. The most distinctive difference between the birds is that the Cassin's has a thin white strip along lower edge of the tail feathers and the Western has a thin white strip that runs along the edge of the tail feathers. This difference can be seen in the image on the left.
Distribution and habitat.
In the summer, these birds can be found in California and from Montana to Utah, along the eastern Rocky Mountains. Their habitat includes rangelands and savannas.
These birds migrate to their winter quarters between Southern California and northern Central America. They are permanent residents in south-central Mexico, and their main wintering ranges are west of the Sea of Cortez on Baja California Sur, and east of the sea on the mainland of western Mexico.
Behavior.
They build a bulky nest on a horizontal tree limb in mid-story or the canopy of trees. The three to five spotted white eggs have an incubation period of 18 to 19 days.
The Cassin's kingbird primarily feeds on insects it preys upon from high perches by hawking. It also eats berries and fruits in lesser quantities.
The call is a high-pitched shorter followed by a longer chirp, sounding like a 'chi-beer'.
Mating ritual.
In early spring, presumably after having chosen (or shown up with) their mate, they launch into a peculiar dance. With excited high-pitched calls, they hover in unison, wings outstretched, over a favorite perch. This dance takes place several times a day over several days, over several separate sites in an area covering . The sites chosen for the dance appear to be the same sites used as hunting perches during the spring and summer.

</doc>
<doc id="5956870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956870" title="Box Hill railway station">
Box Hill railway station

Box Hill railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5956875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956875" title="John F. Smith, Jr.">
John F. Smith, Jr.

John Francis "Jack" Smith, Jr. (born April 6, 1938) is the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of Delta Air Lines. Smith has been a member of Delta's board of directors since 2000.
From 1996 to 2003, Smith was chairman of the board of directors of General Motors, and was that company's CEO from 1992 to 2000.
Smith was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. He joined General Motors as a payroll auditor in 1961, moving to its financial group in New York City in 1966. He went on to hold positions ranging from director of international planning to president of GM Canada, president of GM Europe and head of international operations. 
As CEO of GM, he undertook one of its most sweeping reorganizations, overturning a cumbersome and inefficient structure created in the 1920s by Alfred P. Sloan and left virtually unchanged since then. Starting with purchasing in 1992 and ending with engineering in 2003, he brought together separate overlapping functions related to the various divisions that formed the company, while also expanding operations into Asia. In this transformation, which included terminating the Oldsmobile brand, over 90% of core management positions were eliminated, corporate decision-making became faster and easier, production efficiencies and quality improved, and, above all, the bottom line went from near-bankruptcy losses to decent profits. After he relinquished the CEO position in 2000 to his personally selected successor, Rick Wagoner, he continued on as Chairman to see his plan fully executed. 
Along with his chairmanship of Delta, Smith is currently a director of several other entities, including Procter & Gamble and The Nature Conservancy. Smith is a trustee of Boston University. He graduated from St. John's High School in Massachusetts and later received his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1960 and his Master of Business Administration from Boston University in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5956877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956877" title="3rd White Cloth Hall">
3rd White Cloth Hall

The 3rd White Cloth Hall is an important historic building in Leeds city centre in England. It was the most important market place in the world for the sale of undyed cloth, between 1776 and 1865.
History.
After construction of the two prior white cloth halls in 1711 and 1756 there was a meeting in 1774 to plan the building of yet another cloth hall in Leeds. Most of the money for the scheme came from the wealthy Leeds merchants, and a site was found on a piece of land called the Tenter Ground in the Calls. The hall was built around a large central courtyard, and at the northern end it was two storeys high, with assembly rooms on the upper storey. The Hall was built at a cost of £4,300, and opened in 1775. During the Victorian period, the White Cloth Hall Yard played host to various events, including the circus, as evidenced by an 1858 poster for Pablo Fanque's Grand Allied Circus.
The Cupola from the demolished 2nd White Cloth Hall was installed on the roof in 1786.
When the railway system was extended through the town centre in 1865 the building was literally sliced in half by the new North Eastern Viaduct. This necessitated the construction of the 4th White Cloth Hall, built at the expense of the North Eastern Railway company.
Present.
Only parts of the original cloth hall building remain, When it was complete it was a massive and imposing building, we can only get a limited impression of how it looked when it extended down to The Calls and was a full rectangle.
What remains of the building has been restored, and is now occupied by shops and a restaurant, it can be found just off Kirkgate next to The Corn Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5956890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956890" title="Don Pavletich">
Don Pavletich

Donald Stephen Pavletich (born July 13, 1938 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a retired American professional baseball player, a catcher and first baseman for the Cincinnati Redlegs/Reds (1957, 1959 and 1962–68), Chicago White Sox (1969) and Boston Red Sox (1970–71).
He was a graduate of Nathan Hale High School in West Allis, Wisconsin and was signed as an amateur free agent in 1956 by the Reds.
He made his Major League debut at the young age of 18 on April 20, 1957 in a 5-4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves at County Stadium, grounding out as a pinch-hitter for Hal Jeffcoat against Ray Crone. It was his only Major League appearance and at-bat of the season, and he also made one hitless at bat in one appearance in the 1959 season.
He served in the U.S. Military from May 1957 to February 1959.
His first Major League hit was in the first game of a doubleheader on April 29, 1962 in a 16-3 Reds loss to the St. Louis Cardinals. Replacing Reds catcher Johnny Edwards midway through the fourth inning, in the next inning Pavletich singled off the Cardinals' Larry Jackson.
Pavletich spent much of his career with the Reds as a backup catcher to all-stars Ed Bailey, Johnny Edwards and Baseball Hall of Famer Johnny Bench.
After leaving baseball, he was a loan officer for the Universal Mortgage Corporation in his native Milwaukee. He is retired and living in Brookfield, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="5956896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956896" title="Masta Ace Incorporated">
Masta Ace Incorporated

Masta Ace Incorporated was a Hip Hop crew formed by rapper Masta Ace. The group, also known as "The I.N.C.", included Eyceurokk (Eyce, Uneek and Rokkdiesel), Lord Digga, Paula Perry and R&B vocalist Leschea. Ace first gained notice in the rap world as a member of the legendary Juice Crew, and with the release of his acclaimed 1990 debut "Take a Look Around", which featured an appearance from Eyceurokk. In 1992, Ace formed the I.N.C. crew and recorded their first group album, "SlaughtaHouse", which was released in May 1993. Ace provided almost all of the rapping, with Lord Digga serving as the hype-man. Digga was also responsible for a bulk of the beats, producing five of the album's songs as part of the duo Bluez Brothers. Paula Perry was the main performer on the song ""Who U Jackin'?"", Leschea provided vocals for ""Don't Fuck Around (Outro)"", and Eyceurokk appeared on the tracks '"Slaughtahouse"' (as MC Negro), ""Ain't U Da Masta"" and ""Saturday Nite Live"". The album was highly acclaimed, but sold only moderately well. Some versions of "SlaughtaHouse" included the hidden bonus track, ""Born to Roll"", which became a huge hit in 1994, breaking into the Top 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Eyceurokk split from the crew after "SlaughtaHouse", leaving the group to four members. In 1995, the crew released their second album, "Sittin' On Chrome", which featured ""Born to Roll"", as well as two more Hot 100 hit singles, ""The I.N.C. Ride"" and ""Sittin' on Chrome"". The album, produced by Ace, Bluez Bruthas (Lord Digga and Witch Doctor), Uneek and Louie Vega, featured a sound Ace called "Brooklyn Bass Music". The album was also highly acclaimed, and sold better than "SlaughtaHouse", but still wasn't able to push a strong amount of units. The crew split up in 1996, after Ace began having personal conflicts with Lord Digga and Paula Perry. Ace was largely missing from the scene until 2001, when he returned with his acclaimed solo album "Disposable Arts". According to a 2006 interview on Prince Paul's XM Radio show, Ace stated that he and Lord Digga are finally speaking again, but Ace has yet to collaborate with either Digga or Paula Perry since the crew's break-up. However, he did work with Leschea on ""Type I Hate"" from his 2001 album, Disposable Arts and ""Bklyn Masala"" from his 2004 album, A Long Hot Summer.
See also.
Masta Ace

</doc>
<doc id="5956897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956897" title="Frampton (album)">
Frampton (album)

Frampton is the fourth studio album by Peter Frampton, released in 1975 before he went on tour and recorded "Frampton Comes Alive!" The most recognizable songs from the album are "Show Me the Way" and "Baby, I Love Your Way" which were later recorded on "Frampton Comes Alive!" The album peaked at #32 on the Billboard 200.
Background.
Frampton left Humble Pie because that group fell into a loud, hard rock groove that overwhelmed the technical skills he'd spent years working on as a guitarist; he poured a lot of that into this highly melodic mid-tempo rock album.
Frampton's band experienced changes when keyboardist and rhythm guitar player Andy Bown decided to leave the group after a year, and once again focus on his solo career, and bassist Rick Wills decided to leave the group while touring to spend more time with his family and his baby.
The album took three weeks to write. In October 1974, Frampton recorded at Clearwell Castle in Gloucestershire, with Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio parked outside.
The album.
On the album, Frampton composes in a wide range of styles, both instrumentally and vocally. The compositions feature acoustic and electric guitar textures, as apparent on "The Crying Clown", and the acoustic instrumental "Penny For Your Thoughts." Also, "Nowhere's Too Far (For My Baby)" and "Day's Dawning" are examples of melodic arena rock on the album.
Frampton's work on the album did much to enhance his reputation as a solo artist. The album went to #32 on the Billboard 200 album chart, setting the stage for the blockbuster success of his 1976 double live LP "Frampton Comes Alive!".
Track listing.
All songs written by Peter Frampton.
Charts.
Album

</doc>
<doc id="5956925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956925" title="Derrick Alexander (defensive end)">
Derrick Alexander (defensive end)

Derrick Alexander (born November 13, 1973) is a former defensive end/defensive tackle who played for the Minnesota Vikings and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. He was drafted from Florida State University in the first round of the 1995 NFL Draft ahead of such big names as Hugh Douglas and Warren Sapp. After Derrick retired, he worked in the front office for the Cleveland Browns for several years. Derrick Alexander was inducted into the Florida State Hall of Fame in 2007 as one of its greatest players.

</doc>
<doc id="5956934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956934" title="Klock">
Klock

Klock is a Dutch/German surname with representation in New York State by the early 18th century.
Fort Klock, in the Mohawk Valley of New York State was built in 1750 by a Johannes Klock and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
Prominent individuals named Klock include:
External links:

</doc>
<doc id="5956939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956939" title="X Japan discography">
X Japan discography

The discography of the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan consists of 5 studio albums, 6 live albums, 1 remix album, 10 compilations, 22 singles, and around 22 live video recordings.
Founded in 1982 by vocalist Toshi and drummer Yoshiki, X Japan started out as a power/speed metal band and later gravitated towards a progressive sound with an emphasis on ballads. With the member line-up including bassist Taiji and guitarists hide and Pata since 1987, X released their debut studio album "Vanishing Vision" on Yoshiki's own record label Extasy Records the following year. They then achieved breakthrough success with their second album and major label debut, "Blue Blood", in 1989. It was followed by the million-selling "Jealousy" (1991), which is the band's most diverse album in terms of songwriting credits. In 1992, the band changed their name to X Japan and bassist Taiji left the group, being replaced by Heath. The mini-album "Art of Life" was released in 1993, composed solely of the 29-minute title track. Their last album "Dahlia" was released in 1996, and the following year the band decided to break up. However after ten years, X Japan reunited in 2007 and recorded the new song "I.V.". They officially recruited lead guitarist Sugizo to fill-in for the deceased hide two years later and in 2011 had their first worldwide release, the digital single "Jade".
Besides being one of the first Japanese acts to achieve mainstream success while on an independent label, the band is widely credited as one of the pioneers of visual kei, a movement among Japanese musicians comparable to Western glam. X Japan have sold millions of records in Japan, claiming un-certified sales of over 30 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5956957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956957" title="VMU-2">
VMU-2

Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 2 (VMU-2) is an unmanned aerial vehicle squadron in the United States Marine Corps that operates the RQ-7 Shadow. They are based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and provide aerial surveillance for the II Marine Expeditionary Force. They fall under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
History.
Early years.
VMU-2 was originally formed in June 1984 as Detachment T, Target Acquisition Battery, 10th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, Fleet Marine Forces, Atlantic, thus becoming the first Remotely Piloted Vehicle (RPV) unit within the Marine Corps.
On August 22, 1984, the detachment reorganized, and was re-designated, as the 1st Remotely Piloted Vehicle Platoon, Headquarters Battalion, and 2nd Marine Division. During November 1984, Marines traveled to Israel and began indoctrination training on the Mastiff RPV system. Upon completion of contractor training, 1st RPV Platoon accepted its first two Mastiff air vehicles, control stations, and associated ground support equipment.
In June 1986, 1st RPV Platoon was assigned to the 13th Marine Amphibious Unit and embarked aboard USS Tarawa for operations in the Western Pacific. In October 1986, the 1st RPV Platoon was reorganized and re-designated as the 2nd Remotely Piloted Vehicle Company, Headquarters Battalion, 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, NC while deployed with the 13th MAU. The 2d RPV Company transitioned to the Pioneer (Option I) Unmanned Aerial Vehicle system. During May 1987, 2d RPV Company was awarded the Navy Unit Commendation for its numerous contributions to the fielding of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles within the Marine Corps.
During the next three years, the 2d RPV Company trained on the Pioneer system and deployed within the continental United States in support of several Marine Corps exercises. In February 1989, RPVs were incorporated into the Surveillance, Reconnaissance, Intelligence Group (SRIG) concept as an independent company under the group command in March 1990; the unit received the Pioneer Option II air vehicle. As the first UAV unit to field this upgrade, the company embarked aboard the USS "Nassau" and conducted the first shipboard trial operations of the Pioneer Option II air vehicle.
Gulf War and 1990s.
In August 1990, the 2d RPV Company was reassigned to the 4th Marine Expeditionary Brigade (4th MEB) and embarked to Southwest Asia in support of Operation Desert Shield. The company remained embarked with the 4th MEB until November 1990. Thereafter, the company was ordered ashore and reassigned to the 1st Surveillance, Reconnaissance and Intelligence Group, I Marine Expeditionary Force. During January 1991, the company deployed to Saudi Arabia in direct support of the 2nd Marine Division and later conducted missions in support of Operation Desert Storm. From February 15, to March 3, 1991, direct support of Operation Desert Storm was conducted from Al Qurah. 2d RPV Company began retrograde operations and returned to Camp Lejeune on 20 March 1991. During Operation Desert Shield/Storm, 2d RPV Company flew a total of 69 sorties and 226 flight hours. Of these, 55 sorties and 192 flight hours were combat. No Pioneer air vehicles were lost as a result of enemy action.
During May 1991, a detachment from 2d RPV Company was formed to participate in Operation Provide Comfort and the Kurdish relief effort in northern Iraq. These Marines provided surveillance information during the conduct of the operation. The detachment returned to Camp Lejeune, NC on 31 May 1991. For the remainder of 1991, the company provided support to various elements of II Marine Expeditionary Force.
On January 1, 1993, 2d Remotely Piloted Vehicle Company was re-designated as the 2d Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Company and in February 1994, the company was re-equipped with the Pioneer Option II Plus air vehicle. On January 16, 1996, 2nd UAV Company was reorganized under Marine Aviation sponsorship and re-designated as Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 2 (VMU 2). Placed under Marine Aircraft Group 14, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing, the squadron was relocated to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, NC in May 1996. Then, in August 2000, VMU-2 was re-assigned to Marine Air Control Group 28, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
As of May 13, 2013 VMU-2 was re-assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 14. 
Global War on Terrorism.
VMU-2 deployed to Kuwait in February 2003 and subsequently played a key role in Operation Southern Watch and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Conducting day and night aerial reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition missions in support of coalition forces in the Persian Gulf region, the squadron was deployed for seven months in support of combat operations. Of the 30 squadrons, 200 aircraft and more than 7000 Marines and Sailors from 2nd MAW to conduct combat operations in Iraq, VMU-2 was the final unit to return from Iraq in September 2003.
In February 2004, the squadron deployed to Al Taqqadum Airbase, Iraq again in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom conducting combat missions in support of coalition forces in the Sunni Triangle region. During this deployment the Squadron flew over 2,100 hours comprising 700+ combat sorties in support of I MEF in and around Fallujah and Ramadi, Iraq. In August 2004 the Squadron returned to MCAS Cherry Point and are currently preparing for yet another deployment to Iraq.
VMU-2 has deployed four more times in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.
The squadron will deploy a detachment to Afghanistan in the spring of 2009 as part of the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade. They will be part of the 17,000 troop increase announced by President Obama in mid-February.

</doc>
<doc id="5956984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956984" title="Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act">
Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act

The Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act (Construction Labour Mobility) is a statute in Ontario, Canada, that was passed in 1999 and repealed in 2006. Quebec laws effectively made it nearly impossible for Ontario-owned construction companies and Ontario-trained tradespeople to work in Quebec. The Act retaliated by placing similar restrictions on Quebec-trained tradespeople and Quebec-based companies seeking work in Ontario.
Background.
Both sides of the Ontario-Quebec border are highly populated with major population centres on both sides - Ottawa, Cornwall, and North Bay on the Ontario side, and Montreal, Hull, and Temiscaming on the Quebec side. There are also several bridge links across the Ottawa River that link communities on both sides. As a result, it is common for persons to live in one province and work in the other. For example, many federal government workers in Ottawa live in Hull to take advantage of lower child care fees or French language schools.
However, by the 1990s, the labour market in the construction industry in Quebec was highly regulated and unionized.[http://www.nowtoronto.com/issues/18/16/News/front.html] In addition, the province of Quebec favoured Quebec-based contractors when awarding large infrastructure projects. For example, Hydro-Québec essentially restricted the awarding of contracts to Quebec owned firms. Skilled tradespersons from Ontario found it nearly impossible to work in Quebec, as the provincial government supported Quebec's labour unions, which enforced closed shop regulations, and strict limits on what trades could perform such work. Ontario workers found it impossible to join Quebec locals, even in the same union. 
Moreover, Quebec's labour ministry often refused to recognize the qualifications of skilled Ontario trade persons which did not exactly match those of Quebec's defined trades. Ontario, which had a largely non-union labour force, had no such restrictions, and the Ontario government bid jobs freely to all comers. As a result, by 1998, there were seven times as many Quebec residents working in the construction trades in Ontario than there were Ontario residents working in those trades in Quebec.[http://www.laborers.org/NationalPost_3-31.99.html]
From Quebec's perspective, the restrictions were justified. Most union members felt that Ontario firms were only competitive because they paid their workers lower wages. They also believed that Ontario firms often ignored Quebec's strong occupational health and safety laws. However, when construction jobs were not available in Quebec, many unionized labourers sought non-union jobs in eastern Ontario.
Passage of the legislation.
Although the Ontario and Quebec governments reached an agreement in 1996 [http://www.iigr.ca/pdf/documents/314_OntarioQubec_Agreement_o.pdf] to allow more labour mobility, by 1998 it was clear that the situation had not improved - unemployment in Ontario's construction industry was higher than that in the province as a whole. The Progressive Conservative Mike Harris government passed the Fairness is a Two-Way Street Act in 1999 which had the following restrictions:
Although the legislation was passed in 1999, this was largely an attempt to force Quebec back to the bargaining table. However, the situation continued to worsen and the Act came into effect in 2002.
Effects.
The Act had a limited effect on construction mobility, although the situation did not grow any worse. Many Quebec companies that hired large numbers of Ontario workers (such as SNC-Lavalin) were unintentionally restricted from bidding for contracts and had to be exempted from the effect of the Act. In addition, most Quebec companies of sufficient size set up an Ontario company in order to comply with the new law, which put most of the burden on smaller companies that could not afford to have a dual presence in both provinces.[http://www.osler.com/resources.aspx?id=10046]
Resolution.
In 2006, Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty and Quebec Premier Jean Charest came to an agreement to remove the restrictions on Ontario workers. Chief among these was an agreement to allow Ontario firms to bid on jobs for Hydro-Québec in the Outaouais region, which has the some of the largest spending on infrastructure in the province.[http://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/news/2006/06-oqclm.html][http://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/news/2006/06-oq.html]
External links.
Text of the Act at CanLII [http://www.canlii.org/on/laws/sta/1999c.4/20060517/whole.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5957019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957019" title="Anatomy of t.A.T.u.">
Anatomy of t.A.T.u.

Anatomy of t.A.T.u. (; "Anatomyia TATU", or А.Н.А.Т.О.М.И.Я.), is a documentary film directed by Vitaly Mansky, chronicling the lives of the group t.A.T.u. on their promotional tour in USA, but most of all, revealing the girls' true lives, including their sexuality.
The movie's main selling point was the revelation that neither Yulia Volkova nor Lena Katina are, or were, lesbians. They stated that it was all just a marketing strategy; a brainchild developed by their manager, Ivan Shapovalov. Volkova said that before t.A.T.u., she had never thought about girls in that way, but during t.A.T.u. she had fallen in love with another girl, although the physical aspect had not developed beyond kissing.
The film also showed that both girls are religious. Katina visits church and goes to confession regularly; she believes that her career forces her to do many sinful things. Volkova, on the other hand, is ready to do anything perceived as popular in the musical world. She isn't afraid of anything besides loneliness. Katina is shyer, and said that she wouldn't ever have sex with anyone on camera.
Another aspect of the documentary was drug use. Volkova admitted to having once taken heroin as part of a bet to prove that she had "no need for such things in life." The film also included scenes of Ivan Shapovalov and Beata Ardeeva smoking marijuana. Also, it shows Volkova and Katina smoking regular cigarettes, which they do even though it may negatively affect their voices.
The film reveals that Volkova had problems with her voice for a long period, which nearly killed the group. Besides this, Volkova admitted that she also had an unwanted pregnancy, and she was forced to have an abortion. Volkova also admitted to having a boyfriend named Pavel 'Pasha' Sidorov.
This documentary stirred debate on topic of censorship on Russian television due to its slogan, "Hui Voine!", the use of foul language, and depictions of drug use.[http://www.russiandvd.com/store/newsreport.asp?id=%7B39A59191%2D8D47%2D41D0%2D9EB9%2D69CE32326A77%7D]
DVD release.
After the show premiered on television, a DVD was made available for a limited time in 2004. It used the original Russian audio track, but included English subtitles. The DVD is no longer in production and is hard to come by.

</doc>
<doc id="5957020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957020" title="Michael McGinniss">
Michael McGinniss

Brother Michael J. McGinniss, F.S.C., Ph.D., a De La Salle Christian Brother, is the 28th president of La Salle University. McGinniss became president on July 1, 1999. He previously was a member of La Salle University's Religion department and was president of Christian Brothers University in Memphis, TN from 1994 to 1999. 
Under McGinniss' direction, La Salle University has developed a new strategic plan and significantly increased enrollment, giving, and alumni involvement. La Salle opened a new residence hall for 428 students as well as an adjoining dining facility in 2005. In cooperation with the board of trustees, McGinniss launched “Shoulder to Shoulder,” a fundraising initiative to raise $25 million for the construction of a new science and technology center and the strengthening of the endowment for student scholarships.
A native Philadelphian, McGinniss joined the De La Salle Christian Brothers in 1965 and graduated maxima cum laude from La Salle University in 1970 with a BA degree in English. He obtained his master’s degree and Ph.D. in Theology from the University of Notre Dame. 
From 1970 to 1974, he was a member of the English and Religion departments at South Hills Catholic High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. While a graduate student at the University of Notre Dame, he taught undergraduate courses in the Theology Department and was assistant rector of Grace Hall. 
His first teaching experience at La Salle was as a visiting instructor in the Graduate Religion Program in the summer of 1978. He was also an assistant professor at the Washington Theological Union from 1979 to 1984. From 1986 to 1990, he was a visiting instructor at Loyola University’s Summer Institute of Pastoral Studies. 
In 1984, McGinniss joined the faculty at La Salle on a full-time basis, eventually reaching the rank of full professor in 1993. Recognized by the De La Salle Christian Brothers for his qualities as a leader, he attended La session internationale des études lasalliennes (a program of study of Lasallian spirituality) in Rome in 1991. He became Chair of La Salle’s Religion Department in 1991, and the following year he received the Lindback Distinguished Teaching Award. Also in 1992, he was appointed vice president of the La Salle University Corporation. In 1995, he became a member of La Salle’s Board of Trustees. 
In 1994, he became president of Christian Brothers University. Under his leadership undergraduate enrollment and retention rates were increased; a Graduate Education Program was established; the Athletic Department joined the NCAA Division II Gulf South Conference; new residence halls were constructed; enhancements were made to science labs and facilities; the school’s Engineering departments were re-accredited; an upgrade of information technology systems throughout the campus was implemented; and the Center for Global Enterprise was founded. He also played a key role in the school’s 125th anniversary celebration. 
He has published articles in such journals as Listening: Journal of Religion and Culture and New Theology Review. He has written chapters in religious books and texts, including “The Catholic University as a Context for Pastoral Studies: Reflections on Three Programs” in Pastoral Studies in the University Setting (University of Ottawa Press). He edited six volumes of the Christian Brothers’ Spirituality Seminar Series. Since 1983, his reviews of books have appeared in journals such as Horizons, Theological Studies, Journal of Ecumenical Studie], and Holistic Nursing Practice. For many years, he has lectured to a variety of academic and professional groups on issues related to spirituality, pastoral care, and theology. 
His academic areas of expertise are pastoral theology, history and theology of ministry, methods and models of theological reflection, ecclesiology, and Lasallian spirituality. 
McGinniss serves on the Boards of the Association of Independent Colleges and Universities of Pennsylvania, American University of Rome, Manhattan College, Calvert Hall College (Baltimore, MD), the Greater Philadelphia Urban Affairs Coalition, the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, and the Office of Community Development of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. In addition, he is a member of the Chairman’s Advisory Council for the World Affairs Council of Philadelphia. 
His professional memberships include the Catholic Theological Society of America, the American Academy of Religion, the College Theology Society, the Lasallian Association of College and University Presidents, and the International Association of Lasallian Universities.

</doc>
<doc id="5957023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957023" title="Batman Animated">
Batman Animated

Batman Animated is a coffee table book written by Paul Dini and designed by Chip Kidd, about the popular TV show, "". It was first published in a hardcover edition in 1998 by Titan Books. A paperback edition of the book was published later.
Overview.
A very picture-heavy book, "Batman Animated" features numerous sketches, storyboards, character designs, finished paintings and other material from the popular animated series about Batman,the iconic superhero character in the comic books published by DC Comics. The book details Batman's development from series producer and co-creator Bruce Timm's early sketches to his eventual finished look in the series, as well as the newer designs Timm made for the follow-up series "The New Batman Adventures".
The designs of other significant characters, such as Robin, Batgirl and Nightwing, as well as Batman's numerous enemies (e.g., The Joker, Two-Face, and The Penguin) and allies, (e.g., Alfred Pennyworth and Commissioner Gordon) are also explored in detail. The book also goes into the architecture of Gotham City and Batman's various vehicles and provides a detailed look at the show's overall visual flair, such as the episodes' title cards. Various pieces of merchandising related to the series are also featured. The book has numerous fold-out pages that display larger images. As is common with coffee table books, visual design is heavily emphasized throughout the full-color book and numerous pages are dedicated to the artwork from the series.
In addition to the plentiful visual elements, the book also contains detailed background information and anecdotes from the series' history, development and production, as well as comments from the various series creators and voice actors. It discusses various production problems ranging from technical challenges to the constant struggle between the creators and the network's censors over whether specific scenes of action and dialogue were too intense. "Batman Animated" also goes over the creation of the two animated spin-off films, ' and '.
The book's author, Paul Dini, was a writer and the co-producer for "Batman: The Animated Series". The designer, Chip Kidd, was also the author and designer of another book, "Batman Collected", about Batman collectibles. "Batman Animated" also features an introduction by Bruce Timm as well as an ending by Paul Dini describing their then-upcoming series "Batman Beyond".

</doc>
<doc id="5957025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957025" title="Jay Cloidt">
Jay Cloidt

Jay Cloidt (born October 5, 1949) is an American composer, performer, sound designer, and audio engineer.
History.
Cloidt received his BA in piano performance from the University of Nebraska and his MFA in Electronic Music and the Recording Media from Mills College Center for Contemporary Music in 1981, studying with Robert Ashley and David Behrman. 
As a sound designer, he has worked with many groups in the San Francisco Bay Area, including the Kronos Quartet and the Margaret Jenkins Dance Company. Cloidt's work on the Paul Dresher Ensemble's production of Slow Fire won a Bay Area Critics Circle Award, and he received an Isadora Duncan Award in 1989 with Rinde Eckert for the sound design of Eckert's Dry Land Divine.
As a composer, Cloidt has been commissioned by such organizations as the Gary Palmer Dance Company, the Paul Dresher Ensemble, the Margaret Jenkins Dance Company, and the Kronos Quartet, for whom he has written three pieces. His music typically uses electronics, is technically sophisticated, and often contains humor. The "San Francisco Chronicle" has called Cloidt "The Spike Jones of the Bay Area new music scene." His music has been performed at the Venice Biennale, New Music America, and Lincoln Center.
His solo CD "Kole Kat Krush" was released by Starkland. "All-Music Guide" awarded the CD four stars and wrote that the CD is “a wonderful, accessible, and yet challenging album from one of new music's brightest lights.” "Stereophile" also awarded the CD four stars, describing Cloidt as "one of the few composers in the post-sampler era to fully develop that tool's fascinating and witty potential." Other recordings appear on the MinMax label.

</doc>
<doc id="5957044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957044" title="Shattered Faith">
Shattered Faith

Shattered Faith is a punk rock band from Southern California.
Formed in 1978 by Kerry Martinez, currently guitarist for U.S. Bombs, and Spencer Bartsch, now lead vocalist for Firecracker 500, the group featured songs with a political and biblical bent, although whether or not they could be classified as a Christian band is an open question.

</doc>
<doc id="5957062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957062" title="Yen (disambiguation)">
Yen (disambiguation)

Japanese yen is the unit of currency in Japan.
Yen may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5957063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957063" title="Vermont Railway">
Vermont Railway

The Vermont Railway is a shortline railroad in Vermont and eastern New York, operating much of the former Rutland Railway. It is the main part of the Vermont Rail System, which also owns the Green Mountain Railroad, the Rutland's branch to Bellows Falls. The trackage is owned by the Vermont Agency of Transportation except in New York, where VTR operates a line owned by the Boston and Maine Corporation.
History.
The Rutland Railway was the only north-south line through western Vermont. A strike shut it down on Sept. 25, 1961. The Government of Vermont purchased the main line south of Burlington, as well as a branch to Bennington, total, and the new Vermont Railway, incorporated on Oct. 25, 1963, began operations on Jan. 6, 1964. The company's first president was Jay Wulfson, who came from the Middletown and New Jersey Railroad.
During the early years of the Vermont Railway, a great deal of energy and money was expended replacing the old locomotives and rolling stock the railroad had inherited from the Rutland, buying several locomotives, both new and used, as well as leasing several hundred freight cars. The railroad continued to expand, entering the intermodal business in 1965, and acquiring the Clarendon and Pittsford Railroad in 1972, which gave VTR access to a major limestone plant near Florence, VT. VTR retained the Clarendon and Pittsford name as a separate legal entity operating the acquired trackage. In the late 1970s, despite the deaths of several senior officials, including Wulfson, the railroad earned more than $2 million in revenues for the first time, although net earnings remained much lower, at about $20,000 a year, all of which was put back towards improving the railroad.
In 1982, VTR paid back the State of Vermont for the trackage the State bought in 1964 to allow VTR to begin operations. A year later, VTR bought of track between Rutland and Whitehall, New York from the Delaware and Hudson Railroad and assigned it to its Clarendon and Pittsford subsidiary. The track was severely deteriorated at the time of purchase, with track speeds as low as over the entire line. During the first years after the purchase, a major rehabilitation project was begun, upgrading the roadbed as well as the track and ties. Since the line was brought up to better standards, Whitehall has become a major interchange point between VTR and the D&H (now Canadian Pacific after their acquisition of the D&H).
In 1997, the Vermont Railway purchased the Green Mountain Railroad, which ran from Rutland to Bellows Falls. This led to the formation of an umbrella company, named the Vermont Rail System, which owned both railroads, as well as several other shortlines in Vermont and New York.
VTR plans to construct a new spur line in Middlebury, Vermont to serve a quarry. In early 2011, the Vermont Rail System created a new subsidiary railroad called the Otter Creek Railroad to purchase land and construct trackage in preparation for construction to begin in early 2013, with a late 2014 completion date.
Traffic.
The Vermont Railway moves a wide variety of freight, as well as playing host to an Amtrak passenger train, the "Ethan Allen Express". VTR moves large amounts of stone products from quarries in western Vermont, largely limestone in the form of slurry from OMYA mines north of Rutland. VTR also moves large amounts of petroleum products into Vermont, including unit trains of fuel oil from Albany, New York, to Burlington.
Fleet.
As of April 2013, the Vermont Railway's fleet consisted of:
Former Units.
These units of the Vermont Railway are no longer on the railroad. They units have either have been sold to other railways or have been scrapped for parts. 
Note: the RS-1 units were from the former Rutland Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5957064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957064" title="Yingling">
Yingling

Yingling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5957075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957075" title="Saunders Park, Philadelphia">
Saunders Park, Philadelphia

Saunders Park is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is bounded by Powelton Avenue, 38th Street, Lancaster Avenue, and 40th Street. It is west of Powelton Village and north of Spruce Hill.
It is named for the park at the northeast corner of 39th and Powelton Avenue. The Presbyterian Medical Center is next to the park.
Saunders Park is often considered to be a part of West Powelton, which extends out to 42nd Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5957084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957084" title="Indeterminate system">
Indeterminate system

An indeterminate system is a system of simultaneous equations (especially linear equations) which has more than one solution. The system may be said to be underspecified. If the system is linear, then the presence of more than one solution implies that there are an infinite number of solutions, but that property does not extend to nonlinear systems.
An indeterminate system is consistent, the latter implying that there exists at least one solution. For a system of linear equations, the number of equations in an indeterminate system could be the same as the number of unknowns, less than the number of unknowns (an underdetermined system), or greater than the number of unknowns (an overdetermined system). Conversely, any of those three cases may or may not be indeterminate.
Examples.
The following examples of indeterminate systems have respectively fewer, the same, and more equations than unknowns:
Conditions giving rise to indeterminacy.
In linear systems, indeterminacy occurs if and only if the number of independent equations (the rank of the augmented matrix of the system) is less than the number of unknowns and is the same as the rank of the coefficient matrix. For if there are at least as many independent equations as unknowns that will eliminate any stretches of overlap of the equations' surfaces in the geometric space of the unknowns (aside from possibly a single point); and if the rank of the augmented matrix exceeds (necessarily by one if at all) the rank of the coefficient matrix then the equations jointly contradict each other.
Finding the solution set of an indeterminate linear system.
Let the system of equations be written in matrix form as 
where "A" is the coefficient matrix, "x" is the vector of unknowns, and "b" is a vector of constants. Then if the system is indeterminate, the infinite solution set is the set of all "x" vectors generated by
where formula_6 is the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse of "A" and "w" is any appropriately dimensioned vector.

</doc>
<doc id="5957092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957092" title="Jared Mitchell (writer)">
Jared Mitchell (writer)

Jared James Mitchell (born 1955) is a Canadian journalist and fiction author, currently based in Toronto, Ontario. Besides his books, he has written for numerous newspapers and magazines such as "Maclean's" and "The Globe and Mail". He also established the fotonovella.com website for his media fiction works which are termed "photonovellas".

</doc>
<doc id="5957101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957101" title="Multi-Pointer X">
Multi-Pointer X

Multi-pointer X (MPX) is a part of X input extension and previously a modification to the existing X.Org implementation of the X Window System. MPX provides multiple independent pointers at the windowing system level. These pointers are all connected to one computer. Unlike many other multi-pointer applications and toolkits, MPX allows many existing X11 applications to run unmodified, whilst still providing additional input features. For instance, multiple users can simultaneously operate different applications at the same time. Some applications do not work as expected due to limitations in the toolkits they use . The limitations are caused by the assumption that only one pointer exists.
Window manager.
Combined with the proof of concept window manager MPWM, MPX provides extended features such as simultaneous movement or resizing of application windows, per pointer annotation over top of an application and restricted input support (floor control). Applications that are aware of the extra pointers are also able to make use of them, such as two handed drawing.
History.
MPX was created by Peter Hutterer in 2005-2008, as part of his PhD in the Wearable Computer Lab under the supervision of Prof. Bruce H. Thomas at the University of South Australia.
MPX was merged into the current development version of X.Org on 26 May 2008.
Xinput2 (XI2), which is the second official stable API release of the X input extension, contains MPX and was merged into the current development version of X.Org on 3 June 2009, and released as part of the XServer 1.7 on 2 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5957114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957114" title="Raymond L. Orbach">
Raymond L. Orbach

Raymond Lee Orbach (born 1934) is an American physicist and administrator. He served as Under Secretary for Science in the United States Department of Energy from 2006 until 2009, when he was replaced by Steven E. Koonin. Until his resignation in December 2012, in the wake of a conflict-of-interest controversy involving the geologist Charles G. Groat, Orbach was Director of the Energy Institute at the University of Texas at Austin.
Orbach received a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from the California Institute of Technology in 1956 and a Ph.D. degree in Physics from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1960. Orbach began his academic career as a postdoctoral fellow at Oxford University in 1960 and became an assistant professor of applied physics at Harvard University in 1961. He joined the faculty of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) two years later as an associate professor, and became a full professor in 1966.
Orbach's research in theoretical and experimental physics has resulted in the publication of more than 240 scientific articles, and he is a fellow of the American Physical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
From 1982 to 1992, he served as the Provost of the College of Letters and Science at UCLA, and from 1992 to 2002 as Chancellor of the University of California, Riverside.
From March 14, 2002 until mid-2009, Orbach was Director of the Office of Science at the Department of Energy, making him the highest ranking science policy administrator within the DOE. After June 1, 2006, he was the first Under Secretary for Science, for which President George W. Bush nominated him after the position was created by the Energy Policy Act of 2005.
On August 1, 2009 he became the founding director of the Energy Institute at the University of Texas at Austin. He resigned November 30, 2012 in response to a report critical of the Energy Institute's handling of potential conflicts of interest.
On November 3, 2009, the Science Library at the University of California, Riverside was renamed Orbach Library in honor of Orbach.
Orbach was born in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5957123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957123" title="Midnapore College">
Midnapore College

Midnapore College (), established in 1873, is the oldest college in Midnapore, in the Paschim Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University. It has been given Autonomous status by University Grants Commission from 2014-2015 Session.
History.
Midnapore College was established in 1873 under the affiliation of the University of Calcutta and with the status of government-sponsored college in 1956. It is the oldest and most renowned of the colleges in the undivided district of Midnapore.
This college started as a school in 1836 and later in 1873 it was handed over to the then-British Government and was raised to the status of second grade college. It was controlled by a governing body with district magistrate as ex-officio president. It became first grade degree science college in 1924.
Role in Indian independence movement.
It played the pioneering role in the spread of higher education and in the freedom movement of India.
The past of the college is a saga of meritorious services to all walks of life. Under the aegis of the British government the college began disseminating Western education in the interest of rational and scientific education which was led by Ram Mohan Roy. The college became a part and parcel of Bengal Renaissance. Midnapore Collegiate School is in close vicinity. Khudiram Bose, India's first martyr in the freedom movement against the British, was from Midnapore city and was a student of Midnapore Collegiate School. The Freedom Movement was greatly influenced by the college teachers, too. Three teachers — Tarak Das Ghosh, Thakopada Biswas and Binoy Jiban Ghosh — were dismissed from service for their involvement in the movement during 1933. In 1985, the college's affiliation changed from Calcutta University to Vidyasagar University.Recently University Grants Commission has given Midnapore College an autonomous status . It is only the fourth aided college to be granted the tag after St Xavier's College, Ramkrishna Mission Narendrapur and RKM Belur.
Under Graduate Departments.
Science.
anthropology
Post-Graduate Departments.
The College has post graduate courses in
Location.
The college is located in the heart of Midnapore city in the district Paschim Medinipur, formerly called Midnapore. It is easy to reach the college. It is 2 km from Midnapore Railway Station and 14 km from Kharagpur Railway Station, both under the South Eastern Railway. Midnapore Central Bus Stand is 1 km from the college.
Student life.
There are two hostels for male and female students, accommodating 60 male students and 114 female students. Students coming from remote village areas are preferred. But several private messes are available. The socio-economic culture has a direct influence from the students come to study at Midnapore.
There are two sections running in the college, morning and day.
The campus area of the college is .
Facilities.
Different types of facilities are available in the college. Students who cannot undergo formal studies, can pursue bachelor and postgraduate degree from distance education centre of Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). Basic science research takes place in the Midnapore College centre for Scientific Culture which is set up by the Indian Association of Physics Teachers. N. C. Rana sky observation centre was established for study of astronomy. This sky observation centre is also served as weather prediction centre of Midnapore district. Midnapore college library has large no of collections for which it may be used as a research centre. The college has opened a Career Counseling Center operating for last few years for providing the opportunities for current and passed out students at different Government as well as corporate sectors.
Research.
Highly motivated and experienced faculties of many departments are currently engaged in research as evidenced by publications in peer-reviewed journals of International and National repute. Few projects are also running funded by different Government agencies and bodies viz. UGC, CSIR, DST.
Following departments are actively involved in research
Achievements.
Midnapore college has been identified for "Colleges with Potential for Excellence" (CPE) for XI Plan (Phase-III) by University Grants Commission in 2010.
Accreditation.
The college is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). In 2006 it was accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), and awarded A+ grade. In 2012, NAAC has re-accredited Grade A with 3.58 in a 4.00 CGPA Score.

</doc>
<doc id="5957131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957131" title="Polyquat">
Polyquat

Polyquat is the common name for a class of swimming pool and hot tub algaecide which is chemically mostly n-alkyl-dimethyl benzyl ammonium chloride (some dialkyl monomethyl isomers are also included), which is also known as benzalkonium chloride. The alkyl groups are usually C14 and C16. The common name derives from the fact that these compounds are POLY-alkyl QUATernary amines.
R-N+(CH3)2-CH2-C6H5 Cl−
R = -C14H29 or -C16H33
Pre-diluted solutions of polyquat of 5% or less are sold for the hot tub market, at large mark-up. It may be more economically used as the concentrated product intended for swimming pools, but in amounts scaled for hot tubs (300 gal).
n-alkyl-dimethyl benzyl ammonium chloride is also used in some disinfecting products such as wipes including those made by companies such as Clorox.

</doc>
<doc id="5957143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957143" title="Mooks clothing company">
Mooks clothing company

Mooks is an Australian streetwear clothing brand, founded in 1991. Design influences include manga, Japanese baseball, American college sport, and skater culture. In 2007, Mooks was acquired by the Pacific Brands conglomerate from Globe International. 
According to the company, "Mook" is old New York slang for a hipster, a hustler, a wiseguy or even a fool.

</doc>
<doc id="5957160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957160" title="George Anne Bellamy">
George Anne Bellamy

George Anne Bellamy ("née" O'Hara; 23 April 172716 February 1788) was an Irish actress.
Biography.
She was born, by her own account, at Fingal, Ireland. "George Anne" was a name given by mistake for Georgiana. She was the illegitimate daughter of James O'Hara, 2nd Baron Tyrawley, and was educated by him. Choosing, however, to live with her mother, she made the acquaintance of Mrs. Woffington and other actors and was engaged at Covent Garden to play Monimia in "The Orphan" (November, 1744). Her success thereafter was rapid. She participated in the rivalry for popular favor in "Romeo and Juliet" in 1750, playing with Garrick at Drury Lane, while Barry and Mrs. Cibber played at Covent Garden. She was thought the more charming of the Juliets. Mrs. Bellamy was extremely popular, and until she forfeited her character by her various liaisons, was received in the best society. She lost her beauty early, and her later life was unhappy, apparently through her own extravagance and reckless habits. Her last appearance was at Drury Lane on 24 May 1785 in a benefit to herself, in which she was unable to act, but spoke a short address to the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="5957167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957167" title="Adam Hann-Byrd">
Adam Hann-Byrd

Adam Hann-Byrd (born February 23, 1982) is an American actor most recognized for his role as young Alan in the 1995 film "Jumanji".
Early life.
He was born in New York City, the son of Jacquie Hann, a children's book illustrator and author, and Jeff Byrd, a television cameraman. In 2004, Hann-Byrd graduated from Wesleyan University in Connecticut with degrees in psychology and film studies.
Career.
Hann-Byrd made his film debut in "Little Man Tate", directed by and also starring Jodie Foster. In 1995, he appeared as the young Alan in "Jumanji", in which Robin Williams appeared as the adult version of the character. He has also appeared in films such as "Diabolique" and "The Ice Storm". In 1998, he appeared as Charlie Deveraux in "" and in 1999, in "Uninvited". In 2009 he appeared in a short film named "Simone" after a ten-year absence from film.
Personal life.
Hann-Byrd resides in Los Angeles, California and has a film critique blog entitled Two Cent Cinema on blogspot.

</doc>
<doc id="5957172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957172" title="Sherman Circle">
Sherman Circle

Sherman Circle is a traffic circle in the Northwest Washington, D.C. neighborhood of Petworth at the intersection of Illinois Avenue, Kansas Avenue, 7th Street, and Crittenden Street NW. The circle is named in honor of Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman.

</doc>
<doc id="5957182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957182" title="Independent equation">
Independent equation

An independent equation is an equation in a system of simultaneous equations which cannot be derived algebraically from the other equations. The concept typically arises in the context of linear equations. If it is possible to duplicate one of the equations in a system by multiplying one of the other equations by some number then that equation is dependent on the others. But if this is not possible, then that equation is independent of the others.
If an equation is independent of the other equations in its system, then it provides information beyond that which is provided by the other equations. In contrast, if an equation is dependent on the others, then it provides no information not contained in the others collectively, and the equation can be dropped from the system without any information loss.
The number of independent equations in a system equals the rank of the augmented matrix. It can never be greater than the number of unknowns, since the latter is the number of columns in the augmented matrix.

</doc>
<doc id="5957183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957183" title="Computer simulation and organizational studies">
Computer simulation and organizational studies

Computer simulation is a prominent method in organizational studies and strategic management. While there are many uses for computer simulation (including the development of engineering systems inside high-technology firms), most academics in the fields of strategic management and organizational studies have used computer simulation to understand how organizations or firms operate. More recently, however, researchers have also started to apply computer simulation to understand organizational behaviour at a more micro-level, focusing on individual and interpersonal cognition and behavior such as team working.
While the strategy researchers have tended to focus on testing theories of firm performance, many organizational theorists are focused on more descriptive theories, the one uniting theme has been the use of computational models to either verify or extend theories. It is perhaps no accident that those researchers using computational simulation have been inspired by ideas from biological modeling, ecology, theoretical physics and thermodynamics, chaos theory, complexity theory and organization studies since these methods have also been fruitfully used in those areas.
Basic distinctions/definitions.
Researchers studying organizations and firms using computer simulations utilize a variety of basic distinctions and definitions that are common in computational science
Methodological approaches.
There are a variety of different methodological approaches in the area of computational simulation. These include but are not limited to the following. (Note: this list is not Mutually Exclusive nor Collectively Exhaustive, but tries to be fair to the dominant trends. For three different taxonomies see Carley 2001; Davis et al. 2007; Dooley 2002)
Early research.
Early research in strategy and organizations using computational simulation concerned itself with either the macro-behavior of systems or specific organizational mechanisms. Highlights of early research included:
Later research.
Later research using computational simulation flowered in the 1990s and beyond. Highlights include:

</doc>
<doc id="5957184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957184" title="Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood">
Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood

"Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" is a song written by Bennie Benjamin, Gloria Caldwell, and Sol Marcus for the jazz singer/pianist Nina Simone, who first recorded it in 1964. "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" has been covered by many artists, including a 1965 blues rock hit by The Animals. A 1977 disco-flamenco/Latin rearrangement by Santa Esmeralda was also a hit.
Nina Simone original.
The beginnings of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" came with composer and arranger Horace Ott, who came up with the melody and chorus lyric line after a temporary falling out with his girlfriend (and wife-to-be), Gloria Caldwell. He then brought it to writing partners Bennie Benjamin and Sol Marcus to complete. However, when it came time for songwriting credits, rules of the time prevented BMI writers (Ott) from officially collaborating with ASCAP members (the other two), so Ott instead listed Caldwell's name on the credits.
"Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" was one of five songs involving the writing of Benjamin and Marcus, presented for Nina Simone's 1964 album "Broadway-Blues-Ballads". There, it is taken at a very slow tempo and arranged around harp and other orchestral elements; a backing choir appears at several points. Simone sings it in her typically difficult-to-categorize style. Horace Ott's involvement did not end with his initial songwriting; he was the arranger and orchestral conductor for the entire album. Backed with "A Monster", "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" was released as a single in 1964, but failed to chart.
To some writers, this version of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" carried the subtext of the American Civil Rights Movement, that concerned much of Simone's work of the time; while to others, this was more personal, and was the song, and phrase, that best exemplified Simone's career and life.
Decades later, a commercial for Christian Dior's perfume J'Adore, starring Charlize Theron, featured Simone's version of the song, as did the final scene of the 2009 Polish film drama "Rewers". In 2010, Simone's version was used for the end credits of the first season finale episode of BBC's crime drama "Luther"; in 2011, it was used again in the trailer for the show's second season.
The Animals version.
The Animals' lead singer Eric Burdon would later say of the song, "It was never considered pop material, but it somehow got passed on to us and we fell in love with it immediately." The Animals sped up the tempo and started off with an electric guitar-and-organ doubled riff from Hilton Valentine and Alan Price, that was picked out and expanded from an element that originally appeared in the Simone recording's outro. This riff immediately led into Burdon's trademark deep, impassioned vocal line:
The group gained a trans-Atlantic hit in early 1965 from their rendition, rising to number 3 on the UK Singles Chart, number 15 on the U.S. pop singles chart, and number 4 in Canada.
This single was ranked by Rolling Stone at #315 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
In Animals concerts at the time, the group maintained the recorded arrangement, but Burdon sometimes slowed the vocal line down to an almost spoken part, recapturing a bit of the Simone flavor.
It is heard in a 2012 commercial for H&M featuring David Beckham that aired during NBC's coverage of Super Bowl XLVI on February 5, 2012.
At the South by Southwest conference in 2012, Bruce Springsteen credited the song as the inspiration and the riff for his song "Badlands".
Santa Esmeralda version.
A disco version of the song by Santa Esmeralda featuring Leroy Gomez, which took The Animals' arrangement and added some disco, flamenco, salsa, and other Latin rhythm and ornamentation elements to it, also became a hit in the 1970s. First released in summer 1977 as a 16-minute epic, that took up an entire side of their "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" album, it was picked up for more worldwide distribution by the label of the time, Casablanca Records. A 12-inch club remix was extremely popular, hitting number one on the U.S. Billboard Club Play Singles chart and in some European countries as well. The single peaked at number four on the Hot Dance/Disco-Club Play chart. Released as a pop single late in the year, it did well as well, reaching number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100 by early 1978. NBC Sports would use the song frequently in the years following its release, especially during their coverage of the World Series.
Santa Esmeralda's "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" was used as the opening theme of the 1980 pilot for the U.S. game show "Bullseye", after which a sound-alike was used in regular episodes. This version of the song was also used on German ARD soccer television show "Sportschau" from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s, in the introduction for the goal of the month segment. Santa Esmeralda's rendition is featured in the 1992 film "American Me" and the 2001 English comedy "Blow Dry". It became widely popular with a later generation after its inclusion in the 2003 Quentin Tarantino film "Kill Bill Vol. 1", where its instrumental passage plays over the duel between The Bride and O-Ren Ishii, and the accompanying "Kill Bill Vol. 1 Original Soundtrack", where it is incorporated in a full vocal form that runs over ten minutes. A rendition appears in the trailer for the 2005 film "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang", as well as the 2008 Korean "western" film "The Good, the Bad, the Weird", played in the chasing sequence in Manchurian desert. 
Other versions.
The Animals' Eric Burdon has re-recorded the song throughout the years, notably an eight-minute version on his 1974 album "Sun Secrets" and a heavy metal performance in 1976 later released on his "Live at the Roxy" album. Burdon has performed it since the early 1980s in a reggae style. In a different version, it was performed during The Animals' 1983 reunion, as documented on the following year's "Greatest Hits Live (Rip It to Shreds)" release.
A version by Joe Cocker (from his 1969 debut album) played over the ending credits of the 2004 film "Layer Cake". Other artists who have recorded the song include The Moody Blues, Elvis Costello, Cyndi Lauper, Arthur Brown, Uthanda, Julie Driscoll with Brian Auger, King Kong & D'Jungle Girls, Mike Batt, Trevor Rabin, Dwight Adams, No Mercy, Alabina (retitled "Lolole"), John Legend, Lou Rawls, Gary Moore, Robben Ford, OffBeat, Kellylee Evans, Julian Thome, Ray Darwin, Dolapdere Big Gang, New Buffalo, Farhad Mehrad, The Killers, Ulli Bögershausen, the Doug Anthony All Stars, Lyambiko, The Lucky Devils, Di'Anno, Meshell Ndegeocello, Strangefruit, Savage Circus, King Køng, and Place of Skulls.
In their 1980s concerts, Dire Straits played the central theme of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood" during an instrumental introduction to their "Tunnel of Love", as Mark Knopfler talked about The Animals' hometown of Newcastle upon Tyne, in whose Spanish City that song is set. The song has been played in the style of The Animals by Cutting Crew on their 2008 tour as a tribute to lead singer Nick Van Eede's first manager, Chas Chandler of The Animals.
During the 1990s, Alabina released a version of this song called "Lolole (Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood)" – lead singer Ishtar sang her lyrics in Arabic, while her backing singers of Los Niños de Sara sang theirs in Spanish.
Cat Stevens was pleased as a young musician to be compared to the song's first performer, Nina Simone, by an interviewer from "Melody Maker". After converting to Islam and changing his name to Yusuf Islam, several incidents where he has felt misunderstood — including a recitation from the Qur'an that he maintains was either a misquote or taken out of context, which was alleged to be supportive of the fatwa against Salman Rushdie, and allegations that he provided funds to terrorist organizations resulted in his deportation or denial of entry from both Israel and the U.S. — sparked his recording of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood", with some lyrical alterations, featured on his 2006 album "An Other Cup".
Rapper Common's "Misunderstood" sampled Nina Simone's original version for his 2007 album "Finding Forever". The song was also sampled for the 2008 Lil Wayne album "Tha Carter III", in the song "DontGetIt" and it was performed by Leona Lewis on the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards during a Lil Wayne performance. It has also been remixed by Granite & Sugarman for Nicola Fasano. The song's key lines are used as the hook of the 2012 Regina Spektor song "Oh Marcello!".

</doc>
<doc id="5957196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957196" title="Barley Bree">
Barley Bree

Barley Bree was an Irish-Canadian band active in the 1980s and ‘90s. They comprised Tom Sweeney and Jimmy Sweeney (nephews of Tommy Makem), Donegal fiddler P.V. O’Donnell and Brian Doherty (currently of Evans & Doherty). The group was formed in Northern Ireland but moved to Canada in 1977. From their base in Nova Scotia, they widely toured North America. They released eight successful albums and fronted a weekly television series called "Barley Bree" which lasted for two years. Since breaking up, they have reunited several times at the Milwaukee Irish Fest.
Barley Bree appeared with Tommy Makem and Cherish the Ladies on the 1992 CD and video, "Tommy Makem and Friends in Concert".
P.V. O'Donnell lived in Manchester, Connecticut, and taught private lessons while performing shows and travelling to Ireland. He died after a long battle with brain cancer on January 29, 2011.
Tom Sweeney now lives in Omagh, Northern Ireland, and has a very successful career as a folk singer. He has released several albums including "Daisy a Day" and "Poems of Ireland" along with several very successful children's albums.
Jimmy Sweeney still lives in Canada. His recordings include "Come Listen Awhile" with his brother Tom.

</doc>
<doc id="5957203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957203" title="Willie Weeks">
Willie Weeks

Willie Weeks (born 1947) is an American bass guitarist. He has gained fame performing with famous musicians in a wide variety of genres. He has been one of the most in-demand session musicians throughout his career. Weeks has also gained notoriety touring with many of rock's heavyweights throughout his career. In 2006–2007 he was most visible as the chosen bassist for Eric Clapton's house band, during his world tour with the Crossroads Guitar Festival.
Career.
Weeks was born in Salemburg, North Carolina and began playing the electric bass in the early 1960s. His earliest influences were the country, pop and R&B music he heard on the radio. Weeks counts bassists Ron Carter, James Jamerson, and Ray Brown as early influences.
Weeks has worked in the studio and/or toured with artists as varied as 
Chaka Khan, Roy Buchanan, Gregg Allman, David Bowie, Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown, Jimmy Buffett, Kevin Chalfant, Eric Clapton, Buddy Guy, Hank Crawford, Robert Cray, Pino Daniele, Bo Diddley, The Doobie Brothers, Aretha Franklin, Vince Gill, Isaac Hayes, George Harrison, Billy Joel, Wynonna Judd, B.B. King, Lyle Lovett, Gail Davies, David Lee Roth, Michael McDonald, Don McLean, John Mayer, John Mellencamp, Bette Midler, Randy Newman, Pino Palladino, John Scofield, Carly Simon, Rod Stewart, The Rolling Stones, James Taylor, Richard and Linda Thompson, Joe Walsh, Bobby Womack, Leon Russell, Steve Winwood, Stevie Wonder, Ronnie Wood, Soulive, Etta James, and Eikichi Yazawa.
Weeks' playing on Donny Hathaway's "Live" (1972), including a 3½ minute bass solo on "Voices Inside (Everything Is Everything)", is regarded by many bass players as some of Weeks' best work. Weeks played a 1962 Fender P-Bass through an Ampeg SVT amplifier on the recording (though it had initially been reported that he played through an Ampeg B-15). Weeks also played bass at the Crossroads Guitar Festival on July 28, 2007 at Toyota Park in Bridgeview, Illinois.
Willie Weeks played with Ask Rufus, the precursor band to Rufus with Chaka Khan. He appeared on their recording of Al Kooper's song,"Brand New Day." Weeks also played with the Fabulous Amazers and Bill Lordan (pre Robin Trower drummer) in the Minnesota group, Gypsy.also played bass guitar for michael's mystics back in the 60's in Minnesota. bill Lordan was the drummer of that band as well.that band recorded pain by the grassroots a big hit locally for the mystics.
Equipment.
In addition to his red 1962 P-Bass, Weeks also uses a maple-neck 1958 Precision, a 1964 Jazz Bass and a sunburst Marcus Miller signature, as well as a tobacco sunburst Kay four-string acoustic bass for Clapton's "unplugged repertoire". Weeks used a sunburst 1963 P-Bass during Clapton's 2008 European Summer tour.
On the 2009 Australasian and British tours, Weeks played Fender, Kay and Alleva Coppolo basses.
Weeks appeared in the films "Blues Brothers 2000" (in a fictional supergroup along with other musicians he's worked with) and "Lightning in a Bottle".

</doc>
<doc id="5957207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957207" title="Jon Knott">
Jon Knott

Jonathan David Knott (born August 4, 1978 in Manassas, Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.
Career.
After graduating in 2001 with a Master of Business Administration degree from Mississippi State University, Knott was signed by Mal Fichman as an amateur free agent with the San Diego Padres. He made his major league debut on May 30, . He became a free agent on December 12, , after he was not offered a contract by the Padres. He signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles nine days later.
In 2006, Knott led the Pacific Coast League in home runs and RBI 32 and 113, respectively. Knott was the first Portland Beavers player to top the PCL in home runs since and he was the first Portland batter to win the RBI title in the leagues modern era.
Knott was recalled to the Orioles on June 23, , to replace the injured Miguel Tejada. He was optioned back to the Norfolk Tides on June 29. He was recalled again on July 14, this time to occupy the roster spot vacated when third baseman Melvin Mora went on the disabled list. Knott was designated for assignment by the Orioles on September 9, 2007, and became a free agent at the end of the season.
On January 6, , he signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins. Knott opened the 2008 season with the Twins' Triple-A team, the Rochester Red Wings. He played in 17 games for the Red Wings, batting .182 with a home run and three RBI. He was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies during the season and became a free agent after the season ended. He was signed by the independent Atlantic League's Camden Riversharks on May 29, 2009. On August 25, 2009 Knott was signed by the Milwaukee Brewers and assigned to their Triple-A affiliate, the Nashville Sounds. He filed for free agency after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="5957224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957224" title="Hollywood String Quartet">
Hollywood String Quartet

The Hollywood String Quartet (HSQ) was an American string quartet founded by violinist/conductor Felix Slatkin and his wife cellist Eleanor Aller. The Hollywood String Quartet is considered to be the first American-born and trained classical music chamber group to make an international impact, mainly through its landmark recordings. These recordings have long been regarded as among the most outstanding recorded performances of the string quartet repertoire.
History.
The musicians of the Hollywood String Quartet were the leading players in the major movie studio orchestras producing the vibrant, lush film soundtracks during the “Golden Age of Hollywood.” In 1939, the same year as their marriage, Felix Slatkin and Eleanor Aller formed the HSQ.
In its original formation, Slatkin and Aller were joined by violist Paul Robyn and second violinist Joachim Chassman. However, the group disbanded soon thereafter when the three male members enlisted in WWII service. The HSQ resumed its activities in 1947, with Paul Shure replacing Chassman as second violinist. In 1955, Paul Robyn left the group and Alvin Dinkin assumed the viola chair.
In addition to their work in the Hollywood studio orchestras and recording classical repertoire, the HSQ members regularly performed as session musicians at the major record companies, including Capitol Records. At Capitol, they accompanied some of the leading pop performers of the era, most notably Frank Sinatra, for whom Felix Slatkin acted as concertmaster and occasional conductor on his now iconic Capitol recordings during the 1950s. Among these recordings was the 1956 "Close to You", which featured the HSQ accompanying Sinatra in arrangements by Nelson Riddle.
The HSQ officially disbanded in 1961. Slatkin died two years later at the age of 47.
The musicians.
The musicians of the HSQ were all the progeny of Russian immigrants. All excelled musically in their youth and were formally trained at either the Juilliard School or the Curtis Institute of Music. The musicians were:
Felix Slatkin (1915-1963) Violin; Studied at Curtis with renowned violinist Efrem Zimbalist and conducting with Fritz Reiner; at age 15 was a member of the St. Louis Symphony under conductor Vladimir Golschmann; Concert Master of the 20th Century Fox Studio Orchestra (1937-1963) and the Capitol Records Sinatra recording sessions; conductor of the Concert Arts Orchestra and Hollywood Bowl Symphony Orchestra.
Eleanor Aller Slatkin (1917-1995) Cello; Studied at Juilliard with Felix Salmond; First cello with the Warner Bros. Studio Orchestra from 1939-1968 and with the 20th Century Fox Orchestra from 1972-1985.
Paul Shure (1921-2011) Second Violin; Studied at Curtis with Joseph Achron; youngest player in the Philadelphia Orchestra at age 18 under conductor Leopold Stokowski; Assistant Concertmaster at 20th Century Fox; left the HSQ in 1958 and shortly thereafter assumed a faculty position at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music; concertmaster of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra from 1972-1987 as well as other major west coast ensembles. After Shure's departure from the HSQ, Joseph Stepansky joined the Quartet for concert tours.
Paul Robyn (1908-1970) Viola; Studied at Juilliard with Joseph Fuchs, Samuel Gardner and Hans Letz; Violist with the Gordon String Quartet (1931-1935); Principal Violist at Warner Brothers; Left the HSQ in 1955; replaced by Alvin Dinkin. 
Alvin Dinkin (1912-1970) Viola; Studied at Curtis with Louis Bailly; played in St. Louis Symphony and 20th Century Fox Orchestras with Felix Slatkin.
In addition, pianist Victor Aller (1905-1977) was featured on several HSQ recordings, including the acclaimed Brahms Piano Quintets. Aller, the brother of cellist Eleanor, studied at Juilliard under Josef Lhévinne. He had a long and distinguished career as a pianist in the film industry and manager of the Warner Bros. Studio Orchestra, and as a teacher and recording artist.
The HSQ sound.
The Slatkins’ elder son, conductor Leonard Slatkin, has observed that the similarities among musicians’ backgrounds and music training impacts their technique and resulting sound as an ensemble: "With the Hollywood String Quartet, you had four people who basically had the same kind of training; four people who were more or less of the same age group and who approached music in almost identical ways."
The resulting sound has been acclaimed for its “remarkable transparency of texture…this clarity was due in part to their excellent intonation and partly through their thorough preparation…what set them above…was their ability to combine warmth, color, and intensity with intellectual rigor, firm rhythm and an intuitive grasp of a work’s architecture.” Music critic and historian Alfred Frankenstein wrote after attending an HSQ concert: ”This is a quartet to rank with the great international organizations in the field…it has magnificent collective tone, a superb style that overlooks no fine detail but also sweeps through the major lines of a big work with almost symphonic vigor, and a general concept of music-making that is in tradition of the ensemble.
Five years later, a New York Times concert review echoed Frankenstein's comments: the HSQ produced a “luminous tone, whether in pianissimo or fortissimo...at its best as in the Schubert work, which was played with incredible tonal nuance and expert musicianship, the Hollywood Quartet would have to be listed among the world’s great chamber music ensembles.” 
Violinist Paul Shure has noted, “… we made room for each other technically and soloistically-but the blend of sound was the main thing…you draw the sound by your ability; the kind of vibrato you use, the way you apply pressure to the bow…these are all very subtle techniques in string playing." Shure has also stated: “Dynamics were a very big part of our work. Our discussions were always about dynamics and a little bit about tempi, and nothing else. We played with vibrato except where there was a particular effect to be had-no dead left hands were allowed.” 
Cellist Eleanor Aller also commented: “Nothing was done without thought…it was dependent on who the composer was, and the musical content…just to play the notes is not making music.” Aller has also stated that the group practiced every day for two years before its first public concert debut.
The classical recordings.
From 1949–1958, the HSQ recorded a series of classical albums for Capitol Records; some of these recordings were re-released in boxed LP sets by EMI in the 1980s and in CD format by Testament Records during the 1990s. From their first recording of the then relatively unknown Villa Lobos "String Quartet No. 6 in E" to their Grammy-winning recordings of the Beethoven "Late Quartets", the HSQ discography set a standard of excellence heralded by critics and embraced by the public. As stated by critic Richard Freed in discussing a 1982 EMI compilation release, “The Hollywood String Quartet may have been the finest such ensemble ever formed in this country…each of these performances could serve as a sort of norm for the interpretation of the respective work. Both individual and ensemble playing are on the highest level, and the balance between subtlety and passion is quite remarkable; the Schubert in particular is a gem. EMI has done a beautiful job of remastering the recordings, which were state of the art for their time.”
The recordings garnered similar enthusiasm upon their initial release. Commenting on record of compositions by Creston, Turina, and Wolf, Gramophone Magazine's Lionel Salter wrote: "Once again the Hollywood Quartet shows what a masterly ensemble it is; I for one always look forward to its new records and have never yet been faced with a performance of less than the highest class. The tone of all the members is warm and well-balanced, they play with unshakable unaniminity and suppleness…”
A complete classical discography is located at the end of this article. The discography includes a sampling of critical assessments. With the exception of the first record, the original recordings were produced by either Richard C. Jones or Robert E. Myers with engineering by John Palladino, Sherwood Hall III, Hugh Davies, or Carson Taylor (as noted). The CD reissues, released between 1993-1997, were remastered by Paul Bally at the Abbey Road Studios; Stewart Brown, Executive Producer.
The HSQ and modern repertoire.
The HSQ repertoire included several contemporary compositions, including pieces that had not previously been recorded. Prior to the HSQ's 1950 recording, Arnold Schoenberg's "Verklärte Nacht" had only been released in a version for orchestra, although it was originally written for six instruments. Joined by Alvin Dinkin on second viola and Kurt Reher on second cello, the HSQ recording of the sextet in its original form was heralded by the composer, who wrote the original liner notes for the LP jacket. In a taped interview years later, cellist Eleanor Aller was visibly moved as she recalled receiving a photo inscribed by Schoenberg: “For the Hollywood String Quartet for playing my "Verklärte Nacht" with such subtle beauty."
In 1994, Gramophone Magazine inducted the CD re-issue of "Verklärte Nacht", coupled with the Schubert "String Quintet in C, Op. 163, D 956" into its Hall of Fame in the “Historical Non-Vocal” category. Gramophone Magazine stated that the recording was “unsurpassed...they have incomparable ensemble and blend; and their impeccable technical address and consummate tonal refinement silence criticism.” Writing about a 1952 concert performance in San Francisco which he described as “epical”, music historian Alfred Frankenstein said: "Perhaps the Schoenberg was the most important of the three pieces…for it has seldom been presented here in its original form, as a chamber work for six musicians. In this version, it possesses a magical transparency and beauty of texture which are lost in the more familiar version for string orchestra, and none of its coloristic or expressive marvels was slighted in Sunday's performance.”
The HSQ was the first to record the "String Quartet in A Minor" by Sir William Walton. At that time, the first recording of a work had to receive the composer’s approval prior to release. In the first (unreleased) version recorded in November, 1949, the HSQ eliminated the repeat in the second movement; the musicians felt it detracted from the excitement of the composition. However, Walton did not concur with the change, resulting in a re-recording of the movement in August, 1950. The released version received the composer’s enthusiastic endorsement:“...I hope no one else ever records my Quartet again, because you captured so exactly what I had wanted..." Walton’s music publisher from Oxford University Press also wrote to violist Paul Robyn: "I felt I would like to add…how much Dr. Walton and I enjoyed your playing of the very prominent viola part of this work. Would there not be a chance one day that you could play his Viola Concerto…?” However, Robyn never recorded Walton’s Viola Concerto. 
Similarly, composer Paul Creston responded to their 1953 recording of his "Quartet" by writing to the album's producer Robert Myers: “I am tremendously pleased with the performance and reproduction of the work…would you be so kind as to convey my deepest appreciation and gratitude to the Hollywood String Quartet for their splendid execution. Reports of their fine abilities had already reached me before I was fortunate enough to become acquainted with them, and I am delighted that they were chosen to permanently preserve my composition.”
"Close to You"; Recording with Sinatra.
Another highlight of the HSQ's recording legacy is the 1956 Frank Sinatra album "Close to You" produced by Voyle Gilmore; a series of popular songs arranged by Nelson Riddle in an impressionistic blend of popular, classical and jazz influences. "Close to You" was a unique project, a scaled-down approach to popular music which remains among Sinatra's most enduring albums. The project was in part the product of Frank Sinatra's close professional and personal friendship with Felix and Eleanor Slatkin. 
In "Sessions with Sinatra; Frank Sinatra and the Art of Recording", Sinatra historian Chuck Granata observes "In Slatkin, Sinatra found a kindred spirit, as the violinist's immaculate playing paralleled what Sinatra sought to achieve with his voice; serious listeners will note many similarities comparing Sinatra’s and Slatkin’s individual approaches to musical interpretation. One hallmark of the HSQ was its long, smooth phrasing which was accomplished through controlled bowing techniques; Sinatra utilized breath control to realize the same effect. Likewise where Felix would frequently add slight upward portamento to a critical note and neatly strike an emotional chord, the singer would often inflect a note upward or downward or seamlessly glide from one key to another."
Granata observes that the concept behind "Close to You" was "...extremely progressive by the standard of its day." He further concludes that "from a thematic standpoint, of all the Sinatra LPs of his 'golden era,' "Close to You" comes closest to perfection."
Touring.
The HSQ toured in the United States seven times, and visited Canada and New Zealand, but due to the musicians’ extensive studio commitments, concerts were primarily performed in Southern California. However, the HSQ was the first American quartet to be invited to the Edinburgh Festival during a 1957 tour that also included appearances in Stockholm, Rome and the Royal Albert Hall in London. A live recording of select Royal Albert Hall performances was issued in CD form in 1996.
Honors and awards.
The nascent National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) initiated the Grammy Awards in 1958, toward the end of the HSQ’s recording career. At the first Grammy ceremony, the HSQ recording of the Beethoven "Quartet No. 13" was awarded the Grammy for Best Classical Performance, Chamber Music (including Chamber Orchestra). Felix Slatkin was also a Trustee of the Los Angeles Chapter of NARAS.
In 1994, the Hollywood String Quartet won the prestigious Gramophone Magazine Award in the “Historic Non-Vocal” category for the Testament Records compact disc of the Schoenberg "Verklärte Nacht" and Schubert "Quintet in C Major".
In 1997, the Cannes Classical Award voted by an international panel of record reviewers honored the recording of the "Late Beethoven Quartets" and honored the Hollywood String Quartet with its Lifetime Achievement Award, accepted by Paul Shure, at the time the last surviving HSQ member.
Personal legacy.
Eleanor and Felix Slatkin’s two sons enjoy significant careers in music. Leonard Slatkin is a noted orchestra conductor and currently the music director of the Detroit Symphony and the Orchestre National de Lyon. Frederick Zlotkin (who adopted the original family surname) is the first cello of the New York City Ballet Orchestra and a member of the Lyric Piano Quintet. 
The HSQ has no connection with the group which calls itself “the New Hollywood String Quartet.”

</doc>
<doc id="5957236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957236" title="Andrew A. Stone">
Andrew A. Stone

Andrew Alexis Stone was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Tennessee for one season in 1910, compiling a record 3–5–1. He also coached the Tennessee Volunteers basketball team during the 1910–1911 season, tallying a mark of 7–9. Stone also served in the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1913 to 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="5957245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957245" title="Archi-writing">
Archi-writing

Archi-writing () is a term used by French philosopher Jacques Derrida in his attempt to re-orient the relationship between speech and writing. 
Derrida argued that as far back as Plato, speech had been always given priority over writing. In the West, phonetic writing was considered as a secondary imitation of speech, a poor copy of the immediate living act of speech. Derrida argued that in later centuries philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau and linguist Ferdinand de Saussure both gave writing a secondary or parasitic role. In Derrida's essay "Plato's Pharmacy", he sought to question this prioritising by firstly complicating the two terms speech and writing.
According to Derrida, this complication is visible in the Greek word φάρμακον "pharmakon", which meant both "cure" and "poison." Derrida noted that Plato argued that writing was "poisonous" to memory, since writing is a mere repetition, as compared to the living memory required for speech. Derrida points out however, that since both speech and writing rely upon repetition they cannot be completely distinguished.
In the neologism "archi-writing", "archi-" meaning "origin, principle or telos," attempts to go beyond the simple division of writing/speech. Archi-writing refers to a kind of writing that precedes both speech and writing. Derrida argued that Archi-writing is, in a sense, language, in that it is already there before we use it, it already has a pregiven, yet malleable, structure/genesis, which is a semi-fixed set-up of different words and syntax. This "fixedness" is the writing to which Derrida refers, just such a 'writing' can even be seen in cultures that do not employ "writing", it could be seen in notches on a rope or barrel, fixed customs, or placements around the living areas.
Philosopher John R. Searle argued that most of Derrida's concepts were characterized by a "breathtaking implausibility," being based on an "eccentric reading of the history of Western philosophy", which overlooks or misstates many important details of philosophy and language (e.g., Derrida distorts Saussure's structural linguistics).

</doc>
<doc id="5957256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957256" title="Gladstone–MacDonald pact">
Gladstone–MacDonald pact

The Gladstone–MacDonald pact of 1903 was a secret informal electoral agreement negotiated by Herbet Gladstone, Liberal Party Chief Whip, and Ramsay MacDonald, Secretary of the Labour Representation Committee (LRC). The Liberal Party agreed to withdraw parliamentary candidates in some constituencies where the LRC was also standing in order to make sure the anti-Conservative vote was not split.
There was increasing tension between the Liberal Party and the LRC since the latter's formation in 1900. For example, in the by-election for Clitheroe in 1902, local cotton weavers refused to withdraw their candidate, David Shackleton, who was not an approved Lib-Lab candidate. Gladstone therefore withdrew the Liberal candidate and Shackleton was elected unopposed. This was one of the main reasons behind the formation of the pact. In the general election of 1906 31 of the 50 LRC candidates contested seats where the Liberals agreed not to put up a candidate. 24 of the 29 LRC MPs elected in that election were in seats where the Liberals did not stand.

</doc>
<doc id="5957272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957272" title="List of service rifles of national armies">
List of service rifles of national armies

This is a list of service rifles of national armies.

</doc>
<doc id="5957277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957277" title="Picaresqueties">
Picaresqueties

Picaresqueties is a five-track EP released by the band The Decemberists as a companion disc to the double-vinyl edition of their LP "Picaresque". It contains previously unreleased material from the "Picaresque" recording sessions.
Besides being packaged with "Picaresque" on vinyl, "Picaresqueties" can also be purchased from the iTunes Store, eMusic,and Amazon Mp3.

</doc>
<doc id="5957290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957290" title="Pat Rapp">
Pat Rapp

Patrick Leland Rapp (born July 13, 1967 in Jennings, Louisiana) is a former right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. 
Rapp attended the University of Southern Mississippi. He was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 15th round of the 1989 amateur draft. He played all or part of ten seasons in the majors, from 1992 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5957294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957294" title="Linares Province">
Linares Province

Linares () is one of four provinces of the central Chilean region of Maule (VII). The provincial capital and most populous center is the city of Linares.
Administration.
As a province, Cachapoal is a second-level administrative division of Chile, governed by a provincial governor who is appointed by the president. The provincial governor is Luis Suazo Roca.
Communes.
The province comprises eight communes, each governed by a municipality consisting of an alcalde and municipal council.
Geography and demography.
The province is located at the very center of mainland Chile, and its capital lies 303 km south of Santiago and 50 km south of Talca, the regional capital, in the middle of a rich agricultural and wine-growing area.
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute ("INE"), the province spans an area of and had a population of 253,990 inhabitants (127,063 men and 126,927 women), giving it a population density of . Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population grew by 3.1% (7,699 persons). Forty five percent of the population of the province live in rural areas, as compared with 33% in the Maule Region and 13% in Chile as a whole. This characteristic gives Linares a special cultural and socioeconomic profile among the Chilean provinces.
Climate.
Linares has a mild Mediterranean climate. The summers are hot and mainly dry (November to March) with temperatures reaching up to 32 degrees Celsius on the hottest days. The winters (late May to mid September) tend to be rather humid and rainy, with typical maximum daily temperatures of 15 degrees Celsius, and minimum just above freezing. The rainfall is more abundant in the eastern as well as the southern part of the province (Parral), and the effects of this are seen in the good conditions for rice cultivation in the latter area. Irrigation is used to a large extent.
Economy.
Thanks to favorable climatic conditions and good natural irrigation, the province of Linares has been able to diversify its agriculture. Also, the wine making industry has been making inroads in both national and international markets. The province's major and more profitable crops include cereals (rice, wheat, and maize among them), vegetables (tomatoes, cauliflower, lettuce, onions, and artichokes), legumes (lentils and beans), fruit (especially kiwi fruit, pears, apples, berries, table grapes, melons, watermelons, peaches, and nectarines), and sugar beets. Several varieties of wine are produced in the province, which is part of the Maule Valley, a sub-region of the viticultural region of the Chilean Central Valley.
Linares produces 74% of the Chilean rice crop, particularly in the area around Parral. The province exports wines, table grapes, kiwi fruit, berries, and several other agricultural products. The city of Linares is an important center of the Chilean sugar-beet industry.
Culture.
A remarkable number of writers, poets and, in general, intellectuals (see below) have been born in the province of Linares. Among them is Pablo Neruda, the famous poet and Nobel prize-winner, who was born in the city of Parral. Also, the province of Linares is home to some of the best folklore in Chile, and one of its most famous folklorists is Margot Loyola Palacios, noted singer, composer and folklore researcher and erudite. There are many active folklore groups in the province.

</doc>
<doc id="5957295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957295" title="High Zero">
High Zero

High Zero is an annual festival of Experimental Free Improvised Music hosted in Baltimore, Maryland, United States starting in 1999, and is one of the largest Free Music festivals in the US, if not the world. It is hosted by the Red Room Collective, a volunteer group that sponsors weekly concerts in improvised music and experimental theater, film, poetry, etc. in a side room of Normals Books and Records. Since 2001, the festival has been hosted at Baltimore's Theatre Project space. 
The festival focuses on non-idiomatic improvisation, vocal improvisation, instrument building, electronics, sound art, and community events. The main theatre-based performances aim to bring together improvisers who typically have never played together previously into novel live situations in front of festival audiences, creating, potentially, a new experiences for both audience and performer. 
High Zero draws from a large, international base of improvisors of many backgrounds, but traditionally gives half of the invitations for performance to Baltimore-based musicians and the other half to people from "elsewhere," whether that's Japan, thousands of miles away, or Philadelphia, about a hundred miles away. 
High Jinx, a part of the festival focused on site-specific and community events, is a unique appendix to the festival. Typical events include a musical bike ride, an invented instrument band, a parade through Fells Point, and other outdoor performances, many of them punning and witty.
The festival has yielded six CDs on the Recorded label, each based around a particular performer (in order of release: Carol Genetti, Joe McPhee, Katt Hernandez, Jack Wright, Oleyumi Thomas and Neil Feather), which have, as a result of the festival's format, yielded documents of scarcely documented performers, including John Berndt, Paul Hoskins, John Dierker, Jason Willett, Catherine Pancake, James Coleman, Sean Meehan, Michael Johnsen, Jerry Lim, Ian Nagoski, Dan Breen, Dave Gross, Andy Hayleck, Helena Espvall, Evan Rapport, Keenan Lawler, Christopher Meeder, and Jim Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="5957304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957304" title="Parkside, Philadelphia">
Parkside, Philadelphia

Parkside is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
Much of the Parkside neighborhood was built during the 1876 Centennial Exhibition. It is a National Register of Historic Places Historic District with many examples of Victorian architecture, some well-preserved, others in poor condition. The neighborhood was populated by German Americans, followed by Eastern European Jews, before becoming heavily African American after World War II. (Directly after WWII it was home to many displaced persons from Eastern Europe, which included Latvians.)
Coming in 2008 to this community is a shopping mall called the Park West Town Village Shopping Center. Its anchor stores are Shop Rite, Lowe's, McDonald's and CW Price. It will be located on North 52nd Street.
Parkside was the early home of gangsta rapper Schoolly D, and was referenced in his songs "PSK" (Park Side Killers) and "Parkside 5-2".

</doc>
<doc id="5957306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957306" title="Hot Dogma">
Hot Dogma

Hot Dogma, released in 1990, is the second full-length album by anonymous Australian band TISM. It was their major record debut on Phonogram Records. The title comes from a joining of the two phrases Hot Dog, a snack, and Dogma, a specific religious belief. An additional disc, Hot Dogma - The Interview Disc was added to initial sales copies and contains live responses by TISM to an unheard DJs questions.
Acceptance.
Due to its large amounts of tracks, recurring themes between tracks, and the culmination of TISM's rock period occurring on the album, it is said by some to be the best TISM album although many argue that their breakthrough 1995 release "Machiavelli and the Four Seasons" is their best.
Originally released on vinyl in 1990, the later released CD and cassette versions had more tracks than the original LP version. The version released in "Collected Recordings 1986-1993" (1995) had fewer tracks than any previous.
The varying track listings is due to TISM not liking the album. Humphrey B. Flaubert stated "No, no, I didn’t like Hot Dogma. I wince when I hear it", continuing that "it did have some good lyrics on it. I just hated the quintessentially 1980s music on it. I’ve always thought that TISM has always been unfashionably – to our own detriment at times – sort of not sounding like anyone else. And sometimes that sort of sheer dagginess... that album... because..." [http://www.fasterlouder.com.au/public/TISM_Full_Transcript.pdf]
Not finishing the thought, the conclusion was later drawn that guitarist at the time, Leek Van Vlalen, was to blame for the sound of the album as, according to Ron Hitler-Barassi, "he was making us look bad".
Even though the album was released in 1990, the songs themselves are older; "ExistentialTISM" and "Get Thee in My Behind, Satan" were performed at concerts in 1988, while "I'm Gonna Sit Right Down (And Whittle Away My Furniture)" dates back to 1985 and "Pus of the Dead" dates back to 1982 (a version was recorded in 1985 for "This Is Serious Mum"). Most of the other songs' titles can be seen in the releases appendix of the TISM Guide to Little Aesthetics, which contains tracklists of all their releases up to 1989 (including bedroom tapes).
Cover and liner notes.
The cover of the album features what appear to be Chinese Red Guards carrying a large banner with TISM written across it and carrying what, on first look, appears to be Mao Zedong's "Little Red Book", but is on closer inspection "The TISM Guide To Little Aesthetics", a book by TISM which at the time of the album's release did not exist. The artwork closely resembled posters of the time of Mao's reign.
The Chinese on the cover translates into "The unification of the proletariat under the banner of TISM".
An alternative cover was intended to be used when Phonogram re-released the album on 13 December 1993 however, the original cover was used and the alternate artwork was not used for another two years when the album would be re-released again in the "Collected Recordings" box set.
The back cover of the album has the track lists in Chinese. Supposedly a batch of the CDs with English track lists were printed by mistake and then shipped to Polygram's Asian markets.
In one of TISM's many references to Australian Football League football, the liner notes, which chronicle the rise, fall and disbanding of TISM, and the band members individual exploits around the world, were credited to E.J. Whitten, argued by some to be the greatest AFL player of all time; a picture of Whitten appeared on the cover of the EP "Gentlemen, Start Your Egos" (1991).
"Hot Dogma - The Interview Disc".
"Hot Dogma - The Interview Disc" is a related 7" record by TISM, it was given away to customers who bought initial copies of "Hot Dogma". This record contains an interview with TISM and blank spaces for a DJ to insert the questions, only the answers to the questions are heard. Both sides contain the same interview.
After "Hot Dogma".
Six months later, due to TISM's extravagant nature for live show demands and other incidental requests, PolyGram fired TISM due to the band amounting thousands of dollars in debt.
TISM signed to Shock Records soon after, who bought and re-released TISM's back catalogue. "Hot Dogma" was not re-released, although it was re-released by Polygram in 1993. It was also left out of the re-release by Festival Mushroom Records in 2001. A cut-down 14 track version was released by Shock as part of the "Collected Recordings 1986-1993" box set, with 8 bonus tracks.
Track listing.
CD and cassette versions.
Please note that on the iTunes release, "Life Kills" and the unlisted segue are one track.

</doc>
<doc id="5957314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957314" title="The Heart of a Monkey">
The Heart of a Monkey

The Heart of a Monkey is a Swahili fairy tale collected by Edward Steere in "Swahili Tales". Andrew Lang included it in "The Lilac Fairy Book". It is Aarne-Thompson 91.
Synopsis.
A monkey and a crocodile struck up a friendship. After a time, the crocodile said if the monkey would only come home with him, he would give him a gift, and offered to carry him. The monkey accepted, but half way there, the crocodile told him that the sultan of his country was deathly ill and needed a monkey's heart to cure him. The monkey said it was a pity, because if he had known, he could have brought his heart, but as it was, he had left it behind. The crocodile, deceived, brought him back to get it. The monkey instantly jumped up into the tree and was not to be lured back down. He told the crocodile a story of a washerman's donkey, which was twice persuaded to meet with a lion, and so lost its life the second time — and that the monkey was not a washerman's donkey.
Commentary.
J. R. R. Tolkien in his "On Fairy-Stories" cites this tale as an example of not a true fairy tale, because while the detached heart is a common fairy-tale motif, it appears in it only as a ploy.

</doc>
<doc id="5957331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957331" title="Bellard's formula">
Bellard's formula

Bellard's formula, as used by PiHex, the now-completed distributed computing project, is used to calculate the "n"th digit of π in base 2. It is a faster version (about 43% faster) of the Bailey–Borwein–Plouffe formula. 
Bellard's formula was discovered by Fabrice Bellard in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="5957338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957338" title="Chicago Pacific Corporation">
Chicago Pacific Corporation

The Chicago Pacific Corporation was a shell corporation created from the remains of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad. It managed to use much of the capital made from the liquidation of the Rock Island to acquire non-rail ventures such as The Hoover Company, Pennsylvania House/Kittinger, Inc., and Rowenta A.G.. In 1988, the now profitable company was acquired by the Maytag Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="5957363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957363" title="Aparan">
Aparan

Aparan (Armenian: ), is a town in Armenia, located in the Aragatsotn Province, about 50 kilometers northwest of the capital Yerevan. Aparan was known as "Bash Aparan" () until 1935. Throughout the history, the town was known with different names including "Kasagh", "Paraznavert", "Aparanpol" and "Aparan Verin". It has a mixed population of Armenians and Kurds, numbering 5,711 as of the 2001 census. The official population estimate in 2010 was 6,614.
Etymology and history.
It is commonly believed that the name of Aparan is derived from the Armenian word of "Aparank"; meaning a royal palace.
The first reference to the town of Aparan was made by Ptolemy during the 2nd century. Ptolemy referred to the settlement as "Casala"; the Hellenized version of the Armenian name of "Kasagh". It town was the centre of "Nig" canton of the Ayrarat province of ancient Armenia. Kasagh was under the administration of the "Gntunyan" Armenian noble family.
Starting from the 10th century, the settlement of Kasagh was mentioned as Aparan. The new name was originated from the village of Aparank located in the Moxoene province of the Kingdom of Armenia, when some remains from the ancient Armenian monastery of Surp Khach of Aparan were transferred to the town of Kasagh. However, the 17th-century Armenian historian "Zakarya of Kanaker", used to name of Kasagh to refer to Aparan. During the 18th century, the town was known as "Bash-Aparan". The town remained under the name of "Bash-Aparan" until 1935, when it was officially changed into Aparan.
being one of the oldest surviving churches in the Armenian highland, the famous Aparan Basilica of the Holy Sign of Cross was built by the end of the 4th century. The church is undated and was partly restored in 1877.
20th century and above.
During the years of the Armenian Genocide, many Armenian refuge families arrived in Aparan from the Western Armenian cities of Van, Mush, Alashkert and Karin between 1914-1918. Many other families had also arrived from the Eastern Armenian town of Khoy.
The town was the site of the famous Battle of Abaran against the Turkish army on May 21, 1918 during the Turkish-Armenian War, when the Turkish invasion of the newly independent Democratic Republic of Armenia was turned around. An impressive monument to the battle was erected in 1978 just north of the town.
Currently, Aparan has 3 public education schools and one musical school.
Aparan is famous for the production of rugs and carpets. The town is an important centre for dairy products as well.
Geography and climate.
Historically, Aparan is located in Nig canton of Ayrarat Province of the Kingdom of Armenia Mayor.
Modern-day Aparan is built on the eastern slopes of Mount Aragats with an elevation of 1880 metres above sea level. The town is located 42 km north of Yerevan and 32 km north of the provincial capital Ashtarak, on Armenia's main north-south road that connects the Armenian capital Yerevan with the Georgian capital Tbilisi, passing through the cities of Spitak and Vanadzor.
Aparan has an Alpine climate in general with the influence of cold semi-arid climate. the town is characterized with snowy winters and mild humid summers. The average temperature is around -7°C in winter and 18°C in summer. The annual precipitation amount is between 450-600 millimetres.

</doc>
<doc id="5957368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957368" title="Connetquot School District">
Connetquot School District

The Connetquot Central School District of Islip is the name of a school district located in Bohemia, New York, Ronkonkoma, New York, Sayville, New York and Oakdale, New York, USA. There are seven elementary schools, two middle schools, and one senior high school.
Schools.
Preschool.
Arthur Premm 
History.
In 1960, with continuing suburban growth, voters in the existing Oakdale-Bohemia and Ronkonkoma school districts voted to consolidate their two districts, which paved the way for construction of a high school.
In January 1962, the entire district was shuttered for a week due to an outbreak of scarlet fever.
School Shooting Plot: In July 2007, the school district received national attention when two teenagers who attended Connetquot High School were arrested for planning an attack on the school in the Connetquot High School Plot. The plans reportedly include a hit list of students and staff and how to ignite explosives. According to a local radio station website, students interviewed said that they were not surprised of the arrests because of the many bomb scares in the 2006-2007 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="5957393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957393" title="Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion">
Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion

Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion is a 1986 EP by the anonymous Australian band TISM. It was only ever released as a 12" vinyl record and is very hard to find today. The material was rereleased in 1991 on the album "Gentlemen, Start Your Egos".
The first pressings had a blue cover and a poster featuring Jimi Hendrix in a KKK uniform and an excerpt from the then-fictional "TISM Guide to Little Aesthetics", two more of which were featured on the gatefold. When the album was rereleased in 1988, it had a red cover, Musicland stickers on the back and no poster. The quality of the cardboard was noticeably poorer compared to the original pressings. Both pressings were limited to 2000 copies.
The album rose to Number 1 on the Australian Alternative Charts.
Side 1 was professionally recorded at the Timbertop Studios in multiple takes and professionally mixed and mastered. Side 2 was recorded live to VHS tape in TISM's loungeroom in Richmond and mastered directly to the LP. The tracks recorded in the Timbertop sessions were originally meant to be a 7" single for "Mistah Eliot - He Wanker".

</doc>
<doc id="5957405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957405" title="Emily Perry (English actress)">
Emily Perry (English actress)

Patricia Emily Perry (28 June 1907 – 19 February 2008) was an English actress and dancer. Born in Torquay, Devon, England, she was best known for her recurring role as Madge Allsop, Dame Edna Everage's long-suffering, silent "bridesmaid" from Palmerston North, New Zealand.
Early life and career.
According to one obituary, Perry first appeared on stage at the Theatre Royal, Birmingham, at the age of four. Her father, who was an accountant, was reportedly shocked by her desire to become an actor, although he nevertheless paid her tuition fees at dance school and even permitted her to use the family home for her first audition.
Perry subsequently appeared as a singer, dancer and actress in pantomime and music halls. She played the role of Susan in "The Desert Song" for twelve years, and also toured in "The Student Prince" and "The Belle of New York". During the Second World War, she performed with ENSA. Around 1960, she founded a children's dancing school, "The Patricia Perry Academy of Dancing", based in Crystal Palace in South London, which she ran for twenty-five years before deciding to return to acting in 1984. At that time, there was another actress named Patricia Perry, so she adopted her middle name, Emily, as her stage name.
Madge Allsop.
Although the character of Madge Allsop was created by Barry Humphries during the 1960s, she was only mentioned in passing by Dame Edna and did not actually appear on stage until the late 1970s, when she was portrayed by the London-based Australian actress Madeleine Orr. Orr died of cancer in 1979, so when the role of Madge was written into Humphries' 1987 film "Les Patterson Saves the World", she was portrayed by another Australian actress, Connie Hobbs. Later that year, when Humphries decided to cast "the definitive Madge" for his new TV series, "The Dame Edna Experience", he auditioned many elderly actresses for what would be a recurring role. As he recalled, "All of them tried too hard. Some were whimsical, some camp, but most were far too over the top to resemble an oppressed, inarticulate New Zealand spinster whom life had passed by." Perry herself later recalled: "I did nothing at the audition, and I've done nothing since." Humphries paid tribute to Perry in the second volume of his autobiography, ascribing her with "the rare gift of being able to do nothing in the face of overwhelming provocation".
Perry's portrayal of Madge Allsop in "The Dame Edna Experience" was well-received, and she subsequently reprised the role in many of Humphries' other TV specials, including "One more Audience with Dame Edna Everage" (1988), "A Night on Mount Edna" (1990), "Dame Edna's Neighbourhood Watch" (1992) and "Dame Edna's Hollywood" (1993). Madge became something of a cult figure – much to the apparent annoyance of Dame Edna – and appeared in a coffee commercial in the late 1980s.
In 1997, she made a memorable appearance as Madge Allsop on a Comic Relief TV Special, in which she danced and sang 'Today I Feel So Happy'. She was to have been accompanied on the piano by Andrew Lloyd Webber but, as he did not know the music, a member of the audience was conscripted instead, with Webber turning the pages of the sheet music. This brief performance, which represented the only time that Madge Allsop has ever spoken on camera, received a huge ovation from the studio audience.
Perry's last on-screen appearance as Madge Allsop was a cameo in the TV special "Dame Edna lives at the Palace" (2003), in which the then 91-year-old actress was 'caught' in bed with Ozzy Osbourne.
Other appearances.
As an actress in her own right, her filmography is limited to her appearances with Dame Edna, except for a 1995 appearance, in her late eighties, on an episode of "Last of the Summer Wine" as "Mrs. Broadbent". She appeared as herself in "Night of a Thousand Faces" (2001).
Later life and death.
Perry retired in 2004 and took up residence in Brinsworth House, Twickenham.
She died on 19 February 2008 in Twickenham, South West London, England, aged 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5957421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957421" title="Gentlemen, Start Your Egos">
Gentlemen, Start Your Egos

Gentlemen, Start Your Egos is a 1991 album by anonymous Australian band TISM, a compilation of material from TISM's first release, the e.p. Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion (1986), b-sides from singles for the Great Truckin' Songs of the Renaissance (1988) album and a live track from the Incontinent In Ten Continents (1991) video. 
The man on the front cover is former Footscray and Australian rules football legend Ted Whitten. Oscar Wilde appears on the back.
The original release in 1991 had a sepiatone cover and no writing on the front cover, however the title was seen on a sticker affixed to the front of the jewel case. The 1996 reissue had the more widely known grayscale cover, which was carried over when Festival Mushroom Records reissued most of TISM's back catalogue in 2001. As for the tracklisting on the inside of the insert, the background on the 1991 issue was plain white, but the 1996 and 2001 issues had the original Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion artwork as the backdrop, however the original image of T.S. Eliot used on the 1986 EP was replaced by a completely different but similar looking image.
The version of "Take Your Love" on this album is different from the version on the original EP: the original EP's version was recorded live to VHS tape on 7 September 1986 and had samples of the version of the early track "The Art-Income Dialectic" that was released as a B-side to the "Defecate on My Face" single fading in and out throughout the track. The version included here was recorded in January 1985 during the sessions for their self-titled demo tape and included samples of talk radio. A version of this song with the talk radio samples arranged differently was included as one of two hidden tracks on "Collected Recordings 1986-1993", alongside "A Tale of Two Faeces", another outtake from the demo tape sessions.
The iTunes release of the original EP has the version from this album in place of the original.
Track listing.
Track 4 is a different version to the one on the original EP. The version appearing here was recorded in 1985 in TISM's bedroom. The version appearing on this release was preferred by TISM due to the tape loops fading out and in throughout the track.

</doc>
<doc id="5957428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957428" title="Carrie Akre">
Carrie Akre

Carrie Akre (born September 24, 1966) is a musician best known for her work with Seattle underground bands Hammerbox and Goodness.
Since Goodness disbanded in 1998, she has contributed vocals to the project band The Rockfords (which included Pearl Jam's Mike McCready on guitar) and released three solo albums. She releases albums on her own label, My Way Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5957430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957430" title="We Live Here">
We Live Here

We Live Here is an album by the Pat Metheny Group, released in 1995 by Geffen Records. The album eschews the Group's Brazilian-tinged jazz for downtempo and world music, incorporating a slick modern sound coupled with drum loops and sampling. This album shows a high level of collaboration between Lyle Mays and Pat Metheny having composed almost all the songs together except "Episode d'Azur".
In the 1990s, the group embarked on a tour under the name of this album. A live performance in Japan was recorded in 1995, with Brazilian percussionist Armando Marçal (a.k.a. Marçalzinho) joining for the concert.
Track listing.
All songs were composed by Pat Metheny & Lyle Mays, except "Episode d'Azur", which was composed by Lyle Mays.
Personnel.
With the following musicians making guest appearances:

</doc>
<doc id="5957454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957454" title="Kingsview Village">
Kingsview Village

Kingsview Village is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the north end of the former city of Etobicoke, and is bounded on the north by Highway 401, on the east by the Humber River and St. Phillips Road, on the south by Dixon Road. It is relatively close to Toronto Pearson International Airport in Mississauga, and TTC bus routes connect it to the rest of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="5957457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5957457" title="The Beasts of Suburban">
The Beasts of Suburban

The Beasts of Suburban is a 1992 EP by anonymous Australian band TISM. The title is an obvious play on the name of another Australian band, Beasts of Bourbon.
This is the first TISM release to feature Tokin' Blackman on guitar, having replaced Leek Van Vlalen.
Track listing.
On the cassette version of the EP, the same program is repeated on both sides of the tape.
The silence on Mourningtown Ride was reduced to one minute in the Collected Recordings version. On the rerelease with the Australia the Lucky Cunt EP, the silence was moved to the end of "Recorded by JJJ, 23/01/93, Melbourne Showgrounds" with Loser, Losing, Lost merged to the track, giving it a total length of 11:53.
Controversy.
Feminist groups in Australia criticized TISM as sexist for their use of Sophie Lee in Get Thee to a Nunnery from the EP Beasts of Suburban. The song allegedly protests the use of sex to sell a product via Lee's appointment as a presenter on Australia's Channel 9 Looney Tunes cartoon show, which is infamous for her often highly suggestive wardrobe: "Urban myth has it that middle-aged men used to rush home from work in time to watch Sophie throw to Bugs Bunny cartoons." Lee described it as "a boring song by a boring bunch of bourgeois boys." 

</doc>
