<doc id="5980941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980941" title="List of Robotboy characters">
List of Robotboy characters

This is a list of characters from the French and British animated television series "Robotboy".
Main characters.
Robotboy.
Robotboy possesses many superhuman abilities, such as the ability to fly, tremendous strength and super speed. He also is very equipped with unbreakable armour, weapons and gadgets ranging from an internal compass to a missile launcher. When he enters Superactive mode, his abilities increase. In this form, he is nearly unstoppable. He runs on double-A batteries. Despite his robotic abilities, he longs to be a human like everyone else. He is also known to have a violent temper, such as lashing out at people who harm his friends. He has three modes: deactivated, activated and super-activated. In deactivated mode, he is smaller in size and can only observe. In activated mode, he's able to do most of the things a human being can do except for eating and using the bathroom. He can also fight bad guys and use a variety of weapons such as the freeze gun (introduced and used only in the episode "The Boy Who Cried Kamikazi"). He can only be activated through Tommy's watch. In superactivated mode, which can only be initiated by Robotboy himself by hitting his hands together, he grows several times larger than his normal size, and his appearance changes. He can use a wide range of weapons, usually replacing his wrist and additional weapons can come out of his shoulders legs or ear tubes. He cannot express any emotions or talk. Voiced by Laurence Bouvard.
Tommy Turnbull.
Tommy Turnbull is a blond, square-headed, 10-year-old human boy who is the owner of Robotboy. He is depicted as a smart, responsible and sensitive boy with a strong sense of justice. He is voiced by Lorraine Pilkington. Tommy's best human friends are Gus and Lola.
Gus Turner.
Augustus Bachman Turner is a fat red-headed boy who is Tommy's best friend. He is voiced by Rupert Degas. He is very arrogant and loud-mouthed, and at times tries to take advantage of his friends for his personal gain and enjoyment, often leading to trouble for them. He often refers to himself as "The G-Man". He describes himself as an "action hero", boasting about numerous skills which he obviously does not actually possess, and is the self-proclaimed leader of the group.
Lola Mbola.
Lola Mbolắ is an African American girl who is the daughter of an extremely wealthy African ambassador. Her Mother is never seen or mentioned. She is voiced by Laurence Bouvard. Lola is depicted as the smart girl of the team and has even been shown to pilot vehicles such as a jet plane and a speedboat.
Supporting Allies.
Professor Moshimo.
Professor Moshimo is the creator of Robotboy, Robotgirl and Robotbird (also Protoboy and Robotman). He received a letter from Tommy Turnbull about him looking forward to his latest invention. As a result, Professor Moshimo sent him Robotboy to take care of. The Professor has a Japanese fiancee named Miumiu, who also acts as his assistant. He also created Protoboy, Robotman and Robotgirl. His former rivals are Dr. Kamikazi and Bjorn Bjornson. He is voiced by Togo Igawa.
Dwight Turnbull.
He is Tommy and Donnie's brown-haired, small-eyed father. Tommy's father works as a salesman of a shop that sells fitness equipment. He is an assertive person, always trying to get Tommy to play sports, so as not to be a girl. He once even got as far as quitting his job to become Tommy's full-time coach, when he noticed Tommy's cheating in tetherball (which is actually due to Robotboy helping him behind the scenes). Due to Tommy not liking sports, he tends to favor Donny more. He is voiced by Lewis MacLeod.
Debbie Turnbull.
Debbie is Tommy and Donnie's square-headed and red-headed mother. She is an average woman (beauty wise) and housewife, and is generally very kind to Tommy and not as assertive as Dwight. However, she is still willing to punish Tommy if he is seen to have done something terribly wrong; For example failing to tidy his room, or when Tommy was framed for stealing a toy even though it was Robotboy and for sneaking out to prove that he was innocent and didn't steal a toy. She is voiced by Laurence Bouvard.
Miumiu.
Professor Moshimo's fiancée and lab assistant. She is typically depicted as silent, however she speaks for the first time in the episode "Grow No-Mo". While she rarely talks, she does seem to be annoyed with Moshimo's many hobbies. She is voiced by Laurence Bouvard.
Robotgirl.
Robotgirl is a female version of Robotboy. She looks similar to Robotboy, except she's depicted as Pink and wears a Bow on her head. She is playful and curious and often gets herself and Robotboy into trouble. In the series, Robotgirl was created to keep Robotboy company while he was at Prof. Moshimo's brand new house for 2 weeks, while Tommy was on a family camping trip in the woods. In the episode 'Robotgirl' Prof. Moshimo asked Robotboy to spend the day with her and teach her what he has learned about being a real human. Like Robotboy, in her super-activate form, she looks taller, has a rounder head, and is mostly dark pink. She is voiced by Laurence Bouvard.
Ambassador Mbolắ.
Lola's father is a wealthy African ambassador. While he loves his daughter, he can be a bit uncaring, such as not caring that her beloved cat was missing instead just watching the news. He is voiced by Rupert Degas.
Jebedaiah and Hester Anuish.
Gus's steparents are Amish in origin, they do not own a car, only a horse and cart. They tend to "freak out" many characters of the series e.g. Robotboy.
Margaret (Teacher).
Tommy Donnie Gus and Lola's teacher.
Grandma Turnbull.
Dwight's mother and Tommy and Donnie's Grandma. She has a very laid-back, fun loving personality. She likes to challenge Donnie to wrestling which she always wins despite her age. Dwight is usually embarrassed with her as she still treats him like a child.
Guest Allies.
Santa Claus.
He hates Gus and fights Kamikazi's army with Robotboy. Unlike the traditional Santa Claus, he is depicted as very muscular and powerful. He also isn't as forgiving and kind as the traditional Santa, and he has a deep disliking for Gus. He takes pleasure in giving bad gifts to naughty children, namely Gus. For example: Santa stuffs his buttocks into a box and farts into it, ruining the scent of the gift inside forever, and causing the fart to douse the recipient who opens the gift. Santa has a knowledge of piloting skills and fighting styles. He is voiced by James Arnold Taylor.
Doctor.
Seen in "Sweet Revenge", "The Donnienator" (cameo) and "Tummy Trouble".
Booker.
Booker is the orphan boy from the Homely Home for Homeless Kids.
Main villains.
Constantine.
Constantine is a fat hunchbacked henchman of Dr. Kamikazi who also is a master of sumo wrestling. He is a sensitive and none too threatening sidekick to Dr. Kamikazi who mainly acts as his muscle power as well as his assistant. Constantine is also a refined chef, being able to create dishes ranging from Sashimi to tapas. It was seen in one episode that Constantine used to be an orphan before working for Kamikazi. He is also shown to be very strong holding his own against some clone dragons and even Robotboy for a while. He is voiced by Rupert Degas.
Despite looking like a Japanese version of a henchman, Constantine is actually Spanish.
Major villains.
Donnie Turnbull.
Donnie is the 2nd son in the turnbull family and Tommys major enemy and rival.
Kurt.
Kurt is the sadistic bully at Tommy's school, he has long blonde hair and is usually seen wearing a hat. He constantly bullies Gus and Tommy, as well as almost any other kid he finds. His father is a secret agent who occasionally uses Kurt to try and capture Robotboy. His mother is never seen or mentioned. He is voiced by Rupert Degas.
Noky: One of Kurt's friends/henchmen. He is the smallest bully. In the absence of Kurt, he is the leader of the group. He wears a dark red beanie which happens to have a bowling ball hidden inside.
Recurring Villains.
Kurt's father.
Kurt's father who dresses like a secret agent and sounds like Christopher Walken. His plan is to capture Robotboy and clone more Robotboys; At the end of the episode, he orders his subordinates to find out about Tommy and Robotboy. He can be seen in the episode as a cameo in "A Tale of Two Evil Geniuses", dressing like a clown in "Party Out of Bounds", Fighting Robotboy and Gus in "Wrestling With Gus", and working together with Tommy and Robotboy in "The Manchurian Robot". He's shown to abuse his authority as he got two criminals to play for his sons soccer team in exchange for "putting in a good word for your parole officers".
Bambi.
Bambi is the popular girl at Tommy's school and Kurt's girlfriend. She is blond with pigtails and can be seen wearing a cheerleader's outfit. Tommy blushes and is unable to talk when he sees her, much to Lola's dismay. She was once replaced by a robot by Dr. Kamikazi in an effort to defeat Robotboy. She seems to be very spiteful and mean towards Tommy, yet he still likes her. She is spoiled by her single mother, and is also rather 'air-headed.' She is voiced by Laurence Bouvard.
Bjorn Bjornson.
Bjorn Bjornson is an Norwegian child who attended Professor Moshimo's classes at the "School For the Wealthy and Smart", and is a jealous rival of Moshimo's works and Kamikazi's plans including Robotboy. He has also designed a robot equal in power to that of Robotboy called "Bjornbot". It can be seen in the episode "Runaway Robot" that he dislikes herrings. Voiced by Lewis MacLeod.
Bjornbot.
Bjornbot is a robotic lookalike of his creator Bjorn Bjornson. He has weapon capabilities and strength equal to that of Robotboy, and can Superactivate too. It seems that Bjorn himself has created several Bjornbots. Bjornbot has his own form of Superactivation. Unlike Robotboy, he lacks emotion and has a rather flat vocabulary (which consist mostly of the word "Ja!"). In the episode "Party Out of Bounds" he dressed like a girl and Bjorn called his Sister Bjorn. In more recent episodes, he seems to have become more hyperactive, being very jumpy and excited.
Claus Von Afonzügel.
A weak-bodied short man who wants Robotboy's parts to make himself stronger so that he can take revenge on everyone who has ever bullied or ridiculed him as a child because of his weakness(being so weak as to break his back trying to lift a toy ball). Always accompanied by his nanny mutated gorrila, Ludwig. First appeared in "Six Million Euro Man". Also he has a monkey as a henchmen. He is voiced by Rupert Degas.
Ludwing.
Claus's pet and henchman. He first met Afonzugel when he was a child after escaping from the zoo 30 years prior. He tends to carry Afonzugel in a baby holder on his chest. Being a Gorilla, he is very strong.
Felonious Hexx.
Gus's Archenemy with magical powers. He started off as a simple magician until Gus kept embarrassing him during his show. After sending him to another world with his powers, he was defeated by Robotboy and Gus was freed. Since then, his career fell apart and he was forced to take medical classes for 6 weeks. After this he had jobs such as a school nurse and a dentist. He heavily blames Gus for his life of misery as it was Gus's fault that Felonious Hexx's career plummeted.
Protoboy.
Protoboy was created by Dr. Moshimo in his earlier years. He had many of the same qualities as Robotboy, especially advanced fighting skills, but he lacked Robotboy's humanity. He was stolen by a young Dr. Kamikazi and Constantine. Kamikazi reprogrammed Protoboy's circuits and turned him evil, however, Kamikaze made Protoboy too evil and couldn't control him. Protoboy was disconnected by Constantine and placed in a reject closet. In the episode "Brother", after hearing about Protoboy, Robotboy, being sad that he had no family of his own, traveled to Kamikaze's lair and re-activated Protoboy, who then began protecting the city. When Robotboy used Super-Activation, Protoboy did as well. Robotboy and protoboy was nearly lie until he used the new weapon Dr. Moshimo gave him, which is essentially a limpet mine. As a result, Protoboy was lie and was seen again until 'The Old Switcharobot' when he switched bodies with Robotboy (only ending up with Robotboy's circuits by accident. This is also the episode in which Robotboy receives his unbreakable armour. He then returned in 'The Revenge of Protoboy' when he nearly disabled Robotboy, try no hurt a cruise ship that Tommy's parents were on. When Robotboy played possum Robotboy and Protoboy was not fighting
Minor villains.
Brainy-Yak.
Moshimo's nemesis. He was originally named Brian and was born from Moshimo's prized milk yak. Unfortunately, he wasn't very smart, which to a lot of ridicule from other yaks and a young Dr. Kamikazi. Moshimo hated the poor treatment Brian got so he performed Brain surgery on Brian which he learned from comics. Unfortunately, this made Brian too smart for the yaks. He ran away the next night, leaving a note telling Moshimo it's his fault he became a freak and that he hates him. Eventually he changed his name to Brain-Yak and was forced to sell test answers to school children as adults don't like a smarty-pants. He joined forces with Kamikazi who promised that Brian could destroy Moshimo for ruining his life. He lost his temper when he realized he was used by Kamikazi to get Robotboy. He was saved on Moshimo's orders. He told Brian he never saw Brian as an enemy. Brian was close to forgiving him until he was taken back to the farm he grew up in. He returned to save Moshimo from Protoboy disguised as Robotboy as he didn't want anyone to destroy Moshimo but himself. He made a cameo in "A Tale of Two Geniuses".
General Yakitori.
General Yakitori is a villainous general with mechanical body parts. He appeared in episode "A Tale of Two Evil Geniuses". In the episode, Yakitori gets the award as evil genius, is the rival of Kamikazi's anger. Constantine tells everyone that Kamikazi has to battle Yakitori, which makes Kamikazi even angrier (evidenced when he tied up Constantine above a tank filled with sharks). Just then, the host of the contest decided to have a challenge for the two villains to capture and defeat Robotboy. Yakitori was able to defeat Robotboy in combat with a battle mech, but failed when Kamikazi starts attacking him. His name, Yakitori, is actually a popular Japanese delicacy. He appears again on the episode ``Mancation´´ where he fights Robotboy in space.
Vance Cosgrove.
A tabloid reporter who believes Robotboy to be a robot of alien origin as part of an alien takeover of the world. He is never taken seriously by the public and is regarded as a joke. It can be seen in the episode "Feline Frenzy" under arrest by the police forever. But then he returns in season finale on the episode ``I, Hero.´´
Principal Dr. Friedman-Culpepper.
Tommy's Principal and nemesis. She is a liar and is obsessed with toys due to never being allowed to play with them as a child, instead having to make her own dolls out of tin foil and chicken bones. She abuses her position as principal to confiscate toys and play with them herself. She later returns for revenge to ruin Robotboy's cliffhanger and play with him forever.
Guest villains.
Dog-Ra.
A Robot dog that Tommy and Gus found disguised as a Puppy. He tended to dislike Gus as he urinated on him and bit him. Robotboy was suspicious of him, but Tommy said it was jealousy. When Tommy went to school Dog-Ra showed his true form and nearly destroyed the house and Robot boy refused to hit him as he promised Tommy he wouldn't. He was eventually destroyed by Robotboy. Despite being robotic, a dog whistle seems to affect him as Gus proved trying to call him.
Evil 17.
Evil 17 is one of Kamikazi's ex-henchmen, Kamikazi makes him look exactly like Tommy Turnbull using surgery and then replaces the real Tommy with his fake. All is going well until Evil 17 decides he likes being Tommy and betrays Kamikazi. He is confronted by the real Tommy and Robotboy attacks him because of his facial hair. He seems to have taken an interest in Tommy's mom due to her curvy figure despite being married.
Robotman.
Created by Professor Moshimo, he was, as the name implies, an adult version of Robotboy who sounds like Arnold Schwarzenegger (a nod to the Terminator). His technology, AI, and almost everything else is superior to Robotboy, making Robotboy seemingly obsolete. Despite this, Robotman has all of the annoying qualities adults possess, which makes Robotboy superior to him after all. He was destroyed in a battle against Robotboy.
Agent Kalaschnikov.
A lady who only appeared in episode ``The Babysitter´´. She is a spy who was hired by Dr. Kamikazi to steal Robotboy while posing as a babysitter for the Turnbulls. She is very flirtatious, especially around Kamikazi. Tommy and Donnie took a liking to her due to her good looks. She eventually tried to capture Robot boy and failed. She makes a cameo in "A Tale Of Two Geniuses".
Mona Lethal.
A slim battle robot used in the Robocon competition. She was a beautiful but deadly robot who Robotboy had fallen in love with. She is the final opponent in the contest and Robotboy was forced to choose Tommy and Gus over her when she attacked them. She was very dangerous and cruel and could use electric cables that extend from her hand. She was very powerful as she overpowered Robotboy in their fight(this was due to Robotboy refusing to hit her back as he was in love with her.)She was destroyed until made a cameo in "A Tale of Two Evil Geniuses".
Wandel Shicel.
The Fake Guy who working for enemy Most hunting By Kurt's Father. He can be seen again making a cameo in "The Legend of Brainy-Yak"
Orphan Bullies.
Three bullies who lived in an orphanage, They regularly tormented another boy named Booker and were later given a "swirly" by Donnie.
Princess Justine.
The spoiled princess of Fardonia. She is a very snobby little girl due to her status as a princess. She considers anyone of a lower social class a "peasant". She wanted to buy Robotboy off of Tommy as she thought he was "charming". She has a room where she destroys toys she doesn't think are useful anymore.
Waitress Lady(Guy).
The waitress at the restaurant Tommy and his family were eating at. Because of her hairdo being similar to Robotboy's head, he assumes she is his mother, which she uses in her advantage, making Robotboy work for her own needs. At the end of the episode, it is revealed that she is actually a man in disguise. His name is never revealed, although the chef at the diner called him Jackie in disguise. He is voiced by Rupert Degas.
Other characters.
Walter the Tapeworm.
Walter the Tapeworm is a mind-controlling tapeworm made by Dr. Kamikazi. He was placed inside Gus in the episode "Tummy Trouble."
Stevie.
Stevie is a boar created by Dr. Kamikazi in season 2 after when Stevie was finished he hugs him thinking he was his dad but Kamikaze hurt his feelings and Stevie cries and Kamikazi orders Constantine to throw him in the trash can with toxic waste and turns into a monster and gets revenge in the city. Kamikazi makes a promise to Tommy that he will never try to catch robotboy again but Stevie was able to grab him but they both hug and Kamikazi decides to keep him.
Constabot.
A tin heap robot created by Constantine himself. He is programmed to say "Kamikazi rules", but an equipment malfunction caused him to say "Kamikazi drools". The robot is of poor handiwork, and parts tend to fall off. Robotboy was about to fight him, but he soon felt pity for him and became his friend, defending him whenever someone called him a "Scrap heap". He was later salvaged by Robotboy and presented to Gus as a sorry gift for a misunderstood statement by Robotboy.
Ogbot and Nagbot.
Ogbot is a red robot who was supposed to be sent to space and examine the moon. Unfortunately Ogbot wasn't activated as, at the time, the project was scrapped. Tommy decided to rebuild him, but upon activating him, Ogbot thought he was on the moon. Tommy suggested shutting him down, but Robotboy refused to let him thinking Ogbot could be taught. Then Robotboy sent him to the moon and while he is up there, he meets another robot called Nagbot. Being a Robot, Ogbot is very strong easily tossing cars behind him. He also has plenty of weapons for a robot who was built for exploring the moon. Nagbot is the robot who was sent when the astronauts had built a moon base. She is very bossy and despite this, Ogbot seemed to have been in love with her. This was proven when Robotboy if he enjoys the moon, he responds "Robotboy crazy?! Ogbot in love". He tends to refer to himself in third person.

</doc>
<doc id="5980950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980950" title="Katsuya Kondō">
Katsuya Kondō

After graduating from high school, he began working for Osamu Dezaki and Akio Sugino at their Studio Annapuru. Under the direction of Shinji Ōtsuka, Kondō worked as a key animator of the TV anime series "Cat's Eye". He then worked as a free agent on such shows as "The Mighty Orbots", "Rainbow Brite" and "Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears". His first work with Studio Ghibli was as a key animator on "Castle in the Sky". After working on the Gainax film "The Wings of Honneamise" and the OVAs "Devilman" and "Meikyū Bukken File 538", Kondō began to be known for the high quality of his work.
Kondō collaborated with Ken'ichi Sakemi on a manga retelling of the Joan of Arc story, as well as doing the character designs for the "Jade Cocoon" video game series. He also collaborated with Sakemi by creating the character designs for the 1990 NTV TV movie "Like the Clouds, Like the Wind" (based on Sakemi's novel "Kōkyū Monogatari"), which tells the story of a young country girl who is chosen to become one of the Emperor's concubines. He also worked with Tomomi Mochizuki on the NHK "Minna no Uta" music video titled "Kaze no Tōri Michi", produced by Ajia-do Animation Works for Sayuri Horishita. In 2007, he was announced as the supervising animator of the Studio Ghibli film "Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea". He also wrote the lyrics for the film's theme song.
Works.
Listed alphabetically by year, with oldest at top.

</doc>
<doc id="5980951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980951" title="Ulnar collateral ligament">
Ulnar collateral ligament

Ulnar collateral ligament can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980952" title="1995 Minnesota Twins season">
1995 Minnesota Twins season

Although the 1995 Minnesota Twins were separated from a world championship by only four years, it seemed like eons. Because of the 1994 Major League Baseball strike, the season got off to a late start. However, it did not end soon enough, as the team finished with a 56-88 record and in last place in its division. The team found it impossible to compete against the runaway Cleveland Indians who won 100 games despite the short season and finished 44 games ahead of the Twins. By July, the team was trading away its veterans in a fire sale. Manager Tom Kelly might have preferred that the strike had continued.
Regular season.
Offense.
Only three players had particularly solid years: second baseman Chuck Knoblauch and outfielders Kirby Puckett and Marty Cordova. Puckett did not know that this would be his last year, but it was a solid one. He would be the team's lone all-star representative. Cordova had a great year for a rookie, and won the Rookie of the Year award.
Pitching.
The starting rotation was uncertain. Surprisingly, the only certainty was that rookie Brad Radke would get the ball every fifth game. He made 28 starts, but the other pitchers were either injury-prone, inconsistent, or traded by the end of the year, with Kevin Tapani making 20 starts, Mike Trombley 18, Frank Rodriguez 16, Scott Erickson 15, and Jose Parra 12. Closer Rick Aguilera would also be traded midway through the season. He earned 12 saves while Dave Stevens earned 10. Aguilera, Rich Robertson, and Mark Guthrie were the only regular pitchers with ERAs under 5.
Defense.
Like most of Tom Kelly's teams, the defense was capable. Matt Walbeck was the starting catcher, backed up by Matt Merullo. Scott Stahoviak played in 69 games at first base. Although he was not a good hitter, he had a .998 fielding percentage that year. Knoblauch capably manned second base. Scott Leius played reasonably well at third in his last year with the Twins. Pat Meares continued his decent play at shortstop in his third year with the Twins. The regular outfielders were Puckett, Cordova, and Rich Becker.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"

</doc>
<doc id="5980953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980953" title="Radial collateral ligament">
Radial collateral ligament

Radial collateral ligament can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5980963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980963" title="United States of China">
United States of China

United States of China (Traditional Chinese: 中華合衆國; Simplified Chinese: 中华合众国; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhonghua Hezhongguo) is a political concept first devised in the early 1920s by Chen Jiongming of a federalized China modeled closely after the United States of America. Given the political, social and linguistic realities of China in the warlord period, Chen Jiongming believed that a federalist approach was the only feasible way to eventually establish a united, democratic republic. Beginning with Guangdong as a model state, he wanted to organize a "United States of China in the manner of the American experience" through negotiation with federalists from all parts of the country (New York Times June 27, 1922).
The introduction of Special Economic Zones since the 1980s have led to the development of several distinct regional economies within the People's Republic of China, such as the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta, and the Bohai Circle. Several of these regions have economies the size of small developed nations. Some scholars who use the term United States of China argue that during the process of Chinese economic reform the People's Republic has evolved into a de-facto federal state in which these economic regions have wide discretion to implement policy goals which are set by the PRC central government and in which provinces and localities actively compete with each other in order to advance economically.

</doc>
<doc id="5980972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980972" title="Margot Anand">
Margot Anand

Margot Anand (born July 27, 1944) is a French author, teacher, seminar leader and public speaker. She has written numerous books including "The Art of Sexual Ecstasy"; "The Art of Everyday Ecstasy"; and "The Art of Sexual Magic".
Margot (or "Margo") Anand (Sanskrit "Ananda"=Bliss) received her degree from the Sorbonne in Paris. She began her writing career as a journalist covering the American pop culture scene for French magazines, after which she retreated from public life for an extended period to study Tantra and related disciplines. Having visited the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh ashram in Pune in the late 1970s and begun to teach tantra there, she subsequently became notable as one of the first teachers to introduce Tantra and Neotantra to a broad public in Europe and America, and has been the subject of numerous articles and interviews. She designed a practice called "SkyDancing Tantra" that is promoted as a tantric practice. Institutes teaching her methods exist in England, France, Switzerland, Germany, The Netherlands, Sweden, Canada and the United States. Anand taught as adjunct faculty with Dr. Deepak Chopra at his seminars and conferences for several years and has taught at Dr. Dean Ornish's annual retreats for heart patients.

</doc>
<doc id="5980981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980981" title="De Bruijn torus">
De Bruijn torus

In combinatorial mathematics, a De Bruijn torus, named after Nicolaas Govert de Bruijn, is an array of symbols from an alphabet (often just 0 and 1) that contains every "m"-by-"n" matrix exactly once. It is a torus because the edges are considered wraparound for the purpose of finding matrices. Its name comes from the De Bruijn sequence, which can be considered a special case where "n" is 1 (one dimension).
One of the main open questions regarding De Bruijn tori is whether a De Bruijn torus for a particular alphabet size can be constructed for a given "m" and "n". It is known that these always exist when "n" = 1, since then we simply get the De Bruijn sequences, which always exist. It is also known that "square" tori exist whenever "m" = "n" and even (for the odd case the resulting tori cannot be square).
The smallest possible binary "square" de Bruijn torus, depicted above right, denoted as "(4,4;2,2)2" de Bruijn torus (or simply as "B2"), contains all "2×2" binary matrices.
"B2".
Apart from "translation", "inversion" (exchanging "0"s and "1"s) and "rotation" (by 90 degrees), no other "(4,4;2,2)2" de Bruijn tori are possible - this can be shown by complete inspection of all "216" binary matrices (or subset fulfilling constrains such as equal numbers of "0"s and "1"s) .
Larger Examples: "B4".
An example of the next possible binary "square" de Bruijn torus, "(256,256;4,4)2" (abbreviated as "B4"), has been explicitly constructed in.
The image below shows an example of a "(256,256;4,4)2" de Bruijn torus / array, where the "zeroes" have been encoded as black and the "ones" as white pixels respectively.
Practical consideration for construction of de Bruijn tori "B6" & "B8".
The paper in which an example of the "(256,256;4,4)2" de Bruijn torus / array was constructed contained over 10 pages filled essentially only with "0"s and "1"s, even though the font size was reduced compared with the main text, each row of the array printed over 3 lines.
The subsequent possible binary "square" de Bruijn torus, containing all binary "6×6" matrices, would have "236 = 68,719,476,736" entries, yielding a square array of dimension "262,144x262,144", this would be denoted a "(262144,262144;6,6)2" de Bruijn torus / array or simply as "B6". It should be possible to construct an example, which would fit onto a moderate computer (printing it out where each entry would be represented by a pixel of size 0.1 mm would require an area of approx 26×26 metres).
The object "B8", containing all binary "8×8" matrices, with a total of "264 = 18,446,744,073,709,551,616" entries, denoted "(4294967296,4294967296;8,8)2" is currently too large for even a supercomputer, requiring of order 18 Exabytes, outside a 64bit address space (assuming 1 byte of storage for each element, in theory only 1 bit would be sufficient for each element, only of order 2 Exabytes would be required, which is still 3 orders of magnitude larger than total memory / storage of some of the largest computers as of late 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="5980984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980984" title="Seidou Njimoluh Njoya">
Seidou Njimoluh Njoya

Seidou Njimoluh Njoya (1902 – 28 July 1992) ruled the Bamum people of Cameroon from 1933 to 1992 as the Sultan of Foumban and Mfon of the Bamun.
Njimoluh was the son of Ibrahim Njoya, and he was educated in French, English, and the shu mom script developed by his father. In 1931, in order to break the power of the Bamun, French administrators exiled Ibrahim Njoya to Yaoundé. The Bamun nobles had been scattered by the French occupation, but they eventually chose Njimoluh from among Ibrahim Njoya's 177 children and reached an agreement with the French authorities. Seidou Njimoluh Njoya became the Bamun ruler in June 1933 after the death of his father.
Njoya later served on the legislative and national assemblies of Cameroon during both colonial and post-colonial periods. Njimoluh was a patron of the arts and worked to preserve Bamun culture. After the French left in 1960, he restored the sacred Bamun idols to the Royal Palace, establishing a museum. He was a devout Muslim and was married to Noh Lantana. Njimoluh was succeeded by his son Ibrahim Mbombo Njoya.
Notes.
Mr Njimoluh Njoya Seidou (Fon Seidou) who was Mr Njimoluh Njankouo Zounedou's father and other 86 kids was married to more than 30 wives among which Neh Sabiatou, Neh Ngamdobouo Neh lantana and etc... He was a man who cared about his people (pamon) and mostly listened to their concerns and was loved by the majority of his bamoun brothers and sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="5980986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5980986" title="Frederick Tennyson Congdon">
Frederick Tennyson Congdon

Frederick Tennyson Congdon (November 16, 1858 - March 13, 1932) was a Canadian politician, lawyer, and served as the Yukon's fourth Commissioner.
Congdon was born in Annapolis, Nova Scotia and attended Yarmouth High School. Following graduation, he received a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree from the University of Toronto in 1879 and a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degree in 1883. He then attended the Inner Temple in London to study law.
He was then an editorial writer for the "Halifax Morning Chronicle" between 1885 and 1887. He then practised law and lectured at Dalhousie University. In 1898, he wrote "Congdon's Digest of Nova Scotia Reports."
Around the turn of the 20th century, Congdon moved to the Yukon Territory to serve as Crown Prosecutor and legal advisor to the Yukon Council. In 1903, he was appointed Commissioner.
His term in office was not looked upon with a positive feeling and it was mired by corruption and controversy. He has also been blamed for the disincorporation of Dawson City in 1904.
Only a year after his appointment, Congdon resigned so he could win the Yukon's seat in the Canadian House of Commons, which had been recently vacated by former Yukon Commissioner James Hamilton Ross, who left his seat when he was appointed to the Canadian Senate. A loyal Liberal Party member, Congdon was defeated for the seat in Parliament.
However, he did not give up hope that he would sit in the House. He finally won the seat in 1908 in a by-election, but lost it in 1911. This would be the last and only time that Congdon would serve as Member of Parliament for the Yukon.
After 1921, following yet another defeat, Congdon practised law in Toronto. He went once more for the seat, in 1926, only to suffer his last defeat. He died in Ottawa in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="5981006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981006" title="Jean Konings">
Jean Konings

Jean Konings (4 March 1886 – 29 May 1974) was a Belgian athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres event, Konings placed second in his first round heat with a time of 11.6 seconds. His loss to Reggie Walker, who had run the race in 11.0 seconds, resulted in Konings' elimination from the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981007" title="Hoodoo Brown">
Hoodoo Brown

Hyman G. Neill, better known as Hoodoo Brown, was the leader of the Dodge City Gang in Las Vegas, New Mexico in 1879 and early 1880. According to Harold Thatcher, curator of the Rough Rider Museum in Las Vegas, Hoodoo was "the baddest cowboy of them all". He was described as tall and thin, with light hair, a rakish look, and a small moustache.
Early life and background.
Neill hailed from a traditional Southern family from Lexington, Missouri. His father had come to Lexington from Lee County, Virginia in the 1830s. Hyman's father practiced law and would have joined the Confederacy when the American Civil War began, however, he decided he could not disavow his oath to support the Constitution and ended up joining the Union. This choice, coupled with his wife's death, caused him to move his family to Warrensburg, Missouri after the war. His date of birth is possibly unknown.
Hoodoo became a printer's devil when he was a teenager, until one day he was asked to retrieve rags needed for printing. Young Neill jumped on a freight train going by the back door of the office, saying he was leaving to "get your durn rags".
He was hunting American bison and hauling lumber in 1872. At the time, he was known to be a small-time gambler and confidence trickster. He eventually went to Colorado, working in silver mines with a friend. Hoodoo and his friend ended up in Mexico to form an opera company.
Formation of the Dodge City Gang.
When Hoodoo arrived in Las Vegas, New Mexico, he found it was developing a reputation as a lawless place, filled with outlaws, confidence tricksters, murderers and thieves. His displeasure with this led to his election as Justice of the Peace for East Las Vegas. He also served as coroner and mayor of the town, and recruited several former gunfighters from Kansas to form a police force. However, the force was as lawless as the criminals they were supposed to be policing. Called the "Dodge City Gang", the force included J.J. Webb as the town marshal, Mysterious Dave Mather, Joe Carson, "Dutchy" Schunderberger and Dave Rudabaugh.
Dodge City Gang's achievements.
From 1879 through 1880, Hoodoo led the Dodge City Gang on stagecoach and train robberies, murders, thievery and municipal corruption. Hoodoo's position as Coroner enabled him to install the gang as the "Coroner's Jury", which they used to determine whether or not killings were in self-defense. This position enabled Hoodoo's gang to cover up most of their crimes.
Arrest and disappearance.
By the summer of 1880, the citizens of Las Vegas, New Mexico had had enough of Hoodoo's corruption, and organized a team of vigilantes to overthrow the mayor. Hoodoo was not killed, but instead driven from the state. Historians have stated that Hoodoo stole money from a dead man before moving on to Houston, Texas. 
Meanwhile, the widow of one of Hoodoo's deputies, who had been killed two months earlier, had exhumed her husband to move him to Houston. When she arrived, she found Hoodoo had been arrested. The widow visited Hoodoo in prison. The Parsons Sun reported that "the meeting between the pair is said to have been affecting in the extreme, and rather more affectionate than would be expected under the circumstances." The Parsons Eclipse, another newspaper added that Hoodoo's specific offense committed at Las Vegas was murder and robbery, and it was indicated that seduction and adultery was connected to the crime.
Soon thereafter, however, Hoodoo hired two local attorneys and was released when the attorneys managed to prove that the officers had no legal authority for holding Brown. Neither he nor the widow were ever seen again. The Chicago Times soon reported that Brown and the widow have been "skylarking through some of the interior towns of Kansas ever since".
Reputed death and family.
Reports from a descendant of Hyman G. Neill indicate that Hoodoo died in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico, where he left a common-law wife and a son. Two of Hoodoo's brothers brought back his remains to Lexington. His son was also brought there, and was raised. Hoodoo Brown was buried at his family plot in Lexington under the name Henry G. Neill.
Years later, records listed a woman named Elizabeth Brown who was living in Leadville, Colorado. A heavy drinker, she claimed to have been married to a gambler named Hoodoo Brown, who was shot and killed in a gambling dispute. She may have been Hoodoo's common law wife, but this was never proven.
In popular culture.
In the 2005 video game "Gun", Hoodoo Brown is shown as the mayor of fictional Empire City, New Mexico. He resembles the real-life Hoodoo in both appearance and character. In the game, Hoodoo deputizes the game's protagonist, Colton White, and agrees to help him find Josiah Reed, an assassin that masquerades as a preacher Colton is looking for. Colton soon finds out, however, that Hoodoo is on the same side as the assassin, and must escape Hoodoo's prison, later killing him. Dave Rudebaugh and J.J. Webb are also portrayed in the game as Hoodoo's deputies. Hoodoo is voiced by Ron Perlman in the game. 
Brown also appears in two stories of the Italian comic Tex Willer, episodes 601 and 602, as mayor of Vegas, New Mexico, and head of the Dodge City gang. When Tex and his fellow ranger Kit Carson discover that Brown, with appointed sheriff Dave Mather and deputies of the town, among which John Joshua Webb and Dave Rudabaugh, as "Dan Rudabaugh", participated in several robberies, they are involved in a duel, and Tex and Carson manage to kill Brown.
Hyman Neil appears in the weird western novel "", by Edward M. Erdelac. He unofficially hires the Rider, Mysterious Dave Mather, and Doc Holliday to find two thousand dollars in cash stolen in a train robbery outside Las Vegas, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5981027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981027" title="Uh-Oh (David Byrne album)">
Uh-Oh (David Byrne album)

Uh-Oh is an album by David Byrne which was released in 1992. A single, "She's Mad", reached #3 on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart and its music video received two nominations on the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards.
"A Million Miles Away" was the theme song to the television series "Flying Blind".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Byrne; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="5981034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981034" title="Radial collateral ligament of thumb">
Radial collateral ligament of thumb

The radial collateral ligament of the thumb extends from the first metacarpal head to the proximal phalanx of the thumb. It is located on the radial side of the joint and is weaker than the ulnar collateral ligament of the thumb.

</doc>
<doc id="5981035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981035" title="Bob McElwee">
Bob McElwee

Robert T. "Bob" McElwee (born August 20, 1935 in Camden, New Jersey) is a former American football official, who served for 42 years, with 27 of those years in the National Football League (NFL) from 1976 to 2003. In the NFL, he wore the uniform number 95 for most of his career.
Education.
McElwee graduated from Haddonfield Memorial High School, where he was a three sport letterman, and a 1957 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, where he played linebacker for the football team and was a member of the Sugar Bowl championship team in 1955. Following graduation, McElwee was commissioned in the United States Air Force serving as a pilot and utilities engineer.
McElwee began officiating in 1961 while stationed at Hamilton Air Force Base in California. Upon discharge from the military, he returned home to the Philadelphia area and began officiating high school football. In 1966, McElwee received his first college assignment from the Eastern College Athletic Conference. He also spent 10 years officiating in the Ivy League.
Career.
McElwee joined the NFL in 1976 as a line judge and became a referee for the start of the 1980 NFL season. He was the referee for three Super Bowls (XXII in 1988, XXVIII in 1994, and XXXIV in 2000) and has officiated in numerous playoff games. McElwee is one of only 5 referees who have officiated 3 or more Super Bowls, along with Norm Schachter, Jim Tunney, Pat Haggerty, and Jerry Markbreit. He is also the only referee to officiate a Super Bowl in 3 different decades. He was also the alternate referee in Super Bowl XVII in 1983. His final game was the 2003 Pro Bowl.
Bob is a partner in the McElwee Group, a firm specializing in construction of water filtration and waste water treatment plants and is heavily involved in community service. He is co-founder of Renew, an inner-city non-profit organization dedicated to providing housing for the disadvantaged in Camden, New Jersey. He has also worked on fund-raising efforts for the American Red Cross.
McElwee currently resides in Haddonfield, New Jersey, and is married with two sons, Scott and Tommy, and one daughter, Suzanne. He has six grandchildren: Sydney, Connor, Davis, Carter, Emma and Aline.

</doc>
<doc id="5981037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981037" title="Ravi Vakil">
Ravi Vakil

Ravi D. Vakil (born February 22, 1970) is an American-Canadian mathematician working in algebraic geometry.
Education and career.
Vakil attended high school at Martingrove Collegiate Institute in Etobicoke, Ontario, where he won several mathematical contests and olympiads. After earning a BSc and MSc from the University of Toronto in 1992, he completed a Ph.D. in mathematics at Harvard University in 1997 under Joe Harris. He has since been an instructor at both Princeton University and MIT. Since the fall of 2001, he has taught at Stanford University, becoming a full professor in 2007. 
Contributions.
Vakil is an algebraic geometer and his research work spans over enumerative geometry, topology, Gromov–Witten theory, and classical algebraic geometry. He has solved several old problems in Schubert calculus. Among other results, he proved that all Schubert problems are enumerative over the real numbers, a result that resolves an issue mathematicians have worked on for at least two decades.
Awards and honors.
Vakil has received many awards, including an NSF Career Fellowship, a Sloan Research Fellowship, an American Mathematical Society Centennial Fellowship, a G. de B. Robinson Prize for the best paper published in the Canadian Journal of Mathematics and the Canadian Mathematical Bulletin, and the André-Aisenstadt Prize from the Centre de Recherches Mathématiques at the Université de Montréal.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Mathematics contests.
He was a member of the Canadian team in three International Mathematical Olympiads, winning silver, gold, gold in 1986, 1987, and 1988 respectively. He was also the fourth person to be a four-time Putnam Fellow in the history of the contest. Also, he has been the coordinator of weekly Putnam preparation seminars at Stanford.

</doc>
<doc id="5981039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981039" title="Jo Reynolds">
Jo Reynolds

Jo Beth Reynolds ("née" Foster) is a fictional character in the American television series "Melrose Place", the second series in the "Beverly Hills, 90210" franchise. Portrayed by Daphne Zuniga, Jo Reynolds appeared in the first four seasons of "Melrose Place" and later appeared in two episodes in the 2009 series revival.
Storylines.
Arrival at Melrose Place and relationship with Jake (1992-1993).
Jobeth "Jo" Reynolds comes to the Melrose Place apartment complex from New York to escape her stormy marriage to Charles Reynolds. Afraid of exposure, she is initially unfriendly to her neighbors and hesitant to allow anyone into her personal life. Jo meets her match in gruff "bad boy" Jake Hanson, and the two begin a tempestuous romance. Alike in their passion and stubbornness, they fight and reunite repeatedly. Jo is threatened when the complex is bought by the aggressive Amanda Woodward, who has an obvious attraction to Jake. After a further series of fights and mis-communication, Jo loses Jake to the conniving Amanda.
Reed Carter, arrest for murder, pregnancy and custody battle (1993–1995).
A new love entered her life when Jo attended a high school reunion and bumped into an old high school acquaintance named Reed Carter. Soon, Jake was a distant memory as she began a seemingly great love affair with Reed. However, she discovered that Reed was secretly dealing drugs. Before she could even blink, Reed kidnapped her, holding her captive in a boat he used to share business with Jake and Amanda.
On this boat, Reed beat, raped, and ultimately tried to kill Jo. In self-defense, Jo killed Reed. But her troubles with the Carters were far from over. Jo was immediately tried for the death of Reed, and almost lost it all in court. After settling down with being proven not guilty, new troubles plagued Jo. She found out a few months later she was pregnant by Reed, and wanted to get an abortion. With help from Jake, who was beginning to realize the feelings he still had for her, she got through the pregnancy. 
A couple of months before Jo was due to deliver, Reed's parents arrived at Melrose Place. The Carters wanted revenge on her for "killing their son" although they knew Jo shot Reed in self-defense. Nothing Jo did would satisfy them. She tried to tell them she would settle out of court, but the Carters sued her for custody of their grandson. The Carters' attorney convinced the court that Jo was not a fit mother. In a horrifying turn of events, Jo lost the custody of her child to the Carters before it was even born. She also ended her friendship with Allison, who was supposed to testify on her behalf but showed up high on uppers in the courtroom the day she was to testify.
Jo slowly began to die inside, going through depression and not feeling the work of her beloved photography job any longer, when Kimberly Shaw showed up. Shaw showed a ray of hope still survived: She was going to help Jo fake her own child's death, so that Jo could go into hiding back in New York City and raise her child there, and the Carters would never know. They even set it up with switched hospital records that would declare Jo's baby dead. Through the months preceding the due date, Kimberly and Jo were able to trick the Carters into believing their grandchild was dead.
When the baby boy, whom Jo named Austin, was born, Kimberly suffered one of her imbecilic head colds, and decided to steal Jo's baby and keep it for herself. For weeks Jo struggled to prove her son was in danger, and alive, despite what the birth records stated. Once a blood test was done by Michael Mancini, Jo was revealed to be the baby's mother. After extreme pressure from Dr. Peter Burns, then Chief of Staff of Wilshire Memorial Hospital, Michael was forced to concede and set Kimberly to work on Christmas Day, and while she was gone, he gave baby Austin back to mother Jo, the perfect Christmas present.
Not long after, things again became ugly for Jo. Kimberly called upon the Carters, telling them their grandson was very much alive and that she knew where he was. Jo, on the other hand, was happy and made Jake the godfather of Austin, when an unexpected nanny came to 4616 Melrose Place. All seemed perfect, this nanny was terrific and took excellent care of Austin - until she stole him and it turned out she was working for the Carters to get Austin back all along. Jake helped Jo search for her son, although all hope seemed lost. The two were finally able to track the Carters down at their lake house, and Jake swore to Jo he would get Austin back for her. The two refound the love they once had, albeit briefly. After tracking the Carters down, Jo panicked upon seeing her child in their arms, and tried to take the plunge to get her son back, but in another turn of terrifying events, she was shot by the Carters when trying to flee into Jake's arms. Taken to the hospital, Jo recuperated for a few days, when Mrs. Carter threatened Jo in the middle of the night, telling her to stay away from them. But Jo was not going down without a fight. She took the Carters back to court, and declared that if she couldn't raise her child, she wanted him to be raised buy a family who could.
The Carters lost little Austin, and were never going to see him again. Jo, on the other hand, would be able to see Austin again when he was eighteen. In an emotional and heartwarming moment, Jo was allowed one final moment with her son, to say goodbye. From there, Jo settled down, and took it easy, sticking with her work, and staying away from relationships. She and Jake seemed to be getting along well, and she trusted him after all he had done for her.
Later, Jo along with Jake and Jane Mancini fell victim to vandalism. Rikki, who moved into 4616 Melrose with Sidney, trashed her motorcycle and committed other acts to her apartment, including stealing her cameras. However, this did not stop her career. 
While downtown in the rough side of town to take pictures for a huge story on night life, there, she witnessed a violent act of police brutality which led to a plethora of questions from the police concerning which one of their team committed the act. Jo cooperated, only to meet stern "justice" when the officer who committed the act of violence ripped her apartment to shreds, and would not leave her alone about keeping her mouth shut. So she went to Matt Fielding, close friend and fellow Melrose Place resident. He turned the pictures in, causing much dismay from the cop who was the murderer. This led to the cop holding Jo and Matt at gunpoint, another victimized situation, but Jo was strong again, and got the gun from the cop and stated "What you didn't know, is that I am tired of being the victim!"
Reunited with Jake (1996).
Because of all that Jake had done for her, she decided it was her turn to do something for him, by accompanying him to the funeral of his mother (who was shown in season one.) There, she helped Jake deal with the trauma of the incident and took note of the stormy relationship that lay between him and his brother Jess. She and Jake even slept together again, but only once. After driving home with Jake, Jo laid low for a few weeks.
But things heated up again when Jess Hansen moved to Los Angeles with a sinister agenda. Jo, being a kind and sensitive person at heart, felt his pain when Jake shut him out of his apartment at Melrose Place, so Jo lent him her couch, and soon became attracted to him. Their attraction was a lightning bolt of a relationship, having sex in the alley ways behind bars, sex on bookshelves, and all the while, she was afraid to tell Jake, because it would damage their relationship.
Jake eventually did find out, and wanting to protect Jo. He and his brother had a feud that ended when his brother hired men to kill him. Jo knew nothing of this. She continued her affair with Jess, but kept a close watch on Jake. Jess became irrational and never let her spend time with her friends, causing her to stress the relationship. Finally, when Jess proposed to her, she had to tell Jess they may have needed to take some time to really think about their relationship. This did not go well. Jess beat her up, and she was unable to fight him off, and he left her for dead. When Jake found out, he knew Jo was not to blame for any of his problems, and that Jess wanted to steal Jo away from him the whole time, and ended up killing his own brother, for Jo.
Jo was in a mental state of shock after all this. Aside from the beating and Melrose Place being blown to bits by Kimberly Shaw, the unstable doctor who kidnapped her child, she was alone and afraid. So she and Jake made amends and became involved again. She and Jake were going very well, but her friendship with Jane was not. Jo knew that Jane was only marrying Richard Hart, a very successful designer, for money. Jo told Richard everything, tarnishing both Jane's relationship with Richard and Jo's relationship with Jane. 
Soon after, Jake developed feelings for his new waitress, Shelley. After finding Jake on a pool table with Shelley, Jo called it quits with Jake for good, and ran into the arms of Richard, who willingly accepted her. For most of season four, Jo was playing second fiddle to Richard, assisting him at his company "Mackenzie Hart Designs". Many times she was caught in the middle of public feuds between Jane and Richard, and Jake would fall into them as well, but this would not bring them back together, something that many fans would have wanted to see.
Departure (1996).
Jo later dumped Richard and then put her life on hold, trying to figure out what to do next. Jake offered comfort, but not his love. She could tell he wanted to though, but the two had been through too much, and their love, could not save them this time. As she was living on "automatic pilot" for a few weeks, a friend of Sydney's, Laurie, came by 4616 Melrose Place, with her son Tyler, to stay. Sydney was not very interested in this friend anymore, and Jo, being the wonderful and kind hearted person she was, let them stay with her. When the little boy showed bruises, Jo was concerned and made sure Matt Fielding, did something about it, by going to his mentor, Dr. O'Malley. O'Malley helped the boy out and all was well with her relationship. O'Malley became, in these few days, attracted to the headstrong Jo, and so much that he had Matt set her up with Dr. Dominick O' Malley. 
Initially, Jo did not care for Dominick. When Matt's health was in danger, Dominick came through, and Jo realized that he was a great man. They enjoyed a happy relationship and he later proposed to Jo. At first she was taken aback, believing she had been through too many bad relationships to go on with them seriously. He told her she had not, and that if they didn't get together, then he would never be able to see her again, because he was going to Bosnia to help the orphans. Jo had never been more torn in her life, and for the first time, she knew what true love was, and that she truly loved Dominick O'Malley as much as he equally loved her. Jo eventually agreed to leave L.A. with Dominick.

</doc>
<doc id="5981041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981041" title="Denis Murray (athlete)">
Denis Murray (athlete)

Denis Murray was an Irish athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres, Murray placed third in his first round heat to be eliminated from competition. In the Men's Long jump, Murray finished 9th.

</doc>
<doc id="5981043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981043" title="Dennis Murray">
Dennis Murray

Dennis Murray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5981045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981045" title="United States support for Iraq during the Iran–Iraq war">
United States support for Iraq during the Iran–Iraq war

United States support for Iraq during the Iran–Iraq War, against post-revolutionary Iran, included several billion dollars' worth of economic aid, the sale of dual-use technology, non-U.S. origin weaponry, military intelligence, Special Operations training, and direct involvement in warfare against Iran.
Support from the U.S. for Iraq was not a secret and was frequently discussed in open session of the Senate and House of Representatives. On June 9, 1992, Ted Koppel reported on ABC's "Nightline",that the "Reagan/Bush administrations permitted—and frequently encouraged—the flow of money, agricultural credits, dual-use technology, chemicals, and weapons to Iraq."
U.S. reaction to the conflict.
Diplomatic relations with Iraq had been severed shortly after the 1967 Arab-Israeli Six-Day War. A decade later, following a series of major political developments, particularly after the Iranian Revolution and the seizure of embassy staff in the 1979–81 Iran hostage crisis, President Jimmy Carter ordered a review of American policy toward Iraq.
According to Kenneth R. Timmerman, the "Islamic revolution in Iran upset the entire strategic equation in the region. America's principal ally in the Persian Gulf, the Shah, was swept aside overnight, and no one else on the horizon could replace him as the guarantor of U.S. interests in the region."
During the crisis, Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein attempted to take advantage of the disorder of the Revolution, the weakness of the Iranian military and the revolution's antagonism with Western governments. The Iranian military had been disbanded during the revolt and with the Shah ousted, Hussein had ambitions to position himself as the new strong man of the Middle East. "He condemned the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and signed an alliance with Saudi Arabia to block the Soviet-backed attempt to take over North Yemen. In 1979 he also allowed the CIA, which he had once so virulently attacked, to open an office in Baghdad." Zbigniew Brzezinski, National Security Advisor to President Carter, "began to look more favorably toward Saddam Hussein as a potential counterweight to the Ayatollah Khomeini and as a force to contain Soviet expansionism in the region."
The hint of change in the U.S. attitude toward Iraq was warmly welcomed in Baghdad... Saddam Hussein believed that recognition by the United States of Iraq's role as a counter to radical, fundamentalist Iran would boost his ambition of becoming the acknowledged head of the Arab world. ... Saddam had an old score to settle with the Iranians over his southern border. He had never liked the agreement signed with the Shah in 1975. He felt confident he could regain the lost territory and probably topple the anti-American regime in Tehran by taking swift military action. He had no illusions that the United States would openly support the war he proposed to start. But getting rid of the Ayatollah Khomeini was clearly in the American interest, and in many other ways the United States and Iraq could benefit each other, Saddam believed. It was time to renew diplomatic relations with Washington and to move on quickly to more elaborate forms of strategic cooperation. p. 75
Biographer and Middle Eastern politician Said K. Aburish, author of "Saddam Hussein: The Politics Of Revenge", says the Iraqi dictator made a visit to Amman in the year 1979, before the Iran–Iraq War, where he met with King Hussein and, very possibly, three agents of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Aburish says there is "considerable evidence that he discussed his plans to invade Iran with the CIA agents." Timmerman records American officials meeting only with King Hussein on precisely this same date, noting that this "top-secret negotiating session was Brzezinski's idea." He quotes National Security Council staff member and former aide Gary G. Sick:
Brzezinski was letting Saddam assume there was a U.S. green light for his invasion of Iran, because there was no explicit red light. But to say the U.S. planned and plotted it all out in advance is simply not true. Saddam had his own reasons for invading Iran, and they were sufficient.
According to Zbigniew Brzezinski's memoir, the United States initially took a largely neutral position on the Iran–Iraq War, with some minor exceptions. First, the U.S. acted in an attempt to prevent the confrontation from widening, largely in order to prevent additional disruption to world oil supplies and to honor U.S. security assurances to Saudi Arabia. As a result, the U.S. reacted to Soviet troop movements on the border of Iran by informing the Soviet Union that they would defend Iran in the event of Soviet invasion. The U.S. also acted to defend Saudi Arabia, and lobbied the surrounding states not to become involved in the war. Brzezinski characterizes this recognition of the Middle East as a vital strategic region on par with Western Europe and the Far East as a fundamental shift in U.S. strategic policy. Second, the United States explored whether the Iran–Iraq War would offer leverage with which to resolve the Iranian Hostage Crisis. In this regard, the Carter administration explored the use of both "carrots," by suggesting that they might offer military assistance to Iran upon release of the hostages, and "sticks," by discouraging Israeli military assistance to Iran and suggesting that they might offer military assistance to Iraq if the Iranians did "not" release the hostages. Third, as the war progressed, freedom of navigation, especially at the Strait of Hormuz, was deemed a critical priority.
Support.
Starting in 1982 with Iranian success on the battlefield, the United States made its backing of Iraq more pronounced, normalizing relations with the government, supplying it with economic aid, counter-insurgency training, operational intelligence on the battlefield, and weapons.
President Ronald Reagan initiated a strategic opening to Iraq, signing National Security Study Directive (NSSD) 4-82 and selecting Donald Rumsfeld as his emissary to Hussein, whom he visited in December 1983 and March 1984. According to U.S. ambassador Peter W. Galbraith, far from winning the conflict, "the Reagan administration was afraid Iraq might actually lose."
In 1982, Iraq was removed from a list of State Sponsors of Terrorism to ease the transfer of dual-use technology to that country. According to investigative journalist Alan Friedman, Secretary of State Alexander Haig was "upset at the fact that the decision had been made at the White House, even though the State Department was responsible for the list." "I was not consulted," Haig is said to have complained.
Howard Teicher served on the National Security Council as director of Political-Military Affairs. He accompanied Rumsfeld to Baghdad in 1983. According to his 1995 affidavit and separate interviews with former Reagan and Bush administration officials, the Central Intelligence Agency secretly directed armaments and hi-tech components to Iraq through false fronts and friendly third parties such as Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Kuwait, and they quietly encouraged rogue arms dealers and other private military companies to do the same:
United States actively supported the Iraqi war effort by supplying the Iraqis with billions of dollars of credits, by providing U.S. military intelligence and advice to the Iraqis, and by closely monitoring third country arms sales to Iraq to make sure that Iraq had the military weaponry required. The United States also provided strategic operational advice to the Iraqis to better use their assets in combat... The CIA, including both CIA Director Casey and Deputy Director Gates, knew of, approved of, and assisted in the sale of non-U.S. origin military weapons, ammunition and vehicles to Iraq. My notes, memoranda and other documents in my NSC files show or tend to show that the CIA knew of, approved of, and assisted in the sale of non-U.S. origin military weapons, munitions and vehicles to Iraq.
The full extent of these covert transfers is not yet known. Teicher's files on the subject are held securely at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and many other Reagan Era documents that could help shine new light on the subject remain classified. Teicher declined to discuss details of the affidavit with the "Washington Post" shortly before the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
About two of every seven licenses for the export of "dual use" technology items approved between 1985 and 1990 by the U.S. Department of Commerce "went either directly to the Iraqi armed forces, to Iraqi end-users engaged in weapons production, or to Iraqi enterprises suspected of diverting technology" to weapons of mass destruction, according to an investigation by House Banking Committee Chairman Henry B. Gonzalez. Confidential Commerce Department files also reveal that the Reagan and Bush administrations approved at least 80 direct exports to the Iraqi military. These included computers, communications equipment, aircraft navigation and radar equipment.
In conformance with the Presidential directive, the U.S. began providing tactical battlefield advice to the Iraqi Army. "The prevailing view", says Alan Friedman, "was that if Washington wanted to prevent an Iranian victory, it would have to share some of its more sensitive intelligence photography with Saddam."
At times, thanks to the White House's secret backing for the intelligence-sharing, U.S. intelligence officers were actually sent to Baghdad to help interpret the satellite information. As the White House took an increasingly active role in secretly helping Saddam direct his armed forces, the United States even built an expensive high-tech annex in Baghdad to provide a direct down-link receiver for the satellite intelligence and better processing of the information...
Author Barry M. Lando says, by 1987, the U.S. military was so invested in the correct outcome, that "officers from the Pentagon's Defense Intelligence Agency dispatched to Baghdad were actually planning day-by-day strategic bombing strikes for the Iraqi Air Force." Iraq used this data to target Iranian positions with chemical weapons, says ambassador Galbraith.
According to retired Army Colonel W. Patrick Lang, senior defense intelligence officer for the United States Defense Intelligence Agency at the time, "the use of gas on the battlefield by the Iraqis was not a matter of deep strategic concern" to Reagan and his aides, because they "were desperate to make sure that Iraq did not lose." Lang disclosed that more than 60 officers of the Defense Intelligence Agency were secretly providing detailed information on Iranian deployments. He cautioned that the DIA "would have never accepted the use of chemical weapons against civilians, but the use against military objectives was seen as inevitable in the Iraqi struggle for survival." The Reagan administration did not stop aiding Iraq after receiving reports affirming the use of poison gas on Kurdish civilians.
Joost R. Hiltermann says that when the Iraqi military turned its chemical weapons on the Kurds during the war, killing approximately 5,000 people in the town of Halabja and injuring thousands more, the Reagan administration actually sought to obscure Iraqi leadership culpability by suggesting, inaccurately, that the Iranians may have carried out the attack.
Military training.
Iraqi helicopter pilots, traveling on Jordanian passports, are reported to have received training in the United States.
Foreign Materiel Acquisition and Bear Spares.
With the UN-imposed embargo on warring parties, and with the Soviet Union opposing the conflict, Iraqi engineers found it increasingly difficult to repair and replace hardware damaged in battle. According to Kenneth Timmerman, "Saddam did foresee one immediate consequence of his invasion of Iran: the suspension of arms supplies from the USSR."
When he launched his attack, the Soviets were busy playing games in Iran. They were not amused that the Iraqis upset their plans. For generations the KGB had been working to penetrate Iran's Shiite clergy. In February 1979, when Ayatollah Khomeini took power and threw the Americans out of Iran, the Soviets stood to gain more than they had ever believed possible. ... KGB boss Yuri Andropov little difficulty in convincing Brezhnev and Kosygin to agree to an embargo on arms to Iraq... p. 83-84
The United States assisted Iraq through a military aid program known as "Bear Spares", whereby the U.S. military "made sure that spare parts and ammunition for Soviet or Soviet-style weaponry were available to countries which sought to reduce their dependence on the Soviets for defense needs." According to Howard Teicher's court sworn declaration:
If the "Bear Spares" were manufactured outside the United States, then the U.S. could arrange for the provision of these weapons to a third country without direct involvement. Israel, for example, had a very large stockpile of Soviet weaponry and ammunition captured during its various wars. At the suggestion of the United States, the Israelis would transfer the spare parts and weapons to third countries... Similarly, Egypt manufactured weapons and spare parts from Soviet designs and provided these weapons and ammunition to the Iraqis and other countries.
Little today is known about this program as details remain scarce.
Chemical and biological exports.
On February 9, 1994, Senator Riegle delivered a report -commonly known at the Riegle Report- in which it was stated that "pathogenic (meaning 'disease producing'), toxigenic (meaning 'poisonous'), and other biological research materials were exported to Iraq pursuant to application and licensing by the U.S. Department of Commerce." It added: "These exported biological materials were not attenuated or weakened and were capable of reproduction."
The report then detailed 70 shipments (including Bacillus anthracis) from the United States to Iraqi government agencies over three years, concluding "It was later learned that these microorganisms exported by the United States were identical to those the UN inspectors found and recovered from the Iraqi biological warfare program."
Donald Riegle, Chairman of the Senate committee that authored the aforementioned Riegle Report, said:
U.N. inspectors had identified many United States manufactured items that had been exported from the United States to Iraq under licenses issued by the Department of Commerce, and that these items were used to further Iraq's chemical and nuclear weapons development and its missile delivery system development programs. ... The executive branch of our government approved 771 different export licenses for sale of dual-use technology to Iraq. I think that is a devastating record.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control sent Iraq 14 separate agents "with biological warfare significance," according to Riegle's investigators.
Diplomatic support.
In 1984, Iran introduced a draft resolution to the United Nations Security Council, citing the Geneva Protocol of 1925, condemning Saddam Hussein's use of chemical weapons on the battlefield. In response, the United States instructed its delegate at the UN to lobby friendly representatives in support of a motion to take "no decision" on the use of chemical munitions by Iraq. If backing to obstruct the resolution could be won, then the U.S. delegation were to proceed and vote in favour of taking zero action; if support were not forthcoming, the U.S. delegate were to refrain from voting altogether.
USDEL should work to develop general Western position in support of a motion to take "no decision" on Iranian draft resolution on use of chemical weapons by Iraq. If such a motion gets reasonable and broad support and sponsorship, USDEL should vote in favor. Failing Western support for "no decision," USDEL should abstain.
Representatives of the United States argued that the UN Human Rights Commission was an "inappropriate forum" for consideration of such abuses. According to Joyce Battle, the Security Council eventually issued a "presidential statement" condemning the use of unconventional weapons "without naming Iraq as the offending party."
Parties involved.
According to Russ Baker, writing in the "Columbia Journalism Review", a "vast network" based in the U.S. and elsewhere, fed Iraq's warring capabilities right up until August 1990, when Saddam invaded Kuwait.
Sarkis Soghanalian.
Alan Friedman writes that Sarkis Soghanalian, one of the most notorious arms dealers during the Cold War, procured Eastern Bloc and French origin weaponry, and brokered vast deals with Iraq, with the tacit approval of the Central Intelligence Agency.
The most prominent merchant was Sarkis Soghanalian, a Miami-based former CIA contractor who brokered tens of billions of dollars' worth of military hardware for Iraq during the 1980s, reporting many of his transactions to officials in Washington. was close to the Iraqi leadership and to intelligence officers and others in the Reagan administration. In many respects he was the living embodiment of plausible deniability, serving as a key conduit for CIA and other U.S. government operations. p. 36
In an interview with William Kistner, Soghanalian stated that he was "working closely with the U.S. government". According to Timmerman, Soghanalian also helped the Iraqis obtain TOW anti-tank missiles, for which he was later prosecuted by the United States Department of Justice.
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro.
The "Iraqgate"scandal revealed that a branch of Italy's largest bank, Banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL), in Atlanta, Georgia relied partially on U.S. taxpayer-guaranteed loans to funnel $5 billion to Iraq from 1985 to 1989. In August 1989, when FBI agents raided the Atlanta branch of BNL, branch manager Christopher Drogoul was charged with making unauthorized, clandestine, and illegal loans to Iraq – some of which, according to his indictment, were used to purchase arms and weapons technology. The CIA had previously concealed this information from the Congress, according to senior analyst Melvin A. Goodman.
According to the "Financial Times", the companies involved in the scandal by shipping militarily useful technology to Iraq were Hewlett-Packard, Tektronix, and Matrix Churchill's Ohio branch.
Even before the Persian Gulf War started in 1990, the "Intelligencer Journal" of Pennsylvania in a string of articles reported: "If U.S. and Iraqi troops engage in combat in the Persian Gulf, weapons technology developed in Lancaster and indirectly sold to Iraq will probably be used against U.S. forces ... And aiding in this ... technology transfer was the Iraqi-owned, British-based precision tooling firm Matrix Churchill, whose U.S. operations in Ohio were recently linked to a sophisticated Iraqi weapons procurement network."
"One entire facility, a tungsten-carbide manufacturing plant that was part of the Al Atheer complex," Kenneth Timmerman informed the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, "was blown up by the IAEA in April 1992 because it lay at the heart of the Iraqi clandestine nuclear weapons program, PC-3. Equipment for this plant appears to have been supplied by the Latrobe, Pennsylvania manufacturer, Kennametal, and by a large number of other American companies, with financing provided by the Atlanta branch of the BNL bank."
Aside from the "New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", and ABC's Ted Koppel, the Iraq-gate story never picked up much momentum, even though the U.S. Congress became involved with the scandal. See an article by journalist William Safire, introduced into the "Congressional Record" by Rep. Tom Lantos.
By contrast, Alcolac International, a Maryland company, transported thiodiglycol, a mustard gas precursor, to Iraq. Alcolac was successfully prosecuted for its violations of export control law.
Index of American companies.
According to German daily newspaper "Die Tageszeitung", which is reported to have reviewed an uncensored copy of Iraq's 11,000-page declaration to the U.N. Security Council in 2002, almost 150 foreign companies supported Saddam Hussein's WMD program. Twenty-four U.S. firms were involved in exporting materials to Baghdad. An even longer list of American companies and their involvements in Iraq was provided by the "LA Weekly" in May 2003.
Energy development and security.
Tanker War and U.S. military involvement.
The Tanker War started when Iraq attacked Iranian tankers and the oil terminal at Kharg island in 1984. Iran struck back by attacking tankers carrying Iraqi oil from Kuwait and then any tanker of the Persian Gulf states supporting Iraq. Both nations attacked oil tankers and merchant ships, including those of neutral nations, in an effort to deprive the opponent of trade. After repeated Iraqi attacks on Iran's main exporting facility on Khark Island, Iran attacked a Kuwaiti tanker near Bahrain on May 13, 1984, and a Saudi tanker in Saudi waters on May 16. Attacks on ships of noncombatant nations in the Persian Gulf sharply increased thereafter, and this phase of the war was dubbed the "Tanker War."
Lloyd's of London, a British insurance market, estimated that the Tanker War damaged 546 commercial vessels and killed about 430 civilian mariners. The largest of attacks were directed by Iran against Kuwaiti vessels, and on November 1, 1986, Kuwait formally petitioned foreign powers to protect its shipping. The Soviet Union agreed to charter tankers starting in 1987, and the United States Navy offered to provide protection for tankers flying the U.S. flag on March 7, 1987. Operation Prime Chance was a United States Special Operations Command operation intended to protect U.S.-flagged oil tankers from Iranian attack. The operation took place roughly at the same time as Operation Earnest Will, the largely Navy effort to escort the tankers through the Persian Gulf. Under international law, an attack on such ships would be treated as an attack on the U.S., allowing the U.S. to retaliate militarily. This support would protect ships headed to Iraqi ports, effectively guaranteeing Iraq's revenue stream for the duration of the war.
Special Operations Forces also assisted in this effort. The 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment operated AH-6 helicopters from a large barge anchored at sea. A second platform was manned by Special Forces from Fort Bragg, piloting OH-58Ds. "These things looked extremely sinister. They were all black and bristling with antennas and had a huge round sight module about two feet in diameter stuck on a mast above the rotor blades. ... The impression you got, just looking at one of these things on the ground, was of a giant insect staring at you before you die", a Special Forces officer is quoted as saying.
On April 14, 1988, the frigate USS "Samuel B. Roberts" was badly damaged by an Iranian mine. U.S. forces responded with Operation Praying Mantis on April 18, the United States Navy's largest engagement of surface warships since World War II. Two Iranian ships were destroyed, killing 55 sailors in the process, and an American helicopter was shot down, killing the two pilots.
A number of researchers and former military personnel contend that the United States carried out Black operations against Iranian military targets during the war. Lt. Col. Roger Charles, who worked in the Office of the Secretary of Defense at the Pentagon, says the Navy used specially equipped Mark III patrol boats during the night, with the intent of luring Iranian gunboats away from territorial waters, where they could be fired upon and destroyed. "They took off at night and rigged up false running lights so that from a distance it would appear there was a merchant ship, which the Iranians would want to inspect." Barry Lando writes, "The Americans often claimed they attacked the Iranian ships only after the Iranians first menaced neutral ships plying the Gulf. In some cases, however, the neutral ships which the Americans claimed to be defending didn't even exist."
Information collected from Operation Eager Glacier, a top-secret intelligence-gathering program, was also used to bomb manufacturing plants inside Iran by the CIA.
The USS Stark incident.
An Iraqi jet fighter mistakenly attacked the USS "Stark" in May 1987, killing 37 servicemen and injuring 21. But attention in Washington was on isolating Iran; accepting Saddam's apology for the error, the White House criticized Iran's mining of international waters, and in October 1987, the U.S. attacked Iranian oil platforms in retaliation for an Iranian attack on the U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker "Sea Isle City".
Professor Noam Chomsky says the only country to have been granted the "privilege" of attacking a U.S. warship and getting away with it, other than Israel in 1967, is Saddam Hussein's Iraq.
The USS Vincennes incident.
In the course of these escorts by the U.S. Navy, the cruiser USS "Vincennes" shot down Iran Air Flight 655 with the loss of all 290 civilian passengers and crew on July 3, 1988. The American government said that the airliner had been mistaken for an Iranian F-14 Tomcat, and that the USS "Vincennes" was operating in international waters at the time and feared that it was under attack. The Iranians maintain that the "Vincennes" was in Iranian territorial waters and that the passenger jet was turning away and increasing altitude after take-off. U.S. Admiral William J. Crowe later acknowledged on ABC's "Nightline" that the "Vincennes" was inside Iranian territorial waters when it launched the missiles.
This event, and the ease with which the United States government accepted the killing of its own servicemen, may have helped convince Iran to agree to a ceasefire. The United States has never formally apologized for the attack in which 290 civilians died.
Longer term interests.
In October 1989, President Bush signed NSD 26, which begins, "Access to Persian Gulf oil and the security of key friendly states in the area are vital to U.S. national security." With respect to Iraq, the directive stated, "Normal relations between the United States and Iraq would serve our longer term interests and promote stability in both the Persian Gulf and the Middle East."
On August 2, 1990, at 2:00 am, local time, Iraq launched an invasion of oil-rich Kuwait. America's expedient ally had, overnight, become its most bitter enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="5981069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981069" title="Rodney's Stone">
Rodney's Stone

Rodney's Stone is a two-metre high Pictish cross slab now located close on the approach way to Brodie Castle, near Forres, Moray, Scotland. It was originally found nearby in the grounds of the old church of Dyke and Moy. It is classed as a Class II Pictish stone, meaning that it has a cross on one face, and symbols on the other. On the symbols face, at the top, are two fish monsters; below is a "Pictish Beast", and below that a double disc and z-rod. On the cross face there is a cross and some animals. 
The stone is most notable, however, for its inscription, which is found on both of the sides and on the cross face. It is the longest of all Pictish inscriptions, and like most Pictish inscriptions, is written in the Ogham alphabet. Much of the inscription is weathered, but it does contain the Pictish name Ethernan (a prominent Pictish saint), written as "EDDARRNON". 

</doc>
<doc id="5981077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981077" title="Michael R. Gordon">
Michael R. Gordon

Michael R. Gordon is the chief military correspondent for "The New York Times". 
During the first phase of the Iraq war, he was the only newspaper reporter embedded with the allied land command under General Tommy Franks, a position that "granted him unique access to cover the invasion strategy and its enactment". He and General Bernard E. Trainor have written two books together, including the best-selling "Cobra II".
As a journalist for the New York Times he was the first to report Saddam Hussein's alleged nuclear weapons program in August 2002 with the article "U.S. Says Hussein Intensifies Quest for A-Bomb Parts.".
As an author.
Together with Bernard Trainor, he has written two books: "The Generals' War: The Inside Story of the Conflict in the Gulf", which covers the 1991 Gulf War, and "Cobra II", which covers the Iraq War begun 2003.
"The General's War" won high praise from several critics and decisionmakers, with then Defense Secretary Dick Cheney describing it as "a fascinating account of the war" that he would "recommend" "as something that gives them a different element of some of the key decisions that were made." Jim Lehrer described it as "A superb account and analysis of what went right and what went wrong in the Gulf War"; and Eliot Cohen, writing in "Foreign Affairs", called it "the best single volume on the Gulf War."
"Cobra II", which "focuses on the rushed and haphazard preparations for war and the appalling relations between the major players," won praise from Lawrence Freedman in "Foreign Affairs", who wrote that "the research is meticulous and properly sourced, the narrative authoritative, the human aspects of conflict never forgotten." Gordon's paper, the "New York Times", called it "a work of prodigious research", adding that it "will likely become the benchmark by which other histories of the Iraq invasion are measured." "The New Republic", while calling the book "splendid", wrote that "Gordon and Trainor remain imprisoned in an almost exclusively military analysis of what went wrong...(which)..unintentionally underplays the essential problem in Iraq--the problem of politics." 
Rabta articles.
From West Germany on New Years Day in 1989, Gordon, together with Steven Engelberg broke the news that Imhausen-Chemie, a West German chemical company, had been serving as the "prime contractor" for an alleged Libyan chemical weapons production plant at Rabta since April 1980. The article was based a leak to Gordon "by U.S. administration officials of data that the United States previously had asked West Germany to keep secret". The German government initially denied the allegations, but following further reports on the Rabta plants and pressure from the US administration, a total of three Imhausen employees, including the director, were convicted of illegally supplying CW materials to Libya in October 1991 and a fourth German national was convicted in 1996 for "facilitating Libya's acquisition of computer technology and other equipment to enhance chemical weapons development".
Gordon and Engelberg won a George Polk Award for international reporting following their series of articles.
Inaccurate Coverage of Iraqi Insurgency.
In 2002, reporting by Michael Gordon and Judith Miller played a key role in raising public support for the Iraq War. Their article, "THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE IRAQIS; U.S. SAYS HUSSEIN INTENSIFIES QUEST FOR A-BOMB PARTS", claimed, "Iraq has stepped up its quest for nuclear weapons and has embarked on a worldwide hunt for materials to make an atomic bomb." Anonymous "American officials" and "intelligence experts" are the only sources. Following Miller's later refusal to reveal her source in the ousting of C.I.A. officer Valerie Plame, the "Times" reporter spent 85 days in jail and was later released from the newspaper. The decision to release Miller also involved the controversy over the bias of her joint reporting with Gordon regarding Iraq's nuclear intentions and the Bush administration. Despite his joint involvement in the controversy, Michael Gordon remains the Chief Military Correspondent for the New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="5981087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981087" title="Roberto Maltagliati">
Roberto Maltagliati

Roberto Maltagliati (born 7 April 1969 in Cuggiono, Milan) is an Italian football (soccer) player, currently playing with Canavese.
During his career of more than eighteen years, including seven in Serie A, he has played for Parma, Torino (from 1994–1995 to 1999–2000), Piacenza, Ancona and Cagliari. He then moved to Spezia, being one of their best players during the 2005–06 Serie C1/A campaign which ended in a surprise promotion ahead of Genoa C.F.C..
In 2007 he signed for newly promoted Serie C2 side Canavese.

</doc>
<doc id="5981090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981090" title="The Darling Buds">
The Darling Buds

The Darling Buds are an alternative rock band from Newport, South Wales. The band formed in 1986 and were named after the H. E. Bates novel "The Darling Buds of May" – a title taken in turn, from the third line of Shakespeare's Sonnet 18: "Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May".
Career.
Influenced by the catchy simple sound of the early Beatles, the band created melodic, hook-driven, short-duration singles. They were considered part of the short lived "Blonde" movement (indie rock band fronted by blonde female singer with all other members being dark-haired males) along with the likes of The Primitives and Transvision Vamp, but also referenced the C86 scene of a few years earlier.
The Darling Buds formed in Caerleon near Newport, South Wales, in 1986, by the then 19-year-old Andrea Lewis. Their debut single, "If I Said", was released on February 1987 and was well received. The group re-released the single on an established label, Native Records, receiving radio play on John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show. Signing with Sony in 1988, several singles preceded their critically acclaimed 1989 debut LP, "Pop Said...". The album ultimately reached the Top 30 in the UK Albums Chart, and the band appeared on the cover of "Melody Maker" twice (24 September 1988 and 18 February 1989). In 1990, the original drummer, Bloss, left the band and was replaced by Jimmy Hughes from Black. Their second album, "Crawdaddy", was not as well received. Pressing forward with their new style, the group followed with their third and final album in 1992, entitled "Erotica", a few weeks before Madonna's album of the same name. The album contained the US single, "Long Day in the Universe", which was featured on the soundtrack for the Mike Myers film, "So I Married an Axe Murderer". Although they toured the United States in support of the album for a year, the members of the Darling Buds grew increasingly frustrated by their lack of commercial success and disbanded.
Since disbanding Andrea Lewis moved on to acting, touring with a Cardiff theatre company. She later moved into presenting, hosting "The Slate" for BBC Wales and, in 1998 and 1999, she co-hosted a Welsh Saturday morning radio show, "The Weekenders", with Gareth Jones. Andrea now runs her own theatre school called "CAST" (The Children's Academy of Stage Training) alongside husband Jamie Jarvis, based in Cardiff, Swansea and Caerleon. Chris McDonogh now works at Le Mons studio in Newport.
In July 2010, the Darling Buds with only Lewis from the original line-up, reformed for a one-off tribute concert in their native Newport in memory of John Sicolo, the owner of the music venue T. J.'s who died earlier in the year.
In October 2013 the band announced a further show, at the Borderline in London in April 2014, with Chris McDonogh and Matt Gray joining Lewis, to be proceeded by a warm up show at the Le Pub venue in Newport the day before. The band announced the London show would be the last ever, however, the significant interest in this show, lead to the band agreeing to play the Indie Daze festival at the Kentish Town Forum in September 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5981124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981124" title="Windows Live Expo">
Windows Live Expo

Windows Live Expo (codenamed "Fremont") was described by Microsoft as an "online social marketplace". The website ceased operations on July 31, 2008.
The site was similar to Craigslist in that it provided online classifieds. A major focus of the site was that users could choose whose listings they want to search, sorted either by friends and contacts or by geographical proximity.
Expo integrated with several other Windows Live services. Results could be mapped using Live Search Maps, users could contact the poster of a listing via Windows Live Messenger and promote their own listing on Windows Live Spaces. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981126" title="Ulipuram">
Ulipuram

Ulipuram is a village in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, India.
Ulipuram village is famous for its Jallikattu and there is a small village is presented near by it is Ulipuram Pudhur. Marriamman Kovil is in the centre of the village and the goddess worshiped here is Thottiya Marriamman which was established by Thottiya Naicker Community long back. Major community here is Naicker and Kurumbar (whose profession is sheep breeding by history now they are into agriculture mostly), Gounders who are basically farmers, {Thottiya Naicker, Gavara Naicker, Reddiyar (more respected Communities)}, Boyers are also farmers.
Agriculture remains the main Occupation till date,main crops are Paddy,Tapiaco,Ground nut,Sugarcane,manjal,corn,Coconut etc.
Sago factories are to be noted.
People here mostly reside closer to their farms and thus there are several such divided groups who stay at various localities like Annaikattu, Ulipuram Pudur, Mettutheru, KalanKaradu, Thonthi Pillayar Kovil, Andi Kuttai, NariKaradu, Nallathangal Kuttai, Nandukitan Pudur, Mankaradu, VisamoongilKuttai, KuttiKaradu, Bonthupuli Kadu, EEchaodai etc.
The village has 2 government primary and secondary schools respectively, and has a private school Saraswathi Matriculation School, also few preschools (Sathunavu Pallikodam).
Lakshmi Vilas Bank and govt. Co operate bank are the ones which is there since decades.
By Profession we can find more number of Heavy Motor Vehicle Drivers and Bore Well Operators.

</doc>
<doc id="5981132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981132" title="Ulnar collateral ligament of thumb">
Ulnar collateral ligament of thumb

The ulnar collateral ligament of the thumb runs along the ulnar side of the metacarpo-phalangeal joint of the thumb.
It is on the "radial" side of the wrist, but on the "ulnar" side of the thumb. It should not be confused with the ulnar collateral ligament of wrist joint.
Clinical significance.
Injuries to it cause instability and loss of function of the thumb. Acutely this injury is known as the Skier's thumb or if the result of chronic injury Gamekeeper's thumb.

</doc>
<doc id="5981142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981142" title="Ernst Greven">
Ernst Greven

Ernestus "Ernst" Johannes Christiaan Greven (September 8, 1885 – March 8, 1924) was a Dutch athlete, who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Born in The Hague, he died at age 38 in Zoppot near Danzig in Poland.
In the 100 metres, Greven placed fifth (last) in his first round heat to be eliminated from competition. He also placed last in his preliminary heat of the 200 metres, taking third in the three-man heat.

</doc>
<doc id="5981145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981145" title="Bernard E. Trainor">
Bernard E. Trainor

Bernard E. Trainor (born September 2, 1928) is journalist and a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general. He served in the Marine Corps for 39 years in both staff and command capacities. After retiring from the Marine Corps, he began working as the chief military correspondent for the "New York Times". He is currently a military analyst for NBC and has also written three books. The actress Saxon Trainor is his daughter.
Early Life & military career.
Bernard E. Trainor was born on September 2, 1928 in New York City.
In 1946, Trainor enlisted in the United States Marine Corps after high school and served until his selection as a midshipman in the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC) in 1947. He then attended the College of the Holy Cross, where he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in history and was commissioned a Marine second lieutenant upon graduation in June 1951.
He then went to The Basic School in Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, and after completion in December 1951, he was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 1st Marines, 1st Marine Division in Korea where he served as an infantry platoon commander. Returning to the United States in September 1952, he served with the 8th Marines, 2nd Marine Division, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
In June, 1953, he was assigned duties aboard the heavy cruiser USS Columbus (CA-74) where he served consecutively as executive officer and commanding officer of the ship's Marine Detachment. During this two-year tour of duty he was promoted to captain.
Following sea duty, Trainor was assigned to the Personnel Department at Headquarters Marine Corps until 1958. He was then assigned as an exchange officer to the British Royal Marine Commandos. After a period of training in the United Kingdom, he commanded a company in 45 Commando, 3 Commando Brigade on Malta.
Upon completion of the exchange tour in 1959, he reported for duties with the 1st Marine Division, Camp Pendleton, California, where he served consecutively as a company commander in reconnaissance, anti-tank, and infantry battalions.
In 1961 he was ordered to duties as an instructor with the NROTC unit at the University of Colorado, where he would also complete a Master of Arts degree in history. He was promoted to major in November, 1961. His next assignment returned him to Quantico, where he was a student at the Marine Corps Command and Staff College. Ordered to the Republic of Vietnam in July, 1965, General Trainor was assigned as an advisor to a Vietnamese special operations group. After a year in Vietnam, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and returned to Quantico where he served for three years as an instructor at the Command and Staff College.
In 1969, Trainor attended the Air War College, Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama. During his War College course he was awarded the Anderson Memorial Award for the "best paper dealing with politico-military thought" and designated "Distinguished Graduate" upon completion of the course in June 1970. He then served another tour in the Republic of Vietnam, where he commanded the 1st Battalion, 5th Marines, and later the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion of the 1st Marine Division.
Following his return to the United States in 1971, Trainor was assigned at Headquarters Marine Corps where he served as a plans officer. During this tour he was promoted to colonel on January 3, 1972. From July 1974 through June 1975, he served as Deputy Director of the 1st Marine Corps District, headquartered in New York. On July 1, 1975, he assumed duties as Director and held this post until his advancement to brigadier general, in April 1976. At this time, he assumed duties as Assistant Depot Commander, Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina.
On April 14, 1978, he assumed the duties of Deputy for Education/Director, Education Center, Marine Corps Development and Education Command, Quantico. During this tour of duty, he was promoted to major general. He was subsequently transferred to Headquarters Marine Corps in April 1981 and assigned duty as Director, Plans Division, Plans, Policies and Operations Department. Upon promotion to lieutenant general on June 15, 1983, he was assigned duty as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans, Policies and Operations, Headquarters Marine Corps. He served in this capacity until his retirement on July 1, 1985.
Journalism career.
At present, Gen. Trainor is a military analyst for NBC. He worked for "The New York Times" as chief military correspondent from 1986 to 1990 and at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government as Director of the National Security Program from 1990 to 1996. Later he was a Senior Fellow for National Security at the Council on Foreign Relations. He and Michael R. Gordon have written three books together: "The Generals' War", which covers the 1991 Gulf War, "Cobra II", which covers the Iraq War begun in 2003 and concludes with "".

</doc>
<doc id="5981146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981146" title="David Byrne (album)">
David Byrne (album)

David Byrne's self-titled album (styled "davidenryd") was released in 1994. "Angels" and "Back in the Box" were the two main singles released from the album. The first one entered the US Modern Rock Tracks chart, reaching #24.
The album spent six weeks on the Billboard 200 chart.
Part of the song "Lilies of the Valley" can be heard sampled on Talib Kweli's "Right About Now", the leadoff track from his 2006 "Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD."
Track listing.
All tracks written by David Byrne.

</doc>
<doc id="5981156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981156" title="Edgar Kiralfy">
Edgar Kiralfy

Edgar Graham Kiralfy (August 20, 1884 – May 13, 1928) was an American athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in New York City.
In the 100 metres, Kiralfy placed fourth of five in his first round heat to be eliminated from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981157" title="Ironsand">
Ironsand

Ironsand also known as iron-sand and iron sand is a type of sand with heavy concentrations of iron. It is typically dark grey or blackish in colour.
It comprises mainly magnetite, Fe3O4, and also contains small amounts of titanium, silica, manganese, calcium and vanadium.
Ironsand has a tendency to heat up in direct sunlight, causing temperatures high enough to cause minor burns. As such it forms a hazard in New Zealand at popular west-coast surf beaches like Piha.
Occurrence.
Although it is found internationally, this occurs extensively on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. 
It is mined and used by New Zealand Steel to create steel, in a unique manufacturing process. A proposal by Iron Ore NZ Ltd. for further ironsand mining off the coast of Taranaki faced resistance from some Māori and others in 2005 in the wake of the New Zealand foreshore and seabed controversy. Ironsand was also used extensively in Japan for iron production, especially for traditional Japanese swords.
In Indonesia, iron sand is prevalent on the south coast of Java island.
History.
According to the OED online entry for "sand-iron", Jedidiah Morse (1761–1826), writing in "The American universal geography" (new edition, 1796 (2 vols)), stated that Jared Eliot (1685-1763) invented sand-iron, or the making of iron from black sand, in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="5981161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981161" title="Norwalk Transit District">
Norwalk Transit District

The Norwalk Transit District is the primary provider of public transportation services in Norwalk, Connecticut and surrounding communities. The district's fixed-route bus transit system, known as WHEELS, is the primary service of the system linking Norwalk and its immediate suburbs as well as peak-hour service as far north as Danbury (with HART) and as far east as Bridgeport (with GBTA) as well as shuttles to Metro-North stations. Paratransit services are also available for residents in the service area unable to use regular transit services.
The city of Norwalk founded the Norwalk Transit District in 1978, seven years after "The Connecticut Company" ceased operations in Norwalk outside of their route linking Norwalk to Stamford (which continues as Connecticut Transit Stamford Route 41). Though an entity of its city, the district does also receive funding from the Connecticut Department of Transportation and has both its funds and transfers synched to those of the DOT-aligned CT Transit though it has not piggybacked onto that agency's bus orders.
Routes.
WHEELS operates fixed routes throughout its service area. A "pulse-point" system is used with all routes meeting at the "WHEELS Hub" in downtown Norwalk to facilitate instant transfers between routes plus CT Transit Route 41 (though passengers on WHEELS routes 11 and 13 can transfer earlier/later during their shared area on U.S. Route 1). Fares as of 2012 are $1.50 (US) with a free transfer which can be used on WHEELS, CT Transit, HART, GBTA, or Milford Transit.
WHEELS Services.
Outside Norwalk, WHEELS offers several variable services including:

</doc>
<doc id="5981170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981170" title="United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America">
United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America

The United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America (UCAPAWA) was a labor union formed in 1937 and incorporated large numbers of Mexican, black, Asian, and Anglo food processing workers under its banner. The founders envisioned a national decentralized labor organization with power flowing from the bottom up. Although it was a short-lived, the UCAPAWA influenced the lives of many workers and had a major impact for both women and minority workers in the union.
History.
The United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing Allied Workers of America (or UCAPAWA) was an organization formed after the American Federation of Labor (AFL) ignored several delegate members plea to have better working conditions for farm and food processing workers. At its head stood an intense and energetic organizer named Donald Henderson who was a young economics instructor at Columbia University and a member of the Communist party. Henderson, who was also one of the founders of the People’s Congress, noted the importance this union placed on popularizing the conditions of black and Mexican American workers and organizing them as a way to improve their social and economic situation. Henderson declared that the “International Office was sufficiently concerned with the conditions facing . . . the Negro people and the Mexican and Spanish American peoples.” Henderson observed that both minority groups were deprived of civil rights, exploited to the point of starvation, kept in decayed housing, denied educational opportunities, and in Henderson’s view, “blocked from their own cultural development.” Henderson eventually, as President of the union, established it as the agricultural arm of Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO) in 1937 after having been abandoned by the AFL.
Unable to persuade the AFL to charter an international union of agricultural workers and increasingly drawn to the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO) industrial union structure, Henderson and representatives from locals throughout the country met in Denver in July 1937 to form UCAPAWA, which promptly received a charter from the CIO. Part of the reason behind its founding was to address the concerns of agricultural laborers and their counterparts in packing and canning during the Great Depression.
The UCAPAWA represented multi-cultural workers from Mexicans in sugar beet to black sharecroppers in Arkansas and Missouri. They were also very involved in Asian-American workers such as Filipino, Chinese and Japanese cannery workers in Washington. UCAPAWA was particularly strong among Mexican and Mexican American workers. In 1940, the "San Francisco News" called UCAPAWA the "fastest growing agricultural union in California", and attributed its success to its appeal to Mexican and Mexican American workers. The union was also supported by such outside organizations as the John Steinbeck Committee to Aid Agricultural Organization, the J. Lubin Society, the Spanish-speaking Peoples Congress, and on occasion, local clergy.
A commitment to trade union democracy, shared by both national leaders and regular members provided the underlying philosophy for union endeavors. Some leaders of the UCAPAWA saw themselves as participants of a radical culture and political projects. When the UCAPAWA entered an affiliation the Arkansas-based Southern Tenant Farmers Union (STFU) there was controversy regarding political associations. Infighting between Communist party leaders and the local Socialists who served as the organization’s principal administrators, as well as personality and ideological conflicts marred the alliance from the start. According to the both the STFU and UCAPAWA differed over a fundamental issue: Whether agricultural workers could best be served by a protest organization or a trade union. STFU thought that sharecroppers and tenant farmers could not be organized because they were uneducated and too poor.
The UCAPAWA disagreed and argued that agricultural workers could be taught the rudimentary procedures for running the locals and that union members had to support their own organization. Another difference between the STFU and UCAPAWA was that the STFU wanted a centralized government while the UCAPAWA believed in a more decentralized system. After the STFU departed, the UCAPAWA’s constitution guaranteed local autonomy and provided for local control of at least half of all dues collected. The STFU dispute was a turning point for UCAPAWA. Agricultural unions did not have collective bargaining rights and often faced local hostility. As a result, UCAPAWA shifted its focus from the fields to processing plants.
The UCAPAWA distanced themselves further from conventional unions and organizations by representing working classes generally ignored by traditional craft affiliates. Union officers deliberately enlisted black, Mexican, Asian and female labor organizers in order to launch campaigns aimed at minorities and women. UCAPAWA was spreading their wings from fields to fisheries, canneries, processing plants and even tobacco manufacturing workers. The UCAPAWA was fast becoming one of the more influential unions in America and when the 1939 Madera Cotton Strike happened the UCAPAWA proved they were a force to be reckoned with. Besides UCAPAWA proving themselves a strong union they were also beginning to acquire a reputation as a Communist Party (CP).
While some truly believe the demise of the UCAPAWA was caused by the involvement with the Radical Party, many members of UCAPAWA believed themselves to be more liberal than anything. The argument of whether the union leaders were supporters of Communism set off an argument between many local leaders. Vicki L. Ruiz makes a very important statement in her book She writes that “UCAPAWA certainly had a leftist stance, though the nature and extent of its leftist ideology will continue to be debated.” Despite their roots or political stance, the UCAPAWA had shown that it could organize the nation’s most vulnerable workers. It also showed that women and minority groups were capable of playing an important role in the labor movement.
Women's Role in UCAPAWA.
One of the most prominent roles that UCAPAWA played was in the workplace for women, especially Mexican women. Forming one-half of UCAPAWA’s total membership, women were not silent partners. On the contrary, they performed various services ranging from negotiating contracts to calling numbers at bingo. Women organizing women became a union hallmark. Women enthusiastically joined a labor organization that actively encouraged their involvement and offered them genuine opportunities for leadership. UCAPAWA food and tobacco locals proved successful in securing higher wages plus benefits particularly important to women. In fact one of the most important positions, Vice President, was filled by Dorothy Ray Healey. Left-wing labor activists like Healey were successful because they embraced the Popular Front viewpoint and represented themselves as links to ethnic communities and as advocates of racial equality. Healey was assisted by a core group of college students and Young Communist League members who worked in the plant during the summer and were actively involved in organizing.
In the beginning, UCAPAWA had the financial support of the CIO, however, there were hard times ahead for the newly formed organization. UCAPAWA was one of the few labor unions that allowed women to hold positions of authority. In these positions, they pushed for such benefits as maternity leave and equal pay, and were therefore on the forefront in the struggle for women's equality. By 1937, Henderson could report a membership of over 120,000 workers in more than 300 locals.
By 1946, nearly nine of ten cannery contracts set the minimum wage at sixty-five cents an hour. Two-thirds contained “equal pay for equal work” clauses. More important, three-fourths provided leave of absence for pregnancy or other reasons without losing seniority.” “Eighty percent of these agreements also included benefits as paid vacations and bonuses for night or swing shift work. More than 50 percent had stipulations concerning paid holidays, union-input in setting piece rates, and overtime pay after forty hours per week.
During the 1938 pecan-sheller's strike led by Emma Tenayuca in San Antonio, UCAPAWA president Henderson dispatched organizer Luisa Moreno to turn the local, "El Nogal", into an efficient bargaining organization. Tenayuca had by then already established the Texas Pecan Shelling Workers Union, UCAPAWA Local 172. Their primary grievances put forth against the Seligmann Company were a 15% pay cut, deploring plant conditions, and unpaid homework. The strike, which also became violent when strikers were teargassed, ended with the recognition of the UCAPAWA local and a minimum wage for workers. Local San Antonio Police responded by attacking Tenyuaca and the UCAPAWA local leadership, arresting them and charging them with "Communist Agitation".
In 1939, UCAPAWA vice president Dorothy Ray Healey played an important role in unionizing workers at California Sanitary Canning Company (Cal San) in Los Angeles, who struck in August of the same year. Union members picketed the cannery, grocery stores that sold Cal San goods, and the houses of the Shapiro brothers, the plant's owners. Faced with children holding signs bearing slogans such as "I'm underfed because Mama is underpaid", the Shapiro brothers met with negotiators and soon reached a settlement. The Cal San local became UCAPAWA's second largest, and the union's ranks grew to include the workers at several California canneries.
Strikes.
One of the early UCAPAWA strikes was the 1939 Madera Cotton Strike, which, despite provoking a violent reaction from a group called Associated Farmers, succeeded in winning a minimum wage for union members. It also served as an example of inter-ethnic solidarity, with African American, Mexican American, and White American workers all participating in the strike.
In Seattle, UCAPAWA represented Filipino cannery workers from 1937 until 1947. This was a great example of UCAPAWA supporting a minority group usually overlooked by bigger unions.
In Texas, UCAPAWA was instrumental in unionizing and uniting workers from feed, flour, and cotton mills. At a 1938 wildcat strike of shrimp-processing plant workers, a UCAPAWA organizer was murdered on the picket line.
At post-strike meetings, Dorothy Healey outlined election procedures and general union bylaws. The cannery workers who had led the strike were elected to every major post. UCAPAWA organizers Luke Hinman and Ted Rasmussen, who began an organizing drive at the California Walnut Growers’ Association plant, replaced Healey.
The End of UCAPAWA.
In the Southern United States, the Southern Tenant Farmers Union (STFU), which Communist UCAPAWA president Donald Henderson regarded as "a utopian agrarian movement", became affiliated with the union. A power struggle between the groups erupted soon after the affiliation, and culminated with a 1939 protest against the eviction of sharecroppers in Missouri, which was unsupported by the national organization. As a result, the STFU left the union.
Anticommunism was not the sole thread in the fabric of responses to UCAPAWA’s organization. That there were Communists in UCAPAWA was true; that UCAPAWA was a “communist union” was false. In 1944 UCAPAWA became the Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers (FTA). In 1946, the Los Angeles local "collapsed under the weight of Red Scare witchhunts". By 1950, the FTA only counted 1,000 workers as members, and it was folded into the Distributive and Processing Workers of America.

</doc>
<doc id="5981187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981187" title="CNR Bridge">
CNR Bridge

The CNR Bridge is a steel truss swing span railway bridge over the north arm of the Fraser River in New Westminster British Columbia, Canada. The bridge connects the community of Queensborough, on Lulu Island, to the mainland. The bridge is used by the Canadian National Railway. From where the word CNR is used as the short word for Canadian National Railway

</doc>
<doc id="5981192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981192" title="Araneus alsine">
Araneus alsine

The Strawberry Spider or Orange Wheelweaving Spider (Araneus alsine) is a species of the orb-weaving spider (Araneidae) family.
Description.
Females can reach sizes of up to 15 mm, with the color of the almost globular opisthosoma ranging from beige to orange. Many yellowish dots spread over the surface.
Habits.
"A. alsine" builds small webs near the ground and waits near them in leaves that it has rolled together. The species can be found on moist forest clearings and meadows.
Mating occurs in June and July, eggs are laid until August. The spiderlings soon hatch, overwinter in a subadult stadium and are full-grown in early summer next year.

</doc>
<doc id="5981203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981203" title="I Love You, I Love You Not">
I Love You, I Love You Not

I Love You, I Love You Not is a 1996 romantic drama film directed by Billy Hopkins and written (also the play) by Wendy Kesselman.
Plot.
The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter. Daisy tells Nana of her strong and blossoming romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp. The romantic love feelings she has for the boy are indeed strong and genuine, but the romantic love he has for her is questionable. He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her. She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not. At the end, she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends. She stands there; heartbroken, sad and crying, realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy .

</doc>
<doc id="5981207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981207" title="John Johansen (athlete)">
John Johansen (athlete)

C. E. John Johansen (26 February 1883 – 15 October 1947) was a Norwegian sprinter.
Participating at the 1908 Summer Olympics, Johansen placed second in his first round 100 metres heat with a time of 11.7 seconds. His loss to Robert Cloughen, who had run the course in 11.0 seconds, resulted in Johansen's elimination from competition. Johansen also competed in the javelin throw and freestyle javelin throw events, albeit with unknown results. He became Norwegian champion in 100 metres in 1906 and 1909. He represented IF Ørnulf in Kristiania and later SK Brage in Trondhjem.

</doc>
<doc id="5981210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981210" title="Al-Nour">
Al-Nour

Al-Nour (; "The Light") is a pro-Hezbollah radio station based in Beirut, Lebanon. The station was established on 9 May 1988.
In July 2006 during the Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel attacked Hezbollah's TV station Al-Manar and radio station Al-Nour in Haret Hreyk (Harat Hurayk).
Objectives.
Al Nour has stated its objectives as,
Terrorism Designation.
Al-Nour is designated by the US OFAC as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist group, which allows the US to block the assets of foreign individuals and entities that commit, or pose a significant risk of committing, acts of terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="5981218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981218" title="Yohanan Friedmann">
Yohanan Friedmann

Yohanan Friedmann (born 1936) is an Israeli scholar of Islamic studies.
Biography.
Friedmann was born in Zákamenné, Czechoslovakia and immigrated to Israel with his parents in 1949. He attended high school at the Reali School in Haifa (1945-1950). In 1956 he began his undergraduate studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Department of Arabic Language and Literature, receiving his BA in 1959. In 1962 he finished a master's degree in Arabic literature; his thesis was on the Arab poet Al-Ma'arri. After this, Friedman went to McGill University in Montreal to study for his doctorate. He learned Urdu and focused on the history of Islam in India. His dissertation on Muslim religious thinker Sheikh Ahmad Sirhindi was approved in 1966. In the same year, Friedman joined the Hebrew University and was appointed lecturer in Islamic studies.
He is now Max Schloessinger Professor Emeritus of Islamic Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and, since 1999, a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities. He held several offices with the University: Chair of the Institute of Asian Studies and African Studies from 1975-1978; Chair of the Graduate School from 1980-1983; Dean of Humanities from 1985-1988; Chair of the Department of Arabic language and literature from 2002-2004. In 2003 he was the Sternberg Distinguished Lecturer. In 2007 he has been elected Chair of the Humanities Division of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.
In 2002 Friedmann was member at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. In 2003 he received the Landau Prize in the Humanities. Since 1993, he has been the editor of "Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam". Friedmann served several times as visiting Professor at New York University and the University of Pennsylvania. In 1997 he was scholar in residence with the Rockefeller Foundation.
Research interests.
Friedmann's studies center on Islamic religious thought, mainly in the Indian subcontinent. He assays the historical record for evidence of both tolerance and intolerance of other religious faiths in the Islamic tradition in his most recent work, "Tolerance and Coercion in Islam: Interfaith Relations in the Muslim Tradition".

</doc>
<doc id="5981219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981219" title="Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers">
Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers

The United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America union (UCAPAWA) changed its name to Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers (FTA) in 1944. The FTA sought to further organize cannery units and realized the best way to do this would be through organizing women and immigrant workers and in 1945 started finding success to these ends. The FTA started to experience problems when the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT) began interfering in its organizing efforts. The IBT was affiliated with the American Federation of Labor (AFL) and the FTA was affiliated with its rival, the radical, Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). The IBT union was more conservative in regards to women and immigrant workers. It did not have much interest in integrating them into the union. It was far more concerned with making sweetheart deals and collecting union dues. This willingness to maintain the status quo made the IBT a favorite among California Processors and growers. This meant that they signed more contracts with processors and growers than the FTA, which ultimately undermined the more radical FTA union. The Taft-Hartley Act of 1947 further damaged the FTA. This act stated that American labor unions could not have communist ties and the FTA had many. Because of this act many of the organizers either left the union or were deported. It was at this time that the FTA as a whole was expelled from the CIO. This put the IBT in the center of the California cannery industry and it remained there for the next two decades.
Communism and Anti-Communism.
The Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers (FTA) have had constant ideological and political battles between the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). A lot of what caused this constant friction was that the FTA had a lot of members who were involved with various communist parties and/or organizations. More importantly, “The real active Communist Party leaders within the union.” The most prominent active Communist Party members within the FTA included Theodosia Simpson, Velma Hopkins, Viola Brown, Moranda Smith, Christine Gardner, Robert Black, Clark Sheppard, John Henry Miller, Jethro Dunlap, and Vivian Bruce. The anti-communist sentiment of not only the more conservative/liberal labor unions, but the national community at large felt that the “Communist Inspired” militant party members prevented settlements at the time of negotiations. The general sentiment perceived that the tactics the Communist Party members of the FTA used would “lead to trouble and possibly to race rioting.” Phillip Murray President of the CIO had held strong anti-communist political and theoretical beliefs, but even he himself was convinced that “anti-Communism played into the hands of labor’s enemies.” Phillip Murray held and shared many of the core beliefs that members of the Communist Party in the FTA and the FTA in general agreed to. Some of those beliefs included, “continued cooperation between the United States and the Soviet
Union, and he was committed to maintaining the CIO as an inclusive federation of politically diverse industrial unions.” Despite having conflict with the FTA, Murray felt that organizing against labor’s enemies was more beneficial to workers as opposed to focusing energy fighting against the FTA whose political and tactics mirrored those of the Communist Party.
Interracialism.
At a time when big labor unions were racially prejudiced, the Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers (FTA) took a stance of organizing community members of racial backgrounds. African American and Black members of the FTA held high ethics of racial pride and had held a strong foundation of solidarity that transcended the boundaries of race. For African American/Black members of the FTA, the black church had played a huge influence on their politics of interracialism. The black church held the belief “whites would cast off the sin of racism and embrace the brotherhood of all people, in part by the secular radicalism of a left-led union, and in part by popular anticolonialism.” Organizers of FTA and local black and white leaders were diligent in seeking to break down any racial barriers that would prevent class solidarity from prospering. In 1944, the FTA had found themselves on the tail end of a controversial issue that had arisen in a court hearing that had to do with the contract negotiations between Reynolds and Local 22. White workers in the Employees Association were involved in a shouting match that broke out between union leaders, which ultimately resulted in William Deberry being charged with assaulting a white woman. This caused problems for the FTA because the public had predicted that FTA’s principles of “race mixing” would lead to violence and violation.
Operation Dixie.
Beginning in 1946, in an effort to organize the largely unorganized south, CIO officials began what is called Operation Dixie. This was done for multiple reasons, the first being it sought to organize the Southern textile industry in order to close the wage gap that existed between the North and South stopping the potential flight risk from the North due to the cheap, organized labor that was available in the South. Second, this effort was also an assault on the Bourbons who until then had been the ruling southern power. To start CIO flooded the streets with 200 organizes in what was called the “Holy Crusade” of organizing. This movement quickly inspired the AFL to engage in the same organizing efforts beginning a competition between the two groups. Out of fear that it could potentially lose some of its less radical unions the FTA joined the organizing efforts. The FTA was a vital part of Operation Dixie and its effects can be seen by what it accomplished in North Carolina where they won 25 elections against the AFL. This was despite the fact that this organizing was done in the midst of a Jim Crow south. In the end, it was the Jim Crow laws and the resulting racial strife that contributed to the defeat of this campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5981221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981221" title="Steffi D">
Steffi D

Steffi Stephanie Marie Toscano DiDomenicantonio (born April 28, 1989), nicknamed Steffi D, is a Canadian singer from Orleans, Ontario, and the fifth-place finalist in the 2006 season of "Canadian Idol". A student at École secondaire publique De La Salle, she has been a stage performer at several Ottawa-area theatrical venues since the age of four, On "Canadian Idol", she was known for the trademark bow in her hair and for having a flair for the music of the 1920s.
She played the role of "Ilse" in the first national tour of the smash Broadway musical "Spring Awakening".
Songs that she has performed on "Canadian Idol" include:

</doc>
<doc id="5981229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981229" title="VMF-221">
VMF-221

Marine Fighting Squadron 221 (VMF-221) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps in World War II. During the war, they flew the Brewster F2A-3 and, after reconstitution in 1943, the F4U Corsair. The squadron, also known as the “Fighting Falcons,” is most notable for its actions on June 4, 1942 during the Battle of Midway, which resulted in 23 members of the squadron, many posthumously, being awarded the Navy Cross for their actions in combat. VMF-221 ended WWII with 185 air to air victories, the second most of any Marine Fighting Squadron in the war.
History.
VMF-221 was formed in July 1941 in San Diego, California. In December of that year, following the attack on Pearl Harbor, they moved to Marine Corps Air Station Ewa in Hawaii. On December 25, 1941, fourteen Brewster F2A-3s landed on Midway Island after launching from the USS "Saratoga". They were originally part of a relief force bound for Wake Island, but were diverted to Midway instead after the force was controversially recalled on 22 December 1941; Wake Island fell on the following day. On March 1, 1942, VMF-221, VMF-222, VMSB-241 and their headquarters units formed Marine Aircraft Group 22 commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Ira B. Kimes.
The squadron’s first taste of combat came on March 10, 1942 when four of its pilots recorded the first aerial victory flying F2A-3s, downing an enemy Kawanishi H8K "Emily" flying boat.
By late May, the squadron had been augmented with the arrival of additional aircraft. VMF-221 had 21 F2A-3s and 7 Grumman F4F-3 Wildcats, all of which were essentially worn out "hand-me-downs" from the Navy. Leadership of the squadron was passed to Major Floyd B. Parks, with Kimes taking command of Marine Air Group 22. Much has been written of the inferiority of the Brewster fighter, particularly with regard to the Midway engagement. Many of Parks' pilots, fresh from flight training Stateside, had very little operational experience. This fact, combined with the overwhelming size and disposition of the Japanese force posed against the atoll's defenses, would have more bearing on the outcome than the operational capabilities of the F2A.
On June 4, 1942, during the Battle of Midway, the pilots of VMF-221 were alerted to intercept the incoming formation of Japanese bombers and the 36 escorting Zero fighters that were headed towards the island. Parks led his squadron against the inbound Japanese armada, which combined air groups from Akagi, "Kaga", Hiryu, and "Soryu". In the lead were the level bombers, a "vee of vees" made up of Nakajima B5N "Kates," followed by the dive bomber formation of Aichi D3A "Vals" at a slightly higher altitude. The fighter escort was "stepped up" behind the dive bombers; this disposition gave the pilots of VMF-221 a clear shot at the bombers for the first few passes. Once the Zeros were able to engage the Marine fighters, the tables were effectively turned.
When the smoke of the battle cleared, fourteen of the squadron's aviators, including Parks, had been killed in action; four more had been wounded. Only two of VMF-221's remaining 13 aircraft were serviceable, effectively eliminating the squadron as a viable combat unit. Four of the squadron's ordnancemen were also killed when a Japanese bomb stuck the ammunition area near the airstrip at Midway. For their actions during the Battle, the squadron, as a component of MAG-22, also received a Presidential Unit Citation:
"For conspicuous courage and heroism in combat at Midway Island during June, 1942. Outnumbered five to one, Marine Aircraft Group Twenty-Two boldly intercepted a heavily escorted enemy bombing force, disrupting their attack and preventing serious damage to island installations. Operating with half of their dive-bombers obsolete and in poor mechanical conditions, which necessitated vulnerable glide bombing tactics, they succeeded in inflicting heavy damage on Japanese surface units of a large enemy task force. The skill and gallant perseverance of flight and ground personnel of Marine Aircraft Group Twenty-Two, fighting under tremendously adverse and dangerous conditions were essential factors in the unyielding defense of Midway."
Two VMF-221 aviators would later become aces during the course of the war. 2nd Lt Charles M. Kunz, who had flown an F2A in Capt Kirk Armistead's division, was later assigned to VMF-224; he would end the war with 8 confirmed aerial victories. Capt Marion E. Carl, who piloted an F4F at Midway, would later fly with VMF-223, running his score to 18.5 "kills."
Following the Battle of Midway, the squadron was transferred back to Ewa and was one of three Marine fighting squadrons that made up Marine Air Group 21. As new pilots arrived in Hawaii and additional aircraft became available, the squadron was slowly rebuilt. In January, MAG-21 was notified for deployment and the three squadrons were loaded aboard the U.S.S. Nassau and transported to Espiritu Santo. Upon arrival, VMF-214 and VMF-221 sent detachments to Guadalcanal, but VMF-213 was held back and selected to become one of the first squadrons to be equipped with the F4U Corsair. Most of VMF-221's tour at Guadalcanal consisted of combat air patrols over Guadalcanal, but the large raid on April 1, 1943, resulted in Lt James Swett's Medal of Honor action.
After transition to the F4U-1, VMF-221 supported operations during the Battle of Guadalcanal, while also striking Japanese shipping in the vicinity of Bougainville. During the landings on the first day of the Battle of New Georgia, VMF-221 pilots got credit for shooting down 16 Japanese aircraft In December 1943, they were sent back to the states for another reorganization.
Their final combat deployment was from January 24, 1945, to June 6, 1945, aboard the USS Bunker Hill.
Squadron aces.
The following members of VMF-221 were credited with at least 5 enemy aircraft shot down:

</doc>
<doc id="5981234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981234" title="Mustang Software">
Mustang Software

Mustang Software, Inc. was a California-based corporation that developed telecommunications software products. Mustang was incorporated in 1988, became a public corporation (NASDAQ ticker symbol MSTG) in 1995, and was finally merged into Quintus Corporation in 2000.
Mustang's first software products were sold using the shareware model. As the company grew, the products were soon migrated to shrinkware. During the rise of the Internet and electronic software distribution, Mustang stopped distributing physical products and instead sold licenses to its software.
Major Products.
Wildcat! BBS.
For most of its lifetime, Mustang's flagship product was Wildcat! BBS. Wildcat! was a bulletin board system that computer users could dial into using a modem, and communicate with other users online. Initially, only one user could be dialed into the system at one time, but technological advances later allowed more than one user to be online simultaneously and to interact with one another.
The first versions of Wildcat! ran on the DOS platform. In the mid-1990s, Mustang developed a new version called "WINServer" that ran on 32-bit Windows platforms.
Wildcat! was sold to Santronics Software, Inc. in 1998 as Mustang wanted to concentrate on its new software products.
QmodemPro.
Mustang bought Qmodem from The Forbin Project in 1992 and renamed it to QmodemPro. QmodemPro was a DOS-based communications program, intended for use by computer users to dial in to BBS systems.
Mustang developed versions of QmodemPro for 16-bit and 32-bit version of Windows. Support for RIP was added in 1993.
QmodemPro continued to be sold by Mustang through 2000, and the rights to it were purchased by Quintus. Its status is now abandonware.
Internet Message Center.
Mustang developed Internet Message Center in 1997 in response to the drop in the bulletin board system market due to the rise of the Internet. Internet Message Center, or IMC as it was known, was designed to handle incoming corporate email. The email was filtered, sorted, tracked, and distributed to agents (people who would respond to the email). Agent responses would be routed back through IMC so a complete history of email conversations with a customer could be recorded. IMC also provided reporting features to analyze email performance.
The rights to IMC were purchased by Quintus in 2000. Its status is now abandonware.

</doc>
<doc id="5981247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981247" title="German submarine U-844">
German submarine U-844

German submarine "U-844" was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine", built for service during the Second World War. An extremely short-lived boat, "U-844" served just ten days on her only patrol and was sunk with two other boats whilst preparing for a failed attack on a well-defended convoy within range of allied air support.
Built by the large AG Weser shipyards in Bremen, "U-844" was rapidly completed and readied for service, her entire building program taking just under a year. Given to "Oberleutnant zur See" Günther Möller, she passed her initial working-up and training schedule well, and was dispatched to her first patrol in the Atlantic Ocean in the first week of October 1943 to try to stem the terrible losses being incurred by U-boats at this time.
War Patrol.
Ten days after her departure whilst she sailed south of Iceland she received orders to attach herself to and and to proceed southwards to attack Convoy ON 206 in the North Atlantic. The boats had to travel on the surface to have any hope of reaching their target, and it was this which caused disaster, as the three submarines were spotted in broad daylight by a Consolidated Liberator aircraft, which rapidly called allies in the form of more Liberators from 59 Squadron and 86 Squadron Royal Air Force amongst other forces.
During the day long battle which followed, the anti-aircraft weapons of the boats were brought into use, downing two Liberators and killing a number of crewmen. It was not however enough to stave off the inevitable, and one by one the boats were separated and sunk, having been prevented from diving by constant attention from Allied aircraft. "U-844" was eventually lost to a direct hit from a bomb dropped by a Liberator, the boat blowing to pieces and killing all 53 of her crew.

</doc>
<doc id="5981248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981248" title="David Beland">
David Beland

David Beland was a Canadian athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres, Beland placed third of four in his first round heat to be eliminated from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981270" title="Henry Harmer">
Henry Harmer

Henry Sutton Harmer (July 8, 1883 – January 9, 1958) was a British athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
He was born in West Ham and died in Sidmouth.
In the 100 metres event, Harmer did not finish in his first round heat and was eliminated from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981310" title="William W. May">
William W. May

William Wyman "Willie" May (March 17, 1887 – November 1979) was an American athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. He was born in Knoxville, Alabama and died in Utica, New York.
In the 100 metres event, May won his first round heat with a time of 11.2 seconds. He was eliminated in the semifinals, running the course in 11.0 seconds but taking second place in his heat to Reggie Walker who tied the Olympic record at 10.8 seconds. He lost to Robert Kerr in the preliminary heats of the 200 metres competition. May was eliminated while Kerr went on to win the gold medal in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="5981311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981311" title="The Art of Sexual Ecstasy">
The Art of Sexual Ecstasy

The Art of Sexual Ecstasy (New York: Tarcher/Putnam, 1989) is the best-known work of author Margot Anand. It presents the foundation of her method known as "SkyDancing Tantra". It has been translated into at least eleven languages and has gone through numerous printings. It is possibly the most popular book on Tantra addressed to a Western audience, and is notable for its use of concrete sexual exercises to demonstrate the often esoteric principles of Tantra.

</doc>
<doc id="5981325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981325" title="SS Mongolia (1922)">
SS Mongolia (1922)

The SS "Mongolia" was a steam turbine-driven twin-screw passenger-and-cargo ocean liner launched in 1922 for the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O) for service from the United Kingdom to Australia. Later in P&O service it sailed for New Zealand, and in 1938 it was chartered to a P&O subsidiary, the New Zealand Shipping Company, as SS "Rimutaka". 
In 1950 it was sold to become the SS "Europa", carrying immigrants to the United States from Europe; later, it became a Bahamas cruise ship, the SS "Nassau". Its final incarnation was under a Mexican flag as a Los Angeles to Acapulco cruise liner, the SS "Acapulco", making it the only ocean liner to ever fly the Mexican flag. The ship was scrapped in 1963.
SS "Mongolia", 1922–1938.
The P&O ordered SS "Mongolia" from Sir W G Armstrong, Whitworth & Co. Ltd. of Newcastle upon Tyne on 22 November 1918, but construction was delayed by postwar refits of existing ships and she was not launched until 24 August 1922. After fitting out and sea trials the "Mongolia" was delivered to P&O on 26 April 1923. The ship cost an estimated ₤1 million.
She left London on her maiden voyage to Sydney on 11 May 1923 on what was at first a 4-weekly mail service, that service being increased to fortnightly from 1925. She was converted to oil fuel in 1928.
Notable incidents included a collision on 16 July 1933 with the tanker and a breakwater in Copenhagen, followed by running aground; and a collision with off Marseilles on 3 December 1936.
She was laid up for sale in 1937.
She was captained by Harry Ramsey Rhodes for 9 years
SS "Rimutaka", 1938–1950.
In 1938, the P&O transferred the ship under long-term charter to their subsidiary, the New Zealand Shipping Company, who renamed her SS "Rimutaka", the third ship of that name, registered at Plymouth. She was reconfigured at this time to carry 840 tourist class passengers; before entering service, she was in collision with off the Nore. After repairs, she departed for New Zealand for the first time on 12 December 1938. The "Rimutaka" worked a route from London, through Panama, to Auckland, New Zealand and terminating at Wellington, New Zealand.
She suffered a fire in her No. 3 hold on 9 March 1939. In September of that year, she was requisitioned for conversion to an armed merchant cruiser due to the outbreak of World War II, but was released from that service before any conversion occurred. Instead, the "Rimutaka" was requisitioned for the Liner Division between 12 May 1940 and 14 June 1946, but remained in UK—New Zealand service for most of the war.
After hostilities ceased, she continued in NZSC service on the same route; her last voyage with the company was in 1950, departing Wellington for London in January, 1950. She was returned to parent P&O for sale.
SS "Europa", 1950–1951.
On 3 March 1950 the ship was transferred from P&O to the Home Lines-affiliated Compania de Navegacion Incres SA (Incres Shipping Company) of Panama for £95,000. (Th She was renamed the SS "Europa", converted to take 614 tourist class passengers, was stripped of her refrigerated cargo space, and placed into service transporting stateless immigrants from Europe to the United States and Canada. She was Italian-crewed, and first sailed from Genoa; later crossings began from Antwerp and later Le Havre. A stop en route was made at Plymouth to collect British immigrants. The destinations were Halifax, Nova Scotia and New York City. The "Europa" continued in this service until the end of September, 1951.
SS "Nassau", 1951–1961.
After this, the ship was renovated in Genoa to become the Incres Nassau Line's SS "Nassau", a cruise ship sailing from New York City to Nassau in the Bahamas. Her cargo holds were removed and swimming pools and other amenities were fitted, suiting her to her new role. This was the first time a ship was employed year-round as a cruise ship. In 1954 her registry was transferred to Liberia.
SS "Acapulco", 1961–1963.
The ship was purchased in 1961 by Natumex Line (), a Mexican government-owned company, to provide a fortnightly service between Acapulco and Los Angeles. She underwent a rebuild by the Fairfield Shipbuilding & Engineering Co., Ltd. of Glasgow, Scotland including the fitting of a new bow and funnel. The "SS Acapulco" then sailed for the United States, where it initially failed inspections by the United States Coast Guard.
On its third trip from California, it suffered a mechanical breakdown at sea.
In 1962, she went to the Seattle World's Fair to serve as a hotel ship.
In 1963, she was laid up at Manzanillo, Colima, and in 1964 she was towed to Japan for scrap, arriving at Osaka on 15 December 1964 for breaking up at Sakai. Demolition commenced on 6 January 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5981334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981334" title="Nancy Dupláa">
Nancy Dupláa

Nancy Dupláa (born December 3, 1969) is an Argentine actress.
Biography.
She was born in Olivos, Buenos Aires Province, and was raised in San Martín, a suburb to the west. She enrolled in the University of Buenos Aires to pursue a degree in graphic design, but discontinued her studies after two years. An apprenticeship in the local theatre led to her first significant role, that of Mariana, the teen protagonist in a popular local teen drama series, "Montaña Rusa" ("Rollercoaster"), in 1994-95; the experience led to a brief, but much-publicized romance with co-star Gastón Pauls. She remained active in the theatre, working with veteran actor Federico Luppi in a local production of "The Dresser", in 1997.
She first appeared on the Argentine cinema in a thriller, "Comodines" ("Jokers"), in 1997, and would portray such varied roles as the murderous Gabriela in "El desvío" ("The Detour"), and the ambitious Arteche in "Buenos Aires me mata" ("Buenos Aires Kills Me"). She was reunited with Gastón Pauls for the acclaimed "Nueces para el amor" ("Nuts for Love"), in 2000. While at work in "El desvío", she met her future husband, actor Pablo Echarri, with whom she co-starred in the hit romantic comedy, "Apasionados" ("Impassioned"), in 2002. The couple married in 2007, and have a daughter called Morena. She has won a Martin Fierro Award for best actress, for her work in the television series "099 Central".

</doc>
<doc id="5981336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981336" title="Una Vez Más Holdings">
Una Vez Más Holdings

Una Vez Más Holdings, LLC is the owner of a group of low-power television stations, mostly in the Southwest, and is the largest Azteca América affiliate group in the United States. Based in Dallas, Texas, Una Vez Más (Spanish for "One More Time") owns 31 low-power television stations in California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Florida, 25 of which are operational, and eleven of which are Class A television stations. Randy Nonberg is President and COO of Una Vez Mas, Terry Crosby is Chairman and CEO, and Nora Crosby is Vice-President of Operations.
On October 22, 2009; Una Vez Más has announced that it would be absorbing Johnson Broadcasting's portfolio after that broadcasting firm filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. This included KLDT in Lake Dallas, Texas and KNWS-TV in Houston, Texas. The sale of these stations to Una Vez Más was approved by the bankruptcy court on December 29, 2009 and by the Federal Communications Commission on September 27. 2010. Una Vez Más officially took control of the two stations on December 29, 2010 and changed their affiliations to Azteca América and their call signs to KAZD and KYAZ, respectively. As a result, KAZD became the flagship of the company.
On July 28, 2011 High Plains Broadcasting announced plans to sell KFTY (now KEMO-TV) of Santa Rosa, California to Una Vez Más, with the intent to affiliate the station with Azteca América. In September 2011, the FCC approved the sale, with the station switching to Azteca América on September 29. At this present time KEMO, along with KAZD and KYAH are the only three full-service, full-power television stations owned by Una Vez Más.

</doc>
<doc id="5981345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981345" title="Sardar Sher Ali Khan Mazari">
Sardar Sher Ali Khan Mazari

Sardar Sher Ali Khan Mazari is a prominent figure in the politics of Balochistan.
He gained recognition as a negotiator between the Government of Pakistan and his maternal uncle Akbar Bugti. However, the negotiations did not bear fruit and the Pakistan Army launched a full military operation against the Baloch tribes.
Sher Ali Mazari believes in a peaceful solution to the problems prevailing in Balochistan and on many an occasion he has urged both parties to stop the blood-shed and negotiate a peace.
He was born on 24 October 1954 in Quetta to Sherbaz Khan Mazari a veteran Baloch nationalist politician during the Bhutto-Zia era.
Sardar Sher Ali Khan Mazari is the nephew of both Balakh Sher Mazari and Akbar Bugti, Mazari and Bugti tribal chiefs respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5981354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981354" title="James Patterson Lyke">
James Patterson Lyke

James Patterson Lyke, O.F.M. (February 18, 1939 – December 27, 1992) was an African-American clerygman of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Atlanta from 1991 to 1992.
Biography.
James Lyke was born on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, the youngest of seven children of Amos and Ora (née Sneed) Lyke. His father abandoned the family, and his mother was left to raise the children in impoverished surroundings, relying on welfare checks. The family lived in a flat, where there were no beds and the only source of heat was a coal stove, before moving to Wentworth Gardens, a Chicago housing project. His mother, a Baptist, sent James to a Catholic school in the fourth grade in order to keep him out of trouble, and did the church's laundry to help pay the tuition. Shortly afterwards, she and six of her children, including James, converted to Catholicism.
He joined the Franciscan order in 1959, studying at St. Francis Novitiate in Teutopolis, Illinois, later obtaining his B.A.
degree in philosophy at Our Lady of Angels House of Philosophy through Quincy College in Illinois. He held a master's of divinity from St. Joseph Theological Seminary in Teutopolis and received a Ph.D. in theology in 1981 from the Union Graduate School in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Episcopacy.
Auxiliary Bishop of Cleveland.
While serving as Auxiliary Bishop in the Diocese of Cleveland, Bishop Lyke coordinated the hymnal project which produced " Lead Me, Guide Me: the African American Catholic Hymnal" in 1987.
Apostolic Administrator of Atlanta.
After the resignation of Archbishop Eugene Marino due to scandal in 1990, Bishop Lyke was appointed Apostolic Administrator of the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
Archbishop of Atlanta.
He was then appointed archbishop there, and was installed as such on June 24, 1991. Lyke died of cancer in 1992. At the time of his death, he was the highest-ranking black Catholic clergyman in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="5981361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981361" title="Thorp Perrow Arboretum">
Thorp Perrow Arboretum

Thorp Perrow Arboretum is an woodland garden near Bedale in North Yorkshire, England.
Originally known as Thorp, Helewise of Perrow, near Ditchingham in Norfolk, was an early landowner. This is comparable to Bedale, as the Stapletons there held Ingham, Norfolk.
Thorp Perrow is considered to be one of the finest collections of trees and shrubs in the United Kingdom. The Arboretum was created by Colonel Sir Leonard Ropner (1895–1977). He began the Arboretum in 1931 and in July 2006 the gardens celebrated their 75th anniversary by planting the 1,750th tree.
As well as the gardens founded by Leonard Ropner, Thorp Perrow also includes Milbank Pinetum planted by Lady Augusta Milbank in the nineteenth century and the 16th century Spring Wood.
Thorp Perrow is home to five National Plant Collections; Tilia (Lime), Fraxinus (Ash), Cotinus (Smoke Bush), Laburnum and Juglans (Walnut). 
Thorp Perrow also boasts 66 Champion trees in its collection. 
Thorp Perrow provides interest all the year round. In Winter a spectacular display of Hamamelis (Witch Hazel) and Galanthus (Snowdrops) can be seen. In the spring you can witness one of the finest and most extensive plantings of Narcissus (Daffodils) in the north of England, including some old and unusual varieties. This is followed by many of the trees covered in blossom, carpets of bluebells and bold drifts of wild flowers. Midsummer Hydrangeas, Wild flower planting and an array of plants to attract wildlife can be seen. Later in the year the Autumn provides stunning colours all over the Arboretum, but in particular the three Autumn Bays are not to be missed. The grass paths through the Arboretum are mown regularly, but other areas are mown once a year to provide an ideal habitat for the many wild flowers, fungi and insects that can be seen. 
Thorp Perrow also has ornamental lakes, scenic walks and trails, a playground, a tearoom, and a popular a Birds of Prey Centre. This is one of the largest collections of birds of prey in the north of England.
There are regular flying demonstrations and the Birds of Prey Centre now incorporates The Northern School of Falconry and Associated Studies, which runs a number of falconry and bird handling courses.
Thorp perrow also runs a number of gardening courses throughout the year. Taking advantage of the extensive grounds to learn and practise in.

</doc>
<doc id="5981366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981366" title="Victor Jacquemin">
Victor Jacquemin

Victor Jacquemin (born 12 March 1892, date of death unknown) was a Belgian athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres event, Jacquemin took second place in his first round heat with a time of 11.5 seconds. His loss to William W. May resulted in Jacquemin's elimination from competition.
Jacquemin also competed in the 400 metres competition, but did not finish his preliminary heat.

</doc>
<doc id="5981367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981367" title="HGB">
HGB

HGB stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="5981379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981379" title="2000 UEFA Champions League Final">
2000 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2000 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match that took place on 24 May 2000. The match was played at Stade de France in Saint-Denis, France, to determine the winner of the 1999–2000 UEFA Champions League. The final pitted Spanish teams Real Madrid and Valencia. It was the first time in the UEFA Champions League or the European Cup that two clubs from the same country competed in the final.
Match.
Summary.
The match saw a headed goal from Fernando Morientes and a spectacular Steve McManaman volley put Real Madrid 2–0 ahead, before Raúl sealed the win with a breakaway third goal, rounding Santiago Cañizares after Real had cleared a Valencia corner.
The win was Real's eighth European Cup Championship overall and their second in three years, and was notable for being Vicente Del Bosque's first title as manager. It was also a landmark for being the first final played between two teams from the same nation, as well as for having Englishman McManaman become the first player from his nation, to win the tournament with a foreign club.
Statistics.
Source: UEFA Champions League Final 2000 Full-Time Report

</doc>
<doc id="5981386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981386" title="L. Lescat">
L. Lescat

L. Lescat was a French athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres, Lescat took third place in his first round heat and was eliminated from further competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981387" title="José Manuel Ochotorena">
José Manuel Ochotorena

José Manuel Ochotorena Santacruz (born 16 January 1961 in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
Ochotorena emerged through Real Madrid's youth ranks, making his professional debuts late in 1981–82 due to a professional's strike, as he was still part of the reserve squad setup. He would have to wait until the 1985–86 season to become a starter, helping the capital side to that year's La Liga and UEFA Cup titles, but lost his spot the following campaign after the signing of Sevilla FC's Francisco Buyo.
Afterwards Ochotorena moved to Valencia CF, winning the Ricardo Zamora Trophy in his first season, being replaced mere minutes into the last game at Real Madrid, which helped him maintain his average. After three solid seasons at the Mestalla Stadium, he was sent off in a game against Real Madrid, and never appeared officially for the "Che" again. 
Ochotorena retired in 1998 at the age of 37, after unassuming spells with CD Tenerife, CD Logroñés (he played most of the games in 1994–95, but the Riojan were relegated) and Racing de Santander. He earned one cap for Spain on 20 September 1989, taking over for Andoni Zubizarreta for the final ten minutes in a friendly with Poland in A Coruña, and was in the final squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
Ochotorena then assumed goalkeeping coach duties at both Valencia and the national team but, when countryman Rafael Benítez joined Premier League side Liverpool in July 2004, he replaced Joe Corrigan.
In July 2007 he returned to Valencia once again, replaced at Liverpool by Xavi Valero.

</doc>
<doc id="5981389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981389" title="Hugh McAuley (footballer, born 1953)">
Hugh McAuley (footballer, born 1953)

Hugh McAuley (born 8 January 1953) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. He made 205 appearances in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers, Plymouth Argyle, Charlton Athletic and Carlisle United.
Career.
McAuley began his career at Liverpool, but made his senior debut on loan at Tranmere Rovers. He joined Plymouth Argyle for £12,000 in 1974 and won promotion to the Second Division in his first season with the club. He moved to Charlton Athletic in 1976, where he played for two seasons, and then returned to Tranmere. McAuley joined Carlisle United the following year and spent two seasons with the club, but did not play regularly. He finished his playing career in non-league football with Formby.
He returned to Liverpool in 1988 as a coach, having worked with the Mersyside Youth Association from 1982. He was responsible for the club's centre of excellence programme and was involved in the youth team that won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in 1996. He then worked in the club's new youth academy and managed the reserve team before leaving Liverpool in 2009. Robbie Fowler, Jamie Carragher, Michael Owen and Steven Gerrard were among those who came through the academy during McAuley's time at Liverpool. McAuley's son, Hugh, made 100 appearances in the Football League for Cheltenham Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5981407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981407" title="Nuctenea umbratica">
Nuctenea umbratica

The Walnut Orb-weaver Spider ("Nuctenea umbratica") is a spider of the Araneidae family.
Name.
The species name "umbratica" means "living in the shadows" in Latin.
Description.
The walnut orb-weaver spider is very wide and flattened, with a leathery skin. Its color ranges from red brown and grey brown to black with a dark, yellowish to yellow-greenish leaf-like fleckled marking on its opisthosoma, where small dents are visible. These are the onsets of muscles that flatten the abdomen.
Female "N. umbratica" can reach up to 15 mm in size, the males grow only up to 8 mm.
The spider hides during the day outside of buildings in wall crevices, or under loose bark. They are very common in Central Europe; females occur all year long, while males appear mostly during summer. This spider has a flattened body, helping it to secrete itself in cracks and crevices. Walnut orb-weaving spiders are capable of concealing themselves in very confined spaces. This tends to act as a defensive advantage and increases the amount of locations an orb-web can be effectively constructed. 
In the evening the spider constructs an orb-web that can be up to 70 cm in diameter. A signaling thread leads from the web to her hiding place. After dusk she sits in the web's center.
This spider is capable of biting humans, causing itchiness and a burning sensation followed by a red patch with white lumps.

</doc>
<doc id="5981420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981420" title="Mikhail Paskalides">
Mikhail Paskalides

Mikhail Paskalides (also Michael Paschalidis, ) was a Greek athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres, Paskalides took fourth place in his first round heat and was eliminated from further competition. He took second in his two-man heat of the 200 metres with a time of 24.0 seconds and was eliminated from that competition as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5981459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981459" title="Hugh Geoghegan">
Hugh Geoghegan

Hugh Geoghegan (born 1938) was a judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland of Ireland from 8 March 2000 having been nominated by the Government of Ireland on 22 February 2000 until May 2010 when he retired.[http://www.rte.ie/news/2000/0222/supremecourt.html He replaced Mr Justice Donal Barrington. Before appointment to the Supreme Court, Geoghegan had spent eight years as a judge of the High Court, being nominated to that position by the short-lived Fianna Fáil-Labour coalition.
Geoghegan has the special distinction of being the first son of a Supreme Court judge to follow in his father's footsteps. His father James Geoghegan was a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála representing Longford–Westmeath from 1930 to 1937 and Minister for Justice, Attorney General, and judge of the Supreme Court.
He is married to Mary Finlay Geoghegan who, in 2002, became the third female judge of the High Court of Ireland. They have three children. His father-in-law Thomas Finlay is a former Chief Justice (1985–1994).
In the 1980s, as a senior counsel Geoghegan served on the Circuit Court Rules Committee, along with future judicial colleague Michael Moriarty. He also appeared before the tribunal of inquiry into the Stardust fire. [http://historical-debates.oireachtas.ie/D/0331/D.0331.198112090017.html
He is a former auditor and current vice-president of the UCD Law Society
Justice Geoghegan was appointed Honorary Adjunct Professor of Law in the Department of Law at the National University of Ireland Maynooth in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5981461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981461" title="Robert C. Duncan (athlete)">
Robert C. Duncan (athlete)

Robert Cochran Duncan (September 21, 1885 – May 4, 1957) was a British athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.
In the 100 metres, Duncan won his first round heat with a time of 11.4 seconds to advance to the semifinals. There, he finished fourth and last in his semifinal heat to be eliminated.
He was not as successful in the 200 metres. His time of 23.1 seconds put him in second place behind Georges Malfait and eliminated him from competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5981462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981462" title="HMS Badger (1911)">
HMS Badger (1911)

HMS "Badger" was an "Acheron"-class destroyer of the Royal Navy that served during the First World War and was sold for breaking in 1921. She was the eighth Royal Navy ship to be named "Badger", after the mammal of the same name.
Construction.
She was built under the 1910-11 shipbuilding programme by William Denny & Brothers of Dumbarton and was launched on 11 July 1911. She and her sister-ship "Beaver" were completed with geared steam turbines for evaluation purposes and were known as "Parsons Specials".
Career.
Pre-war.
"Badger" served with the First Destroyer Flotilla from 1911 and, with her flotilla, joined the British Grand Fleet in 1914 on the outbreak of the First World War.
The Battle of Heligoland Bight.
She was present on 28 August 1914 at the Battle of Heligoland Bight, detached from the First Destroyer Flotilla along with "Jackal", "Beaver" and "Sandfly". She shared in the prize money for the engagement.
The Ramming of "U-19".
On 29 October 1914 she became the first Allied ship to successfully attack a German Navy U-boat when she rammed off the Dutch coast. "U-19" was severely damaged but managed to return to port, was repaired and survived the war.
The Battle of Jutland.
The 1st Destroyer Flotilla served at Jutland; it was "Badger"'s distressing duty to rescue the crew of , which had blown up after a German salvo penetrated the magazines. Of the crew of 1,021, only two officers and four crew were rescued. Her commanding officer at the time of the battle was Commander C A Fremantle.
SS "Lanfranc".
On 17 April 1917 at 1930 hrs, was torpedoed four miles northeast of Le Havre by while bound for Southampton. At the time she had 387 patients, of which 167 were German prisoners of war, and of these patients, 326 were cot-bound. Approximately 570 survivors were picked up by "Badger" and , aided by and the French patrol boat "Roitelet", and taken to Portsmouth.
Service off Durazzo.
Lieutenant Commander Geoffrey Corlett received the Italian Naval Decoration for service off Durazzo in Albania while serving as the captain of HMS "Badger".
SS "Tuscania".
At 0700 hrs on 4 February 1918, "Badger" joined convoy HX-20 along with seven other Royal Navy destroyers from Lough Swilly, Northern Ireland. At 1845 the next day, while transiting the North Channel, SS "Tuscania" of 14,348 GRT was torpedoed by . The ship was packed with United States soldiers, and 210 lives were lost in the sinking.
Post-war.
In common with most of her class, she was laid up after the First World War and in May 1921 she was sold for breaking.

</doc>
<doc id="5981465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981465" title="Styles of Chinese martial arts">
Styles of Chinese martial arts

The concept of martial arts styles only appear around the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). Before the Ming period, martial skills were differentiated only by their lineage. There are now hundreds of different styles of Chinese martial arts, many distinctive styles with their own sets of techniques and ideas. There are themes common which allows them to be group according to generalized "families" (家, jiā), "sects" (派, pai), "class" (門, men), or "schools" (教, jiao) of martial art styles. There are styles that mimic movements from animals and others that gather inspiration from various Chinese philosophies or mythologies. Some styles put most of their focus into the belief of the harnessing of qi energy, while others concentrate solely on competition or exhibition. This rich variety of styles has led to the creation of numerous classification schemes.
Geographical location such as regional affiliation is one well known example.
A particular Chinese martial arts style can be referred to as either a "northern fist" (北拳) or a "southern fist" (南拳) depending on its point of origin. Additional details such as province or city can further identify the particular style. Other classification schemes include the concept of "external" (外家拳) and "internal" (内家拳). This criterion concerns the training focus of a particular style. Religious affiliation of the group that found the style can also be used as a classification. The three great religions of Taoism, Buddhism and Islam have associated martial arts styles. There are also many other criteria used to group Chinese martial arts; for example, imitative-styles (像形拳) and legendary styles; historical styles and family styles. Another more recent approach is to describe a style according to their combat focus.
Geographical classifications.
The traditional dividing line between the northern and southern Chinese martial arts is the Yangtze River. A well known adage concerning Chinese martial arts is the term "Southern fists and Northern kicks" (「南拳北腿」). This saying emphasizes the difference between the two groups of Chinese martial arts. However, such differences are not absolute and there are many Northern styles that excel in hand techniques and conversely, there are many different type of kicks in some Southern styles. A style can also be more clearly classified according to regional landmarks, province, city and even to a specific village.
Northern styles.
Northern styles/Běi pài (北派) feature deeply extended postures—such as the horse, bow, drop, and dragon stances—connected by quick fluid transitions, able to quickly change the direction in which force is issued.
The group of Northern martial arts includes many illustrious styles such as Baguazhang, Bajiquan, Chāquán, Chuojiao, Eagle Claw, Northern Praying Mantis and Taijiquan. Chángquán is often identified as the representative Northern style and forms a separate division in modern Wushu curriculum.
Northern styles exhibit a distinctively different flavor from the martial arts practiced in the South. In general, the training characteristics of northern styles put more focus on legwork, kicking and acrobatics. The influence of Northern styles can be found in traditional Korean martial arts and their emphasis on high-level kicks.
It has been suggested that the presence of high kicks and flying kicks found in Southern styles, in Okinawan martial arts, and hence in modern non-Chinese styles such as karate and taekwondo (and by extension modern kickboxing) are due to influence from northern styles during the first half of the 20th century.
Southern styles.
Southern Chinese martial arts (南派) feature low stable stances and short powerful movements that combine both attack and defense. In practice, Nanquan focus more on the use of the arm and full body techniques than high kicks or acrobatic moves. There are various explanations for those characteristics. 
The influence of Southern styles can be found in Goju Ryu, a karate style from Okinawa.
The term Southern styles typically applies to the five family styles of Southern China: Choy Gar (蔡家), Hung Ga (洪家), Lau Gar (刘家), Li (Lee) Family (李家) and Mok Gar (莫家). Other styles include: Choy Li Fut, Fujian White Crane, Ng Ga Kuen (Five Families/Five Animals style), Dog Style Kungfu, Five Ancestors, Wing Chun, Hakka, Southern Praying Mantis, Hak Fu Mun, Bak Mei and Dragon. There are sub-divisions to Southern styles due to their similar characteristics and common heritage. For example, the Fujian and Hakka martial arts can be considered to be one such sub-division. This groups share the following characteristics that "during fights, pugilists of these systems prefer short steps and close fighting, with their arms placed close to the chest, their elbows lowered and kept close to the flanks to offer them protection". Nanquan (Southern Fist) became a separate and distinct component of the current Wushu training. It was designed to incorporate the key elements of each major Southern style.
An elaborate new style titled “Style Cubed” style has emerged from the Southern province of Ba’ dassery. It encompasses Tiger Claw, Wolf Fang and Raccoon Tail. 
Other geographical classifications.
Chinese martial arts can also be identified by the regional landmarks, province, city or even village. Generally, this identification indicates the region of origin but could also describe the place where the style has established a reputation. Well-known landmarks used to characterize Chinese martial arts include the famous mountains of China. The Eight Great Schools of Martial Arts (八大門派), a grouping of martial arts schools used in many wuxia novels, is based on this type of geographical classifications. This group of schools includes: Hua Shan (華山), Éméi Shān (峨嵋山), Wudang Shan (武当山), Mt. Kongtong (崆峒山), Kunlun Mountains (崑崙山), Cangshan (蒼山), Mount Qingcheng (青城山) and Mount Song Shaolin (嵩山少林). Historically, there are 18 provinces (省) in China. Each province has its own styles of martial arts. For example, in Xingyi, there are currently three main branches: Shanxi, Hebei and Henan. Each branch has unique characteristics but they can all be traced to the original art developed by Li Luoneng and the Dai family. A particular style can also be identified by the city where the art was practised. For example, in the North, the cities of Beijing or Tianjin have created different martial arts branches for many styles. Similarly, in the South, the cities of Shanghai, Quandong and Foshan all represented centers of martial arts development. Older martial art styles can be described by their village affiliation. For example, Zhaobao t'ai chi ch'uan (趙堡忽靈架太極拳) is a branch of Chen-style t'ai chi ch'uan originating from Zhaobao village.
External and Internal.
The distinction between external and internal (外内) martial arts comes from Huang Zongxi's 1669 "Epitaph for Wang Zhengnan".
Stanley Henning proposes that the "Epitaph"'s identification of the internal martial arts with the Taoism indigenous to China and its identification of the external martial arts with the foreign Buddhism of Shaolin—and the Manchu Qing Dynasty to which Huang Zongxi was opposed—may have been an act of political defiance rather than one of technical classification.
Kennedy and Guo suggests that external and internal classifications only became popular during the Republican period. It was used to differentiate between two competing groups within The Central Guoshu Academy.
Regardless of the origin of this classification scheme, the distinction becomes less meaningful since all complete Chinese martial art styles have external and internal components. This classification scheme is only a reminder of the initial emphasis of a particular style and should not be considered an absolute division.
External styles.
External style () are often associated with Chinese martial arts. They are characterized by fast and explosive movements and a focus on physical strength and agility. External styles includes both the traditional styles focusing on application and fighting, as well as the modern styles adapted for competition and exercise. Examples of external styles are Shaolinquan, with its direct explosive attacks and many Wushu forms that have spectacular aerial techniques.
External styles begin with a training focus on muscular power, speed and application, and generally integrate their qigong aspects in advanced training, after their desired "hard" physical level has been reached. Most Chinese martial art styles are classified as external styles.
Internal styles.
Internal styles () focus on the practice of such elements as awareness of the spirit, mind, qi (breath, or energy flow) and the use of relaxed leverage rather than unrefined muscular tension, tension that soft stylists call "brute force".
While the principles that distinguish internal styles from the external were described at least as early as the 18th century by Chang Nai-chou, the modern terms distinguishing external and internal styles were first recorded by Sun Lutang; who wrote that Taijiquan, Baguazhang, and Xingyiquan were internal arts. Later on, others began to include their style under this definition; for example, Liuhebafa, Zi Ran Men, and Yiquan.
Components of internal training includes stance training ("zhan zhuang"), stretching and strengthening of muscles, as well as on empty hand and weapon forms which can contain quite demanding coordination from posture to posture. Many internal styles have basic two-person training, such as pushing hands. A prominent characteristic of internal styles is that the forms are generally performed at a slow pace. This is thought to improve coordination and balance by increasing the work load, and to require the student to pay minute attention to their whole body and its weight as they perform a technique. In some styles, for example in Chen style of taijiquan, there are forms that include sudden outbursts of explosive movements. At an advanced level, and in actual fighting, internal styles are performed quickly, but the goal is to learn to involve the entire body in every motion, to stay relaxed, with deep, controlled breathing, and to coordinate the motions of the body and the breathing accurately according to the dictates of the forms while maintaining perfect balance. Internal styles have been associated in legend and in much popular fiction with the Taoist monasteries of Wudangshan in central China.
Religious classifications.
Chinese martial arts being an important component of Chinese culture are also influence by the various religions in China. Many styles were founded by groups that were influenced by one of the three great religions: Buddhism, Taoism and Islam.
Buddhist styles.
Buddhist (佛教, Fojiao) styles include Chinese martial arts that originated or practised within Buddhist temples and later spread to lay community. These styles often include Buddhist philosophy, imagery and principles. The most famous of these are the Shaolin (and related) styles, e.g. Shaolinquan, Choy Li Fut, Luohanquan, Hung Gar, Wing Chun, Dragon style and White Crane.
Shaolin Kung Fu.
The term "Shaolin" is used to refer to those styles that trace their origins to Shaolin, be it the Shaolin Monastery in Henan Province, another temple associated with Shaolin such as the Southern Shaolin Temple in Fujian Province, or even wandering Shaolin monks. More restrictive definitions include only those styles that were conceived on temple grounds or even just the original Henan temple proper. The broadest definition includes just about all external Chinese martial arts, though this has much to do with the attractiveness of the Shaolin "brand name". One common theme for this group is the association with the philosophy of Chán (Zen) Buddhism.
Taoist styles.
Taoist (道教; Dàojiào) styles are popularly associated with Taoism. They include Chinese martial arts that were created or trained mostly within Taoist Temples or by Taoist ascetics, which often later spread out to laymen. These styles include those trained in the Wudang temple, and often include Taoist principles, philosophy, and imagery. Some of these arts include Taijiquan, Wudangquan, Baguazhang and Liuhebafa.
Islamic styles.
Islamic (回教; Huíjiào) styles are those that were practiced traditionally solely or mainly by the Muslim Hui minority in China. These styles often include Islamic principles or imagery. Example of these styles include: Chāquán, Tan Tui, some branches of Xingyiquan, and Qishiquan ((七士拳)).
Other classifications.
Imitative-styles.
Imitative-styles are styles that were developed based on the characteristics of a particular creature such as a bird or an insect. An entire system of fighting were developed based on the observations of their movement, fighting abilities and spirit. Examples of the most well known styles are white crane, tiger, monkey (Houquan), dog and mantis. In some systems, a variety of animals are used to represent the style of the system. For example, the Five Animals of Shaolin Boxing includes the imagery of the Tiger, Crane, Leopard, Snake and Dragon. Similarly, there are twelve animals in most Xing yi practise. Another type of imitative styles concerns the state of the practitioner.
Legendary and historical styles.
Many Chinese martial arts styles are based or named after legends or historical figures. Examples of such styles based on legends and myths are the Eight Immortals and Dragon styles. Example of styles attributed to historical figures include Xing yi and its relationship to Yue Fei and T'ai chi which trace its origins to a Taoist Zhang Sanfeng.
Family styles.
Family affiliations are also an important means of identifying a Chinese martial arts system. Heavily influenced by the Confucian tradition, many styles are named in honor of the founder of the system. The five family (Choi, Hung, Lau, Lei, Mok) of Southern Chinese martial arts are representative of family styles. A style can also be named in reference to its composite roots. For example, Ng Ga Kuen incorporates the techniques of Five Family styles: Hung Gar, Fut Gar, Mok Gar, Li Gar and Choy Gar. Family styles can also denote branches of a system. For example, the families of Chen, Yang, Wu and Sun represents different training approaches to the art of Tai Chi Chuan.
Other styles.
The variety of classification schemes, like the subject of Chinese martial arts, are endless. Some styles are named after well known Chinese philosophies. For example, Baguazhang is based on the Taoist philosophy of the eight trigrams (Bagua). Some styles are named after the key insight suggested by the training. For example, Liuhebafa is a system based on the ideas of six combinations and eight methods.
Another popular method to describe a particular style of Chinese martial arts is to describe the style's emphasis in terms of the four major applications. The four major applications are: kicking (踢), hitting (打), wrestling (摔) and grabbing (拿). A complete system will necessary include all four types of applications but each style will differ in their training focus. For example, most Northern styles are said to emphasize kicking, Southern styles have a reputation for their intricate hand techniques, Shuai jiao practitioners train predominately in full-body close-range techniques, and Eagle claw fighters are noted for their Chin na expertise.

</doc>
<doc id="5981486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981486" title="Tau (water)">
Tau (water)

Tau is a British brand of still and sparkling bottled water.
Tau went on sale in 2003, and is available in 750ml (25 fl oz) or 330ml (11 fl oz) bottles. It is sold by the company which produces Tŷ Nant mineral water, who drilled a new borehole into their spring in Llanon, Wales, from which to draw water for their Tau range. Sales for the product were "excellent" in its first year, with main buyers being restaurants and hotels. The product is not available through retail outlets.
"Tau" is a Welsh word meaning "to be silent".

</doc>
<doc id="5981500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981500" title="Katson sineen taivaan">
Katson sineen taivaan

"Katson sineen taivaan" (English translation: "I'm Looking at the Blue Sky") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Finnish by Katri Helena. The song was composed by Matti Siitonen, better known under his stage name Fredi, who previously had taken part in the Contest in 1967 and 1976 as a singer, with the songs "Varjoon - suojaan" and "Pump-Pump" which finished 12th and 11th respectively.
The song was performed fifth on the night (following Ireland's Cathal Dunne with "Happy Man" and preceding Monaco's Laurent Vaguener with "Notre vie c'est la musique"). At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 14th in a field of 19. Despite its moderate success in the Contest, the song is well remembered in Finland and counts as one of Katri Helena's signature tunes. The song has also been covered in the 2000s by other popular Finnish artists like rock band Jean S. and trance/dance act Transamerica feat. Katasha. 
The song is an up-tempo track sung from the perspective of a woman singing to her lover, whom she describes as "the brightest star", and asking him to lead her; ""The child of the earth is looking for love - will she ever settle down?/Even a migrating bird finds a nesting tree instinctively./But the child of the earth keeps looking for love, sadness in her mind./I don't have any wings, but I must keep moving on./Will I ever find peace...?"" The English-language version of the song is entitled "I Will Follow Starlight".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1980 Contest by Vesa-Matti Loiri with "Huilumies". Katri Helena returned to the Contest in 1993 with "Tule luo".

</doc>
<doc id="5981501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981501" title="Voss (water)">
Voss (water)

Voss is a Norwegian brand of bottled water from the town Vatnestrøm in Birkeland. Contrary to popular belief, the water is not bottled in Voss, which is more than 400 km away from the actual bottling site. It is available in both still and sparkling forms. 
Voss is bottled by Voss of Norway ASA, a Norwegian Limited Company headquartered in Oslo and New York City. The water is marketed in over 50 countries, with a particular focus on the United States.
In 2007, "Women's Health" magazine rated Voss first among several bottled water. However, in tests sponsored by Finland's national broadcasting company, YLE, three blindfolded wine experts rated Voss water lowest of the six waters tested, which included Helsinki public tap water.
In October 2010, Norway's TV 2 reported that Voss has the same source as tap water from the municipal water supply in Iveland and, contrary to Voss marketing, that this is not artesian. TV 2 continued to maintain these claims despite Voss objections.
The company's cylindrical glass bottle was designed by Neil Kraft. Voss claims its manufacturing process is completely carbon neutral. In the US, VOSS still water is also packaged in plastic bottles that retain the cylindrical design.

</doc>
<doc id="5981503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981503" title="Nuctenea">
Nuctenea

The spider genus Nuctenea belongs to the Araneidae family. Its most familiar member is the Walnut Orb-Weaver Spider, "N. umbratica".

</doc>
<doc id="5981508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981508" title="German submarine U-964">
German submarine U-964

German submarine "U-964" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built for service during World War II. A short-lived boat, "U-964" is most noted for being one of three new boats ordered by the "Kriegsmarine" to attack Convoy ON 206 in the Western Approaches. To do this, the three boats had to travel a long distance on the surface during daylight hours in a region patrolled by Allied aircraft. This had fatal consequences for all U-boats involved.
"U-964" was built by the Blohm & Voss shipyards in Hamburg during 1942 as a Type VIIC boat designed to fight in the waters of the Northern Atlantic Ocean. Her construction was rapid and smooth, and following her completion in February 1943 she was taken for training and working-up patrols in the Baltic Sea and off the Norwegian coast. Her commander during this period was veteran submariner "Kapitänleutnant" Emmo Hummerjohann, who was experienced in combat operations and was still in charge when she departed Bergen, Norway in early October 1943 for her maiden combat patrol in the North Atlantic.
War patrol.
Following her departure from Norway, she passed into the Atlantic and headed southwards towards the Western Approaches. After eleven days sailing, she was still well within allied air cover when she received a radio message to link with and and attack an important convoy several hundred miles to the south. Realising that the only feasible method of reaching the area on time was to travel on the surface, the three boats proceeded south in full daylight.
Fate.
Luck ran out fast as a patrolling aircraft spotted the boats and called in Consolidated Liberator aircraft from several different squadrons. A fierce battle followed, in which two Royal Air Force Liberators were shot down before all three boats were sunk. "U-964" was seriously damaged by bombs from aircraft of 86 Squadron (particularly from the plane of Flying Officer George Gamble), and began to sink, her crew scrambling over the side into the sea as she settled. Of the approximately 35 men who escaped the submarine, only five survived to be collected by several days later. Only three of these men subsequently recovered from their ordeal.

</doc>
<doc id="5981510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981510" title="Timeline of the 2006 Lebanon War">
Timeline of the 2006 Lebanon War

This is a timeline of events related to the 2006 Lebanon War. This entry is divided into the following articles:

</doc>
<doc id="5981514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981514" title="Standing Buddha">
Standing Buddha

The Standing Buddha of the Tokyo National Museum is a remarkable example of Greco-Buddhist statuary. Comparable ones can be found in the Musee Guimet in France, and in the National Museum, New Delhi besides various other museums of South Asia. The statue is dated by the museum to the 1st or 2nd century CE.
Context.
Some of the standing Buddhas (as the one pictured) were sculpted using the specific Greek technique of making the hands and sometimes the feet in marble to increase the realistic effect, and the rest of the body in another material.
Foucher especially considered Hellenistic free-standing Buddhas as "the most beautiful, and probably the most ancient of the Buddhas", assigning them to the 1st century BCE, and making them the starting point of the anthropomorphic representations of the Buddha ("The Buddhist art of Gandhara", Marshall, p101).
Development.
From another direction, Chinese historical sources and mural paintings in the Tarim Basin city of Dunhuang accurately describe the travels of the explorer and ambassador Zhang Qian to Central Asia as far as Bactria around 130 BCE, and the same murals describe the Emperor Han Wudi (156-87 BCE) worshiping Buddhist statues, explaining them as ""golden men brought in 120 BCE by a great Han general in his campaigns against the nomads."" Although there is no other mention of Han Wudi worshiping the Buddha in Chinese historical literature, the murals would suggest that statues of the Buddha were already in existence during the 2nd century BCE, connecting them directly to the time of the Indo-Greeks.
Later, the Chinese historical chronicle Hou Hanshu describes the enquiry about Buddhism made around 67 CE by the emperor Emperor Ming (58-75 CE). He sent an envoy to the Yuezhi in northwestern India, who brought back paintings and statues of the Buddha, confirming their existence before that date:
An Indo-Chinese tradition also explains that Nagasena, also known as Menander's Buddhist teacher, created in 43 BCE in the city of Pataliputra a statue of the Buddha, the Emerald Buddha, which was later brought to Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="5981517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981517" title="Sina Najafi">
Sina Najafi

Sina Najafi is the co-founder and editor-in-chief of New York-based Cabinet magazine. Najafi has also curated a number of art-related exhibitions, including "Philosophical Toys," "Odd Lots: Revisiting Gordon Matta-Clark's Fake Estates," and "The Paper Sculpture Show."
Education.
Najafi obtained his degree in Comparative Literature from Princeton University, Columbia University, and New York University.
Career.
Najafi is the Editor-in-Chief at Cabinet Magazine and co-director of Immaterial Incorporated. He has taught courses at Cooper Union, Yale, and RISD. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981518" title="KQBN-LP (defunct)">
KQBN-LP (defunct)

KQBN-LP was a low-power television station licensed to Prescott, Arizona. The station was licensed to operate in analog on UHF channel 28 from a transmitter in the Bradshaw Mountains. KQBN-LP was owned by Una Vez Más Holdings, LLC of Dallas, Texas and was an affiliate of Azteca America.
History.
An original construction permit for a low-power television station was granted on June 14, 1995 to Bruce Merrill, a pioneer in cable television service and cable television equipment manufacturing.[http://wpcarey.asu.edu/top/pressrelease_display.cfm?num=409] The station was originally to broadcast as K69HL on UHF channel 69 from Mingus Mountain between Prescott Valley and Jerome, Arizona, but shortly afterward, the FCC granted the station authorization to move to UHF channel 28 with callsign K28FF, and to move the transmitter to Tower Mountain in the Bradshaw Mountains southeast of Prescott. The station licensed its modifications on December 23, 1997. In February 2000, Merrill sold the station to Tiger Eye Broadcasting Corp. of Miramar, Florida. At some point, the station went silent.
In February 2005, Tiger Eye agreed to sell K28FF to Una Vez Mas. The FCC approved the transaction in May 2005, and the sale was consummated in April 2006. The FCC granted Tiger Eye a construction permit in June 2005 to move the station's transmitter location to the White Tank Mountains to the northwest of Phoenix to serve the rapidly growing Northwest Valley cities, but the facilities were never built. Una Vez Mas changed the stations call letters to KQBN-LP in November 2005, and in October 2006, KQBN-LP moved to a new transmitter site in the Bradshaw Mountains not far from the original licensed site and returned to air, rebroadcasting KNAZ-TV from Flagstaff. The station began airing Azteca América programming in early December 2006.
KQBN-LP's license was cancelled by the FCC on March 28, 2011, due to the station being silent since August 1, 2008.
KQBN call letters.
The call letters "KQBN-LP" had previously been on low-power stations owned by Una Vez Mas in Phoenix (UHF channel 43 - now KEJR-LD) and in Tucson (UHF channel 14 - now KUDF-LP).

</doc>
<doc id="5981520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981520" title="Knut Stenborg">
Knut Stenborg

Knut Stenborg (March 25, 1890 in Hjo – October 10, 1946 in Vänersbrog) was a Swedish athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London and at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm.
In the 100 metres, Stenborg placed second in his first round heat with a time of 11.5 seconds. His loss to Robert Duncan eliminated Stenborg from competition.
Stenborg placed fourth and last in his preliminary heat of the 200 metres, not advancing to the semifinals in that event either. 
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the 200 metres competition. In the 400 metres event he was eliminated in the semi-finals. He was also a member of the Swedish relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the 4x400 metre relay contest.

</doc>
<doc id="5981522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981522" title="Native Women's Association of Canada">
Native Women's Association of Canada

The Native Women's Association of Canada, or NWAC, is one of Canada's National Aboriginal Organizations, and represents Aboriginal women, particularly First Nations and Métis women. Inuit women are represented by the separate organization, Pauktuutit. Despite the existence of Pauktuutit and Women of the Métis Nation, NWAC has enjoyed more representation in meetings of Canadian leaders as they are generally viewed as the national voice representing Aboriginal women in Canada.
__TOC__
History.
NWAC was founded in 1973 as an aggregate of 13 Aboriginal women's groups from coast to coast to coast, with the goals of preserving Aboriginal culture, achieving equal opportunity for Aboriginal women, and having a role in shaping legislation relevant to Aboriginal women. NWAC is led by a president and board of directors, who cooperate and exchange information with local organizations. In September 2009 Jeannette Corbiere Lavell was elected as the organization's new president. Meanwhile, the Board studies the actions of the President and its provincial/territorial member associations and makes recommendations.
In 1992, when the Charlottetown Accord was being negotiated, the federal government included four Aboriginal groups in negotiations and gave them money. NWAC, which was not included, alleged the four groups primarily represented Aboriginal men and launched a court challenge for representation, claiming to have been denied rights to freedom of expression under section 2 and sexual equality under section 28 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. In the case of "Native Women's Association of Canada v. Canada" (1994), the Supreme Court of Canada found against NWAC.

</doc>
<doc id="5981541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981541" title="List of lighthouses on the Oregon Coast">
List of lighthouses on the Oregon Coast

__NOTOC__
This is a complete list of existing public and private lighthouses on the Oregon Coast, in order from north to south. Not all of them are currently used for navigation.

</doc>
<doc id="5981548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981548" title="Panna (water)">
Panna (water)

Acqua Panna is an Italian brand of bottled water. Acqua Panna takes its name from the Villa Panna in the hills of Tuscany, where the natural spring was first discovered.
Origin.
The Acqua Panna source is located 3,700 feet high in the Apennine Mountains of Tuscany, to the north of Florence.
History.
In the 16th century the powerful ruling family of the Medici's in Florence, owned the spring and it was fenced off as private property. The family had fresh drinking water from this preserved natural spring, as for many other unclaimed springs were contaminated with animal waste.
This brand now belongs to San Pellegrino, which is owned by Nestlé.
Nestlé distributes the natural water into Europe & North America. Acqua Panna has become the exclusive bottled beverage at many luxury establishments.
In May 2010, large luxury hotel chains such as Hilton, OMNI, and Fairmont agreed to undisclosed terms with Nestlé to carry the brand in their hotel chains.

</doc>
<doc id="5981555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981555" title="Otohiko Kaga">
Otohiko Kaga

Biography.
Kaga was born in Tokyo, and studied psychiatry and criminology at the University of Tokyo Medical School. He worked in a hospital and then prison before going to France in 1957 for further studies. After returning to Japan in 1960, Kaga took up university teaching, and was a psychology professor at the Tokyo Medical and Dental University (1965-1969) and Sophia University (1969 - 1979).
Kaga wrote several novels based on his time in France, including "Arechi o tabi suru monotachi" (Travelers through the Wasteland) and "Furandoru no fuyu" (Winter in Flanders) which won the Minister of Education Award for New Artists in 1968. His 1973 novel "Kaerazaru natsu" (帰らざる夏, A Summer Long Gone), on the tragic consequences of a young man's military indoctrination during World War II received the Tanizaki Prize. His 1982 historical fiction about World War II, "Ikari no nai fune" (Riding the East Wind), has been translated to English to good reviews.
He has been a full-time writer since 1979. In 1987 he was converted to Catholicism at the age of 58 through the influence of Shusaku Endo.

</doc>
<doc id="5981556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981556" title="Robert D. Lamberton">
Robert D. Lamberton

Robert Drummond Lamberton is a classics scholar, poet, and translator of ancient and contemporary literature, most notably Maurice Blanchot's "Thomas the Obscure". He is currently a professor in the Classics Department at Washington University in St. Louis. Professor Lamberton was born in Providence, Rhode Island and graduated in 1964 from Harvard College "magna cum laude" with a degree in Romance languages and literatures. He has a master's (1970) and a doctoral degree in comparative literature from Yale University (1979), and has taught at Columbia, Princeton, and Cornell universities. He has written eight books.

</doc>
<doc id="5981564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981564" title="Oyster Bay Branch">
Oyster Bay Branch

The Oyster Bay Branch is a rail line and service owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York. The branch splits from the Main Line just east of Mineola station, and runs north and east to Oyster Bay.
History.
The first phase of what is now known as the Oyster Bay Branch opened in 23 January 1865 as a branch of the Long Island Rail Road to Glen Head known as the Glen Cove Branch Rail Road. Two years later the railway was extended to Glen Cove and on 19 April 1869 the line was extended further to Locust Valley. The line ended at Locust Valley for two decades until a final extension added four miles to Oyster Bay. One of the reasons for building to Oyster Bay was to create a connection to New England. A large pier, now owned by the Flowers Oyster Company, was built to facilitate the loading of passenger cars onto a ferry, specifically to the Danbury and Norwalk Railroad station and ferry pier in Wilson's Point section of Norwalk, Connecticut. Service lasted only a few years as overland service from New York to Boston, once thought impossible, commenced.
Until 1928, a direct connection to the West Hempstead Branch existed just east of Mineola station. This spur crossed the Main Line, then terminated at the end of a wye at what was often called the Garden City Branch. Until passenger service was abandoned along this branch passengers would transfer between the two lines at Mineola Station itself.
In 2009, the LIRR replaced the bridge over West Shore Road between Locust Valley and Oyster Bay Stations.

</doc>
<doc id="5981575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981575" title="Firefight at Yechon">
Firefight at Yechon

Firefight at Yechon: Courage and Racism in the Korean War, is an autobiography by Charles M. Bussey.
Bussey joined the Tuskegee Airmen, an all-black air unit, which protected Allied bombers on missions over Europe during World War II in over North Africa, Italy and finally Germany.
Bussey later served as an Army officer in the Korean war.
On July 20, 1950, Bussey was returning to his 77th Engineer Combat Company with mail from the states for one of his platoons, when he came across a dozen "lollygagagging" (resting) army truck drivers. Bussey heard fighting in the town ahead, in which Bassey states his company was supposed to provide back up support. He climbed a nearby hill. A kilometer to the rear of the vehicle column he spotted a large body of white-clad Koreans coming toward them.
Bussey ordered the drivers to unload the two machine guns and ammunition in their trucks and drag them to the top of the hill.
The enemy unit was destroyed. Bassey's group was given credit for killing 258 enemy soldiers in the battle. A day after United States forces occupied Yechon, an Associated Press reporter filed a story about the entire battle and said it was "the first sizable ground victory in the Korean war".
Bussey stated that he was denied the Medal of Honor in the battle because a racist white officer, Lt. Col. John T. Corley, felt the nation's highest medal for valor should only be awarded to a black man posthumously.
Thirty nine years after the conflict, Bussey could not pinpoint the mass grave site of the dead North Korean soldiers and local civilians could not recall anything about the incident.
The Washington Post states that "prejudiced Army historians later insisted, against the evidence...Battle of Yechon...never really happened".

</doc>
<doc id="5981601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981601" title="Huilumies">
Huilumies

"Huilumies" (English translation: "A Flute Man") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Finnish by Vesa-Matti Loiri. The song was composed by Aarno Raninen, who also had composed 1977 entry "Lapponia". In turn, lyricist Veikko 'Vexi' Salmi had also written the lyrics to 1979 entry "Katson sineen taivaan".
The song was performed tenth on the night (following Switzerland's Paola with "Cinéma" and preceding Norway's Sverre Kjelsberg & Mattis Hætta with "Sámiid Ædnan"). At the close of voting, it had received 6 points, placing 19th (last) in a field of 19.
The song is sung from the perspective of the tititular "flute man", who sings that while he may not be able to express his feelings in words, he is able to do so with his flute.
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1981 Contest by Riki Sorsa with "Reggae OK".

</doc>
<doc id="5981604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981604" title="Rainbow Play Systems">
Rainbow Play Systems

Rainbow Play Systems is a manufacturer of children's play equipment which are available through a network of retail outlets throughout the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Mexico, Spain, Panama and Italy.
Starting out in 1985 in a small custom job shop in Minnesota, the company has expanded to become recognized worldwide as a market-leader. Due to its network of independent distributors, the company expanded across the United States throughout the 1990s. It currently operates out of a manufacturing facility on in Brookings, South Dakota. It employs over 500 people at its plant and is thought to support four times that number in its network of sales outlets and installation teams.
One prominent customer of Rainbow Play Systems is the Obama family. On March 4, 2009, a swing set manufactured by the company was placed on the south lawn just outside the Oval Office of the White House. This was the first playset on the White House lawn since the 1960s, during John F. Kennedy's presidency. 
Rainbow Play Systems in the United Kingdom operates from the main headquarters in Windlesham, Surrey and from 3 other Sales Offices in, Horsham, St Albans and Wilmslow.

</doc>
<doc id="5981609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981609" title="Woundfin">
Woundfin

The woundfin (Plagopterus argentissimus) is a species of minnow endemic to the Virgin River of the southwestern United States. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Plagopterus.
Description.
Woundfin is a small slender, silvery minnow, with a flattened head and belly, long snout, leathery skin, and no scales. There are barbels on the corners of its lips, and its common name likely comes from the first spinous ray of its dorsal fin, which is sharp-pointed. Its maximum length is rarely more than 7.5 cm (3 in). It can be distinguished from spikedace and spinedace by presence of barbels.
Distribution.
Historically, the woundfin occupied much of the lower Colorado River basin, including two tributaries, the Virgin River and part of the Gila River; however, habitat destruction through dams and water development has led to its extirpation from these regions. In addition, several introduced species, most notably the red shiner ("Cyprinella lutrensis") have contributed to a decrease in the woundfin's Virgin River population. The woundfin is currently federally listed as an endangered species, while the United States Fish and Wildlife Service lists the population status as "declining."
Habitat.
The woundfin tolerates highly mineralized, turbid waters. It is typically found in warm, swift streams of high turbidity, preferring a stream speed of one to two feet per second and a depth of eight to eighteen inches. Woundfin lives in part of salty streams, avoiding clear waters and rarely can be found in quieter pools.
Food.
The woundfin is omnivorous, and depending on availability will feed on detritus, algae, seeds, and aquatic insects and their larvae.
Conservation status.
Historically, the woundfin also occupied the lower Colorado River from the Virgin to Yuma, Arizona, and the Gila River from Yuma to its confluence with the Salt River, but habitat destruction through water development (including eight major dams which alter flow) and the introduction of several species (particularly the red shiner ("Cyprinella lutrensis"), which competes for food and is known to prey upon the woundfin's eggs and young) have led to its extirpation in these regions as well as a decline in population in the Virgin River. Since 1970, the woundfin has been listed as an endangered species. Other listings include "Vulnerable" on the IUCN Red List and "Critically Imperiled" (the most critical classification) by NatureServe. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service lists the population status as "declining."
The Dexter National Fish Hatchery in Dexter, New Mexico studies the woundfin in an effort to help conserve the species, and has successfully spawned the fish in captivity. However, efforts to transplant the species into other rivers and creeks have failed due to reproduction not taking place.
On July 11, 2007, approximately 50 woundfin were released into the Hassayampa River near Wickenburg, Arizona. The hatchery-raised fish were from wild Virgin River stock. The only wild population of the species is in the Virgin River.
An aggressive program to eradicate red shiner from the Virgin River in Utah has all but removed red shiner from reaches previously dominated by red shiner. Fish barriers have been erected to prevent re-colonization by red shiner, and has allowed the reintroduction of hatchery raised woundfin. Several thousand of hatchery-raised woundfin were released in the fall of 2007 and 2008. With red shiner no longer a threat, low flows and high temperatures are the biggest threats still facing wounfin.
Another minnow, the Virgin River chub ("Gila seminuda"), has much of the same range as the woundfin and thus faces the same threats of extinction, particularly competition from the red shiner and a decrease in water quality as the result of agricultural runoff.

</doc>
<doc id="5981613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981613" title="Aculepeira ceropegia">
Aculepeira ceropegia

Aculepeira ceropegia, the oak spider, is an orb-weaving spider species with Palearctic distribution.
This spider is easy to identify due to its unique marking in the form of an oak leaf.
Female spiders grow up to 14 mm, males only up to 8 mm.
Name.
"Ceropegia" is a genus of succulent plants with about 200 species.

</doc>
<doc id="5981621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981621" title="Luce (Tramonti a nord est)">
Luce (Tramonti a nord est)

"Luce (Tramonti a nord est)"("Light (North-East Sunsets)") is Italian singer-songwriter Elisa's most famous song, both in her home Italy and internationally, in its English version "Come Speak to Me". It also has a Spanish version called "Hablame", which has a slightly different arrangement. It was Elisa's first song in Italian, even though she had already released two albums in English.
It was heard for the first time in the 2001 edition of the Sanremo Festival, winning first place, defeating the entry by the favorite Giorgia, as well as the critics' award and the radio and TV award; Elisa won the best singer award in that same event. The music was written by Elisa, as well as the English lyrics, which are actually the original lyrics. But in order to take part in Sanremo Festival, the lyrics had to be presented in Italian, so she asked for the help of rocker Zucchero. It is heavily influenced by Björk, with references to Peter Gabriel during the chorus bassline. The arrangement is one of the most complex and dazzling in all of Italian music. There is a vocal mantra which runs throughout the entire song.
"Luce (tramonti a nord est)" is available as a single, as well as in the repacking of Elisa's second album "Asile's world" in both Italian and English versions. The latter was also available in Elisa's international compilation of her first three albums, which in some countries contains the Spanish version. It was later featured in Elisa's acoustic album "Lotus", with a remarkably different arrangement. The song is included in Elisa's greatest hits album "Soundtrack" in its Italian version.
The single was certified gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5981630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981630" title="Vittel (water)">
Vittel (water)

Vittel is a French brand of bottled water sold in many countries. Since 1992 it has been owned by Nestlé.
Mineral water from the source at Vittel has been bottled and made available for curative and, increasingly, for commercial purposes since 1854.
Vittel was the water provider for the London Marathon for the tenth consecutive year in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5981633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981633" title="Eduardo Macía">
Eduardo Macía

Eduardo Macía (born 7 May 1974) is a Spanish football Technical Director. A retired player, as a scout he has previously worked for Valencia CF and Liverpool F.C., in liaison with manager Rafael Benítez. On 28 April 2011 Olympiacos F.C. announced that Eduardo Macia has been appointed as their new Technical Director. On 17 November 2011 become a talent scout of ACF Fiorentina.
Valencia CF.
Macía spent two decades at Valencia CF as player, technical advisor, and as the personal assistant to the club's current president, Juan Soler. He had previously worked with Rafael Benítez at Valencia CF, working with the younger players. When he was Sporting Director at Valencia CF, Macía had a big part in bringing Brazilian midfielder Edu on a Bosman ruling transfer.
After losing his role as sporting director to Amedeo Carboni, Macía was offered another role on the club's board but he opted to seek a new challenge. "It's a professional decision," he said. "I think my job here has come to an end and I cannot give more than I have given." Benitez considered making a move for Macía when the latter rejected a new contract offer from Valencia. Former Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri was also interested in tempting Macía to join him, but Liverpool seem a more interesting option for Macía.
Liverpool F.C..
Macia's appointment as Chief Scout was announced on 15 June 2006.
One of Macio's earliest contribution was the discovery of Lazaros Christodoulopoulos, who was offered a trial by Liverpool. Lazaros was discovered while playing for PAOK. Lazaros did not travel with the Salonika squad pre-season tour of France, but instead went to Melwood to attend the Liverpool trial.
Macia then worked in partnership with academy manager Frank McParland, who became joint-scout. In 2010, after Roy Hodgson's appointment as manager, rumours stated that Macia had significant control over Liverpool's transfers, which he denied. Macia left his role at Liverpool on 30 December 2010 by mutual agreement.
Olympiacos F.C..
Olympiacos F.C. board and Macia first met on August 2010, through transfer negotiations between Olympiacos F.C. and former Macia's club Liverpool F.C.. After his spell at Liverpool ended by mutual agreement on December 2010, Olympiacos F.C. approached Macia and after a long 4 months negotiations about his role in the club, they finally came to an agreement. From 28 April 2011 Macia is the new Technical Director of Olympiacos F.C.
ACF Fiorentina.
On November 17, 2011 become a talent scout of Fiorentina, adding Pantaleo Corvino. 
On May 26, 2012 Macia was promoted to Technical Director of Fiorentina, alongside new Sporting Director Daniele Prade.

</doc>
<doc id="5981640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981640" title="Dodecahedral prism">
Dodecahedral prism

In geometry, a dodecahedral prism is a convex uniform polychoron (four-dimensional polytope). This polychoron has 14 polyhedral cells: 2 dodecahedra connected by 12 pentagonal prisms. It has 54 faces: 30 squares and 24 pentagons. It has 80 edges and 40 vertices.
It can be constructed by creating two coinciding dodecahedra in 3-space, and translating each copy in opposite perpendicular directions in 4-space until their separation equals their edge length.
It is one of 18 convex uniform polyhedral prisms created by using uniform prisms to connect pairs of parallel Platonic solids or Archimedean solids.
Structure.
The dodecahedral prism consists of two dodecahedra connected to each other via 12 pentagonal prisms. The pentagonal prisms are joined to each other via their square faces.
Projections.
The pentagonal-prism-first orthographic projection of the dodecahedral prism into 3D space has a decagonal envelope (see diagram). Two of the pentagonal prisms project to the center of this volume, each surrounded by 5 other pentagonal prisms. They form two sets (each consisting of a central pentagonal prism surrounded by 5 other non-uniform pentagonal prisms) that cover the volume of the decagonal prism twice. The two dodecahedra project onto the decagonal faces of the envelope.
The dodecahedron-first orthographic projection of the dodecahedral prism into 3D space has a dodecahedral envelope. The two dodecahedral cells project onto the entire volume of this envelope, while the 12 decagonal prismic cells project onto its 12 pentagonal faces.

</doc>
<doc id="5981643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981643" title="Ragnar Stenberg">
Ragnar Stenberg

Ragnar Olaf Jakob Stenberg (June 14, 1887, Helsinki – December 6, 1954) was a Finnish athlete. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.
In the 100 metres, Stenberg placed fifth in his first round heat to be eliminated from competition. His preliminary heat of the 200 metres only had three runners in it, so Stenberg's second last-place finish put him third in the heat.

</doc>
<doc id="5981649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981649" title="Soft photon">
Soft photon

In particle physics, soft photons are photons with energies much smaller than the energies of the particles participating in a particular scattering process, and they are not energetic enough to be detected. Such photons can be emitted from (or absorbed by) the external (incoming and outgoing) lines of charged particles of the Feynman diagram for the process. Even though soft photons are not detected, the possibility of their emission must be taken into account in the calculation of the scattering amplitude.
Taking the soft photons into account multiplies the rate of a given process by a factor which approaches zero. However, there exists also an infrared-divergent contribution to the scattering rate related to virtual soft photons that are emitted from one of the external lines and absorbed in another (or in the same line). The two factors cancel each other, leaving a finite correction which depends on the sensitivity with which photons can be detected in the experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="5981655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981655" title="Châtelaine de Vergy">
Châtelaine de Vergy

The Châtelaine de Vergi or Chastelaine de Vergi is an anonymously-written short 13th century romance of courtly love in old French.
Overview.
The romance consists of 968 lines of verse in 8 syllable rhymed couplets (the work is in the same poetic form as the majority of medieval French "romans", although significantly shorter than the romances of Chrétien de Troyes). The work has come down to us in 10 manuscripts. The oldest extant version was written in 1288, and the presumed date for the composition of the work is 1271-1288. Some critics believe that the romance (other than the ending) is a "roman à clé" and that elements are based on true events.
The depiction of love in the work is exemplary of the courtly love tradition, with its emphasis on a relationship between a brave and handsome knight and a married woman, and on secrecy and utter commitment to a mistress' rules.
The "Châtelaine de Vergy" was apparently very popular in courtly circles. There exists, as well, a 15th-century prose version of the tale, and the plot was reused by Marguerite de Navarre in one of her "Heptameron" short stories (tale LXX).
Plot.
The "Châtelaine de Vergy" tells the story of an unnamed knight in the service of the Duke of Burgundy who is the lover of the Châtelaine of Vergy (the wife of a châtelain and niece to the Duke). The Châtelaine has accepted this knight's love on one condition: that he must keep their relationship secret from everyone, and that when he comes to visit her, he must wait for her little dog to come out to him in the garden. This signals that the knight may come see her. 
When the Duchess of Burgundy falls in love with the knight, he is forced to spurn her advances. In her anger, the duchess then tells her husband that the knight is unfaithful and has tried to seduce her, and the Duke accuses the knight of treachery. To save his honor, and to avoid being exiled (and thus forced to distance himself from his mistress), the knight (once the lord has promised to keep his secret) reveals to his lord where his heart truly lies, thus violating his promise to his mistress.
The Duke reveals the truth of the knight's love to his wife, and, at the feast of Pentecoste, the Duchess makes a cruel inside joke to the Châtelaine about her lover and her "well-trained dog". The Châtelaine realizes her lover has not kept his promise and she dies in despair. The knight discovers her body and kills himself. The Duke finds both bodies, and exacts vengeance on his wife by killing her with the knight's sword, and then becomes a knight Templar.

</doc>
<doc id="5981656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981656" title="Huli language">
Huli language

Huli is a Trans–New Guinea language spoken by the Huli people of the Southern Highlands province of Papua New Guinea. It features a quindecimal (base-15) numeral system.

</doc>
<doc id="5981664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981664" title="Reggae OK">
Reggae OK

"Reggae OK" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, performed in Finnish by Riki Sorsa.
The song was performed eighth on the night (following Yugoslavia's Seid-Memić Vajta with "Lejla" and preceding France's Jean Gabilou with "Humanahum"). At the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing 16th in a field of 20.
The song is in praise of reggae music, with Sorsa singing that his listeners will "enjoy it until you die" and that "its sound is like a bomb". He even criticises those who say he listens to too much of it, calling them "jerks". Sorsa also recorded the song in English under the same title; "Reggae OK".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1982 Contest by Kojo with "Nuku pommiin".

</doc>
<doc id="5981665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981665" title="Anti-ballistic missile defense countermeasures">
Anti-ballistic missile defense countermeasures

Anti-ballistic missile defense countermeasures are tactical or strategic actions taken by an attacker to overwhelm, destroy, or evade anti-ballistic missile defenses.
Anti-ballistic missile (ABM) defense countermeasures can be categorized in a variety of ways, such as whether something is attacked or just confounded (i.e., whether the defender is attacked, whether the defender's ABM defense is attacked, or whether the defenders ABM system is confounded). They can be categorized by the type of ABM system they are to operate against. Finally, they can be categorized by which part of a ballistic missile's flight they are active (boost, bus, midcourse, or terminal phases).
Attacking Countermeasures.
Countermeasures Attacking the Defender.
The simplest countermeasure to an ABM defense is to simply increase the size of the attack. This can be done by adding more ICBMs, by increasing the number of warheads delivered by each ICBM using MIRVs, by using SLBMs (which have a much shorter flight time and are thus difficult to destroy before the terminal phase), or by a heavier reliance on bombers and cruise missiles.
Countermeasures Attacking the Defense.
These countermeasures include anti-satellite weapons, space mines, and the launching of debris in identical but counter-rotating orbits to a space-based defense.
Confounding Countermeasures.
Countermeasures Confounding the Defense.
These countermeasures include using fast-burn boosters (which limit the time allowed for boost-phase intercept), light-weight ICBM skirts which limit the infra-red signature of the booster, use of decoys (e.g., lightweight mylar balloons which, until re-entry, will travel on an identical trajectory with the heavier warheads), use of ablative materials or reflective coatings which limit the damage of directed energy weapons, launches of numerous harmless missiles early in an attack which might cause the defender reveal his defenses and expend valuable resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5981671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981671" title="John S. MacDonald">
John S. MacDonald

John Spencer MacDonald, OC is a Canada engineer, businessman, and academic. He is co-founder of MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates (MDA), an aerospace, information systems, and technology company. MacDonald is currently chancellor at the University of Northern British Columbia.
Early life and education.
He was awarded a Bachelor's degree with honours in Electrical Engineering from University of British Columbia and a Master's Degree and PhD in Electrical Engineering from MIT.
Career.
MacDonald co-founded MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates with partner, Vern Dettwiler, in 1969. He served as President and CEO until 1982, and as Chairman of the Board from 1982 to 1998. In addition to professorships in electrical engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and University of British Columbia (UBC), Dr. MacDonald has served in an advisory capacity to the government and on the board of directors of numerous companies. 
In 2001 Dr. MacDonald co-founded Day4 Energy, a company that designs, manufactures and sells high performance solar electric modules. Day4 Energy went on to have one of the largest IPOs in Canada in 2007, at over $100 million and has since grown to almost 300 employees.
Honours.
Dr. MacDonald was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in November 1988 and invested in April of 1989.
In 2008 Dr. MacDonald was awarded the British Columbia Technology Industry Association (BCTIA) Impact Award for Person of the Year in recognition of his contributions to science and the BC High Technology Industry. Day4 Energy also won the Impact Award for Emerging Company of the Year.
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), founding Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering, and Fellow of the Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute

</doc>
<doc id="5981684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981684" title="Aculepeira">
Aculepeira

"Aculepeira" is a spider genus in the Araneidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="5981691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981691" title="Galvanina">
Galvanina

Galvanina is an Italian brand of bottled water and fruit-juice-flavored sodas. The water's source is a spring that is located 1,000 feet above sea level on the hill of Rimini, at the foot of the Apennine Mountains in northeastern Italy.
Galvanina bottled waters and sodas are imported to the United States by R & V Imports, LLC in Lake Forest, Illinois. As of late 2010, FreshDirect offered this water via private label. It also is the product sold under the house label of Whole Foods. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981692" title="Roger Singleton-Turner">
Roger Singleton-Turner

Roger Singleton-Turner is a British television director, known for a number of series including "The Demon Headmaster" for the BBC.
Directing.
Singleton-Turner began his directing career in 1974 on the long-running story-telling programme, "Jackanory". He continued to direct for the series until its end in 1996, as well as adapting many books, including "Winnie the Pooh", "Treasure Island" and "The Hobbit".
He was the second director ever to work on the long-running iconic children's drama "Grange Hill". He directed around 25 episodes in all, for which he won a BAFTA for Best Children's Programme in 1980, along with executive producer Anna Home.
Singleton-Turner also directed 1991's "Watt on Earth". In 1996, he directed "The Demon Headmaster", arguably his best-known work, short-listed for BAFTA, the RTS and the Prix Jeunesse in 1997.
His other works include "Gruey" & and "Gruey Twoey" by Martin Riley, "Happy Families", "Mortimer and Arabel", "The Wild House" and CITV's "Welcome to orty-Fou" for Carlton Television. He produced and co-directed, with Steve Wright, series 3 and 4 of "The Ark" commissioned by ITV Factual from Granada Kids, transmitted in 2004.
Singleton-Turner has trained other directors at the BBC and has taught on various courses at different Universities in the UK and Thailand. He has recently spent a lot of his time at the University of Sunderland, where he teaches TV Studio modules.
Books.
Singleton-Turner wrote: "Cue & Cut" (2011), "Television and Children" (1994), "Continuity Notes" (1988) and "Children Acting on Television" (1999). He was also a contributor to "Dad's Army - Walmington goes to War" (2001, edited by Richard Webber).

</doc>
<doc id="5981693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981693" title="History of Lebanon under Arab rule">
History of Lebanon under Arab rule

The history of Lebanon under Arab rule refers to the history of the region in West Asia that became Lebanon during the periods it was under Arab rule.
The Arabs considered the country an undifferentiated part of Bilad ash-Sham which eventually translated into Greater Syria. Before the Arab conquest, the area had been under successive rule of the Persians, Ancient Romans and Byzantines. A weakened Byzantine Empire allowed the expansion of the Arab Empire into Lebanon. The Arabs controlled the area through several dynasties. Europeans, Mamluks, and other groups fought over the territory, but the Ottoman Empire finally gained control of Lebanon.
Arab conquest, 634–36.
The followers of the Isamic prophet Muhammad, embarked on a movement to establish their religious and civil control throughout the eastern Mediterranean from their base in the Arabian Peninsula. Their determination to conquer other lands resulted both from economic necessity and from religious beliefs.
Calling for a jihad (struggle) against non-Muslims, Muhammad's successor, Caliph Abu Bakr (632-34), brought Islam to the area surrounding Lebanon. Dividing his forces into three groups, he ordered one to move in the direction of Palestine, one toward Damascus, and one toward the Jordan River. The army under General Khalid ibn al-Walid defeated the Byzantine forces under Emperor Heraclius in 636 at the Battle of Yarmuk in northwestern Jordan.
Umayyads, 660–750.
After the Battle of Yarmuk, Caliph Umar appointed an Arab Muawiyah, future founder of the Umayyad dynasty, as governor of Syria, an area that included present-day Lebanon. Muawiyah garrisoned troops on the Lebanese coast and had the Lebanese shipbuilders help him construct a navy to resist any potential Byzantine attack. He also stopped raids by the Marada, a powerful people who had settled in the Lebanese mountains and were used by the Byzantine rulers to prevent an Arab invasion that would threaten the Byzantine Empire. Concerned with consolidating his authority in Arabia and Iraq, Muawiyah negotiated an agreement in 667 with Constantine IV, the Byzantine emperor, whereby he agreed to pay Constantine an annual tribute in return for the cessation of Marada incursions. During this period some of the Arab tribes settled in the Lebanese and Syrian coastal areas.
Abbasids, 750–1258.
The Abbasids replaced the Umayyads in early 750. They treated Lebanon and Syria as conquered countries, and their harshness led to several revolts, including an abortive rebellion of Lebanese mountaineers in 759. After demise of Abbasids, Lebanon was ruled firstly by Tulunids between 878 and 904 and Ikhshidids between 945 and 969, whose were Turkic dynasties. By the end of the tenth century, the amir of Tyre proclaimed his independence from the Abbasids and coined money in his own name. However, his rule was terminated by the Fatimids of Egypt, an independent Arab Muslim dynasty. After demise of Fatimids, present Lebanon was conquered by Seljuks in 1071. But, Fatimids recaptured it in 1089 and took control of it until Crusader occupation.
Mamluks, 1282–1516.
The Mamluks were Turkoman slaves from the area east of the Caspian Sea and Circassian slaves from the Caucasus Mountains between the Black Sea and Caspian Sea. They were brought in by the Muslim Ayyubid sultans of Egypt to serve as their bodyguards. One of these slaves, Muez-Aibak, assassinated the Ayyubid sultan, Al Ashraf Musa, in 1252 and founded the Mamluk sultanate, which ruled Egypt and Syria for more than two centuries.
From the eleventh to the thirteenth century, the Shia Muslims migrated from Syria, Iraq, and the Arabian Peninsula and to the northern part of the Biqa Valley and to the Kasrawan Region in the mountains northeast of Beirut. They and the Druzes rebelled in 1291 while the Mamluks were busy fighting European Crusaders and Mongols, but after repelling the invaders, the Mamluks crushed the rebellion in 1308. To escape from repression and massacres by the Mamluks, the Shias abandoned Kasrawan and moved to southern Lebanon.
The Mamluks indirectly fostered relations between Europe and the Middle East even after the fall of the Byzantine Empire. The Europeans, accustomed to luxury items from the Middle East, strongly desired both its raw materials and its manufactured products, and the people of the Middle East wished to exploit the lucrative European market. Beirut, favored by its geographical location, became the center of intense trading activity. Despite religious conflicts among the different communities in Lebanon, intellectual life flourished, and economic prosperity continued until Mamluk rule was ended by the Ottoman Turks.
Impact of Arab rule.
It was during this time that Arabic, the current dominant and state language of Lebanon, started to get hold in this territory. 
Arab rule under the Umayyads and Abbasids had a profound impact on the eastern Mediterranean area and, to a great degree, was responsible for the composition of modern Lebanese society. It was during this period that Lebanon became a refuge for various ethnic and religious groups. The presence of these diverse, cohesive groups led to the eventual emergence of the Lebanese confessional state, whereby different religious communities were represented in the government according to their numerical strength.
The ancestors of the present-day Maronites were among the Christian communities that settled in Lebanon during this period. To avoid feuds with other Christian sects in the area, these followers of Saint John Maron moved from the upper valley of the Orontes River and settled in the picturesque Qadisha Valley, located in the northern Lebanon Mountains, about twenty-five kilometers southeast of Tripoli.
Lebanon also became the refuge for a small Christian group called Melchites, living in northern and central Lebanon. Influenced by the Greek Christian theology of Constantinople, they accepted the controversial decrees of the Council of Chalcedon, the fourth ecumenical council of the church held in 451. As a result of missionary activity by the Roman Catholic Church, some were later drawn away from this creed and became known as Greek Catholics because Greek is the language of their liturgy. They lived mainly in the central part of the Biqa Valley.
During the Arab era, the Druze found sanctuary in Lebanon. Al-Hakim (996-1021), the Fatimid caliph of Egypt, formulated Druze beliefs and the Druze became a major communities in Lebanon. 
Under the Abbasids, philosophy, literature, and the sciences received great attention, especially during the caliphate of Harun al Rashid and that of his son, Al Mamun. Lebanon made a notable contribution to this intellectual renaissance. The physician Rashid ad Din, the jurist Al Awazi, and the philosopher Qusta ibn Luqa were leaders in their respective disciplines. The country also enjoyed an economic boom in which the Lebanese harbors of Tyre and Tripoli were busy with shipping as the textile, ceramic, and glass industries prospered. Lebanese products were sought after not only in Arab countries but also throughout the Mediterranean Basin.
Christians and Jews paid special taxes and were exempted from military service. Under Ottoman rule, non-Muslim groups were administered as separate communities called millets. In the late-1980s, this system continued; each religious community was organized under its own head and observed its own laws pertaining to matters such as divorce and inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="5981702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981702" title="List of settlements on the River Tees">
List of settlements on the River Tees

This is a list of settlements on the River Tees in County Durham and North Yorkshire, England.
"from source"

</doc>
<doc id="5981715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981715" title="Nuku pommiin">
Nuku pommiin

"Nuku pommiin" (English translation: "Oversleep", literally "Sleep to the bomb") was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed in Finnish by Kojo.
The song was performed sixth on the night (after Turkey's Neco with "Hani?" and before Switzerland's Arlette Zola with "Amour on t'aime"). At the close of voting, it had received the dreaded "nul points", placing 18th (last) in a field of 18.
The song suggests that sleeping through a nuclear crisis ("If someone soon throws a nuclear poo here on our Europe") is the best way of avoiding it. Oversleeping is said to "calm you down", among other benefits. Kojo also recorded the song in English, then under the title "Bomb Out".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1983 Contest by Ami Aspelund with "Fantasiaa". This was Finland's third "nul points" and fifth appearance in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="5981726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981726" title="Westminster St George's (UK Parliament constituency)">
Westminster St George's (UK Parliament constituency)

Westminster St George's, originally named St George's, Hanover Square, was a parliamentary constituency in Central London. It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post system of election.
History.
The constituency was created under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, and was then named "St George Hanover Square" after the parish of the same name.
It was renamed in 1918 as "Westminster St George's", and abolished in 1950.
Boundaries.
1885-1918.
From 1885 to 1918, when the constituency was known as St George Hanover Square, it was defined as being coterminus with the civil parish of the same name. In 1900 the parish was included for local government purposes in the area of the Metropolitan Borough of Westminster. This did not affect the name or boundaries of the constituency until 1918.
1918-1950.
The Boundary Commission report of 1918 (Cd. 8756), at Schedule-Part II no. 78, defined the constituency as the following wards of the Metropolitan Borough of Westminster:
The constituency also included "the part of the Charing Cross Ward which lies to the south and west of a line drawn from the ward boundary at the centre of Wellington Arch, along the middle of Constitution Hill, thence along the middle of the road to the north and east of the Queen Victoria Memorial, thence along the middle of Spur Road to boundary of St. Margaret Ward". This area included the remainder of the grounds of Buckingham Palace which were not in the Victoria Ward, but contained no electors. The boundary commissioners proposals were enacted by Schedule 9 of the Representation of the People Act 1918.
Elections.
Elections in the 1930s.
In the 1931 general election, Duff Cooper, Conservative was elected unopposed.
Elections in the 1920s.
In the 1924 general election, James Erskine, Conservative was elected unopposed.
In the 1923 general election, James Erskine, now an official Conservative, was elected unopposed.
Elections in the 1910s.
In the 1918 by-election, Sir Newton Moore, Conservative was elected unopposed.
In the 1916 by-election, Sir George Reid, Conservative was elected unopposed.
In the 1913 by-election, Sir Alexander Henderson, Conservative was elected unopposed.
Elections in the 1900s.
In the 1906 by-election, Alfred Lyttelton, Liberal Unionist was elected unopposed.
Elections in the 1890s.
In the 1895 general election, George Goschen, Conservative was elected unopposed.
In the 1895 by-election, George Goschen, Conservative was elected unopposed.
In the 1892 general election, George Goschen, Liberal Unionist was elected unopposed.
Elections in the 1880s.
In the 1886 general election, Lord Algernon Percy, Conservative was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="5981745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981745" title="Clifford Schoeffler">
Clifford Schoeffler

Brigadier General Clifford Schoeffler (March 8, 1924 – August 22, 2005) was director of operations and training in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations, Headquarters Strategic Air Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. He was a command pilot with more than 10,000 flying hours accumulated during his career.
Schoeffler was born in Lafayette, Louisiana, where he graduated from Lafayette High School in 1940 and attended the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, then named the Southwestern Louisiana Institute. In 1942 he enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps Reserve and began pilot training as an aviation cadet at Kelly Field, Texas. He received his pilot wings and commission as a second lieutenant in 1943.
Military career.
Early career.
After serving in 1944 as a B-24 pilot in which he completed 30 missions for the Eighth Air Force in England, he returned to the United States. He became an instructor pilot at Bryan Army Air Base, Texas, and later at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana.
Carswell Air Force Base.
From 1948 to 1960, Schoeffler was stationed at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas. During the return of the 7th Bomb Wing from an Arctic bombing exercise then-Lt Col Schoeffler was involved in a crash at Canadian Forces Base Goose Bay on 12 February 1953 that claimed two lives. Flying through adverse weather Schoeffler was receiving directions for an instrument landing by a ground control operator who was actually monitoring another nearby B-36. Colonel Chadwell, the Wing Commander, was on board at the time. When the plane hit the ground the aft section broke off and the open end acted like a giant scoop packing in the snow. This incident would provide the basis for the 1955 film Strategic Air Command starring James Stewart which Schoeffler served as a consultant. He graduated from the Air Tactical School at Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida. While at Carswell he also flew B-29 Superfortress and B-52 Stratofortress aircraft, and accumulated more than 5,000 hours flying the B-36. He served consecutively as a crewmember, flight standardization chief, squadron commander, and deputy commander for operations of the 7th Bombardment Wing.
1961-1975.
Schoeffler graduated from the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama, in 1961. He next was assigned to the 379th Bombardment Wing, equipped with B-52H aircraft, at Wurtsmith Air Force Base, Michigan, where he served as squadron commander, deputy commander for operations, and as a 40th Air Division operations staff officer. He returned to Barksdale Air Force Base in 1965, and was assigned as operations chief in the office of the inspector general, Second Air Force, and a year later became deputy commander for operations of the 2nd Bombardment Wing.
He traveled to the Republic of Vietnam in 1967 as deputy chief of the Strategic Air Command advanced echelon at Tan Son Nhut Air Base. He flew combat missions in B-52 Stratofortress, KC-135, and UH-1 Iroquois aircraft. In 1968 he was transferred to Strategic Air Command headquarters as chief of the Contingency Division in the office of the deputy chief of staff, operations. In 1972 he was assigned to the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Washington, D.C., as chief of the Strategic Operations Division within the Directorate of Operations. He was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on April 2, 1973. He returned to SAC headquarters in 1974 to assume duties as director of operations and training. He retired in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5981752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981752" title="V. K. Duggal">
V. K. Duggal

V K Duggal, formerly India's Water Resources Secretary, was Indian Union Home Secretary from March 2005 until April 1, 2007 when Madhukar Gupta took over the post. Duggal was born on 26 November 1944. He belongs to U.T. cadre as well as the former advisor of Chandigarh.
Duggal has held a variety of posts after a period as a short service commission officer in the Army.
He served in the Municipal Corporation of Delhi as commissioner between 1996-2000.
He served as the Sri Krishna Committee member to look into the demand of Telangana state. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981756" title="Fantasiaa">
Fantasiaa

"Fantasiaa" (Fantasy) was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Finnish by Ami Aspelund. In 1977, Aspelund's sister Monica had represented Finland in the Contest with the song "Lapponia".
The song was performed ninth on the night, following Switzerland's Mariella Farré with "Io così non ci sto" and preceding Greece's Christie Stassinopoulou with "Mou Les". At the close of voting, it had received 41 points, placing 11th in a field of 20.
The song is sung from the perspective of a young woman watching a man and his dog in a park. She asks a series of questions about him, and wonders if this might be "the beginning of a crush". Aspelund also recorded the song in English, then under the title "Fantasy Dream".
It was succeeded as Finnish representative at the 1984 Contest by Kirka with "Hengaillaan".

</doc>
<doc id="5981792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981792" title="Kevin Calabro">
Kevin Calabro

Kevin Calabro (born June 27, 1956) is an American sportscaster based in Seattle, Washington. The longtime voice of the former Seattle SuperSonics NBA franchise and Seattle Storm, Calabro's primary calls are of basketball games but he does work in other sports such as football and soccer.
Calabro currently calls NBA games for ESPN Radio and ESPN television and college basketball and football for the Pac-12 Network. Calabro also calls the NBA Playoffs for TNT and postseason college basketball for Dial Global Sports, including NCAA tournament action.
Calabro was the announcer for the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association until the team moved to Oklahoma City. Then he became the voice of Seattle Sounders FC, a Major League Soccer franchise during its expansion year. Calabro was replaced as play-by-play broadcaster for the Sounders by Arlo White before the start of the Sounders' second year in MLS. Calabro has been the play-by-play announcer for NBA games on ESPN as well as for college basketball on FSN Northwest since November 7, 2008. 
The National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association named him "Sportscaster of the Year" for the state of Washington in 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2006.
Calabro is a graduate of Ben Davis High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, (1974) calling games during high school on WBDG, 90.9 FM. He graduated from Butler University (1978). He began his professional career as the play-by-play announcer for the Kansas City Kings in the 1983–84 season. In the 1987–88 season, he came on board with the SuperSonics alongside original Sonics play-by-play announcer Bob Blackburn. He has been calling games for the team since then, reaching a milestone 1,500 games in 2006. Calabro had an option with the SuperSonics for the 2008–09 season. However on April 11, 2008 Calabro stated he would not continue with the team should they relocate to Oklahoma City.
Calabro simulcast in both television and radio for 19 years with the SuperSonics. In 2006, KJR-AM lost its radio contract with the organization. The television and radio broadcasts were separate, with Calabro doing television broadcasts on Fox Sports Net and Matt Pinto doing radio broadcasts on 770 KTTH. Calabro called radio games when no television broadcast was available.
Calabro has done work on the national level with TNT, TBS, ESPN Radio, and NBA TV. He has also lent his voice to several Microsoft games, including "NBA Inside Drive", "NBA Full Court Press", and "NFL Fever" and more recently has been the play-by-play voice of the Sony PlayStation NBA game franchise.
Calabro is known for using the phrase "Good Golly Miss Molly"
He was voted as the 2nd best NBA announcer of all time, Johnny Most , taking top honors.
Calabro's brother, David Calabro, is a popular sportscaster and the sports director with the NBC-affiliate station WTHR in Indianapolis, as well as the public address announcer at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Calabro and partner Greg Vanney were replaced, for two matches as announcers for Seattle Sounders FC, due to Calabro doing NBA playoff games for TNT. It appears that Vanney may have been permanently replaced as the color man, with first Cliff McCrath, and now Ty Keough, joining Kevin in the booth.

</doc>
<doc id="5981794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981794" title="Cervecería Vegana">
Cervecería Vegana

Cervecería Vegana is a small brewery operation located in La Vega, Dominican Republic. Cerveceria Vegana brews one pilsener-style beer, Quisqueya. They discontinued brewing Soberano in 2010. They also produce Malta India. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981803" title="History of ancient Lebanon">
History of ancient Lebanon

The history of ancient Lebanon traces the course of events in what is now known as Lebanon from the beginning of history to the beginning of Arab rule.
Prehistoric Times.
The earliest known settlements in Lebanon date back to earlier than 5000 BC. In Byblos, which is considered to be the oldest continuously inhabited city in the world, archaeologists have discovered remnants of prehistoric huts with crushed limestone floors, primitive weapons, and burial jars which are evidence of the Neolithic and Chalcolithic fishing communities who lived on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea over 8,000 years ago.
Phoenicians.
The area now known as Lebanon first appeared in recorded history around 4000 BC as a group of coastal cities and a heavily forested hinterland. It was inhabited by the Canaanites, a Semitic people, whom the Greeks called "Phoenicians" because of the purple (phoinikies) dye they sold. These early inhabitants referred to themselves as "men of Sidon" or the like, according to their city of origin, and called the country "Lebanon." Because of the nature of the country and its location, the Phoenicians turned to the sea, where they engaged in trade and navigation. 
Each of the coastal cities was an independent kingdom noted for the special activities of its inhabitants. Tyre and Sidon were important maritime and trade centers; Gubla (later known as Byblos and now as Jubayl) and Berytus (present-day Beirut) were trade and religious centers. Gubla was the first Phoenician city to trade actively with Egypt and the pharaohs of the Old Kingdom (2686-2181 BC), exporting cedar, olive oil, and wine, while importing gold and other products from the Nile Valley. 
Before the end of the 17th century BC, Lebanese-Egyptian relations were interrupted when the Hyksos, a nomadic Semitic people, conquered Egypt. After about three decades of Hyksos rule (1600-1570 BC), Ahmose I (1570-1545 BC), Theban prince, launched the Egyptian liberation war. Opposition to the Hyksos increased, reaching a peak during the reign of the pharaoh Thutmose III (1490-1436 BC), who invaded Syria, put an end to Hyksos domination, and incorporated Lebanon into the Egyptian Empire. 
Toward the end of the 14th century BC, the Egyptian Empire weakened, and Lebanon was able to regain its independence by the beginning of the 12th century BC. The subsequent three centuries were a period of prosperity and freedom from foreign control during which the earlier Phoenician invention of the alphabet facilitated communications and trade. The Phoenicians also excelled not only in producing textiles but also in carving ivory, in working with metal, and above all in making glass. Masters of the art of navigation, they founded colonies wherever they went in the Mediterranean Sea (specifically in Cyprus, Rhodes, Crete, and Carthage) and established trade routes to Europe and western Asia. These colonies and trade routes flourished until the invasion of the coastal areas by the Assyrians.
Assyrian rule.
Assyrian rule (875-608 BE) deprived the Phoenician cities of their independence and prosperity and brought repeated, unsuccessful rebellions. In the middle of the 8th century BC, Tyre and Byblos rebelled, but the Assyrian ruler, Tiglath-Pileser III, subdued the rebels and imposed heavy tributes. Oppression continued unabated, and Tyre rebelled again, this time against Sargon II (722-705 BC), who successfully besieged the city in 721 BC and punished its population. During the 7th century BC, Sidon rebelled and was completely destroyed by Esarhaddon (681-668 BC); its inhabitants were enslaved. Esarhaddon built a new city on Sidon's ruins. By the end of the 7th century BC, the Assyrian Empire, weakened by the successive revolts, had been destroyed by the Median Empire.
Babylonian rule and the Persian Empire.
As the Babylonians finally defeated the Assyrians at Carchemish, much of Lebanon was already in their hands, since much of it was seized from the collapsing Assyrian kingdom. In that time two Babylonian kings succeeded the throne, Nabopolassar who focused on ending Assyrian influence in the region, and his son Nebuchadnezzar II whose reign witnessed several regional rebellions, especially in Jerusalem. Revolts in Phoenician cities became more frequent during that period (685-636 BC, Tyre rebelled again and for thirteen years resisted a siege by the troops of Nebuchadnezzar 587-574 BC. After this long siege, the city capitulated; its king was dethroned, and its citizens were enslaved. 
The Achaemenids ended Babylonian rule when Cyrus, founder of the Persian Empire, captured Babylon in 539-538 BC and Phoenicia and its neighbors passed into Persian hands. Cambyses 529-522 BC, Cyrus's son and successor, continued his father's policy of conquest and in 529 BC became suzerain of Syria, Lebanon, and Egypt. The Phoenician navy supported Persia during the Greco-Persian War 490-449 BC. But when the Phoenicians were overburdened with heavy tributes imposed by the successors of Darius I 521-485 BC, revolts and rebellions resumed in the Lebanese coastal cities.
Macedonian rule.
The Persian Empire eventually fell to Alexander the Great, king of Macedon. He attacked Asia Minor, defeated the Persian troops in 333 BC, and advanced toward the Lebanese coast. Initially the Phoenician cities made no attempt to resist, and they recognized his suzerainty. However, when Alexander tried to offer a sacrifice to Melqart, Tyre's god, the city resisted. Alexander besieged Tyre in retaliation in early 332 BC. After six months of resistance, the city fell, and its people were sold into slavery. Despite his early death in 323 BC, Alexander's conquest of the eastern Mediterranean Basin left a Greek imprint on the area. The Phoenicians, being a cosmopolitan people amenable to outside influences, adopted aspects of Greek civilization with ease.
The Seleucid Dynasty.
After Alexander's death, his empire was divided among his Macedonian generals. The eastern part—Phoenicia, Asia Minor, northern Syria, and Mesopotamia fell to Seleucus I, founder of the Seleucid dynasty. The southern part of Syria and Egypt fell to Ptolemy, and the European part, including Macedonia, to Antigonus I. This settlement, however, failed to bring peace because Seleucus I and Ptolemy clashed repeatedly in the course of their ambitious efforts to share in Phoenician prosperity. A final victory of the Seleucids ended a forty-year period of conflict.
Roman rule.
Byzantine rule.
Upon the death of Theodosius I in 395 AD, the empire was divided in two: the eastern or Byzantine part with its capital at Constantinople, and the western part with its capital at Rome. Under the Byzantine Empire, intellectual and economic activities in Beirut, Tyre, and Sidon continued to flourish for more than a century. However, in the 6th century a series of earthquakes demolished the temples of Baalbek and destroyed the city of Beirut, leveling its famous law school and killing nearly 30,000 inhabitants. To these natural disasters were added the abuses and corruptions prevailing at that time in the empire. Heavy tributes and religious dissension produced disorder and confusion. Furthermore, the ecumenical councils of the 5th and 6th centuries were unsuccessful in settling religious disagreements. This turbulent period weakened the empire and made it easy prey to the newly converted Muslim Arabs of the Arabian Peninsula.
"This article is based on public-domain text from the Lebanon Country Study (1987) of the Library of Congress Country Studies project; specifically from Chapter 1: Historical Setting, by Afaf Sabeh McGowen".

</doc>
<doc id="5981805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981805" title="PLOS Computational Biology">
PLOS Computational Biology

PLOS Computational Biology is a peer-reviewed computational biology journal established in 2005 and published by the nonprofit Public Library of Science in association with the International Society for Computational Biology. The founding Editor in Chief was Philip Bourne, and the current Editor in Chief is Ruth Nussinov. All articles are open access and licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License.
The journal is well-known beyond its core field for its Ten Simple Rules series of articles that capture the essence of selected aspects of research in computational biology or in science more generally, e.g. how to present a poster, how to collaborate, or how to edit Wikipedia.
Gallery.
Due to their free licensing, files from PLoS Computational Biology can be reused in places other than the journal's website, e.g. to illustrate Wikipedia articles.

</doc>
<doc id="5981816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981816" title="Dexter (TV series)">
Dexter (TV series)

Dexter is an American television drama series. The series centers on Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a blood spatter pattern analyst for Miami Metro Police Department who also leads a secret life as a serial killer, hunting down criminals who have slipped through the cracks of the justice system. Set in Miami, the show's first season derived from the novel "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" (2004), the first of the Dexter series novels by Jeff Lindsay. It was adapted for television by screenwriter James Manos, Jr., who wrote the first episode. Subsequent seasons evolved independently of Lindsay's works.
"Dexter" aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013. In February 2008, reruns (edited down to a TV-14 rating) began to air on CBS, although the reruns on CBS ended after one run of the first season. The series has enjoyed wide critical acclaim and popularity, including four straight Primetime Emmy nominations for Best Drama series in its first four seasons. Season 4 aired its season finale on December 13, 2009, to a record-breaking audience of 2.6 million viewers, making it the most-watched original series episode ever on Showtime at that time.
In April 2013, Showtime announced that Season 8 would be the final season of "Dexter". The Season 8 premiere was the most watched "Dexter" episode with more than 3 million viewers total for all airings that night. The original broadcast of the series finale — shown at 9 p.m. on September 22, 2013 — drew 2.8 million viewers, the largest overall audience in Showtime's history.
Plot.
Series synopsis.
Orphaned at the age of three and harboring a traumatic secret, Dexter (Michael C. Hall) was adopted by Miami policeman, Harry Morgan (James Remar), who recognized his homicidal tendencies and taught him to channel his gruesome passion for human dissection in a "constructive" way — by killing only heinous criminals (such as child molesters, mob assassins, rapists, serial killers of the innocent etc.) who have slipped through the justice system. To satisfy his interest in blood and to facilitate his own crimes, Dexter works as a blood spatter analyst for the Miami Metro Police Department (based on the real life Miami-Dade Police Department). Although his drive to kill is unflinching, he is able to emulate normal emotions and keep up his appearance as a socially-responsible human being.
"Dexter: Early Cuts".
"Dexter: Early Cuts" is an animated web series that premiered on October 25, 2009. Michael C. Hall reprises his role as the voice of Dexter.
KTV Media International Bullseye Art produced and animated the webisodes, working closely with Showtime for sound editing, Interspectacular for direction, and illustrators Kyle Baker, Ty Templeton, Andrés Vera Martínez, and Devin Lawson for creating distinctive illustrations. The webisodes are animated with 2.5D style, where flat 2D illustrations are brought to life in 3D space. The first season was created and written by "Dexter" producer/writer, Lauren Gussis. She was nominated for a Webby for her writing on the first season.
The first web series precedes the current narrative of the show and revolves around Dexter hunting down the three victims that he mentions in the 6th episode of Season 1, "Return to Sender". Each victim's story is split into four two-minute chapters.
A second season of the web series titled "Dexter: Early Cuts: Dark Echo," one story in six chapters, premiered on October 25, 2010. It was written by Tim Schlattmann and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz and David Mack. The story begins immediately following Dexter's adoptive father Harry's death.
Production.
Exterior filming.
Although the series is set in Miami, Florida, many of the exterior scenes are filmed in Long Beach, California. Many landmark buildings and locations in Long Beach are featured throughout the series. The final episode's airport scene takes place at Ontario International Airport in Ontario, California.
Marketing.
In preparation for the UK launch of the series, Fox experimented with an SMS-based viral marketing campaign. Created by digital advertising agency Ralph & Co, and promoted by online PR and social media agency Hot Cherry, unsuspecting mobile phone owners received the following unsolicited SMS messages addressed to them by name with no identifying information other than being from "Dexter": "Hello (name). I'm heading to the UK sooner than you might think. Dexter." The SMS-message would be followed by an email directing the user to an online video "news report" about a recent spree of killings. Using on-the-fly video manipulation, the user's name and a personalized message would be worked into the report – the former written in blood on a wall near the crime scene, the latter added to a note in an evidence bag carried past the camera. While the marketing campaign succeeded in raising the profile of the show, it proved unpopular with many mobile owners who saw this as spam advertising aimed at mobile phones. In response to complaints about the SMS element of the campaign, Fox issued the following statement:
Break from filming.
Michael C. Hall was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma while filming Season 4 of Dexter. He took a break from filming to deal with his health issues in which he underwent treatment for cancer and during the procedure, he was noticeably thinner and had lost his hair which he hid with a bandana. Once he announced that he was cancer-free, he resumed filming "Dexter".
Cast and crew.
Cast.
Besides Michael C. Hall playing the title character, the show's supporting cast includes Jennifer Carpenter as Dexter's adoptive sister and co-worker (and later boss) Debra, and James Remar as Dexter's adoptive father, Harry. Dexter's co-workers include Lauren Vélez as Lieutenant (later Captain) María LaGuerta, Dexter and Debra's supervisor, David Zayas as Detective Sergeant (later Lieutenant) Angel Juan Marcos Batista, and C. S. Lee as lab tech Vince Masuka (promoted to title credits in Season 2). Erik King portrayed the troubled Sgt James Doakes for the first two seasons of the show. Desmond Harrington joined the cast in Season 3 as Joey Quinn; his name was promoted to the title credits as of Season 4. Geoff Pierson plays Captain Tom Matthews of Miami Metro Homicide. Julie Benz starred as Dexter's girlfriend turned wife Rita in Seasons 1–4 with a guest appearance in Season 5. Rita's children, Astor and Cody, are played by Christina Robinson and Preston Bailey (who replaced Daniel Goldman after the First Season). Dexter's infant son Harrison is played by twins, Evan and Luke Kruntchev through Season 7. For Season 8, Harrison was played by Jadon Wells. Aimee Garcia plays Batista's younger sister, Jamie.
Notable appearances in Season 1 are Christian Camargo as the Ice Truck Killer and Mark Pellegrino as Rita's abusive ex-husband Paul. Jaime Murray portrayed Lila Tournay in Season 2, a beautiful but unhinged, know-it-all, British "artist" who becomes obsessed with Dexter. Keith Carradine, as Special FBI Agent Frank Lundy, and Jimmy Smits, as ADA Miguel Prado, each appeared in season-long character arcs in seasons two and three, respectively. David Ramsey, who plays confidential informant Anton Briggs in Season 3, returned in Season 4, romantically involved with Debra. John Lithgow joined the cast in Season 4 as the "Trinity Killer". Carradine returned in Season 4, reprising his role as newly retired FBI Special Agent Frank Lundy, who was hunting the Trinity Killer. Courtney Ford was featured in Season 4 as an ambitious reporter who mixes business with pleasure, getting romantically involved with Joseph while simultaneously fishing for sources and stories. Julia Stiles joined the cast a little later as Lumen Pierce, a woman who gets involved in a complex relationship with Dexter after the tragedy that culminated the previous season. 
Season 5 also saw Peter Weller cast as Stan Liddy, a corrupt narcotics cop. In the Sixth Season, Mos Def was cast as Brother Sam, a convicted murderer turned born-again Christian, and Edward James Olmos and Colin Hanks guest-starred as Professor James Gellar and Travis Marshall who were involved in a murderous apocalyptic cult. The seventh and eighth seasons features multiple guest stars including Ray Stevenson, Jason Gedrick, Yvonne Strahovski, and Charlotte Rampling.
Margo Martindale had a recurring role as Camilla, a records office worker who was close friends with Dexter's adoptive parents. JoBeth Williams portrays Rita's suspicious mother, Gail Brandon, in four episodes of Season 2. Anne Ramsay portrayed defense attorney Ellen Wolf, Miguel's nemesis. Valerie Cruz had a recurring role as Miguel's wife, Sylvia. In Season 6, Billy Brown was cast as transferred-in Detective Mike Anderson to replace Debra after her promotion to Lieutenant; Josh Cooke plays Louis Greene, a lab tech and Masuka's intern.
Crew.
The main creative forces behind the series were executive producers Daniel Cerone, Clyde Phillips and Melissa Rosenberg; Cerone left the show after its Second Season. Coming off a record-setting Season 4 finale, executive producer and showrunner Clyde Phillips departed the series to spend more time with his family. "24" co-executive producer Chip Johannessen took over Phillips's post. Head writer Melissa Rosenberg left after Season 4 as well.
After the conclusion of Season 5, it was revealed that Chip Johannessen was leaving the show after a single run and that Scott Buck would take over as showrunner from Season 6.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Although reception to individual seasons has varied, the response to "Dexter" has been mostly positive. The review aggregator website Metacritic calculated a score of 77 from a possible 100 for Season 1 based on 27 reviews, making it the third-best reviewed show of the 2006 fall season. This score includes four 100% scores from the "New York Daily News", "San Francisco Chronicle", "Chicago Sun-Times" and "People Weekly." Brian Lowry, who had written one of the three poor reviews Metacritic tallied for the show, recanted his negative review in a year-end column for the trade magazine "Variety" after watching the full season.
On Metacritic, Season 2 has a score of 85 with all 11 reviews positive; Season 3 has 78 with 13 reviews; Season 4 has 79 with 14 reviews; Season 5 has a score of 75 with 11 reviews; Season 6 has a score of 63 with 10 reviews; Season 7 has a score of 81 with 7 reviews; Season 8 has a score of 71 with 10 reviews. While remarking on some of the show's more formulaic elements (quirky detective, hero with dense workmates, convenient plot contrivances), Tad Friend of "The New Yorker" remarked that when Dexter is struggling to connect with Rita or soliciting advice from his victims, "the show finds its voice."
Popular reception.
The Third Season finale on December 14, 2008, was watched by 1.51 million viewers, giving Showtime its highest ratings for any of its original series since 2004, when Nielsen started including original shows on premium channels in its ratings. The fourth season finale aired on December 13, 2009 and was watched by 2.6 million viewers. It broke records for all of Showtime's original series and was their highest rated telecast in over a decade.
The Fifth Season finale was watched by a slightly smaller number of people (2.5 million). The show was declared the ninth highest rated show for the first ten years of IMDb.com Pro (2002–2012). The seventh season as a whole was the highest rated season of "Dexter", watched by 6.1 million total weekly viewers across all platforms.
Awards and nominations.
"Dexter" was nominated for 23 Primetime Emmy Awards, in the category of Outstanding Drama Series four times in a row, from 2008 to 2011, and Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series (for Michael C. Hall) five times in a row, from 2008 to 2012. It has also been nominated for nine Golden Globe Awards (winning two) and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards.
On December 14, 2006, Michael C. Hall was nominated for a Golden Globe Award at the 64th Golden Globe Awards. In 2008, the show was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for its second season (Showtime's first ever drama to be nominated for the award), and its star for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series. It won neither, losing to "Mad Men" and to "Breaking Bad" actor Bryan Cranston. In 2010, Hall and John Lithgow, in their respective categories, won a Golden Globe for their performances, on the same night, for their work in Season 4.
Broadcast.
In Serbia, Dexter is broadcast on FOX Crime, and it is offered with both English Audio and Serbian subtitles. In France, "Dexter" is broadcast on Canal+ and it is offered with both English and French audio. In India and Pakistan, "Dexter" is broadcast on STAR World.
In Portugal, "Dexter" is broadcast on the Portuguese public broadcaster RTP and on the cable TV channel Fox Portugal both in its original version with Portuguese subtitles. In Thailand, the series is broadcast on True Series.
Criticism.
U.S. broadcast.
When U.S. network CBS publicly announced in December 2007 that it was considering "Dexter" for broadcast reruns, the Parents Television Council (PTC) protested the decision. When the network began posting promotional videos of the rebroadcast on YouTube on January 29, 2008, PTC president Timothy F. Winter, in a formal press release, again called for CBS to not broadcast the show on broadcast television, saying that it "should remain on a premium subscription cable network" because "the series compels viewers to empathize with a serial killer, to root for him to prevail, to hope he doesn't get discovered." Winter called on the public to demand that local affiliates preempt "Dexter", and warned advertisers that the PTC would take action against any affiliates that sponsored the show.
Following Winter's press release, CBS added parental advisory notices to its broadcast promotions and ultimately rated "Dexter" TV-14 for broadcast. The show premiered on February 17, 2008, edited primarily for language and scenes containing sex or the dismemberment of live victims. The PTC later objected to CBS' broadcasting of the final two episodes of the first season in a two-hour block, in addition to objections over the starting times of the episodes, which was as early as 8 p.m. in some time zones.
Association with actual crimes.
Several comparisons and connections between the TV show and its protagonist have been drawn during criminal prosecutions. Andrew Conley said the show inspired him to strangle his 10-year-old brother. In an affidavit filed in Ohio County court, police said Conley stated that he "watches a show called "Dexter" on Showtime, about a serial killer, and he stated, 'I feel just like him.'"
In Sweden, a 21-year old woman known as "Dexter-mördaren" (The Dexter killer) or "Dexter-kvinnan" (The Dexter woman) killed her 49-year old father by stabbing him in the heart. During questioning, the woman compared herself to Dexter and a picture of the character would appear on her phone when her father called her. In July 2011, she was sentenced to seven years in prison.
In Norway, Shamrez Khan hired Håvard Nyfløt to kill Faiza Ashraf—Nyfløt claimed that "Dexter" inspired him and he wanted to kill Khan in front of Faiza, similar to the television series, to "stop evil".
Prosecutors compared Christopher Scott Wilson to Dexter when they charged him with the February 2010 first-degree murder of Mackenzie Cowell.
Association was established between Mark Twitchell, of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, during his first-degree murder trial, and the character of Dexter Morgan. After weeks of testimony and gruesome evidence presented in court, Twitchell was found guilty of the planned and deliberate murder of 38-year-old Johnny Altinger on April 12, 2011.
Other media.
Video game.
A video game based on "Dexter" developed by Icarus Studios and based on the events of Season 1 was released on September 13, 2009. It is available for the iPhone platform in the iTunes App Store. The game was released on the iPad on October 15, 2010, and on PC on February 15, 2011. The cast and crew of "Dexter" have been very supportive, with some of the cast providing full voice work for the game, including Michael C. Hall. The game has received many positive reviews, including an 8/10 from IGN. No additional content for the game has been released or announced as planned. Plans to release the game on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 seem to have been cancelled, as there has been no recent information regarding expansion of the game onto these platforms.
Alternative reality game.
Showtime launched "Dexter Game On" during Comic-Con in July 2010. It was a promotion that relied on community involvement. Part of the user's involvement required the user to use the SCVNGR application available for the iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Android platforms to complete treks around the five cities the game was available in. The final trek lead to a kill-room where the "Infinity Killer" had recently claimed a victim. A link was found in the room to a (fake) company called Sleep Superbly, which began an extensive Showtime-maintained alternate reality game that continued until "Dexter"s fifth season premiere.
The alternate reality game involves players working cooperatively together to help catch the "Infinity Killer" and identify his victims. A number of other characters help. During the game, players communicate with the "Infinity Killer" among many others. The game spans Facebook, Twitter, Craigslist, etc. as well as countless unique sites created for the game. There are even phone numbers players can call. The characters and companies are controlled by real people, adding an extra realism and ability for intelligent conversation. In order to maintain a realistic feeling in the game, Showtime does not put their name or advertisements on most sites and pages created for the game.
Theme song and series music.
The opening title theme for "Dexter" was written by Rolfe Kent and scored by American composer, Daniel Licht. The series music for each episode was overseen by Gary Calamar of Go Music and coordinated by Alyson Vidoli.
Album soundtrack.
In August 2007, the album soundtrack entitled "" was released featuring music from the television series. The album was produced by Showtime and distributed by Milan Records. The digital download version offers 5 additional bonus tracks from the show's first two seasons.
Merchandise.
EMCE Toys has planned the release of action figures based on the series.
In March 2010, Dark Horse Comics released a 7-inch bust of Dexter Morgan as part of its "Last Toys on the Left" series. And in April 2010, Dark Horse Comics released a bobblehead doll based on the show character, the Trinity Killer.
In September 2010, the Toronto, Canada-based company, GDC-GameDevCo Ltd., released a "Dexter" board game.
A variety of merchandise items are available from Showtime including t-shirts, blood slide key rings and coasters, pens made to look like syringes of blood, an apron, mugs and glasses, posters, and even bin bags.
In January 2014, an auction was held for several props used in the series, with part of the auction's proceeds donated to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
Comic book.
Marvel Comics released a Dexter mini series in July 2013. The comic books are written by creator Jeff Lindsay and drawn by Dalibor Talajic.
Prop sales.
In partnership with the HollywoodsProps company, DexterCorner created an auction site to sell hundreds of original props from the series. Part of the auction's proceeds were donated to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
Showtime has also offered a limited selection of props for sale.
Spin-off series.
In April 2013, Showtime president, David Nevins said that even though the series would end with Season 8, all options of continuing the series were "on the table". Original reports were for a series to be built around the Debra Morgan character. Dexter's showrunner, Scott Buck re-signed with Showtime for two years which further heated up discussion on a spin-off series.
On January 14, 2014, Nevins announced that they were in discussions for a spin-off series to "Dexter". Nevins said that a new series would happen only if Michael C. Hall returned. Nevins stated: "We're at the very preliminary stage. That show is that character... and if I were to do something, I would do "Dexter" in a new concept and configuration. I want the show to feel different, not just a continuation of the old show." 
Michael C. Hall responded to the possible spin-off series saying he would be interested in returning. Hall said: "I can't even wrap my mind around that. And it's all just theoretical until there is some sort of script reflecting somebody's idea of where it could possibly go. But it's hard for me to imagine what that would be. Yeah, as far as playing Dexter again for an undefined amount of time, that's a little daunting to consider. But doing another television series — there's a lot of amazing stuff on TV. I don't want to do that right away. But I wouldn't say never to that." 

</doc>
<doc id="5981821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981821" title="Colin Clark (soccer)">
Colin Clark (soccer)

Colin Clark (born April 11, 1984 in Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College and amateur.
Clark played college soccer at Southern Methodist University for three years from 2002 to 2004, and in 2005 he played for the Boulder Rapids Reserve team in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Colorado Rapids.
In February 2006 he officially signed a developmental contract with Colorado Rapids, and was with the team until 2010.
During training on August 11, 2009, Clark injured his ACL, causing him to miss the remainder of the 2009 campaign. One year later, during a match against San Jose Earthquakes, Clark tore the same ACL, which again forced him to miss the remainder of the season.
Houston Dynamo.
On September 15, 2010, Clark was traded to Houston Dynamo with allocation money in exchange for Brian Mullan and a fourth-round pick in the 2013 MLS SuperDraft (later converted to a pick in the 2013 MLS Supplemental Draft.
League suspension.
During a nationally televised game against Seattle Sounders FC on March 23, 2012, sideline microphones picked up Clark's voice as he uttered an anti-gay slur at a ball boy who delivered him a ball for a throw-in situation. He apologized for the incident on Twitter several hours later. On March 28, 2012, Major League Soccer suspended Clark for three games and fined him an undisclosed sum as punishment for the incident. League Commissioner Don Garber also ordered Clark to attend diversity and sensitivity training, stating, "Major League Soccer will not tolerate this type of behavior from its players or staff at any time, under any circumstances," while also acknowledging that Clark had expressed "sincere remorse" for his actions. In response to the league's disciplinary action, Clark declared, "I am sorry about what happened during the Seattle match. I have personally apologized to the ball boy, and I want to take this chance to say I'm sorry to everyone that I've offended... what I said does not properly represent who I am or what I believe. I made a mistake that I truly regret. I accept the punishment that has been handed down by MLS."
Los Angeles Galaxy.
When Clark's contract expired at the end of the 2012 season he chose to enter the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft. On December 14, 2012, he was selected by Los Angeles Galaxy in stage two of the draft. Los Angeles traded up in the draft order to select Clark, giving up a 2013 MLS Supplemental Draft pick and an international roster slot in the deal.
International.
On July 11, 2009, Clark made his debut with the United States against Haiti in the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5981827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981827" title="Matti Pitkänen">
Matti Pitkänen

Matti Pitkänen (born 20 December 1951 in Ikaalinen) is a former Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1976 and a bronze in 1980. He also finished 6th in the 30 km at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Pitkänen also won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km at the 1978 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti. He also finished 4th in the 15 km, 30 km, and 50 km events at those same games.
Pitkänen won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5981838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981838" title="Tool Omri">
Tool Omri

Tool Omri () is the name of Nawal Al Zoghbi's 8th album, which was released in 2001. It was produced by Rotana. 
The album's title song was a huge hit and marked a change of style for Nawal as it was influenced by Latin American music incorporating the salsa beat.
Track listing.
The EMI 2001 release, 07243 5344566 2 8, includes partial Arabic lyrics and partial English translations of the sung texts.

</doc>
<doc id="5981852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981852" title="Sweet Valley University">
Sweet Valley University

Sweet Valley University, also known as SVU, is part of the "Sweet Valley High" young adult book series created by Francine Pascal. The series followed on from the "Sweet Valley Senior Year" series and featured twins Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield starting college. Unlike any of the other spin-offs, SVU covered two years of the twins' lives, their freshman and sophomore years in college.
The series was followed by the "Elizabeth" series.

</doc>
<doc id="5981863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981863" title="Texas State Highway 112">
Texas State Highway 112

State Highway 112 or SH 112 is a short segment highway that runs through the northern portions of Eastland County. The routing was previously designated as State Highway 69 in 1971. Vandalism to the road signage as a result of its numbering had reached epidemic proportion by 1989, driving a resolution that the number of the road needed to be changed. The cost of resigning the roadway was considered reasonable by local governments, compared to that of the measures by law enforcement agencies that would be necessary to stop the vandalism. In 1992, the district requested and was granted renumbering of this route to State Highway 112.
History.
SH 112 was originally numbered in 1926 as a route from Karnes City north to Nixon then northeast to near Gonzales. The route was completed by 1939, but was reassigned to SH 80 and SH 200.
Route description.
SH 112 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 183 in far northern Eastland County and travels southeast. Four miles later it turns south at an intersection with Farm to Market Road 101. It goes another 5 miles until an intersection with SH 6 in Eastland. It then turns east, reaching its terminus at Interstate 20.
This section of highway has had five different state numbering since its inception. It was originally numbered as SH 23 from 1917 until 1926. In 1926 it was reassigned to SH 67 until 1939. In 1939 it was renumbered again as SH 6 when it was realigned across the state. It kept this numbering until 1971, when SH 6 was reassigned to roadways further to the west. The route was then redesignated as SH 69. In 1992, the route was finally redesignated SH 112 due to vandalism issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5981886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981886" title="The Spell (The Black Heart Procession album)">
The Spell (The Black Heart Procession album)

The Spell is the fifth full-length album recorded by the indie rock band The Black Heart Procession.
The album was released by Touch and Go Records on May 9, 2006. The album was recorded and produced by the band in their new studio, SDRL, in San Diego. A video was made for the track "Not Just Words".

</doc>
<doc id="5981890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981890" title="Totality Corporation">
Totality Corporation

Totality Corporation was a venture-backed professional services and managed services provider based out of San Francisco, from the years 1999 to 2005.
The senior management team and founders was comprised primarily of executives from EDS, Fort Point Partners, AOL/Netscape, IBM, Oracle and Sun Microsystems.
In late 2005 Totality was acquired by MCI which in turn was acquired by Verizon. Verizon now operates Totality under its brandname.
History.
Totality was a provider of application & infrastructure management services for large-scale e-commerce sites.
Totality was previously named "MimEcom", prior to the company going public in December 2000.
The company operated the domain name, www.totality.com.
In 2000 MimEcom was the recipient of what was at the time the second largest second round funding, $100 million, the first being its main competitor, Loudcloud.
In late 2005 Totality was acquired by MCI which in turn was acquired by Verizon.
Customers.
Totality customers included Smith & Hawken, Kaplan, Bluelight.com, Boats.com, Yachtworld.com, Garden.com and other businesses with online ecommerce offerings.

</doc>
<doc id="5981905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981905" title="Pertti Teurajärvi">
Pertti Teurajärvi

Pertti Teurajärvi (born February 20, 1951 in Kolari). is a former Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1976 and a bronze in 1980.
Teurajärvi also won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1978 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti. His best individual event was 4th in a World Cup event in 1982 in West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5981912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981912" title="Babylon Branch">
Babylon Branch

The Babylon Branch is a rail service operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York. The term refers to the trains serving Montauk Branch stations from Valley Stream east to Babylon. (In other words, "Babylon Branch" is the railroad's designation for a set of trains that run along the Montauk Branch. There is no track called the "Babylon Branch".) The electrification of the Montauk Branch ends east of the Babylon station, so the Babylon Branch is mostly served by electric trains.
The west end of the "Babylon Branch" is the junction between the West Hempstead Branch and Montauk Branch (Valley Interlocking); St Albans, the only stop on the Montauk Branch west of Valley Stream, is shown in the West Hempstead Branch timetable. Trains that continue past the east end of the Babylon Branch are known as Montauk Branch trains; several of these use the Central Branch between Belmont Junction west of the Babylon station and a junction at Beth Interlocking on the Main Line southeast of the Bethpage Station, running to New York City via the Main Line. On weekends, Babylon Branch trains typically stop at Forest Hills and Kew Gardens in the eastbound direction as opposed to other Main Line trains that serve other branches.
The Babylon Branch portion of the Montauk Branch is completely grade separated with bridges over all intersecting roadways. Route 231 in between Babylon and the electrified yard, and the Meadowbrook Parkway in between Merrick and Freeport go over the tracks, with the tracks going under those roadways.
History.
The South Side Railroad of Long Island in the 1860s built what was to become the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. The Babylon Branch as a separate operational entity began as the electrification of the Montauk Branch between Valley Stream and Babylon on May 20, 1925. Eventually, this would also include the former "Springfield Branch" which the Montauk Branch was relocated to northeast of Springfield Junction. The tracks were elevated from ground-level from the 1950s through the 1970s. Elevation of the line sparked grass-roots efforts to preserve the previous versions of Wantagh and Lindendurst Stations, the former of which resulted in the creation of the Wantagh Railroad Museum. The last station to be elevated on the branch was Massapequa Park on December 13, 1980.
Since the 1990s, many station houses along the branch have been rebuilt, including the entire platform at Seaford from July 2008 to July 2009. Additionally, from July 2007 to April 10, 2011 the signals, switches, and gantries were replaced between the Wantagh Interlocking and Amityville Station, with color light signals replacing the old PRR-style position-light signals installed during the elevation of that section in 1973. Plans for the future include the modernization of Babylon Interlocking, viaduct track replacement at certain stations, replacement of platforms, escalators, and elevators at Babylon, Massapequa, and Wantagh (which will have an elevator installed to comply with ADA standards). There is also the possibility of Massapequa Park, Amityville, Copiague, and Lindenhurst receiving elevators to make them ADA accessible, and installation of a pocket track east of Massapequa.

</doc>
<doc id="5981915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981915" title="Jordan Harvey">
Jordan Harvey

Jordan Harvey (born January 28, 1984 in Mission Viejo, California) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC in Major League Soccer.
Career.
Youth and college.
Harvey started playing club soccer with Strikers FC. Upon high school graduation he played college soccer at the University of California, Los Angeles for four years from 2002 to 2005 where he appeared in 69 games scoring 7 goals and notching 9 assists. During his college years he also played with Orange County Blue Star in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional career.
Harvey was drafted in the first round, 9th overall, in the 2006 MLS Supplemental Draft by the Colorado Rapids, and remained with the club for a number of years. He was his team's the leader in minutes having played - 2,613 - in the 2009 MLS season 
He was selected by Philadelphia Union in the 2009 MLS Expansion Draft on November 25, 2009. Harvey scored his first goal for the Union off a header on April 15, 2010, in a 2-1 loss to Toronto FC.
On & July 2011, Harvey was traded to the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in exchange for allocation money. Harvey established himself as one of the starting left backs during the 2012 season when Alain Rochat moved to defensive midfield towards the end of the season.
International.
Harvey played 2 matches for the United States U-17 national team in the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Cup and one match for the United States U-20 national team in the 2003 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5981917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981917" title="Chris Snopek">
Chris Snopek

Christopher Charles Snopek (born September 20, 1970, in Cynthiana, Kentucky) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. He is an alumnus of the University of Mississippi.
Drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 6th round of the MLB amateur draft, Snopek would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Chicago White Sox on July 31, 1995, and appeared in his final game on September 27, 1998 for the Boston Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="5981925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981925" title="Tian Xu">
Tian Xu

Tian Xu was a name that was referenced multiple times during the historical and fictional records of the late Han Dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.
One Tian Xu was the son of Tian Chou's nephew.
Another Tian Xu was a prime factor throughout the Zhong Hui and Deng Ai's final campaign to conquer Shu. He was the one who personally seized Deng Ai (after Deng Ai conquered Shu) while he was sleeping through the orders of Zhong Hui. This was because Zhong Hui was planning on taking over Wei as well in the end. After a long feud broke out through the extremely excessive conduct that was ordered by Zhong Hui, he was slain along with many others (including Jiang Wei). Tian Xu took advantage of this suddent turn of events by killing Deng Ai in transit through the fact that he feared Deng Ai would later kill him for being seized. It is not clear whether the nephew of Tian Chou and the Tian Xu who killed Deng were the same person, as no historical record makes that connection clear. The age gap between Tian Chou's death and Tian Xu's killing of Deng appears to make the connection doubtful.

</doc>
<doc id="5981926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981926" title="Araniella cucurbitina">
Araniella cucurbitina

Araniella cucurbitina, sometimes called the "cucumber green spider", is a spider of the family Araneidae. Females grow up to , males only up to . The spider is mainly found on forest clearings, where it weaves its orb-web between leaves and flowers. These webs are only about in diameter.
This spider does not use a hideout, because it is camouflaged by its green colour. Adult spiders first show this colour in spring. Freshly hatched spiderlings are red, and change to brown before the autumn. On the end of the abdomen there is a red mark in adults.
This species occurs in the Palaearctic, although it can be found in parts of North America, where it was probably introduced.
"Araniella opisthographa" is an almost identical spider which can only be distinguished from "A. cucurbitina" by a microscopic investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="5981942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981942" title="Nellie Briercliffe">
Nellie Briercliffe

Nellie Briercliffe (1889 – 12 December 1966) was an English singer and actress best known for her performances in the mezzo-soprano roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
After playing in the provinces early in her career, Briercliffe joined the D'Oyly Carte, touring for over three years in the Gilbert and Sullivan soubrette roles. She left the company to play in London's the West End, but rejoined D'Oyly Carte for their 1919–20 London season. After this, she played on the West End in musicals and comic plays, with a three-year hiatus from 1924 to 1927, until she finally retired in 1931. She recorded seven of her D'Oyly Carte roles.
Life and career.
Briercliffe was born in Bolton, the daughter of Robert Briercliffe and his wife. She performed extensively in the British provinces before making her debut in London. In December 1913, she appeared at the Haymarket Theatre in a curtain-raiser, "A Dear Little Wife". She also sang in the concert hall.
She joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in October 1914 after Rupert D'Oyly Carte saw her performance at the Haymarket and "was much struck by her vivacity". She was cast immediately in the principal soubrette roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas as follows: Hebe in "H.M.S. Pinafore", Edith in "The Pirates of Penzance", Angela in "Patience", Iolanthe in "Iolanthe", Melissa in "Princess Ida", Pitti-Sing in "The Mikado", Phoebe in "The Yeomen of the Guard" and Tessa in "The Gondoliers". When "The Sorcerer" was revived in 1916, she added the role of Constance. Briercliffe "quickly established herself as a favorite with London audiences" and toured constantly with the company for more than three years.
Briercliffe left the D'Oyly Carte company in January 1918 and appeared in London in the musical comedy "Pamela", at the Palace Theatre with Lily Elsie and Owen Nares. She then took over the role of Joy Chatterton in the long-running musical "The Boy" at the Adelphi Theatre. She rejoined D'Oyly Carte for the 1919–20 London season, when the company returned to London for the first time in a decade, at the Prince's Theatre, playing all her former roles. In 1920 she returned to musical comedy in London, appearing with Jack Buchanan in "Wild Geese" by Ronald Jeans and Charles Cuvillier; as Dulcenea in "Oh! Julie", composed by H. Sullivan Brooke and Herman Darewski, at the Shaftesbury Theatre; and as the Shepherdess in the children's play, "The Shepherdess Without a Heart" at the Garrick Theatre, of which "The Times" wrote, "Many a young heart must have been lost yesterday afternoon to Miss Nellie Briercliffe. … She looked delightful, she sang sweetly, and she acted so prettily that there was a general sigh of regret when she became a china figure once again."
In September 1921, she married Major George Thirlwall Philipson but continued on the stage. In 1924 she starred in a "fantastic ballad opera", "Kate, Or, Love Will Find Out the Way", after which she took a three-year break from the stage. She returned to the West End in January 1927 in John Galsworthy's drama, "Escape", and in the same year succeeded her sister-in-law, Mabel Russell Philipson, as Blanquette in "The Beloved Vagabond", at the New Theatre. In 1928 she appeared in Christabel Marillier's musical version of "The Rose and the Ring", conducted by Malcolm Sargent.
Briercliffe joined D'Oyly Carte a third and last time for the 22-week 1929–30 season at the newly-rebuilt Savoy Theatre. Of her previous roles, she reprised Angela, Iolanthe, Melissa, Pitti-Sing, Phoebe and Tessa, and added a new role, Mad Margaret in "Ruddigore". After the season ended, she appeared in "Fountain of Youth", "an amusing comic opera of country life," by W. Graham Robertson with music by Alfred Reynolds at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith, and finally in a non-musical costume drama, "The Immortal Lady" by Clifford Bax in 1931.
Briercliffe, known in the D'Oyly Carte company as "Budgie", was popular with audiences for her vivacious stage presence. One writer noted:
Briercliffe died in Portsmouth in 1966, aged 77.
Recordings.
Briercliffe participated in all seven D'Oyly Carte recordings made for HMV between 1929 and 1932, as Phoebe, Edith, Iolanthe, Hebe, Angela, Margaret and Melissa.

</doc>
<doc id="5981944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981944" title="Richard Davies">
Richard Davies

Richard Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5981947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981947" title="Richard Davis">
Richard Davis

Richard Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5981952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981952" title="Texas State Highway 239">
Texas State Highway 239

State Highway 239 or SH 239 is a Texas state highway that runs from Kenedy southwestward to Austwell. The route was designated in 1936, cancelled temporarily in 1938, and redesignated in 1939. It was extended twice, once in 1966 from U.S. Highway 183 to U.S. Highway 77 and again in 1976 it was extended southeast, replacing SH 113.

</doc>
<doc id="5981958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981958" title="Edgar Bastidas">
Edgar Bastidas

Edgar Bastidas (born 23 August 1969 in Caracas, Dtto. Capital) is a Venezuelan tenor.
He studied in the musical institute Mikhail Glinka in Dnipropetrovs'k in Ukraine, with the teacher María E. Markina. He studied from 1991 to 1995 in the Kiev State Conservatory "Piotr I. Tchaikovsky" in Ukraine, with the Russian Professor Vladimir I. Timohin.
He began his career in the Opera Studio of the same Conservatory, as a soloist, interpreting "Lensky" in the opera "Eugene Onegin", "Alfredo" in "La Traviata", "Almaviva" in "The Barber of Seville", and the "Duke of Mantua" in "Rigoletto".
He has worked with many distinguished conductors including Lev Gorvatenko, Ruslan Doroyivsky, Roman Koffman, Boris Velat, Jan Drietomsky, and Pablo Castellanos.
He has carried out presentations in European theaters interpreting leading roles such as Almaviva, Nemorino, Duca di Mantova, Gringoire and Alfredo.
Bastidas's repertoire encompasses lieder, Spanish Songs, Russian songs, Latin American songs, contemporary, Italian and Neapolitan songs.

</doc>
<doc id="5981965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981965" title="Halocaridina rubra">
Halocaridina rubra

Halocaridina rubra is a small red shrimp of the family Atyidae, with the common Hawaiian name "" (meaning "red shrimp").
Description and distribution.
It is a small red shrimp, rarely longer than in length, typically found in brackish water pools near the sea shore, sometimes in large numbers. Such pools are referred to as anchialine pools (from the Greek "" = near the sea). "Halocaridina rubra" is endemic to the Hawaiian islands, and most commonly found in anchialine pools in fresh lava substrates on Hawaii and Maui Island; it has also been found in limestone karst pools and hypogeal habitats in limestone on older islands, such as Oahu. Its habitat is unique and sparsely represented on five of the eight high Hawaiian Islands (Maui, Kahoolawe, Oahu, Molokai and Hawaii).
Ecology.
' are herbivorous and detritivorous shrimp occupying both hypogeal (subterranean) and epigeal (surface) anchialine waters. Typical food of ' is algal and bacterial mats on the surface of rocks and other substrates in anchialine pools. Chelipeds are adapted for scraping and filtering of algal-bacterial layers. Serrated setae scrape the substrate surface, and filamentous setae collect the loosened food materials. The latter can also act as filters for filter feeding during phytoplankton blooms. The grazing activity of this shrimp is essential in maintaining the integrity of the crust, an actively growing matrix of plants, bacteria, diatoms, protozoans, and underlying siliceous and carbonate materials. "Halocaridina" is well adapted to the epigeal-hypogeal habitat in the pools. It reproduces in the subterranean portion of the habitat.
Aquaria.
Recent popularity of ' as a low-maintenance pet in Hawaii and elsewhere has brought this otherwise obscure decapod crustacean into popular consciousness. A long-lived species, ' have been known to live for as long as 20 years in captivity. Sexes are difficult to distinguish, but gravid females carry clusters of red/maroon eggs under their pleopods, and early larvae are planktonic filter-feeders.

</doc>
<doc id="5981974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981974" title="CityGML">
CityGML

CityGML is a common information model for the representation of sets of 3D urban objects. It defines the classes and relations for the most relevant topographic objects in cities and regional models with respect to their geometrical, topological, semantical and appearance properties. Included are generalization hierarchies between thematic classes, aggregations, relations between objects, and spatial properties. This thematic information goes beyond graphic exchange formats and makes it possible to employ virtual 3D city models for sophisticated analysis tasks in different application domains like simulations, urban data mining, facility management, and thematic inquiries.
CityGML is an open data model and an XML-based format for the storage and exchange of data. It is implemented as an application schema for the Geography Markup Language 3 (GML3), the extendible international standard for spatial data exchange issued by the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) and the ISO TC211. CityGML is intended to become an open standard and therefore can be used free of charge.
The OGC Members adopted version 1.0.0 of CityGML as an official OGC Standard in August 2008. In late 2011, the OGC Members approved version CityGML 2.0.0. 

</doc>
<doc id="5981979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981979" title="Zhang Ti">
Zhang Ti

Zhang Ti (236–280), courtesy name Juxian (巨先), was the last chancellor of the state of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period. Zhang Ti, along with many other officials and generals, defended Eastern Wu from an invasion by the Jin Dynasty. Shen Ying offered to Zhang Ti to submit himself to Jin, but Zhang Ti ended up refusing the offer, saying he would not abandon his state in a time of crisis. Zhang Ti was later killed in action during the fall of his country in 280. Sun Hao surrendered Wu after Zhang Ti's death.

</doc>
<doc id="5981983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981983" title="Ron Karkovice">
Ron Karkovice

Ronald Joseph Karkovice (born August 8, 1963, in Union Township, Union County, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball catcher.
Drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 1st round of the 1982 MLB amateur draft, Karkovice would make his Major League Baseball debut with the Chicago White Sox on August 17, 1986, and appeared in his final game on September 26, 1997.
Early life.
When Karkovice was seven years old, his family moved to Florida after his father, who worked for United Airlines, was transferred. Karkovice later attended Boone High School in Orlando where he was teammates with fellow catcher Joe Oliver.
Career.
Ron was one of the best fielding catchers in the Major Leagues during his time with the White Sox. For his career, he threw out 41% of base stealers. In 1993, he threw out 54% of them.
In 1990, Karkovice hit an inside-the-park grand slam off of pitcher David West at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. He is currently the manager for the Camden Riversharks.
Ron was and still is a fan favorite in the city of Chicago for his stellar defensive play and ability to hit home runs. In 2008 a group of Chicago White Sox fans who were grew up watching Ron Karkovice, created an official Ron Karkovice fan club, the Ron Karkovice Invitational Fantasy Football League. The career of Ron is celebrated every August at the annual fantasy draft. Karkovice was inducted into the Ron Karkovice Invitational Hall of Fame in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5981991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5981991" title="Longview Lake">
Longview Lake

Longview Lake is a freshwater reservoir in parts of Kansas City, Lee's Summit, and Grandview, all in Jackson County, Missouri. The reservoir is part of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Little Blue River Project for flood control, recreation, and fish and wildlife conservation. The lake is located in the Longview Lake Park, which is managed by Jackson County Parks and Recreation. 
History.
The Little Blue River Project was authorized by the U.S. Congress in 1968. Thereafter the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers purchased a portion of Longview Farm, a location once known as "The World's Most Beautiful Farm."
Construction on the Longview Dam began in 1979 and was completed in 1985. The park opened in 1986, and draws an average of one million visitors per year.
Activities.
Longview Lake offers a variety of water recreation activities:
The surrounding Longview Lake Park presents opportunities for camping, golf, softball, equestrian activities, picnicking, hiking and biking, dog training, and radio-controlled aircraft flying. A popular seasonal activity is "Christmas in the Park". Over 300,000 bulbs and 175 animated figures set a festive holiday mood in a free drive-through. The event, first held in 1988, draws an estimated 200,000 visitors each holiday season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5982006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982006" title="Dud Lastrapes">
Dud Lastrapes

William Dudley Lastrapes, Jr., known as Dud Lastrapes (born November 30, 1929), is a Lafayette businessman who from 1980 to 1992 was the first Republican since Reconstruction to have served as mayor of his city, the fourth largest in Louisiana. 
Prior to his three-term mayoralty tenure, Lastrapes (pronounced LA STRAPS) was a member of the Lafayette Parish School Board from 1972 to 1980. After his mayoral service, Lastrapes served a term as chairman of the Louisiana Republican Party from 1992 to 1994. In 1997, Lastrapes was appointed to the Louisiana Gaming Control Board by then Republican Governor Murphy J. "Mike" Foster, Jr. He served until 2008 and was ineligible to have been reappointed. 
Lastrapes was originally a Democrat, but he switched his registration to Republican in 1959, when he was not quite thirty years of age. At the time, the state Republican Party had fewer than nine thousand registered members. Hence very few living Louisiana Republicans have been members of the party longer than Lastrapes.
Early years, education, military.
Lastrapes was born in New Orleans to William Dudley Lastrapes, Sr. (1897–1973), and the former Gertrude Schminke (1895–1985), but he was reared in Opelousas, the seat of St. Landry Parish in south Louisiana. The senior Lastrapes owned the Opelousas Credit Bureau and published the local "Legal Times". Lastrapes graduated from Opelousas High School in 1946. He then attended the University of Louisiana at Lafayette (previously known as Southwestern Louisiana Institute). In 1950, he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and communications.
Thereafter, in January 1951, Lastraps entered the U.S. Air Force for a full four-year stint. He was stationed in South Korea throughout 1953. He left the military with the rank of staff sergeant. He has been active in the Lafayette American Legion.
Occupation and family.
In 1955, Lastrapes went to work as a reporter and newscaster for the newly opened Lafayette television station KLFY-TV, Channel 10 (CBS). He left the station to go into radio but soon returned to KLFY as news director, a position that he maintained until 1970. 
In 1957, Lastrapes married the former Rhonda Rougelot (born 1936); she was also born in New Orleans but reared in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and thereafter Lafayette, where she finished high school. The Lastrapeses, who divorced in 1989, have two sons. William Dean Lastrapes (born 1958) is the head of the Department of Economics at the University of Georgia at Athens, where he lives with his wife and two children. Bryan James Lastrapes (born 1959) is senior vice president at QRI; he lives with his wife, twin daughters, and son in Houston, Texas.
In 1970, Lastrapes became a public relations officer of the former Guaranty Bank and Trust Company in Lafayette, later Chase Bank. In 1973, he went into the health and life insurance business. He worked in that capacity until he became mayor. He returned to his insurance business in 1992, after his mayoral service ended.
Lastrapes and Bowen.
Lastrapes was reelected to a second six-year term on the school board in 1978, but he left after two years to become mayor. In 1979, he ran for a state Senate seat in the nonpartisan blanket primary. Though he polled more than 10,000 votes, he finished third, and the seat was won in the general election by the pro-life Allen R. Bares (pronounced BAH REZ), who defeated fellow Democrat Pat Juneau, 54-46 percent. 
Lastrapes then filed, "while the iron was hot," to run for mayor. He defeated the incumbent Kenneth F. "Kenny" Bowen (1926–2002) in the jungle primary held in April 1980. Lastrapes polled 10,609 votes (50.3 percent) to take the mayoralty outright without the need for a general election under the unique Louisiana primary system that began operating in 1975. Bowen trailed with 5,649 votes (26.8 percent), while another Democrat, George Landry, finished with 4,839 votes (22.9 percent). 
Ironically, Bowen had been the unsuccessful Republican mayoral nominee in 1968. Bowen was defeated that year by 1,322 votes by the popular Democratic Mayor J. Rayburn Bertrand. Bowen was then elected in 1972, with 62 percent of the vote over three opponents in the then still closed Democratic primary. He was reelected in 1976. He won a third term in 1992 and succeeded Lastrapes, who did not seek reelection.
Mr. Republican Mayor.
Under the Lastrapes administration, Lafayette annexed some thirteen square miles of area. The city grew rapidly from 1980–1984, and then there was a slowdown in the important oil industry. Lafayette rebounded in the late 1980s and attracted some new industries and expansion of existing ones.
On March 18, 1983, Lastrapes recommended to the Lafayette City Council the construction of a four-lane river crossing at the Camellia Boulevard on the city's south side. After years of studies, protests, and delays, construction was completed in 2003. 
Lastrapes was reelected in 1984, when he defeated a city councilman. And he was reelected on March 8, 1988, when he narrowly derailed a strong a comeback attempt by Bowen. Lastrapes polled 13,424 votes (52 percent) to Bowen's 12,512 (48 percent). The mayoral election corresponded with the presidential primaries in Louisiana. 
In 1985, Lastrapes recommended a 2 percent sales tax increase; voters approved it, along with a bond referendum that included the Camellia bridge. There has not been a municipal sales tax hike since that time in Lafayette. The sales tax revenue was used to hire city employees and to start capital improvement projects at a time when few others in Lafayette were building or hiring, said Dee Stanley, chief administrative officer of the Lafayette Consolidated Government. (Lafayette, like Baton Rouge, now has a combined city-parish government.) "Mayor Lastrapes understood the necessity of hiring good, qualified people to work in government," Stanley said.
Lastrapes was also mayor when the $64 million Cajundome opened in 1985.
Lastrapes is also known as the mayor who hired many women in city government. Lewana Shearer, the head of Lafayette's city-parish risk management and insurance division, was hired in the Bowen municipal administration in 1979. She started as a claims investigator and worked her way through the ranks to risk manager. She considers the Lastrapes administration to have been "the best years of my career because he gave women the opportunity to shine."
Lastrapes was not, however, the first Republican mayor in Louisiana. Smaller towns like Zachary in East Baton Rouge Parish (Jack Breaux 1926-1980), Minden in Webster Parish (Tom Colten 1922-2004), and Haughton in Bossier Parish (Elizabeth O. Sherwin, born 1918) elected Republican mayors earlier. Alexandria had a Republican mayor by defection from 1972–1973, when Charles Edward "Ed" Karst switched parties in the last years of his single term. Karst did not remain Republican, however, as he later returned to the Democrats to seek a judicial position in Rapides Parish in 1978. 
Republicans have since served as mayor of Shreveport (Hazel Beard) and Baton Rouge (Bobby R. Simpson), but no Republican has won in New Orleans, Lake Charles, or Monroe or has been directly elected in Alexandria.
A Republican, Lester Joseph "Joey" Durel, Jr., reclaimed for his party the combined mayor/presidency of the City of Lafayette and Lafayette Parish in the 2003 jungle primary.
Lastrapes as party chairman.
Lastrapes was the second Lafayette Republican to serve as state party chairman in twenty years. Charles deGravelles had held the post from 1968–1972, during a difficult period for the Louisiana GOP. 
As chairman, Lastrapes was also at the helm when Louisiana Republicans were in a downcast mood after the return of Governor Edwin Washington Edwards to a fourth and final term as well as the first election of Bill Clinton as president. The Louisiana party held a convention in New Orleans in 1993, which was keynoted by former New York Congressman and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack French Kemp. (The 1988 national convention had also met in New Orleans.) Lastrapes had supported Kemp for the 1988 nomination. Kemp's failure to become a serious contender was perhaps Lastrapes' greatest personal political disappointment. 
Thereafter, Lastrapes worked to elect Vice President George Herbert Walker Bush as president, and he became a personal friend of the president. Bush carried Louisiana in the 1988 race, but not in 1992. In 1994, the GOP won control of both houses of Congress, and the mechanism was set in place to win the 1995 gubernatorial race to succeed Edwards. Then came a bitter GOP disappointment in the U.S. Senate race in 1996. The Lafayette Parish GOP rebounded to win the mayor-presidency race in 2003.
Lastrapes attended three Republican national conventions as a delegate pledged to Reagan: 1976 in Kansas City, 1980 in Detroit, and 1984 in Dallas. He also attended the 1992 conclave in Houston briefly as an observer.
One of Lastrapes' cousins through their common grandfather, Dr. William Robertson Lastrapes, Sr. (1869-1951), was Edward Taylor Lewis "Ned" Borie, Sr. (1927-2013), a chemical engineer in Baton Rouge. Borie was involved in grass roots Republican activities in East Baton Rouge Parish and was a delegate to the 1964 Republican National Convention in San Francisco, which nominated the Goldwater-Miller ticket. He died of head injuries sustained in a fall while on a family vacation in Italy.
Lastrapes' affiliations.
Lastrapes was listed in 1984 as a member of the Council for National Policy, a conservative think-tank begun by the Louisiana Republican (then a Democrat) Louis E. "Woody" Jenkins intended to be a balance to the Council on Foreign Relations. Another Louisiana Republican who joined the group was state Representative Arthur W. Sour, Jr., (1924–2000) of Shreveport, who legislative service parallels the mayoral years of Mayor Lastrapes. Still another was state Representative and later state Senator Dan Richey of Ferriday in Concordia Parish. 
A Roman Catholic, Lastrapes is a member of Lafayette Right-to-Life. He was formerly active in Little League baseball,when his sons were players. He is a veteran member of Rotary International. He is active in blood donor drives. He is also a cancer survivor.
Lastrapes analyzes GOP growth in Acadiana.
Years after leaving the mayor's position, Lastrapes was asked to give his take on why Republicanism took root in Acadiana. Here is his verbatim reply:
"Well, the oil industry brought in a lot of people. You know, this was not as homogenized, if you can say it that way, a group of people, or citizens, where it once was maybe 90 percent Cajun, 90 percent Catholic. A lot of that changed when the oil industry developed so strongly beginning in the fifties and people from Texas, Mississippi, Oklahoma, California, whatever, came into the state, many of them still here, and they became a pretty nice blend of oil industry and local Cajuns. And many married locally and so on. So you've had that blend over the years, and I think some influence came into play too, not that we don't have some conservative Cajuns; we do, a fair number, but the influence of a lot of the oil people coming from these states. It was mostly a conservative influence that had a little play on the flavor of politics locally, and still does to this day. I would say most, somebody would maybe challenge me, but I would say most of the people in the oil industry tend to be on the conservative side of politics and today mostly on the Republican side of politics."
References.
"Baton Rouge State-Times", April 19, 1980, 17B
"Alexandria Daily Town Talk", May 5, 1973; September 17, 1978
http://www.laota.com/NewsletterSummer2002.htm
http://www.theind.com/letters2.asp?CID=1655425922
http://www.louisiana.edu/Academic/LiberalArts/HiGe/OCS/1960-1990.htm
http://www.timesofacadiana.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060712/NEWS0102/607120313/1051
http://www.lafayettegov.org/PublicWorks/dpt530CamelliaTimeline.asp
http://www.timesofacadiana.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060712/NEWS01/607120305/1002/NEWS01
http://www.sos.louisiana.gov:8090/cgibin/?rqstyp=elcpr&rqsdta=03088828

</doc>
<doc id="5982017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982017" title="Einar Sagstuen">
Einar Sagstuen

Einar Sagstuen (born March 22, 1951) is a Norwegian cross country skier who competed during the 1970s.
He won the silver medal in the 4x10km relay at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.

</doc>
<doc id="5982020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982020" title="HMNZS Otago (F111)">
HMNZS Otago (F111)

HMNZS "Otago" (F111) was a Rothesay Class Type 12 Frigate, acquired from the Royal Navy before completion. She was launched on 11 December 1958 by Princess Margaret, and was commissioned into the Royal New Zealand Navy on 22 June 1960. 
She was named after the province of Otago in New Zealand, on the South Island and associated with the city of Dunedin.
Service history.
"Otago" took part in various SEATO (Southeast Asia Treaty Organization) deployments, and took part, with HMAS Supply in support and succeeded by HMNZS Canterbury, in a protest against French nuclear tests at Mururoa Atoll in 1973.
In a long refit in 74-5, her limbo mortars were replaced with Mk 32 torpedo tubes for Type 44/46 torpedoes thought more effective in short range a/s. Proposals to fit a hangar and landing pad without the complete reconstruction, done on the RN Rothesay class which had effectively required the ship to be split in half were rejected by the Rear Admiral on the grounds, ' nothing should be done that jeopardizes the RNZN case for a new combat ship' 
"Otago" continued as the 3rd combat ship in the 3 frigate fleet designated by the 1978 Defence Review.In the second half of 1979 it had another extensive refit, with its Seacat missile system ,repaired after breakage by using stored parts from the HMNZS Taranaki system. In early 1980 it deployed to Pearl harbour, and the West Coast of the United States and Canada for extensive exercises with the USN and RCN firing hundreds of round of 4.5 AA and surface shells,under command of Cmdr Karl Moen, who described the Otago as the 'one true fighting ship in the RNZN' with Ltd Cmdr Robert Martin as his second. Martin assumed command during a final 6 month refit, leaving the ship on 7 April 1982. Even at the time of the Falklands War, the Captain of Otago and the Minister of Defence, Peter Thompson, declared the ship to still be fully combat capable. Thompson, in a general debate in the house, attacked a 7/82 "Listener" article by I.Bradley, claiming the Captain had lost his eye for ship observation as photos in the "Listener" article clearly show a 'identical' (sic) RN Rothesay frigate, defending itself, in Falkland Sound. The frigate nevertheless become the RNZN training ship in 1983, and paid off into inactive reserve in November 1983. The vessel was sold for scrap in 1987 and broken up in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="5982031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982031" title="Keizo Hino">
Keizo Hino

He won the 1974 Akutagawa Prize for "Ano yūhi" ("The Evening Sun") and the 1986 Tanizaki Prize for . Born in Tokyo, he accompanied his parents to Korea, when the country was still under Japanese colonial rule. After the war, he returned to Japan, graduating from the University of Tokyo and joining the staff of the Yomiuri Shimbun, a leading Japanese newspaper, in 1952. He served as a foreign correspondent in South Korea and Vietnam before becoming a novelist. Though he is often described as an environmentalist author, the focus of much of his fiction is the urban physical environment. Hino's works are striking for being simultaneously autobiographical and surrealistic. His novel "Yume no Shima" has been translated into English by Charles De Wolf as "Isle of Dreams", and into German by Jaqueline Berndt and Hiroshi Yamane as "Trauminsel"; a short story, Bokushikan, has been translated into English by Charles De Wolf as The Rectory; another short story, Hashigo no tatsu machi 梯の立つ街, has been translated by Lawrence Rogers as "Jacob's Tokyo Ladder."

</doc>
<doc id="5982032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982032" title="Zhang Bu">
Zhang Bu

Zhang Bu (died 264) was a military general of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history. Zhang served as the Left General. Through the orders of the emperor Sun Xiu, Zhang, along with Right General Ding Feng, overthrew the regent Sun Chen in a coup. Zhang afterwards supported Sun Hao's ascent to the throne of Eastern Wu, but ended up being killed for criticizing the brutality of Sun Hao. Zhang was one of many that were executed by the hands of Sun Hao simply because they did not agree with his tyranny.

</doc>
<doc id="5982040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982040" title="François de Fossa">
François de Fossa

François de Fossa (31 August 1775 – 3 June 1849) was a French classical guitarist and composer.
Biography.
De Fossa was born in Perpignan. His father, also named François de Fossa, was one of the most important historians of the region of French Catalonia, known as the Roussillon. Guitarist and composer, and an officer in the French army. He travelled to Mexico in the 1790s. He translated Dionisio Aguado's method into French and arranged for its publication in Paris. He died in Paris, aged 73.
Works.
I. Allegro non tanto 
II. Largo cantabile 
III. Minuetto: Poco presto
IV. Rondo: Allegretto 
I Allegro 
II. Adagio 
III. Minuetto: Allegretto 
IV. Finale: Allegro 
I. Allegro 
II. Romance: Andante sostenuto
III. Minuetto: Allegro 
IV. Finale: Allegro

</doc>
<doc id="5982048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982048" title="Leahy-class cruiser">
Leahy-class cruiser

"Leahy" class cruisers were a class of guided missile cruisers built for the United States Navy. They were originally designated as Destroyer Leaders (DLG), but in the 1975 cruiser realignment, they were reclassified as guided missile cruisers (CG).
They were a new "double-ender" class fitted with Terrier (later Standard ER) missile launchers fore and aft, and the first and only frigate class designed without a main gun battery for shore bombardment or ship-vs.-ship engagements—the gun armament was reduced in order to carry a larger missile load. One of the principal missions of these ships, like their predecessors the Farragut class, was to form part of the anti-air and antisubmarine screen for carrier task forces, while also controlling aircraft from the carrier by providing vectors to assigned targets.
The ships carried over the propulsion plant of the Farragut class, fitted into a longer hull designed with a knuckled “hurricane” bow that reduced plunging in a rough sea, thus keeping the forecastle dry as needed to operate the forward missile launcher. Other features included an expanded electrical plant and increased endurance. A major design innovation was the use of "macks"—combined masts and stacks—on which the radars could be mounted without smoke interference.
Description.
The first three ships were constructed at Bath Iron Works, the next two at New York Shipbulding Corp, and the rest at Puget Sound Bridge and Dry Dock Company, Todd Shipyards, San Pedro, CA, San Francisco Naval Shipyard and Puget Sound Naval Shipyard.
Modernizations were accomplished between 1967 and 1972, upgrading air warfare capabilities. Nearly all modernizations were completed at Bath Iron Works, but "Leahy" received the modernization at Philadelphia Naval Shipyard at a cost of $36.1 million.
All Leahy class ships were modernized again in the late 1980s New Threat Upgrade program. This program added advanced air search and track radars (AN/SPS-49 and AN/SPS-48E), updated targeting radars (AN/SPG-55), and combat direction systems. The upgrade included massive remodeling of the ship from food service space rehabilitation to a main propulsion system overhaul. Entire systems were removed and replaced, for example the AN/SPS-40 air-search radar was replaced with the AN/SPS-49 air-search radar. The upgrade was also quite expensive and the ships didn't serve much longer after the modification. For example, USS "Gridley" (CG-21) received NTU in 1991 at a cost of $55 million, but was decommissioned in early 1994.
The Leahy class was taken out of service in the early 1990s, stricken from the naval register, and transferred to the maritime administration for disposal.
USS "Bainbridge".
"Bainbridge" (DLGN-25) was largely identical to the "Leahy"-class except for the replacement of her four steam boilers with two D2G reactors, and related increases in displacement, length and beam. "Bainbridge"'s engineering department carried 7 officers and 156 enlisted men—respectively 3 and 42 more than a contemporary steam-powered vessel.
The lessons learned on "Bainbridge" were later adapted to the next nuclear-powered ship, and the "California" and "Virginia" classes of nuclear-powered cruiser.

</doc>
<doc id="5982050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982050" title="Courtice Pounds">
Courtice Pounds

Charles Courtice Pounds (30 May 1862 – 21 December 1927), better known by the stage name Courtice Pounds, was an English singer and actor known for his performances in the tenor roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and his later roles in Shakespeare plays and Edwardian musical comedies.
As a young member of D'Oyly Carte, Pounds played tenor leads in New York and on tour in Britain and continental Europe. After being promoted to principal tenor at the Savoy Theatre, he created the principal tenor roles in "The Yeomen of the Guard", "The Gondoliers", "The Nautch Girl" and "Haddon Hall". After leaving the D'Oyly Carte company, Pounds was a prominent performer during the transition of light musical theatre from comic opera to musical comedy, creating roles in the West End in both genres between the 1890s and the 1920s. The new musical comedies in which he starred included the hits "Chu Chin Chow" and "Lilac Time".
Life and career.
Early years.
Pounds was born in Pimlico, London, the son of Charles Pounds, a builder, and his wife Mary Curtice, a well-known singer. He was educated at St. Mark's College, Chelsea. Pounds was a choirboy at St. Saviour's Church, Pimlico, and also sang at St. Stephen's Church, Kensington, and the Italian Church, Hatton Garden. When his voice broke, he went to work for his father, but continued to study music. He studied at the Royal Academy of Music and returned to St. Stephen's as tenor soloist. He also sang in variety at the Royal Aquarium theatre.
D'Oyly Carte years.
Pounds joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in 1881 in the chorus of the original production of Gilbert and Sullivan's "Patience", understudying the company's principal tenor, Durward Lely, for whom he went on in November 1881 at the new Savoy Theatre. The theatrical newspaper "The Era", and "The Morning Post" both singled him out as "a young tenor of high promise." He soon played the role of Mr. Wranglebury in the curtain raiser "Mock Turtles". Arthur Sullivan recognised Pounds's talent and persuaded him to remain with D'Oyly Carte rather than join Christy's Minstrels, from whom he had received an offer. At the end of 1882, Pounds began touring in "Iolanthe" in the leading tenor role of Earl Tolloller. In 1884, he toured as Prince Hilarion in the first provincial production of "Princess Ida", and in 1885 he toured as the Defendant in "Trial by Jury", a role he later played in numerous benefit performances in London and elsewhere. He also toured in the role of Ralph in "H.M.S. Pinafore".
In 1885, Pounds travelled to New York to play Nanki-Poo, in D'Oyly Carte's first American production of "The Mikado", in a cast that included George Thorne (Ko-Ko), Geraldine Ulmar (Yum-Yum) and Fred Billington (Pooh-Bah). After that, he toured in Germany and Austria as Nanki-Poo. In 1886, he returned to the Savoy to fill in for Lely for two weeks as Nanki-Poo, then rejoined the European touring company in Vienna.
Pounds then joined the company of John Stetson, the American manager, playing Hilarion and Nanki-Poo in authorised productions in New York. "The Era" wrote, "Mr Courtice Pounds sang the part of Hilarion in a very nice voice, acted it in a very nice way, looked nice enough to capture all the girls' hearts and was a very nice young man altogether." In 1887 he played Grosvenor in "Patience" in Boston. He then returned to England to rehearse Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera, "Ruddygore", performing in two matinee performances as Richard Dauntless, before sailing for New York again to play Richard there. Pounds stayed in New York to appear in Paul Lacome's "The Marquis" and Charles Lecocq's "Madelon".
In May 1888, Pounds returned to England to create the part of Colonel Fairfax in "The Yeomen of the Guard". His notices were excellent. "The Times" called him "a better actor and a better tenor than any of his predecessors." and "The Era" judged him "the most efficient tenor the Savoy has had … a pure tenor voice, artistic and pleasing … clever acting and a good stage appearance." "The Observer" called him "that "rara avis", a tenor able to act." He created several more lead roles at the Savoy: Marco in "The Gondoliers" in 1889; Indru in "The Nautch Girl" in 1891; the Rev. Henry Sandford in "The Vicar of Bray" in 1892; and John Manners in "Haddon Hall" later that year.
Pounds left the D'Oyly Carte company in 1892. He appeared for other West End managements as Vincent in "Ma Mie Rosette", by Paul Lacome and Ivan Caryll, also starring Jessie Bond (1892); as Ange Pitout in "La fille de Madame Angot" with Decima Moore (1893); as Connor Kennedy in Haydn Parry's "Miami" with Bond and Richard Temple (1893); and as Mark Mainstay in Howard Talbot's "Wapping Old Stairs" (1894).
Returning to D'Oyly Carte in 1894, Pounds played Picorin in "Mirette" and created the role of Count Vasquez de Gonzago in "The Chieftain" late in 1894. "The Morning Post" described him in this role as "the "jeune premier par excellence" of the operatic stage." In 1895 he went on tour briefly with D'Oyly Carte as Picorin, Vasquez, and the Rev. Henry Sandford before leaving D'Oyly Carte again. He then travelled to Australia, appearing in the first half of 1896 with J. C. Williamson's opera company in "Yeomen", "The Gondoliers", "Miss Decima", "The Vicar of Bray", and "Ma Mie Rosette".
West End leads.
In June 1896, Pounds returned to Britain. He toured as Mr. Shepherd in the musical comedy "Belinda" during the latter part of that year, and briefly played in music hall in January 1897, appearing at the Palace Theatre of Varieties, topping the bill on a cast that included Gus Elen. He also sang in concert at St. James's Hall with Marie Tempest and Ben Davies. In February, Pounds returned to the West End, playing Lancelot in Edmond Audran's "La Poupée", which ran until September 1898. Lancelot, a comic role, marked the beginning of Pounds's transition from juvenile leads to character and comedy parts in both straight and musical theatre. This was succeeded by two more comic operas, both by Justin Clérice: "The Royal Star", in which Pounds played Jack Horton, and "The Coquette", in which he played Michele.
Pounds continued to perform in comic opera and musicals. In 1900 he starred in a revival of "Dorothy". In 1903 he took the title role in Hervé's opéra bouffe "Chilpéric", and in 1905 he starred in "The Blue Moon". In 1912, he played the title role in Herbert Beerbohm Tree's production of Jacques Offenbach's "Orpheus in the Underground". In 1916 he appeared as Harry Benn in the premiere of Ethel Smyth's comic opera "The Boatswain's Mate", described by "The Manchester Guardian" as "something of a triumph for Miss Rosina Buckman and Mr. Courtice Pounds as well as for Dr. Ethel Smyth."
Shakespeare clowns and musical comedy leads.
In the first quarter of the 20th century, Pounds appeared regularly in London in a variety of roles ranging from Shakespeare to variety. He established himself as a popular Shakespearean character actor with Tree's company, as the clown Feste in "Twelfth Night" (1901), the preposterous Sir Hugh Evans in "The Merry Wives of Windsor", and Touchstone in "As You Like It" (1907), of which "The Times" said he "acts even better than he sings, which is, of course, saying a good deal." "The Manchester Guardian" wrote of him, "Courtice Pounds had all that Shakespeare asked of his clowns – the gift of song and a robustness of comedy that could change at will to a tender and poignant moment."
From the 1900s onwards, Pounds was also known for his performances in musical comedies. The first of these was Ivan Caryll's "The Cherry Girl" (1903), presented by Seymour Hicks, in which Pounds played Starlight. Prominent among his musical comedy roles were Papillon in "The Duchess of Dantzic" (1903), which he created in both London and New York; Hugh Meredith in "The Belle of Mayfair" (1906) by Basil Hood and Leslie Stuart, with his sister Louie in the cast; Ali Baba in the long-running "Chu Chin Chow" (beginning in 1916, he starred in the role for over 2,000 performances); and Franz Schubert in "Lilac Time" (1922–1924). Of the last, "The Times" commented, "Pounds is delightful as the moping composer". The musical theatre authority Kurt Gänzl writes that Pounds's performance in these roles proved him "the most complete and versatile singing actor of his age."
Pounds returned occasionally to variety, including a 1905 appearance at the London Coliseum on a bill that also starred Rutland Barrington. In 1910 Pounds branched out into production, mounting a musical comedy, "A Modern Othello" in Birmingham. He also appeared in a film, "The Broken Melody" (1916).
Family, personal life and death.
In 1927, Pounds's health gave way, and he was unable to perform. A fund was set up to provide for him, and fellow-artists giving their services in fund-raising included Seymour Hicks and his wife Ellaline Terriss, Evelyn Laye, Huntley Wright, Walter Passmore, Derek Oldham, Gertrude Lawrence, and Geoffrey Toye. More than £3,000 was raised.
Four of Pounds' sisters (Lily, Louie – a very successful actress in her own right – Nancy, and Rosy) appeared with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, and he was married to D'Oyly Carte performers Jessie Louise Murray (m. 1883) and, later, Millicent Pyne. The W. S. Gilbert scholar Brian Jones states that Pounds "seems to have had a roving eye". In an 1895 divorce case, evidence was introduced that the respondent Mary Hardie Lewis had had an affair with Pounds.
Pounds died in Kingston upon Thames, aged 65.
Recordings.
Pounds recorded several discs for HMV during World War I. With Rosina Buckman and Frederick Ranalow, he sang the trio "The first thing to do is to get rid of the body", from "The Boatswain's Mate", accompanied by the composer, Dame Ethel Smyth (all three singers had appeared in the world premiere performance of the opera). From the same opera, he recorded the ballad "When rocked on the billows". His other recordings of this period were Balfe's setting of Tennyson's "Come into the garden, Maud", "When a Pullet is Plump", from "Chu Chin Chow", "Song of the Bowl", from "My Lady Frayle", and, with Violet Essex, "Any time's kissing time", from "Chu Chin Chow". In 1923 he recorded four numbers from "Lilac Time" for Vocalion ("Dream Enthralling"; "I want to carve your name"; "The Golden Song"; and "Underneath the lilac bough") with Clara Butterworth and Percy Heming. His only Gilbert and Sullivan recording ("Is Life a Boon?", 1916) was never issued.

</doc>
<doc id="5982075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982075" title="Roman conquest of Hispania">
Roman conquest of Hispania

The Roman conquest of Hispania was a historical period that began with the Roman landing at Empúries in 218 BC and ended with the Roman conquest of the Iberian Peninsula, then Hispania, by Caesar Augustus after the Cantabrian wars in 19 BC. 
Long before the First Punic War, between the 8th and 7th centuries BC, the Phoenicians (and later the Carthaginians) had already appeared in the southern part of the Iberian Peninsula as well as in the East, to the south of the Ebro. Their numerous commercial settlements based throughout these coastal strips provided an outlet into Mediterranean commerce for minerals and other resources of pre-Roman Iberia. These installations consisting of little more than warehouses and wharves allowed not only exports, but also the introduction to the Peninsula of products manufactured in the Eastern Mediterranean. This had the indirect effect of the native peninsular cultures adopting certain Eastern characteristics.
During the 7th century BC, the Greeks established their first colonies on the northern Mediterranean coast of the peninsula. Setting off from Massalia (Marseille) they founded the cities of Emporion (Ampurias) and Rhode (Roses), although at the time they had already spread throughout the coastal commercial centers of the region without establishing a permanent presence. Part of this Greek commerce was nevertheless carried out by Phoenician shipping; Phoenician trade in the peninsula included articles both coming from and heading to Greece. As a commercial power of the Western Mediterranean, Carthage expanded its interests to the island of Sicily and the south of Italy. This growing influence over the region soon proved to be an annoyance for Rome. This conflict of commercial interests ultimately led to the Punic Wars of which the First Punic War ended in an unstable armistice. The mutual hostility led to the Second Punic War, which, after twelve years of conflict, resulted in effective Roman domination of the south and east of the Iberian Peninsula. Later, a decisive defeat for Carthage at Zama would wipe that city from the historical scene.
Despite having vanquished their rival Mediterranean power, the Romans still took another two centuries to bring the entire Iberian Peninsula under their control through an expansionist policy that earned the enmity of practically all of the tribes of the interior. The abuses to which these people were submitted is considered to be responsible for the strong anti-Roman sentiment throughout these nations. After years of bloody conflict, the indigenous people of Hispania were finally crushed by the military and cultural heel of Rome, thus disappearing from the face of history. However, in the Roman Empire people kept their ancestral identifications but also were loyal to the Roman state,
so even though the language became Latin, the 'gens' continued being local.
Carthaginian Iberia.
After the First Punic War, the Carthaginian family descending from Hamilcar Barca began the effective subjugation of Hispania which would extend over the greater part of the south and the west of the peninsula. This subjugation was achieved through tributes, alliances, marriages or simply by force. The peninsula would go on to supply Carthage with a significant number of troops — both mercenaries and draftees — that assisted in its confrontations with Ancient Rome as well as its reaffirmation of dominance over Northern Africa. The Romans considered this sufficient motive to invade Hispania. The Ilergetes (from Northeast Hispania) and the legendary Baleric Slingers particularly stood out amongst these troops coming from diverse tribes of the region.
The Saguntum Matter.
The Second Punic War between Carthage and Rome was ignited by the dispute over the hegemony of Saguntum, a hellenized coastal city and Roman ally. After great tension within the city government culminating in the assassination of the supporters of Carthage, Hannibal laid siege to the city of Saguntum in 218 BC. The city called for Roman aid, but the pleas fell on deaf ears. Following a prolonged siege and a bloody struggle in which Hannibal himself was wounded and the army practically destroyed, the Carthaginians finally took control of the city. Many of the Saguntians chose to commit suicide rather than face the subjugation and slavery that awaited them at the hands of the Carthaginians.
The war later continued with Hannibal's expedition to Italia. The damage wrought throughout the Italian Peninsula by this expedition provoked the Romans to invade the Iberian Peninsula in an attempt to cut off Hannibal's supplies coming from Hispania and Carthage.
The Roman attack.
Rome sent troops under the command of Gnaeus and Publius Cornelius Scipio. Gnaeus was the first to arrive in Hispania while his brother Publius turned towards Massalia with the goal of obtaining support and trying to halt the Carthaginian advance. Emporion, or Empúries, was the point where Rome began on the peninsula. Their first mission was to find allies among the Iberians. They signed treaties of alliance with Iberian tribal leaders on the coast but probably did not obtain support for their cause among the majority. One known example was the tribe of the Ilergetes, one of the most important north of the Ebro, who were allied with the Carthaginians. Gnaeus Scipio subjugated these tribes, either by treaty or through the forces of the coast north of the Ebro, including the city of Tarraco, where Gnaeus made his residence.
The war between Carthage and Rome.
The first important conflict between the Carthaginians and the Romans took place in Cissa in 218 BC, probably near Tarraco, in the present-day province of Lleida. The Carthaginians, commanded by Hanno the Elder, were defeated by Roman forces commanded by Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus. The leader of the Ilergetes Indíbil, who fought with the Carthaginians, was captured. But when Gnaeus' victory was certain, Hasdrubal Barca arrived with reinforcements and dispersed the Romans but did not defeat them. The Carthaginian forces returned to their capital of Cartago Nova (now Cartagena) and the Romans to their primary base at Tarraco.
In 217 BC, Gnaeus' fleet vanquished Hasdrubal Barca's on the mouth of the Ebro. Shortly afterward, reinforcements arrived from Italy under the command of Publius Scipio and the Romans were able to advance on Saguntum.
Gnaeus and Publius Scipio are attributed with the fortification of Tarraco and the establishment of a military port. The city wall was probably constructed over the front of an ancient wall; the marks of the Iberian stonemason can be appreciated, since the wall was constructed by hand.
In 216 BC, Gnaeus and Publius Scipio fought the Iberians, probably against tribes south of the Ebro. The Iberian attacks were repelled.
In 215 BC, the Carthaginians received reinforcements under the command of Himilco and fought again on the mouth of the Ebro, apparently near Amposta or Sant Carles de la Ràpita in the so-called Battle of Ebro River. The Roman fleet was victorious.
The rebellion of Syphax in Numidia required Hasdrubal to return to Africa with his best troops (214 BC), leaving his camp in Hispania to the Romans. In Africa, Hasdrubal secured the assistance of another Numidian king, Gala, lord of the region of Constantine. With the help of Gala and his son Masinissa, Hasdrubal defeated Syphax.
In 211 BC, Hasdrubal Barca returned to Iberia accompanied by Masinissa and his Numidian warriors.
Perhaps between 214 BC and 211 BC, Gnaeus and his brother Publius Cornelius Scipio overran the Ebro. We know for certain that in 211 BC the Scipio brothers counted among their army a strong contingent of Celtiberian mercenaries, composed of some thousands of combatants. The Celtiberians frequently acted as soldiers of fortune.
The Carthaginian forces were structured into 3 armies, commanded respectively by Hasdrubal Barca, Mago Barca, and Hasdrubal Gisco, the last son of the Carthaginian commander Hannibal Gisco, killed in the First Punic War. For their part, the Romans organized themselves into another three groups, commanded by Gnaeus and Publius Scipio, and also by Titus Fonteius.
Hasdrubal Gisco and Mago Barca, supported by the Numidian Masinissa, vanquished Publius Scipio and killed him. Gnaeus Scipio had to retreat to the desert with his Celtiberian mercenaries to whom Hasdrubal offered a sum greater than that paid by Rome. Gnaeus died during the withdrawal and the Carthaginians were at the point of crossing the Ebro River when an official named Gaius Marcius Septimus, elected general by the troops, repelled them. The circumstance of this battle is uncertain but we know that Indibilis fought again against the Carthaginians. The battle took place in 211 BC.
In 210 BC an expedition under Gaius Claudius Nero was able to capture Hasdrubal Barca but he went back on his word and retreated dishonorably.
The Roman Senate decided to send a new army to the Ebro to prevent the Carthaginian army from crossing into Italy. Leadership of this force was given to Publius Scipio, the son of the general of the same name who had died in combat in 211 BC.
Publius Scipio (the younger) arrived in Hispania accompanied by Marcus Junius Silanus (who would succeed Claudius Nero) and his advisor Caius Lelius, chief of the group.
Upon his arrival the three Carthaginian armies found themselves in this situation: Hasdrubal Barca's army was in the area around the origin of the Tajo; the army of Hasdrubal, son of Gisco, was situated in Lusitania near modern Lisboa; and Mago's army was in the area near the Strait of Gibraltar.
Publius Scipio in an audacious move, left the camp on the Ebro, and attacked Carthago Nova by land and sea. The Punic peninsular capital was given an insufficient defense force under the command of a new leader who was also called Mago, had to surrender, and the city was occupied by the Romans. Publius Scipio returned to Tarraco before Hasdrubal could move out of his camp on the Ebro.
After this daring operation, a large part of Hispania Ulterior was subdued by Rome. Publius Scipio attracted various Iberian chiefs until then allied with the Carthaginians, such as Edeco (an enemy of Carthage since his wife and children were taken as slaves), Indibil (for the same reason), and Mandonius (who had been attacked by Hasdrubal Barca).
In the winter of 209 and 208 BC Publius Scipio advanced south and collided with the army of Hasdrubal Barca (who at the time was advancing north) near Santo Tomé in the hamlet of Baecula where the Battle of Baecula took place. Publius Scipio was victorious, but he did not prevent Hasdrubal Barca from escaping to the north with a sizable remainder of his troops. In his northern march, Hasdrubal arrived at the passes of the western Pyrenees.
So it is known that Hasdrubal crossed the Pyrenees through the country of the Basques. He probably tried to make an alliance with them, and in this case, the Basques lacked the means to oppose the Carthaginian advance. Hasdrubal camped in the south of the Galias and later passed into Italy (209 BC).
In 208 BC, Mago Barca retreated with his forces to the Balearic Islands and Hasdrubal Gisco supported him in Lusitania.
In 207 BC, the reorganized Carthaginians and their reinforcements left Africa under Hannon's leadership managing to recover most of the south of the peninsula. After Hannon subdued this region, Mago returned with his forces and met with Hasdrubal Gisco. But soon after Hannon and Mago were defeated by the Romans led by Marcus Silanus. Hannon was captured, and Hasdrubal Gisco and Mago had to fortify their armies at the most important places.
Hasdrubal Gisco and Mago Barca received new reinforcements from Africa in (206 BC), and for their part recruited an army of natives. They gave battle to the Romans at Ilipa (modern Alcalá del Río in Sevilla province), but on this occasion Publius Scipio Africanus clearly obtained victory. Mago and Hasdrubal Gisco took refuge in Gades, and Publius Scipio gained control over the entire south of the peninsula. He could cross to Africa and meet the Numidian king Syphax who had visited him in Hispania.
Publius Scipio fell ill, which was taken advantage of by the army as an opportunity to demand higher wages by the Mutiny at Sucro. This in turn was taken advantage of by the Ilergetes and other Iberian tribes who rebelled under the leadership of the chiefs Indibilis and Mandonius (of the Ausetani). This rebellion was essentially against proconsuls L. Lentulus and L. Manlius. Publius Scipio appeased the mutineers and put down a final bloody revolt by the Iberians. Mandonius was caught and executed (205 BC); Indibil managed to escape.
Mago and Hasdrubal Gisco abandoned Gades with all of their ships and their troops to support Hannibal in Italy, and after the departure of these forces, Rome held the entire south of Hispania. Rome now ruled from the Pyrenees to Algarve along the coast. Roman dominance reached Huesca and from there, the Ebro to the south and the sea to the east.
The wars of conquest.
From 197 B.C. onward, the part of the Iberian Peninsula that fell under Roman control was divided into two provinces: Hispania Citerior to the north (the future Hispania Tarraconensis with Tarraco as its capital) and Hispania Ulterior to the south with capital Córdoba. The two provinces were governed by two biannual proconsuls.
In the same year of 197, the Citerior province was the scene of a rebellion by the Iberian and Ilergete communities. The Proconsul Quinto Minucio had considerable difficulty controlling those rebellions. The Ulterior province escaped Roman control when its governor died as the local "turdetano" people were rebelling. In 195 B.C., Rome was forced to send the consul Marcus Cato. He arrived in Hispania to find the Citerior province in full rebellion with Roman forces controlling only a few fortified cities. Cato quelled the rebellion in summer of the same year and reestablished control over the province, but he failed to endear himself to the natives or Celtiberians who acted as paid mercenaries for the "turdetanos". After making a show of force by passing the Roman legions through Celtiberian territory, Cato convinced them to return to their homes. However, the natives' submission proved superficial because when rumors spread that Cato would soon depart for Italy, the rebellion reignited. Cato acted decisively once again, conquering the rebels and selling the instigators off into slavery. The native population was totally disarmed. Cato returned to Rome with great fanfare from the Roman Senate. He brought with him an enormous war chest of over 11,000 kilos of silver, 600 kg of gold, 123,000 denarii, and 540,000 silver coins, all of which was taken from the Hispanic peoples in the course of his military actions. He fulfilled his promise to Rome before beginning the campaign that "the war will pay for itself."
A later proconsul of Hispania, Marcus Fulvius Nobilior, would fight other rebellions as well. 
The next major Roman step was the conquest of Lusitania with two crushing victories: one in 189 B.C. won by proconsul Lucius Aemilius Paulus, and a more dubious one by the pretor/proconsul Caius Calpurnius in 185.
The central region of the peninsula, called Celtiberia, was officially conquered in 181 B.C. by Quintus Fabius Flaccus. He bested the local Celtiberian people and claimed control of several territories. But the real work was done by Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus from 179 to 178 when he conquered thirty cities and villages. He took some by sheer force and others by exploiting rivalries between the Celtiberians and the Vascones to the north. His alliances with the Vascons would facilitate the Roman domination of Celtiberia.
By this time, some of the Basque cities and villages may have already been subject to Rome, but at any rate a significant number of Basque holdings came into the Roman Empire voluntarily through alliance. Tiberius Sempronius Graccus founded a new city named Gracurris on top of the existing city of Ilurcís (probably the modern-day Alfaro in La Rioja or Corella in Navarre). It was built of standard Roman construction and it appears to have housed several disorganized Celtiberian groups. The city would have been founded in roughly 179 B.C. according to references in later writings. The foundation of this city marks the end of the Celtiberian civilization and the consolidation of Roman influence in the area.
Graccuris would prove to be situated in the middle of a region that would be hotly contested between the Celtiberians and Vascons. The area roughly corresponds to the modern Ebro River Valley. Tiberius Sempronius Graccus was probably responsible for the majority of the treaties signed with the two groups. The treaties generally established a tribute from the surrounding cities to be paid in silver or other products of the earth. Each city had to supply a predetermined amount of men for the army, and only a select few cities had the right to issue currency. 
Yet the inhabitants of cities subdued by force were almost never tribute-paying subjects: when they offered resistance to the Romans and were defeated, they were sold as slaves. Those who surrendered before an outright conquest were recognized as citizens of their respective cities were denied Roman citizenship.
When cities subjugated themselves freely, the inhabitants became citizens, and the cities retained their municipal autonomy and at times, were exempt from taxes.
The proconsuls (also called "pretores" or "propretores"), that is, the provincial governors, adopted the custom of making themselves rich at their subjects' expense. Forced gifts and abuses were the norm. During their excursions, the proconsul and other functionaries were to be housed for free; at times they would confiscate a home. The proconsul would impose low prices on provisions of grain, for their own needs and those of the functionaries and their families, and at times also for their soldiers.
The resulting complaints became so strong that the Roman Senate, after hearing from an embassy of provincial Hispanics, released in 171 BC some laws of control:
Tributes could not be collected by means of the military; cereal payments were permissible but proconsuls could not gather more than a fifth of the harvest; the proconsul was prohibited to fix the prices of grains on his own; petitions in support of popular holidays in Rome were limited; and the contribution of contingents for the army was maintained. However, like the judgement of the proconsuls that had committed abuses corresponding to the Senate through the proconsul of the city, it was rare that a proconsul was judged.
Viriathus and the Lusitanian Rebellion.
Lusitania was probably the area of the peninsula that resisted the Roman invasion for the longest time. Until the year 155 BC, the Lusitanian chief Punicus made raids into the part of Lusitania controlled by Rome, ending with the twenty-year peace made by the former praetor Sempronius Gracchus. Punicus obtained an important victory against the praetors Manilius and Calpurnius, inflicting 6,000 casualties.
After the death of Punicus, Caisaros took charge of the fight against Rome, vanquishing the Roman troops again in 153 BC, revealing his banner in the battle, which triumphantly showed to the rest of the Iberian peoples how to display the vulnerability of Rome. At the time, the Vetones and Celtiberians had united in resistance, leaving the situation for Rome in this area of Hispania somewhat precarious. Lusitanians, Vetones and Celtiberians raided the Mediterranean coasts, while in order to secure their position on the Peninsula, they were deployed to North Africa. It was in this year that two new consuls arrived in Hispania, Quintus Fulvius Nobilior and Lucius Mummius. The urgency of restoring dominion over Hispania made the two consuls enter into battle within two and a half months. The Lusitanians sent to Africa were defeated at Okile (modern Arcila in Morocco) by Mummius, who forced them to accept a peace treaty. For his part, the consul Serbius Sulpicius Galba made a peace treaty with three of the Lusitanian tribes, and then, pretending to be a friend, killed the youth and sold the rest of the people to Gaul.
Nobilior was replaced in the following year (152 BC) by Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 166 BC). He in turn was succeeded in 150 BC by Lucius Lucullus who was distinguished by his cruelty and infamy.
In 147 BC, a new Lusitanian leader named Viriathus rebelled against the Roman forces. He had fled from Serbius Sulpicius Galba three years earlier, and, reuniting the Lusitanian tribes again, Viriathus began a guerrilla war that fiercely struck the enemy without giving open battle. He commanded many campaigns and arrived with his troops at the Murcian coasts. His numerous victories and the humiliation he inflicted upon the Romans made him worthy of the permanent place he holds in Portuguese and Spanish memory as a revered hero who fought without respite. Viriathus was assassinated about 139 BC by Audax, Ditalcus and Minurus, probably paid off by the Roman General Marcus Popillius Lenas. With his death, the organized Lusitanian resistance did not disappear but Rome continued to expand into the region.
The war against the Celtiberian peoples.
Between 135 and 132 BC, Consul Decimus Junius Brutus brought about an expedition to Gallaecia (north of Portugal and Galicia). Almost simultaneously (133 BC) the Celtiberian city Numantia, the last bastion of the Celtiberians, was destroyed. This was the culminating point of the war between the Celtiberians and the Romans between 143 BC and 133 BC; the Celtiberian city had been taken by Publius Cornelius Scipio Æmilianus, when the opportunity was too much to resist. The Celtiberian chiefs committed suicide with their families and the rest of the population was sold into slavery. The city was razed.
For more than a century the Vascones and Celtiberians fought over the rich land of the Ebro River Valley. The Celtiberian Calagurris, today Calahorra, probably carried the weight of the struggle, helped by tribal alliances; the Vascones likely had a fairly important settlement situated on the other side of the Ebro, in an area across from Calagurris, which also gained the support of Vascones from other places. The Celtiberians surely shouldered most of the load in the conflict destroying the Vascones' city and occupying lands on the other side of the Ebro. 
But the so-called "Celtiberians" were enemies of Rome, and the Basques were Rome's allies (which was reasonable for strategic reasons). When Calagurris was destroyed by the Romans it was repopulated with Basques. It was probably the first Basque city on the other side of the river, destroyed before by the Celtiberians (who had occupied their lands north of the Ebro), and by other Basques.
In 123 BC, the Romans occupied the Balearic Islands, establishing a settlement there of three thousand Latin-speaking Hispanics. The fact that they were able to do this gives an impression of the profound cultural influence Rome projected on the Peninsula in just a century.
The civil wars.
Hispania was party to the political and military disputes of the Roman Republic's final years when Quintus Sertorius clashed with the aristrocatic party headed by Sulla in 83 BC. Upon losing in Italy, Quintus took refuge in Hispania continuing the war against the Roman government and establishing a complete government system in Huesca. Finally it was Pompey who, after several raid attempts in Hispania, finished with Quintus Sertorius more by using political intrigue than military force. Subsequently it was peninsular support for Pompey that caused a new war in Hispania between his followers and the followers of Julius Caesar. This war ended in 49 BC with Julius Caesar's victory.
Julius Caesar and the war against Pompey.
Julius Caesar invaded Hispania as part of his war against Pompey for control of Rome. Pompey fled to Greece and Caesar aimed to eliminate his base of support in the west and isolate him from the rest of the Empire. His forces clashed with those of Pompey's supporters at the Battle of Ilerda (Lerida) achieving a victory that opened the ports of the Peninsula. Finally, Pompey's forces were defeated at the Munda in 45 BC. One year later, Caesar was assassinated at the doors of the Roman Senate and his great-nephew Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus, later named Augustus, was named consul after a brief war against Mark Antony, and later gained power that finally transformed the crumbling Roman Republic into the Roman Empire.
Last stage of the conquest: the Cantabrian Wars.
During the reign of Caesar Augustus, Rome waged a bloody conflict in the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula against the last independent nations of Hispania: the Cantabri, the Astures, and the Gallaeci. These warlike peoples presented fierce resistance to Roman domination: ten years of war (29-19 BC) and eight legions with their auxiliary troops —more than 50.000 soldiers in total— were needed to subdue the region. 
The Emperor himself moved to Segisama (modern Sasamon, Burgos), to supervise the campaign personally. The major fighting was completed in 19 BC, although there were minor rebellions until 16 BC and the Romans had to station two legions (X "Gemina" and IIII "Macedonica") there for seventy more years.
With the end of this war, the long years of civil wars and wars of conquest ended in the territories of the Iberian Peninsula, beginning a long era of political and economic stability in Hispania.

</doc>
<doc id="5982088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982088" title="C. Bernard Ruffin">
C. Bernard Ruffin

C. Bernard Ruffin (born 1947) is an American non-fiction writer who has written many books on religious subjects. He currently resides in Reston, Virginia where he taught history for twenty-five years at South Lakes High School. He is Pastor at Holy Comforter Lutheran Church in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="5982091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982091" title="Theodore Hyrtakenos">
Theodore Hyrtakenos

Theodore Hyrtakenos, Latinized as Theodorus Hyrtacenus (), was a court official of the Byzantine Empire. He flourished in the time of the Andronikos II Palaiologos (r. 1282-1328), where he was the superintendent of the public teachers of rhetoric and "belles lettres". Ninety-three of his letters, a congratulatory address, and three of his funeral orations are extant. Their stilted rhetoric hinders their address, but they speak towards an extensive acquaintance with ancient poetry. Also extant are a panegyric on the Virgin Mary, a panegyric on Aninas Thaumaturgus, and a description of the garden of Saint Anna in Nazareth.

</doc>
<doc id="5982108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982108" title="Nogatco Rd.">
Nogatco Rd.

Nogatco Rd. is the eighth album by Kool Keith, the first under the alter-ego Mr. Nogatco. The album was produced by Iz-Real Vasquetelle.
The album art was created by Gregory Titus.
Dr. Octagon spelled backwards = Nogatco Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="5982109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982109" title="Brad Leighton">
Brad Leighton

Brad Leighton (born June 12, 1962) is a former NASCAR driver. He competed in five career Busch Series events in his career.
Leighton made his career debut at New Hampshire International Speedway in May 1997, running the #5 Chevy owned by Terry Labonte. He started the race in 30th and only managed to move to 27th by the end of the day after a late crash. However, Leighton did lead one lap—an impressive stat in his first career start.
In 1999, Leighton made four more starts, all for BACE Motorsports. In his season debut, he finished 34th at Nazareth Speedway despite fatigue. He was last at Watkins Glen due to transmission failure, 37th at Milwaukee and 36th at IRP. Not only was Milwaukee the only race he finished in 1999, it was the site of his best career start, at 23rd.
Leighton's poor results, however, led to his lack of a ride for 2000, and he has not raced in the NASCAR Busch Series/Nationwide Series since. He however had had a productive career in the Busch North Series, winning back-to-back championships in 1999 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5982114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982114" title="Driving Force (TV series)">
Driving Force (TV series)

Driving Force is an American reality television program which premiered July 17, 2006, on A&E, and ended on May 15, 2007. It was centered around champion drag racer John Force and his daughters, also drag racers.
Synopsis.
John Force is one of the most dominant drivers in drag racing, having compiled 119 career victories and 13 NHRA championships by the start of the show's first season (he has since increased these totals to 138 and 16, respectively, as of the 2013 NHRA season). The show is reality-based, following John in his day-to-day life of juggling his business and his personal life. His wife, Laurie Force, managed contracts for his racing team, most notably landing the Wendy's restaurant sponsorship. When their children were born, she decided to be a stay at home mom, to give their daughters a more traditional upbringing. John and Laurie's daughters are (ages during season 1):
John's oldest daughter, Adria Force Hight (wife of John Force Racing driver Robert Hight), was born from a previous marriage, and while not featured on the series, has managed the finances for John Force Racing since she was 20 years old. However, now the three younger daughters have decided to follow in their father's footsteps, competing as drivers for his company. Ashley, named Rookie of the Year in Top Alcohol Dragster, now competes in the third John Force Racing Funny Car. Brittany and Courtney compete in lower-level classes.
The show centers mostly around John Force now reconnecting with his daughters, having missed much of their younger childhoods due to his career. Now that his company has become one of the leading companies in the racing series, he wants to spend more quality time with his family. In doing so, he often becomes frustrated with his daughters' spending sprees, believing that they do not understand the value of money. In one episode, he takes them to the trailer where he was raised in relative poverty, pointing out his happiness there due to his loving and hard-working parents.
Ashley is fiercely competitive, and a talented driver. Brittany is the most rebellious of the three. She and her father clash often, but ultimately it becomes obvious that he respects her spirited nature. Courtney races because she enjoys it, but doesn't let it control her life at the cost of her school activities. All of his daughters insist that an education should come before racing, a notion reinforced by Laurie.
Although the series has the backdrop of the racing circuit, and his full support of his daughters career choices, it takes on a comical side when showing him trying to reconnect with being a father, and his often comical reactions to being the father of four very spirited and strong-willed girls. The show debuted on July 17, 2006, and gained steady momentum.
The show begins with a montage, with a voice-over by Force stating: ""You know, I've been racing for 30 years . . . I've won 13 championships . . . I've been on fire from here to Australia . . . but NOTHING . . . could prepare me . . . for having daughters."" After Force won his 14th Funny Car Championship, the opening changed accordingly.
The series was renewed for a second season, but A&E confirmed that the show would not return for a third. The season 1 DVD is available on the John Force Racing website.
The show's theme song is "Woman" by Australian band Wolfmother.
Criticism over Season 2 premiere.
Season 2 premiered March 27, 2007 to criticism from some fans due to a racing accident just prior to its airing.
On March 19, 2007, John Force Racing driver Eric Medlen crashed heavily and suffered severe head injuries during testing a day after the Gatornationals at Gainesville Raceway in Florida. Medlen died on March 23 after being taken off life support. It was later learned a tire failure and side-to-side oscillation in the crash which caused the fatal head injuries, a problem which Force and driver safety group president Kenny Bernstein have been working to fix.
The entire motorsports community was in mourning and Medlen's memorial service was being held March 27, with an official funeral being held the next day.
Some fans criticized the decision to continue with the season premiere on its scheduled day, instead of delaying the premiere of the second season temporarily and replacing the episode with a Season One episode featuring Medlen as a tribute.
Season 2 was dedicated to Medlen. The series ended with its 24th episode, "The Real Deal", on May 15, 2007.
Revival.
At a press conference on September 12, 2013 in Charlotte, North Carolina, John Force announced the hiring of JMI, Octagon, and Rogers & Cowan Marketing and Entertainment Companies to help rebrand John Force Racing after losing Castrol and Ford as sponsors after the 2014 NHRA Season. Part of the rebranding effort will include a revival of "Driving Force", though under a different name, and focusing more on Courtney and Brittany than the previous iteration of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="5982115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982115" title="Pisaura mirabilis">
Pisaura mirabilis

The nursery web spider Pisaura mirabilis is a spider species of the family Pisauridae.
It was described in chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar by the Swedish arachnologist and entomologist Carl Alexander Clerck.
Description.
The male is between 10–13 mm, while the female is 12–15 mm.
Mating system.
Males of this species offer a nuptial gift to potential female mates. Some "Pisaura mirabilis" have also been observed to use thanatosis during courtship. After presenting the nuptial gift to the female, as part of the courtship, the female bites on to the gift and the male moves to her epigyne to deposit sperm via inserting his pedipalps. Throughout the corpulation, the male keeps a leg on the gift, so as to be ready if she tries to escape with the gift, or attack him. It is in the latter situations that the male will sometimes (but not always) feign dead. His limbs become straight, and he is dragged along with the female, while holding on to the gift. When the female finally stops, the male will slowly "ressurrect" and will continue attempting to mate. The mating strategy of thanatosis in "Pisaura mirabilis" has been observed to significantly increase the male's odds of successfully achieving copulation, from less than 30% to 89%.

</doc>
<doc id="5982121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982121" title="Joel Hunter">
Joel Hunter

Joel Carl Hunter (born April 18, 1948 in Shelby, Ohio), is the senior pastor of Northland, A Church Distributed, a congregation of 20,000 that worships at three sites in Central Florida and at more than 1,000 sites worldwide via interactive webcast, iPhone, and Facebook. He is the author of "A New Kind of Conservative" (Regal 2008), "Church Distributed" (Distributed Press 2008) and "Inner State 80: Your Journey on the High Way" (Higher Life 2009). Hunter accepted the presidency of the Christian Coalition in 2006, and then resigned before formally acting in that role because the CC board felt that a broadening of agenda to include topics like poverty, justice and other compassion issues would alienate its base. 
He delivered the closing benediction on the final day of the 2008 Democratic National Convention, prayed with Senator Obama on the day of the 2008 presidential election and offered a blessing for President-elect Obama at the Pre-Inaugural Worship Service at St. John's Church on January 22, 2009. On February 5, 2009, he was appointed to the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. In April 2011, he was named a member of the Commission on Accountability and Policy for Religious Organizations.
Biography.
Hunter was born April 18, 1948 in Shelby, Ohio. His parents were Wilbur Hunter, a decorated World War II veteran, and Jean Hunter, a homemaker. When his father died in 1952, he spent much of his time with his maternal grandparents, Lena and Carl Bashore. He graduated from Shelby High School in 1966 the president of his class and captain of the football team.
He then attended Ohio University. While there, he became involved in the civil rights movement In April 1968, after the assassination of Martin Luther King, he had a crisis of faith and felt called into ministry. He graduated from Ohio University with a Bachelor of Science degree in education.
He then attended Christian Theological Seminary in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1970, and received his Master of Divinity in 1973. After starting towards his Doctor of Ministry degree, he took his first church appointment as a youth minister at Bradley United Methodist Church in Greenfield, Indiana. There he met his wife, Becky. He stayed at Bradley for one year, and then became a minister at Southport United Methodist and remained there until obtaining his Doctor of Ministry degree in 1974. His thesis, in the field of culture and personality, was about equipping people for ministry. After graduation he became pastor at Mount Auburn United Methodist Church in Greenwood.
The Hunters are parents to three sons: Joshua, CEO of Hunter Vision; Joel, an ophthalmic surgeon who specializes in 3D LASIK and cataracts; and Isaac, a former pastor (1977-2013). The Hunters have six grandchildren: Noah, Jada, Ella, Lincoln, Luke and Ava (2004-2010).
Northland Church.
In 1985, he moved to Northland Community Church in Longwood, just north of Orlando, Florida, that was looking for a senior pastor. He flew to Orlando to interview at Northland.
Northland Community Church had been started in 1972 by 11 people in the "north land" of Orlando. By 1985, the church had a weekly attendance of 200 people. Over the next two decades the church grew to an average weekly attendance of more than 10,000 people. Eventually transformed from a “community church” into to a “church distributed”, Northland has been consistently named among "Outreach" magazine's 100 Largest and Fastest-Growing U.S. Churches. "Ministry Today" magazine highlighted Northland's facilities as one of the "most innovative church buildings in America."
The Distributed Church.
The increasing numbers of worshipers after September 11, 2001, that forced Northland to create its first fully interactive multisite location at a nearby High School . Through fiber-optic cable, Northland was able to have a worship service at both locations. Duets were sung between singers half a mile apart, and Scripture read by either congregation was able to be heard in real time at both sites.
Northland replicated the multisite worship service in several different locations, and now holds concurrent worship services with more than a thousand congregants in Mount Dora, West Oaks, and Oviedo, Florida. The same technology has allowed the church to hold concurrent interactive services with partner churches in Windhoek, Namibia; Kiev, Ukraine; and Cairo, Egypt.
To more fully realize the potential of a truly distributed church, Northland opened a new facility in August 2007. The $43 million, 3,100-seat building features technology that enables it to be a hub capable of transmitting enormous amounts of data each weekend to sites around the world. Today, a growing segment of Northland’s congregation has never set foot inside the church building. Up to 4,000 worldwide now participate in Northland’s worship services online every weekend. Online worshipers participate in services via live webcast and have many ways to interact with the church and with one another, including instant online access to a pastor and the ability to chat with other worshipers. In 2009 this live worship tool also became accessible via iPhone and 2010 Northland worship services went live on Facebook.
Creation Care.
Hunter was asked in February 2006 to sign the Evangelical Climate Initiative, a document recognizing global warming based on the findings of the Nobel Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). Fellow signatories included Rick Warren, the presidents of 39 Christian colleges, and the president of the Salvation Army. In the spring of 2006, he was asked to host a TV advertisement by the group . In the summer of 2006 and 2008, Hunter was invited to symposiums on creation care at Windsor Castle where he heard from, among others: theologian N. T. Wright; former chairman of the IPCC, Sir John Houghton; and Prince Charles. He has since been named by Grist Magazine as one of the top 15 religious leaders in creation care, along with Pope Benedict XVI and the Dalai Lama.
Hunter and the Christian Coalition.
Hunter was asked in July 2006 to become the next president of the Christian Coalition. The group was started in 1988 by Pat Robertson and grew in influence throughout the early 1990s to a base of 1.2 million members and a revenue of $26.5 million in 1996. Hunter accepted the position of president-elect of the organization. Before assuming the presidency in January 2007, he declined the post, saying the group resisted his efforts to broaden its agenda beyond gay marriage and abortion into creation care and the alleviation of poverty.
The Democratic National Convention and President Obama.
Hunter provided the closing benediction to the Democratic National Convention in 2008. 
On January 20, 2009, Hunter offered a blessing over President-Elect Obama during an intimate, pre-inauguration service held at St. John's Episcopal Church, located on Lafayette Square across from the White House. The service is a tradition for those about to become President. 
At the service at St. John’s, Hunter prayed the following blessing over the nation’s 44th President. 
President’s Advisory Council on Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships.
Dr. Hunter served in the inaugural year on the President’s Advisory Council on Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, which advises President Barack Obama on substantive policy issues, including interfaith relations, strengthening the role of fathers in society and reducing the number of abortions. He continues as a spiritual advisor to the President.
The advisory council was introduced February 5, 2009, to coincide with the National Prayer Breakfast and the appointment of Pastor Joshua DuBois as head of the council.

</doc>
<doc id="5982123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982123" title="Modern Maximum">
Modern Maximum

The Modern Maximum refers to the period of relatively high solar activity which began with Solar Cycle 15 in 1914. It reached a maximum in Cycle 19 during the late 1950s and may have ended with Cycle 23 in 2000 as Cycle 24 is recording, at best, very muted solar activity. This period is a natural example of solar variation, and one of many that are known from proxy records of past solar variability. The Modern Maximum reached a double peak once in the 1950s and again during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="5982124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982124" title="Mark Lutz (actor)">
Mark Lutz (actor)

Mark Douglas Lutz (born February 14, 1970) is a Canadian actor, who is best known for playing Groosalugg in the television series "Angel" and for writing and starring in the two-hour film on the life and death of Victor Davis.
He also guest starred in "Friends".
Early life.
Lutz was born in Montreal, Quebec. At the age of 13, he moved to Hong Kong and he lived there for 5 years before moving to Toronto. Mark attended the University of Guelph and graduated with an Honours BA in Political Science.
His swimming career was highlighted by setting Ontario High School records and swimming internationally for his country, including World Cups and the Olympic trials.
Career.
Lutz starred in a biopic about the late Canadian Olympic swimmer Victor Davis. As well as starring in it, he also wrote the script and co-produced it. "VICTOR" was filmed in 2007 and was telecast on Sunday, January 13, 2008 on CBC Television.
Lutz also appeared as the Groosalugg "Groo" on the TV series "Angel".
Lutz played James on the "Ghost Whisperer".

</doc>
<doc id="5982130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982130" title="Chakrala">
Chakrala

Chakrala and is located 10 miles (16 km) away from the Mianwali Talagang road at 32°6'0N 72°22'0E. The area has been predominantly inhabited by Awan tribes for the last six centuries.
Dhoke Sher Baz of Malik Haji SherBaz is the famous place of Chakrala.
Location
Chakrala is located at 32°49' N, 71°52' E, over the Potohar. A remote village in the district of Mianwali, Pakistan, it is the political and cultural hub of the area called Awankari. Its boundary in the south and west is the watershed line of the Salt Range. The river Gambhir is at its north-eastern boundary.
Mianwali-Rawalpindi road crosses the area from Rikhi to Ban Hafiz Jee, a span of about 11 km (7 mi). Link roads to Kalri, Thamewali, Chah Ugral, Chakrala, Dhoke SherBaz, and Namal emerge from this inter-district road to make the network of transportation. Quaidabad, Wan Bhachran, Chhidru, Musakhel, Borikhel, Swans, Ghundi, Paikhel, Iskanderabad, Mari Indus and Kalabagh lie to the west across the Salt Range. Kot Gulla, Kanattian, Pachnand and Kot Qazi are to the south across the river Gambhir. To the east, the area is linked with roads to Darbatta, Danda Shah Bilawal, Chakki Sheikh Jee and Lawa. Another road link is towards south through the Sakesr Hill-top to the Soon Valley and Quaidabad. Many traditional Kacha roads link the area with the villages to the north.
Chakrala is the village of Mr Sher Shah, who was Lance Naik in the Bristish Imperial Army and have got the Victoria Cross in 2nd world war on his outstanding performance against the Japanese Army.
Malik Haji SherBaz was also from chakrala. He was in Indian army. He was a great Philanthropist. He did so many social work for the people of chakrala. 
Chakrala is also known for two great Islamic scholars Molana Talib hussain shah and Molana Baqir Hindi known as BAQIR HINDI who was the teachers of many brilient ulmma of the time and also teacher of Jinnat,
Macking the rope for cart (baan wattna) is home industry of Town,Kabadi,itti danda and fighting of quil(bateer bazi) are very famous games of the area, 
Grave yard of the Town was doneted by fore father of fame person Qazi Aalam sher near Qazi aali bun,
Chakrala produce many artists like Baba Anwar shah Punjabi poet,fame stage artist Nasir Chinyoti is also belong to chakrala but due to migration in chinyot fame by name of chinoty.
There are many school in Chakrala village. Some of famous school names are as under :-
Govt Higher Secondary School, Chakrala
Govt Primary School, Chakrala
Govt Primary School for Girls, Chakrala
Islamaia Public School, Chakrala
Govt Primary School Dhoke SherBaz
Sir Syed Model Public School, Chakrala
Muslim Model Public School, Chakrala
Al-Qamar Model School, Chakrala
Govt High School for Girls, Chakrala
Famous Mosques of Chakrala are :
Sufaid Masjid (Mohallah Lal Khel),Masjid Faqiran Wali, Faisal Mosque Faisal Colony Chakrala.
Masjid Suleman (Dhoke SherBaz),Imam Bargah Peer Muhammad Hussian Shah Nara & Masjid E Jafriyya
Main transport source from Chakrala to different cities is available is Mandi Adda Chakrala.
'Famous people of Chakrala' are :-
Qulzim Fiyozaat Hazrat Mulana Allah Yar Khan(R.A),Malik Taj Muhammad Awan'
Haji Sher Baz (Dhoke Sher Baz),Ahmad Khan Haidery,Malik Khalil Awan,D.M. Awan, Dr Tahir,
Famous places of Chakrala
Murshad Abad
Darbaar Naara Peer,Dheri wala faqir
History of Great People of Chakrala
Sher Shah Awan
Sher Shah Awan VC (14 February 1917 – 20 January 1945) was a British Indian Army soldier from the village of Chakrala, about 30 km east from Mianwali, Punjab region that is now Pakistan, who received the Victoria Cross which is the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Military Career
He was 27 years old, son of Barkhurdar and Makda; husband of Mehr Bhari, of Chakrala, Mianwali, Pakistan, and a Lance Naik in the 7th Battalion of the 16th Punjab Regiment, in the Indian Army during World War II when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC.
On 19/20 January 1945 at Kyeyebyin, Kaladan, Burma (now Myanmar), Lance Naik Sher Shah was commanding a left forward section of his platoon when it was attacked by overwhelming numbers of Japanese. He broke up two attacks by crawling right in among the enemy and shooting at point-blank range. On the second occasion he was hit and his leg shattered, but he maintained that his injury was only slight and when the third attack came, he again crawled forward engaging the enemy until he was shot through the head and killed.
Sher Shah's Battalion 7/16 Punjab Regiment, affectionately known as "Saat Solah Punjab" is now a part of the Pakistan Army, proudly known as the "Sher Shah Battalion"
Haji SheBaz Is from Dhoke SherBaz 5 KM from Ban Hafiz.He was in Indian Army Army. he was in 16/10 Bloch Regt. He served as lance Naik in second world war. After that he retired from Indian army. He joined Pakistan Muslim League as a worker but he focused on social works. He was a well known philanthropist. He had founded a social welfare trust EFAHELP in 1966. Through this foundation he tried his best to provide basic needs to his villagers. 
References.
https://sites.google.com/site/efahelp/

</doc>
<doc id="5982141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982141" title="Columbus Jets">
Columbus Jets

The Columbus Jets were a Minor League baseball team that played in Columbus, Ohio, from 1955 to 1970. The team moved from Ottawa, Canada where they were known as the Ottawa Athletics. The Jets were a member of the International League. From 1955-56 they were the Triple-A affiliate of the Kansas City Athletics and from 1957 to 1970 the Triple-A affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Jets played their home games at Jet Stadium.
In 1971 the franchise moved to Charleston, West Virginia, and became the Charleston Charlies, leaving Columbus without organized baseball for the first time since 1894. In 1977 the Columbus Clippers returned baseball to Ohio's capital.

</doc>
<doc id="5982175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982175" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1695">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1695

United Nations Security Council Resolution 1695, adopted unanimously on July 15, 2006, after recalling resolutions 825 (1993) and 1540 (2004) concerning North Korea and the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction respectively, the Council banned the selling of material that would further the ability of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (the DPRK, or North Korea) to bolster its ballistic missiles programme. 
Adoption and provisions.
The resolution condemns the missile test launches carried out by North Korea on July 4, 2006. The wording and strength of the statement was a compromise between the United States, Japan, and France, who favoured a strong statement and sanctions and the People's Republic of China and Russia, who favoured a less severe statement. The resolution does not invoke Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter per request of China and Russia. The resolution was submitted by Japan and sponsored by the United States. 
The resolution bans all UN member states from selling material or technology for missiles or weapons of mass destruction to North Korea, and from receiving missiles, banned weapons or technology from Pyongyang. It also called on North Korea to rejoin the six-party talks and refrain from conducting further missile and nuclear tests. An official from the South Korean Foreign Ministry said ""North Korea will have to recognize the reality that the international community is taking its missile and nuclear activities more seriously."
North Korean reaction.
The resolution was rejected by North Korea in a record 47 minutes according to the United States ambassador to the U.N., John R. Bolton. According to the North Korean official state news agency, KCNA, the resolution was a product of "hostile foreign policy towards the DPRK", which has created a "an extremely dangerous situation on the Korean Peninsula". The statement continues:
North Korea said the resolution was an "attempt by some countries to misuse the Security Council". The DPRK Ambassador to the United Nations, Pak Kil-yon, said his country "had expressed its intention to extend beyond 2003 the moratorium on missile firing, in the spirit of the Declaration, on the premise that Japan would normalize its relations with his country and redeem its past...Japan abused his country’s good faith and pursued a hostile policy."

</doc>
<doc id="5982177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982177" title="Gina Roma">
Gina Roma

Gina Roma (née Romalotti; formerly Radison) is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". The role was portrayed by Patty Weaver for various intervals.
Casting.
The role was portrayed by Patty Weaver throughout her entire run on "The Young and the Restless". Weaver appeared from 1982 through 2005 when she was taken off contract. She has returned as a special guest star in 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. She made a guest visit for Katherine Chancellor's funeral in September 2013.
Storylines.
1982–94.
In 1982, Gina went from being a con artist to a well-respected pillar of the Genoa City community, with the help of her brother, Danny Romalotti (Michael Damian). After spending five years in prison for her crimes, Gina eventually opened "Gina's", an upmarket restaurant which became Genoa City's most popular eating establishment.
Gina's parents were "con artists" when she was growing up, and all did their time for their crimes. Her brother, Danny Romalotti, not wanting part of it, ran away from home as a teenager and ended up in Genoa City working as a waiter for Jonas's Restaurant with Paul Williams. In 1982, Gina, with shortened last name Roma, came to Genoa City after getting out of prison, wanting Danny's help to "go straight". For a long time Danny didn't trust her, but got her a singing job at Jonas's. Danny began his career as a teenaged rock star doing concerts in Genoa City. He was often joined by Gina and friends, Traci Abbott, Lauren Fenmore and Amy Lewis, who sang with him when he performed on stage. When Jonas decided to move on, Gina bought the restaurant and renamed it "Gina's Italian Restaurant".
Lauren Fenmore's divorced father, Neil, began to show interest in Gina. They dated and fell in love. But Lauren long-lost mother, Joanna Manning, returned to town, and Lauren wanted them back together. So she broke up Gina and Neil by exposing that Gina was ex-con. Gina vowed to get even with Lauren.
In 1987, Danny and Gina's father turned up in Genoa City, a homeless drifter just out of prison. He was molded and renamed by Jill Foster Abbott as Rex Sterling to con Katherine Chancellor. But Rex and Kay fell in love, and he became a "good guy" after all. Danny, Gina and Rex ended up becoming very close until Rex's untimely death by gunshot years later, as he surprised Esther Valentine's boyfriend Norman Peterson by burglarizing their safe.
In 1989, Rex's former cellmate, Clint Radison, showed up in town. Clint discovered Gina was Rex's daughter and started wooing her, and got her to marry him. But Clint was working on a new scam. He found a woman named Marge Cotrooke who worked at a diner that was a look alike to Kay. Clint and his cohorts trained Marge to pass for Kay, then held captive Kay and her "ditsy" maid Esther. Meanwhile Marge posing as Kay drove Rex away, and he filed for divorce. Clint was now free to liquidate Kay's assets. But Brock Reynolds made a surprise returned from his missions in India. Brock, with the help of Mitchell Sherman, discovered the ruse, and rescued Kay and Esther. Clint was sentenced to prison, and Gina turned to Brock. They became very close, but Brock was off on another of his missions to save the world before long. 
That same year, Danny was attacked by a mugger and received major kidney damage. He needed a transplant to survive. Gina, Paul, Phyllis Summers and Christine Blair were all ruled out as possible donors, and things were looking bleak. In a last-ditch effort to prove to Christine that he was a changed man and worthy of being reinstated as a lawyer after his prison term had been served, Michael Baldwin came to the rescue and donated the needed kidney. After Danny's recovery, Chris made her decision between Danny and Paul, and chose Paul. Danny took Daniel, and went "on the road." Only Gina kept in contact with him, receiving photos of Daniel now and then which she refused to share with Phyllis, whom she still considers the devil.
1997–2013.
Gina continued to own and run Gina's for many years, Genoa City's gathering spot, renowned for its excellent Italian food, entertainment and dance floor. She was always there to greet and seat the guests, sing a song now and then, listen to customer's woes or pass on a message, give a newcomer a room upstairs, give a new singer a break, and conveniently overhear conversations which kept her in the know of all of Genoa City's residents. She is a good friend to most of them, especially Kay, which whom she holds opens her restaurant each Thanksgiving with free food for the homeless. Singers to grace the Gina's stage have included Danny, Lauren, Callie Rogers, Ryan McNeil and John Abbott, Sr. John joins Gina in song now and then, and was frequently seen at the Abbott mansion for family gatherings and on John's arm at Genoa City events.
While attending the 2003 Arts Council Gala with John, Gina received a call that her restaurant was on fire. They rushed to the scene and witnessed the place fully engulfed in flames, unaware that the fire had been set by Michael's half-brother Kevin Fisher (Greg Rikaart), in an attempt to murder John's granddaughter Colleen Carlton (Lyndsy Fonseca). Gina lost not only her restaurant, but also her home above the restaurant.
Gina soon got back on her feet and took a position as manager at the elegant restaurant at the Genoa City Athletic Club.
In September 2013 Gina returned to Genoa City for the memorial service of her stepmother, Katherine Chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="5982191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982191" title="Heineman">
Heineman

Heineman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5982204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982204" title="Djibo Bakary">
Djibo Bakary

Djibo Bakary (1922–1998) was a socialist politician and important figure in the independence movement of Niger. Bakary was the first Nigerien to hold local executive power since the beginning of French colonialism. From 20 May 1957 to 14 December 1958, Bakary held the position of Vice President of the Council of Government and from 26 July 1958 to 10 October 1958, Bakary was the President of the Government Council of Niger. He was replaced by his cousin Hamani Diori, who eventually led Niger to independence in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="5982208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982208" title="Micrommata">
Micrommata

Micrommata is a genus of huntsman spiders with palaearctic distribution (other than "M. darlingi", occurring in South Africa). The genus was first described by Pierre André Latreille in 1804.
Species.
According to "The World Spider Catalog, Version 12.5":

</doc>
<doc id="5982216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982216" title="Thurgood (play)">
Thurgood (play)

Thurgood is a one-man play about the life of Thurgood Marshall. It was written by George Stevens, Jr. The show premiered in 2006 at the Westport Country Playhouse, starring James Earl Jones and directed by Leonard Foglia.
The play started on Broadway at the Booth Theatre on April 30, 2008 starring Laurence Fishburne. On 24 February 2011, HBO screened a filmed version of the play which Fishburne had performed at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. The production was described by the Baltimore Sun as "one of the most frank, informed and searing discussions of race you will ever see on TV.". On 16 February 2011 a screening of the film was hosted by the White House as part of its celebrations of Black History Month

</doc>
<doc id="5982222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982222" title="Conne River">
Conne River

Conne River is a Canadian community in Bay d'Espoir on the island of Newfoundland.
The Miawpukek First Nation government have revived the historical name and have replaced "Conne River" with "Miawpukek" in most of its own references to the community.
Miawpukek First Nation is a Mi'kmaq First Nation in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, with a registered population of 862 living on-reserve as of March 2013, with another 2,066 living off-reserve.
Since 1985, the community has renewed its traditional culture, which had been put on hold, after the exile of Saqamaw Geodol.
A favourite attraction for visitors from near and far is its Annual Powwow, started in 1995 and held every year. 

</doc>
<doc id="5982225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982225" title="John McEnery">
John McEnery

John McEnery (born 1 November 1943) is an English actor and writer.
Born in Birmingham, Warwickshire, he trained (1962–64) at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, playing, among others, Mosca in Ben Jonson's "Volpone" and Gaveston in Marlowe's "Edward II". At the age of 20 he found his first stage work, spending three seasons with the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool. He joined the National Theatre company in 1966. While working at the Everyman, he met actress Stephanie Beacham, whom he later married. The couple had two daughters, Phoebe and Chloe, but subsequently divorced.
His first notable screen role was in 1968 as Mercutio in Franco Zeffirelli's "Romeo and Juliet"; he was nominated for a BAFTA for his performance. In 1970 he starred in a major role alongside Claude Jade and Jean-Pierre Cassel in Gérard Brach's bittersweet "The Boat on the Grass" about a girl between two friends. He later played Russian politician Alexander Kerensky in "Nicholas and Alexandra" (1971), and took the title role in the 1972 film "Bartleby", in which he starred opposite Paul Scofield.
In the 1980s, at Sheffield's Crucible Theatre, he took the title role in Gogol's "The Government Inspector", directed by the Russian actor and director Oleg Tabakov.
In 1998 he wrote the play "Merry Christmas, Mr. Burbage" in honour of the 400th anniversary of the creation of the Globe Theatre. In 2011 he appeared as Rowley in "The School for Scandal" (directed by Deborah Warner) at the Barbican Centre. In 2008, he appeared in a guest role in "Sidetracked", the first episode of "Wallander".
One of his brothers is actor Peter McEnery, and another is photographer David McEnery.

</doc>
<doc id="5982241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982241" title="BTeV experiment">
BTeV experiment

The BTeV experiment — for B meson TeV (teraelectronvolt) — was an experiment in high-energy particle physics designed to challenge the Standard Model explanation of CP violation, mixing and rare decays of bottom and charm quark states. The Standard Model has been the baseline particle physics theory for several decades and BTeV aimed to find out what lies beyond the Standard Model. In doing so, the BTeV results could have contributed to shed light on phenomena associated with the early universe such as why the universe is made up of matter and not anti-matter.
The BTeV Collaboration was a group of about 170 physicists drawn from more than 30 universities and physics institutes from Belarus, Canada, China, Italy, Russia, and the United States of America. The BTeV experiment was designed to utilize the Tevatron proton-antiproton collider at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, located in the far west suburbs of Chicago, Illinois in the USA. The experiment was scheduled to start in 2006, followed by commissioning in 2008, and data-taking in 2009. 
The BTeV Project was terminated by the United States Department of Energy on 2005-02-07 after being removed from the President's Budget for the 2006 fiscal year.

</doc>
<doc id="5982249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982249" title="Leda Serene Films">
Leda Serene Films

Leda Serene Films is a film, television, and theatre production company based in Toronto, Canada, owned by filmmaker and producer Frances-Anne Solomon. 
The company has produced award-winning cross-platform projects from feature films, and creative documentaries, to original theatre plays. 
Recent projects include A Winter Tale, "Lord Have Mercy!", a sitcom, for Vision TV, Toronto 1, APTN and Showcase and "Literature Alive", a multi-faceted multimedia project showcasing Caribbean Canadian literature through documentaries, audio books, radio programs and an educational website.
Awards.
"A Winter Tale" launched the ReelWorld Film Festival 2007, and won the Tonya Lee Williams Award for Outstanding Canadian Feature, as well as Special Mention in the Outstanding Screenplay category. 
"What My Mother Told Me"premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1996, and has won awards at The Festival of Black International Cinema (Berlin, St Louis, Paris), "Best Film Depicting The Black Experience", and at Martha's Vineyard African American Film Festival 2006, HBO Best Feature Award.
The "Literature Alive" documentary series won a Special Recognition Award for "Memory Places" at The Festival of Black International Cinema, and the Audience Award for "Blood Dub and The Matriarch" at the San Diego Women's Film Festival. 
"Lord Have Mercy!" was nominated for 2 Gemini Awards - for Best Comedy Series and Best Individual Performance (for Leonie Forbes). 
"Bideshi" won Best Short Feature at the Bombay International Film Festival, 1996. 
"I Is A Long Memoried Woman" won the Gold Award for Television Performing Arts, at the New York International Film & Television Festival 1991. The BBC Radio version won Best Feature Documentary, at the Sony Radio Awards 1991, and was nominated for a Prix Futura for most Innovative Radio Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="5982260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982260" title="Reedsmouth railway station">
Reedsmouth railway station

Reedsmouth is a closed railway station in Northumberland, England. It was a junction station where the Wansbeck Railway (Morpeth to Reedsmouth) joined the Border Counties Railway (Hexham to Riccarton Junction).

</doc>
<doc id="5982273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982273" title="Micrommata virescens">
Micrommata virescens

The green huntsman spider ("Micrommata virescens") is a spider with a palearctic distribution, of the huntsman spider (Sparassidae) family. "M. virescens" is a species occurring naturally in Northern and Central Europe, including Denmark.
It does not build a web, and hunts insects in green vegetation, where it is well camouflaged.
The green coloration is due to the bilin micromatabilin and its conjugates in haemolymph, interstitial tissues and the yolk of oocytes. A bite from this spider on a human may cause some local swelling and a little bit of pain, and would be gone within 2 days. 

</doc>
<doc id="5982279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982279" title="Robert A. Long">
Robert A. Long

Robert Alexander Long (1850–1934) was a lumber baron, developer, investor, newspaper owner, and philanthropist. He lived most of his life in Kansas City, Missouri and founded Longview, Washington and Longville, Louisiana.
By 1906, Long owned of pine in Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Louisiana and converted it into 61 lumberyards. As the timber land was deforested in Louisiana, he moved west to the state of Washington and bought of Douglas fir. There he became a pioneer in reforestation. Long eventually owned many acres of land and buildings, spanning the United States from Washington D.C. to the state of Washington.
Early years.
Long was born December 17, 1850, in Shelbyville, Kentucky, one of nine children born to Samuel M. Long and Margaret Kinkead White. His mother was a cousin of Joseph Clay Stiles Blackburn and Luke P. Blackburn. Three of Long's older brothers, Thomas, E. S. and Belvard, served in the American Civil War but Robert was too young.
Long moved to Columbus, Kansas in 1873 where his uncle, C. J. White, was a banker. In 1874, Long met 19-year-old Martha Ellen Wilson. She was a Quaker and became a school teacher. After a year of courtship the two were married December 16, 1876. A son lived only a few weeks but the couple had two daughters. In 1879, Sally America Long (Ellis) was born, and in 1881 their youngest daughter, Loula Long (Combs) (d. 1971) was born. Long started a hay bale company along his cousin Robert White and a friend, Victor B. Bell; the hay venture failed but the three were able to sell the lumber from the hay sheds. Seeing that lumber was in demand they order more lumber. Business was good and the partners opened more yards. In 1877 the youngest partner, Robert White, died and the remaining partners bought out his share. Robert and Victor formed the Long-Bell Lumber Company in Columbus, Kansas.
While in Columbus he bought and developed a profitable coal mine with two shafts at Stone City. The location exist only on historical maps, as the town no longer exists today, but was just east of NW 40th street south of the junction of NW Meir road, which is northwest of Columbus.
Long-Bell Lumber Company.
In 1887, Robert A. Long and Victor Bell formed the Long-Bell Lumber Company in Columbus, Kansas. The headquarters was moved to Kansas City where it remained until sold.
In 1889, Samuel H. Wilson, Robert's brother-in-law, that began with the company in 1887, took over the retail department, a position he held until his death on October 20, 1903. In 1891, the capital stock was increased to $500,000. The Long-Bell Lumber Company was vertically integrated from the forest to the lumber yard and became the world's largest lumber company in the early 20th century. 
Long-Bell Lumber Company filed for bankruptcy in 1934, then filed a reorganization plan in the Kansas City federal court in 1935, after Long's death.
Louisiana.
When the railroad entered Louisiana Robert Long was among the earliest to set up shop. He purchased land in many parts of the state to begin lumber harvesting to supply the needs of his giant lumber company.
In 1900, the Long-Bell Lumber Company organized the King-Ryder Lumber Company at Bon Ami, Louisiana. By 1904 the mill was producing 300,000 board feet of lumber daily which made it the largest in the area at the time.
In 1903, Long-Bell organized the Hudson River Lumber Company in DeRidder and built a sprawling mill across the tracks from Washington street. Kansas City Southern Railroad and the Sante Fe Railway ran through Deridder.
Long-Bell bought out the two mills of the Bradley-Ramsey Lumber Company in Lake Charles on March 16, 1906. This included and 36 miles of the Lake Charles and Leesville rails that was renamed the Lake Charles and Northern Railroad. This purchase included seven locomotives and 120 log cars and a total of 58.599 miles of tracks. With the new rail, which formed part of the Atlantic System of the Southern Pacific Company. Long-Bell looked for and found a site along the line for a new mill. In October 1906, a new location (sections 25 and 30, township 5, of range 8 west) was set to be cleared for the Longville Long Leaf Lumber Company and town. A town arose to support the mill that included a three-story, 60-room hotel, 163 cottages for workers, a large commissary with $30,000 worth of supplies, a school, complete machine shop, roundhouse, car repair shop, and blacksmith shop.
Circa 1913, Long-Bell acquired the Ludington Lumber Company and transferred 3000 acres (for $157,000) to shore up the stumpage (uncut lumber) reserve. When the mill burned in 1920, there were an estimated 2500 residents in the town meaning it rivaled Fullerton. With the stumpage reserve dwindled the mill was not rebuilt so the town began to disappear. The planer was converted to a hardwood flooring mill, which was moved to DeRidder in 1927, when all operation at Longville ceased.
Washington.
He founded the city of Longview, Washington, a "planned city" built in 1923 near two of Long-Bell's lumber mills. He personally donated funds for the city's public library, first high school, train station, YMCA hall and its Monticello Hotel. The mills were advertised as the largest in the world.
A newspaper was planned along with the city and on January 27, 1923 the first issue of Longview News came off the press. 
Long was the principal stock holder until his death on March 15, 1934, and in a family trust until 1947. In 1981 the paper won a Pulitzer Prize for coverage of the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens.
Other businesses.
Long was an early investor in the Kansas City Southern Railroad, a source of transportation for his raw material and products. Longview Development Company was formed for handling real estate in Longview, Washington.
Structures affiliated with Long.
Corinthian Hall.
Long's home in Kansas City, named Corinthian Hall, was completed in 1911. The 72-room French Renaissance mansion, located on Gladstone Boulevard, was Kansas City's first million-dollar home, is now the Kansas City Museum. On November 14, 1980 the building was entered into the NRHP.
R. A. Long Building.
In 1907 the R.A. Long Building, a Beaux-Arts skyscraper in downtown Kansas City was built at 928 Grand Avenue. On January 8, 2003 the building was llisted in the NRHP.
Longview Farm.
Longview Farm was built in 1913-1914, in eastern Jackson County, on the outskirts of Kansas City. The farm had 42 buildings, 250 acres of clipped lawns, extensive flower beds, and four greenhouses; in later years fresh carnations and gardenias were shipped daily. Portions of the farm are now sites of Longview College and of Longview Lake. The farm was listed on the NRHP on October 24, 1985.
Liberty Memorial.
Long was a driving force behind the creation of Kansas City's Liberty Memorial, a World War I museum and monument. He was the president of the Liberty Memorial Association and a major contributor. In less than a year the organization collected $2,500,000. The monument was dedicated on November 11, 1926.
R.A. Long High School.
The R.A. Long High School was a gift to the city of Longview, Washington in 1923 from Robert Long. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic places. The school was one of several buildings that Long built from personal funds.
Associations.
Long was involved in the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ), as well as his family, until his death. Loula remained faithful to the Longview Chapel Christian church (Disciples of Christ) until she died and was celebrated as one of the longest attending members.
Long was active in several associations. Long was the president of the Southern Pine Association founded in 1915. The name was changed in 1970 to the Southern Forest Products Association with a division being the Southern Pine Council and is still active today. Long belonged to the National Lumber Manufacturers Association. 
His other associations include:
Death and legacy.
Long died on March 15, 1934. His legacy included a city he built and named, churches which he helped build, 13 lumber mills, 110 retail lumber yards, a sash and door factory, many warehouses, and towns that prospered in part to his businesses.
In Longview, Washington, a bronze bust of Long, by Alonzo Victor Lewis, was placed in the renamed R. A. Long Park on August 24, 1946.
In 1956, International Paper Company (IP) purchased all remaining holdings of the Long-Bell Lumber Company and renamed it IP-Long-Bell. With the lumber depleted and the mill being antiquated, IP-Bell ceased operations in 1960 and the mills were dismantled and sold. Some of the giant old-growth beams were used to build Microsoft-founder Bill Gates’ mansion in Medina on Lake Washington.
The R. A. Long Historical Society was formed in 2006.
See also.
Grabow Riot

</doc>
<doc id="5982283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982283" title="Mujibur Rehman">
Mujibur Rehman

Mujibur Rehman, is a Right To Information activist, whistle-blower and anti-corruption fighter from the Indian state of Chhattisgarh. He is a state-level General Secretary of the India Against Corruption people's movement. He is notable for exposing a financial scandal in the Office of India's Prime Minister in 2006 where money collected as donations for the Kargil war and cyclone relief funds from factory workers was siphoned off. He says that his life was threatened for exposing this.

</doc>
<doc id="5982286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982286" title="Vasily Pavlovich Rochev">
Vasily Pavlovich Rochev

Vasily Pavlovich Rochev () (born December 22, 1951 in the village of Bakur, Izhemsky District, Komi ASSR) is a former Soviet/Russian cross-country skier who competed in the 1970s and early 1980s, training at Dynamo in Syktyvkar. He won two medals for the USSR at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York with a gold in the 4x10 km relay and a silver in the 30 km.
Rochev also won two medals at the 1974 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a silver in the 4x10 km relay and a bronze in the 15 km.
Married to Nina Selyunina, he is the father of Vasily Vasilyevich Rochev who won the bronze medal in the Team sprint at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, and four medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Oberstdorf with a gold in the individual sprint (2005), silvers in the team sprint and relay (both 2007), and a bronze in the 4x10 km (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="5982305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982305" title="Lamar Smith (American football)">
Lamar Smith (American football)

Lamar Hunter Smith (born November 29, 1970, in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a retired professional American football running back. He played in the NFL for the Seattle Seahawks, Miami Dolphins, New Orleans Saints, and Carolina Panthers from 1994 to 2003. On December 30, 2000, Smith carried the ball a then NFL record 40 times for the Dolphins in a wildcard playoff game against the Indianapolis Colts. He finished with 209 yards rushing, including a 17-yard touchdown run in overtime to give the Dolphins a 23-17 victory.
Education.
Smith attended South Side High School in Fort Wayne. After high school, he attended Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College and then the University of Houston on scholarship for his final two years. He was selected in the third round with the 73rd overall pick by the Seattle Seahawks in the 1994 NFL Draft.
Drunk driving.
Smith was charged with vehicular assault in 1994. He was drinking and driving prior to a car wreck that left teammate Mike Frier paralyzed from the neck down. The prosecutor noted that he had drunk at least five beers and six-and-a-half ounces of Scotch shortly before his car struck a utility pole. He pleaded guilty to vehicular assault in 1996, and served 60 days in a work-release program. He was also ordered to give 35 to 50 percent of his NFL earnings to Frier over a seven-year period.
He was arrested on a second DUI charge in 2002 while playing for the Panthers.
NFL Europe.
In 2007, he participated in a coaching internship program with NFL Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5982308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982308" title="Frances-Anne Solomon">
Frances-Anne Solomon

Frances-Anne Solomon (born 1966) is a Caribbean filmmaker, writer, producer, distributor and entrepreneur.
Born in England of Trinidadian parents, she began her professional life at the BBC in England, where she built a successful career as a producer first with BBC Radio then with BBC television drama. She also produced and directed independent films through her company Leda Serene Films.
In 1999, she moved her company to Canada, where she continued to write, direct, and produce films, television programs, theatre plays, and new media projects. 
In 2001, she founded CaribbeanTales, a non-profit organisation producing educational multi-media projects based on Caribbean-heritage stories.
The CaribbeanTales Film Festival Group now includes annual Film Festivals and events in Toronto, Barbados, and other locations, and the Toronto-based CaribbeanTales Youth Film Festival.
In 2010, she founded CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution Inc, the first film distribution company in the English-speaking Caribbean dedicated to the marketing and sales of Caribbean-themed films.
Early life.
The granddaughter of Trinidad and Tobago politician Dr. Patrick Solomon, her father worked as a diplomat during her childhood and she lived in different countries including Canada, the United States, Europe and Venezuela, before moving back to Trinidad at 9 years old. She attended the girls' "prestige" school, Bishop Anstey High School. She moved to Toronto, Canada at 18 to live with her mother, where she discovered a love of the arts, studying theatre at the University of Toronto's U.C. Playhouse, and poetry with Jay Macpherson. In 1986, she moved to England, to work for the BBC.
Career.
She received training through the BBC Production Training Program and worked with "Ebony", the Corporation's first Black magazine program, before being hired as a Radio Drama Producer in London. She returned to television as a Script Editor for ScreenPlay, a strand of low-budget TV dramas, as Development Script Editor and then as a Producer and Executive Producer for BBC Single Drama and Films. For the BBC she produced and executive-produced feature films including "Speak Like a Child", director John Akomfrah's narrative debut, and "Love Is The Devil", John Maybury's award-winning first feature. She credits her time at the BBC as providing her with a grounding, and vision of the importance and power of national public service broadcasting.
She was one of 6 directors chosen to participate in the prestigious BBC Drama Directors Course. While working as a Drama Producer for the BBC, she also continued to run her own company Leda Serene Films, where she developed, produced and directed her own projects. Her films at that time include "What My Mother Told Me", a semi-autobiographical story of generational domestic violence in the context of a middle-class Caribbean family; and, "Peggy Su!", produced by BBC Films. Set in a Chinese laundry in Liverpool in the 1960s, it remains one of the only British films to depict the lives of the Chinese in Britain. 
Ultimately she found the racism of the British industry constraining. Returning to Canada in 2000, she continued to develop and produce television, feature films and new media projects. "Lord Have Mercy!", produced with Claire Prieto and Vanz Chapman, was Canada's first multicultural sitcom, and starred Russell Peters alongside Caribbean stars Leonie Forbes and Dennis "Sprangalang" Hall. "A Winter Tale", CityTV 2007, depicts a Caribbean-Canadian community plagued by gun violence in Toronto.
CaribbeanTales.
CaribbeanTales was formed in 2001, as an internet platform for Caribbean-themed cultural content. Early projects include CaribbeanTales.ca, a multimedia e-newsletter, and "Literature Alive", a multi-faceted project including an educational website, audio books, and a documentary series, profiling Caribbean authors, many of whom are based in Canada. In 2006, Solomon started the CaribbeanTales Film Festival in Toronto to create a platform for the exhibition of Caribbean Diaspora films. While teaching film at the University of the West Indies in 2009, she consolidated her connections in the region. This led directly to the founding of CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution, the first film distribution company dedicated to Caribbean-themed audio visual content. The company was created with Dr. Keith Nurse, businessman Terrence Farrell, and filmmakers Lisa Wickham and Mary Wells, to tackle head-on the problems of monetisation of Caribbean-themed content. The CaribbeanTales Incubator Program for Audio Visual Entrepreneurs, that takes place during the Toronto International Film Festival, trains filmmakers in market skills. The CaribbeanTales Youth Film Festival, during Black History Month in Toronto, screens Africentric films in schools and communities. Now based at the Harbourfront Center, the Film Festival Group has expanded to include annual festivals in Barbados and New York. Since 2010 she has lived between the Caribbean and Canada, committed to helping to develop an infrastructure and international profile for Caribbean films, both in the Region and the Diaspora.
Filmography.
Awards.
I Is A Long Memoried Woman: 
Reunion - West Indian Women At War: 
What My Mother Told Me: 
Bideshi: 
Peggy Su: 
Lord Have Mercy!: 
A Winter Tale: 

</doc>
<doc id="5982313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982313" title="Nardin Academy">
Nardin Academy

Nardin Academy was founded by the Daughters of the Heart of Mary in 1857. It is the oldest private Roman Catholic school in Western New York. The Academy includes a college preparatory high school for young women and a co-educational elementary school located in Buffalo, New York. It also includes Montessori pre-school through 3rd grade, which is located in Buffalo, New York.
History.
Nardin Academy was founded by the Society of the Daughters of the Heart of Mary over 150 years ago. Ernestine Nardin began the first Catholic school in Buffalo on Pearl Street before relocating to Franklin and Church Streets as St. Mary's Academy. It wasn't until 1890 that Miss Nardin moved the school to its current location on Cleveland Avenue. The school was named "The Nardin Academy" in 1917 and was changed in 1951 to the current "Nardin Academy."
Irene Murphy, DHM started Buffalo's first Montessori with the opening of Nardin Montessori in 1963. It was moved to the former Oishei Estate on West Ferry upon its purchase (and Varue Oishei's generous donation) in 1996. It was finally opened to students in 1998.
Admission.
In order to attend the high school, one must first take an entrance exam. The exam, held in November, lasts about three and one half hours and covers a variety of topics, including Logic, English and Math. A written application process along with short essay questions accompanies the exam. Most prospective students shadow a freshman girl during the selection process or after admission. If a girl is selected, she is sent a letter of acceptance in January.
Honors.
In 2012, Nardin was listed as the number one school in Buffalo, New York for the eleventh consecutive year.

</doc>
<doc id="5982314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982314" title="Lee Dong-wook">
Lee Dong-wook

Lee Dong-wook (born November 6, 1981) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his leading roles in the television dramas "My Girl" (2005), "La Dolce Vita" (2008), and "Scent of a Woman" (2011).
Career.
Lee Dong-wook made his acting debut in 1999, and went on to appear in a number of TV series before hitting stardom in 2005 hit romantic comedy "My Girl". It also made him a Korean wave star. He has since starred as the male lead in noir "La Dolce Vita" (2008), courtroom dramedy "Partner" (2009), melodrama "Scent of a Woman" (2011), baseball rom-com "Wild Romance" (2012), period thriller "The Fugitive of Joseon" (2013), and revenge drama "Hotel King" (2014).
In November 2011, Lee signed with talent agency King Kong Entertainment, which also manages fellow actors Park Min-young, Lee Chung-ah and Kim Sun-a.
Lee and comedian Shin Dong-yup took over as MCs of variety talk show "Strong Heart" from April 2012 to January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5982329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982329" title="Psychotechnique">
Psychotechnique

Psychotechnique, also known as theatre language, is a rehearsal method developed by Constantin Stanislavsky. The actor would "live life" on stage. Stanislavsky developed a set of exercises and principles designed to help the actor call on personal feelings and experiences, using the body and voice. These elements are used to create the role.
Actors learn to recall emotions from their own lives through the development of self-discipline, observation, meditation/relaxation, and concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="5982339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982339" title="Simi Valley High School">
Simi Valley High School

Simi Valley High School is a secondary school located in Simi Valley, California, nestling in the shadow of the Santa Susana Mountains, adjacent to the San Fernando Valley. It was established in 1920 as the valley's first high school. Simi Valley High School has undergone several configurations over the years to become the campus it is today. The current campus was built in three phases during the 1960s. Based on the physical concept of "schools-within-a-school," Simi Valley High School was constructed with three instructional quads, each having an administrative area. The original design also included one main administration building.
Currently Simi Valley High is configured with five major instructional areas, a multipurpose building, a gym and dressing room facilities, a library, a counseling facility, an administration building, a new area of portable classrooms, a stadium and athletic fields, a new senior patio, and a band room with all different types of instruments. It was ranked as the 555th best high school according to "MSNBC's Top 1000 High Schools". Simi Valley High School was named a "California Distinguished School" in 1996, 2000, and 2004 (four-year cycles of eligibility). The school is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) through the 2010 school year. The athletic teams are known as the Pioneers. The school's mascot is Herman, or Hermie, the Pioneer. Herman dates from around 1940 as the school's mascot. SVHS colors are maroon and gold. The school colors were originally purple and silver but were changed in the mid-1920s—probably to follow the colors of the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="5982352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982352" title="William H. Lash">
William H. Lash

William H. Lash III (January 21, 1961 – July 13, 2006) was the Assistant Secretary for Market Access and Compliance at the U.S. Department of Commerce from 2001 to 2005, and a professor at George Mason University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="5982360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982360" title="The Historical Museum of St. James – Assiniboia">
The Historical Museum of St. James – Assiniboia

The Historical Museum of St. James – Assiniboia is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The museum is a two story Red River frame house built in 1856. It is furnished with period pieces from 1860-1890. This house was owned by William Brown and Charlotte Omand.
There are two other buildings, the first, the Municipal Hall Building built in 1911 contains exhibits from the St. James - Assiniboia area and surrounding parishes. The third building houses displays regarding blacksmithing, farming, and transportation.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5982362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982362" title="The Zulus">
The Zulus

The Zulus were a short lived football team established in Sheffield, England that existed from 1879 to 1882. They were initially set up to raise funds for the wives and families of soldiers killed in the Zulu war. The team disbanded after accusations that they were bringing the game into disrepute and receiving payment for playing.
Beginnings.
In 1879 a match was played at Bramall Lane against a Sheffield XI to raise money for the widows and orphans of the soldiers killed that year in the Zulu war. They won their second game 5-4 (their first match took place in Scarborough). Many of the players were taken from local teams, especially The Wednesday. They played in an all black kit and decorated themselves with beads and feathers and, instead of using their own names, they adopted Zulu names such as Ulmathoosi. After the success of the match they started touring the country.
The Zulus on tour.
The tour started against Chesterfield touring the town in full costume before the match. They subsequently also took on teams from Barnsley and a combined team from Nottingham and Derby. After it transpired that players were receiving payments for playing they were subsequently banned from playing in official matches. The situation became critical in Sheffield where the 1881 Wharncliffe Charity Cup final was cancelled because of the number of players banned for professionalism. They subsequently also played in Edinburgh and had an offer to also tour South Africa. They never lost a match. However, they were forced to disband by the Sheffield F.A. in 1882.
Aftermath.
After increasing pressure from players and clubs, professionalism was legalised by The Football Association in 1885. However, opposition remained stronger in the Sheffield area. Sheffield's first professional football club, the short lived Sheffield Rovers, was formed mainly from players of the former Zulus team. The Wednesday followed suit the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="5982375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982375" title="Montauk Branch">
Montauk Branch

The Montauk Branch is a rail line owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York. The branch runs the length of Long Island, 115 miles (185 km) from Long Island City on the west to Montauk on the east. However, in LIRR maps and schedules for public use the term "Montauk Branch" refers to the line east of Babylon; the line west of there is covered by Babylon Branch schedules to Jamaica.
Route description.
The westernmost portion of the Montauk Branch in Queens, known as the "Lower Montauk", runs from Long Island City to Jamaica, mostly at street level with grade crossings. The five stations along this stretch (Richmond Hill, Glendale, Fresh Pond, Haberman, and Penny Bridge) were closed on March 13, 1998, due to low ridership and incompatibility with then-new C3 bi-level coach cars that can only use high platforms (only Richmond Hill had an actual platform, the other four stations' platforms were actually pavement strips beside the tracks). In November 2012, passenger train service on the Lower Montauk ceased and full control was transferred to the New York and Atlantic Railway for freight operations.
After Penn Station opened in 1910 the Lower Montauk became the freight route, and when the present Jamaica station opened in 1913 the two Lower Montauk tracks continued past the south side of the station, south of Hall tower and the south Union Hall Street platform and on to Holban Yard. Those two tracks now carry trains to/from the Hillside Facility that has replaced Holban Yard; they can also carry nonstop Main Line trains past Jamaica station. East from Jamaica the Montauk Branch runs between the Main Line tracks (with two usually westward Main Line tracks north of it and two eastward tracks south of it) until it rises to cross above the other tracks at and turns southeast to swing parallel to the Atlantic Branch at . The Montauk Branch east of Jamaica is 0.7 mile longer than the Atlantic.
The portion from Jamaica to Babylon has been electrified since 1925. From Babylon east to Montauk, diesel-electric or dual-mode electric/diesel-electric locomotives haul trains of passenger coaches.
The Montauk Line has heavy ridership and frequent service as far as Patchogue and commuter service as far as Speonk. In the summer, with travelers going out to The Hamptons, Fire Island and other beaches, additional service is operated to the far eastern terminal at Montauk, such as the "Cannonball", a Friday afternoon train departing from Penn Station (originally Hunterspoint Avenue) and running non-stop to Westhampton. The Montauk Branch, along with the parallel Atlantic Branch, spawns three subsidiary branches: the West Hempstead Branch, Far Rockaway Branch, and Long Beach Branch.
The electrified portion of the Montauk Branch ends at Babylon; the electric service to Babylon is often identified as a separate service, the Babylon Branch. Some of the Montauk's diesel trains begin or end their runs at Babylon station, connecting with electric trains there. Other Montauk diesel trains operate into New York City, to Jamaica, Hunterspoint Avenue, Long Island City, or New York Penn Station. The terminal stations in diesel territory, east of Babylon, are Patchogue, Speonk, and Montauk. The Montauk Branch is double-tracked from just east of Long Island City all the way through Babylon, becoming single track at Y Interlocking (located east of the Sayville Station) (a short section of track east of Long Island City is single tracked). Most Montauk Branch diesel trains operate west to NYC via the diesel-only Central Branch, joining the Main Line east of Bethpage. Only a few actually run via the Montauk Branch west of Babylon, under normal conditions on the Main Line.
The Montauk was home to the last tower in North America that regularly used "hooping" train operations: PD Tower, in Patchogue. "Hooping" is the transfer of instructions to the engineer and conductor by attaching the folded orders to the "hoop", a rod several feet long with a loop at the end that is passed from the ground to a moving train by catching the loop on one's arm. The last train to get hooped at PD was train 2730 on May 6, 2006.
The Montauk Branch encounters frequent service and has heavy ridership because it serves the suburban communities on Nassau County's and westernmost Suffolk County's south shore. It is grade-separated on embankments or elevated structures from Jamaica Station to Babylon Station.
History.
Currently, the Montauk Branch intersects with the Bushwick Branch, Bay Ridge Branch, West Hempstead Branch, and Central Branch, as well as the Main Line at Long Island City and Jamaica and the Atlantic Branch at Jamaica and Valley Stream; the Far Rockaway Branch and Long Beach Branch are connected via the Atlantic Branch at Valley Stream. In the past, junctions existed with the Rockaway Beach Branch (a quarter mile east of Woodhaven Boulevard), Southern Hempstead Branch (Valley Stream to Hempstead), Manorville Branch (Eastport to Manorville on the Main Line), and Sag Harbor Branch (Bridgehampton to Sag Harbor). In early times, the "Scoot" ran frequently between Greenport on the North Fork, "around the horn" on the Manorville Branch, and east to Sag Harbor. In their day, both of those villages were very busy, bustling ports.
Formation and early days: 1860s to 1925.
The South Side Railroad of Long Island built the line from Bushwick, Brooklyn to Patchogue in the 1860s, and completed the new line to Long Island City in 1870. With the reorganization of the South Side as the Southern Railroad of Long Island in 1874 and its lease by the LIRR in 1876, this line became the Southern Railroad Division, Southern Railroad of Long Island Division, or simply Southern Division. Effective Sunday, June 25, 1876, all Southern Division passenger trains were rerouted to use the LIRR main line from Berlin Junction (west of Jamaica) to Rockaway Junction, and the LIRR's Rockaway Branch to Springfield Junction, where it crossed the Southern. This change resulted in the closure of the Southern's Berlin, Beaver Street (Jamaica), Locust Avenue, and Springfield stations. The old line between Jamaica and Springfield, which became freight-only, was renamed the Old Southern Road. The Southern was reorganized as the Brooklyn and Montauk Railroad in 1879, and on March 14, 1880, the name was changed from the Southern Division to the Montauk Division. Thus the old South Side Railroad, except between Jamaica and Springfield Junction, was now the Montauk Division.
The LIRR opened the Sag Harbor Branch, including the present Montauk Branch from Eastport to Bridgehampton, on June 8, 1870. On July 27, 1881, after the South Side became part of the LIRR, its line – then the Montauk Division – was extended east to the Sag Harbor Branch at Eastport. The Sag Harbor Branch east of Eastport became part of the Montauk Division, and the old line from Manor (Manorville) to Eastport became the Manor Branch. An extension to Montauk, splitting off the old Sag Harbor Branch at Bridgehampton, opened to Amagansett on June 1, 1895 and to Montauk by September, and the line between Bridgehampton and Sag Harbor reverted to the old Sag Harbor Branch name.
Babylon electrification: 1925 to present.
Electrification of the Montauk Division from Jamaica to Babylon was completed on May 20, 1925, and normal operation began the next day. The Central Extension between Bethpage and Babylon was reopened for freight trains that had run via the Montauk Division.
The Montauk station was initially near the center of a sleepy fishing village at the north end of Fort Pond (where Austin Corbin built a pier in his unsuccessful effort to have trans-Atlantic ships dock there.) The Great Hurricane of 1938 devastated the terminus area and tore up sections of the roadbed. The population center then moved two miles (3 km) to the south, away from the station.
1998 saw the closure of three lightly used stations: Center Moriches, Quogue, and Southampton College. Southampton College was temporarily reinstated in 2004, complete with a steel walkway over Sunrise Highway to the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club, during the U.S. Open (golf) tournament. At the conclusion of the tournament, the walkway was dismantled and the station stop discontinued.
Stations.
West Hempstead Branch trains split off after St. Albans. Babylon Branch trains terminate at Babylon, while Montauk Branch trains continue beyond.
Jamaica is about 11.25 miles (18 km) from Penn Station.

</doc>
<doc id="5982388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982388" title="CaribbeanTales">
CaribbeanTales

CaribbeanTales is the trademark of a group of companies, with bases in Canada, Trinidad, and Barbados,that includes CaribbeanTales an educational multimedia production company, the CaribbeanTales Film Festival Group - that produces film screenings, festivals, and industry training events, and CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution Inc, a full service marketing and distribution company.
- CaribbeanTales, founded by filmmaker Frances-Anne Solomon, is a multimedia production company that makes educational videos, radio programs, audio books, theatre plays, and websites drawn from stories of the Caribbean Diaspora.
- The first CaribbeanTales Film Festival was produced in Toronto in July 2006, and The CaribbeanTales Film Festival Group now includes an Incubator Program, a Youth Film Festival, annual Festivals and events in Barbados, New York, and Toronto, and a travelling festival and incubator component.
- CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution Inc, the English-speaking Caribbean's first film distribution company, was launched internationally during the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, and, as well as distribution, aims to provide co-production services to producers of Caribbean-themed content.
Projects.
- 2002-6: CaribbeanTales.ca - a multimedia Ezine featuring profiles of Caribbean storytellers, cultural commentary, news and events.
- 2006: Literature Alive, a multimedia project including documentaries, audio books, radio programs and a website, profiling 3 generations of Canadian Caribbean authors.
- 2006 - current: Newz From CaribbeanTales - Blog : updates from CaribbeanTales.
- 2008 - TALK IT OUT, a Canada-wide community distribution project of Frances-Anne Solomon's feature film A Winter Tale targeting urban youth and multicultural communities
- 2008: Heartbeat - 13 documentaries about Caribbean-Canadian musicians.
- May 2010 - Launch of CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution Inc in Barbados at the 16th Caribbean Studies Conference.
- September 2010 - International Launch of CaribbeanTales Worldwide Distribution at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto, Canada. Forty (40) top Caribbean filmmakers and industry stakeholders attended the first CaribbeanTales Market Incubator (TM) that took place during this event.
The CaribbeanTales Film Festival Group.
- 2006 - current : Founded in 2006 in Toronto, the first festival took place at the National Film Board of Canada, Toronto. The 2007 festival, screened 30 films from Trinidad and Tobago and its Diaspora, and honored legendary filmmaker British-Trinidadian filmmaker Horace Ove, CBE. It also featured a spotlight on Trinidad's Gayelle - The Channel.
The 2008 festival, titled Focus Jamaica shone a spotlight on films and filmmakers from that island.
In 2009 the festival partnered with the University of Toronto Caribbean Studies Program. The guest of honor was international director Euzhan Palcy.
Also in 2009, the CaribbeanTales Youth Film Festival was formed in February, screening afri-centric films for high school students, and honored African-American filmmaker Julie Dash.
The 2010 CTYFF honored African-Canadian filmmakers including Claire Prieto, Fil Fraser, Jen Holness and Sudz Sutherland, and Hubert Davis.
In 2009 and 2010, the festival partnered with the Harbourfront Festival and Island Soul to present a two day screening series at Harbourfront Studio Theatre.
In 2010, the first Best of CaribbeanTales, took place in Barbados, and included a Symposium on Global Distribution.
In April 2010, international poet Kamau Braithwaite hosted a 5-day mini-series of CaribbeanTales films at New York University, as part of his MARASSA festival.
In September 2010, the first CaribbeanTales Market Incubator took place in Toronto, supported by UNIDO, Invest Barbados, and Caribbean Export Development Agency.
CaribbeanTales 2011 included a Content Incubator Program, and the second CT Symposium, and took place at the Island Inn Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="5982389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982389" title="Michael Paget">
Michael Paget

Michael Paget (born September 12, 1978), also known as Padge, is a Welsh musician, singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine.
Career.
Paget has been with Bullet for My Valentine since their formation in 1998. He plays alongside Matt Tuck (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Jason James (bass guitar, backing vocals) and Michael Thomas (drums).
He has released four albums with Bullet for My Valentine: 2005's The Poison, 2008's Scream Aim Fire, 2010's Fever and 2013's Temper Temper. They have also released the Bullet For My Valentine and Hand of Blood EP's, both in 2004.
Early Career.
He was about 17 years old when he got his first guitar - a 3/4 size classical guitar, he couldn't even tune the guitar for a month. His cousin came to his house and helped him tune the guitar. Then he started to learn some chords from the little booklet that came with the guitar. The first song he ever learned on guitar was 'Polly' by Nirvana. He used to play drums when he studied music at Bridgend College.
Equipment.
Guitars.
Michael Paget used to play many guitars and now he uses 2 ESP signature guitars of him.
Heads and Cabinets.
Padge has used a wide range of different amplifiers:

</doc>
<doc id="5982392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982392" title="Abass Bundu">
Abass Bundu

Abass Chernor Bundu (born in Gbinti, Port Loko District) is a Sierra Leonean politician, diplomat and educationist. He is the older brother of Ibrahim Bundu, who is the majority leader of the Sierra Leone Parliament. 
From 1989 to 1993, Bundu was the executive secretary of the Economic Community of West African States. Bundu was the head of several ministries in Sierra Leone, including Foreign Affairs and Agriculture. He was the presidential candidate of the now defunct Progressive People's Party (PPP) in the 1996 Sierra Leone presidential election, where he was defeated in the first round of voting after wining 2.9% of the votes.
Born into a prominent Bundu family in the rural town of Gbinti, Port Loko District in the north of Sierra Leone, Bundu holds both a Bachelor and a Master of Laws from the Australian National University in Canberra, Australia and a PhD in economics from the University of Cambridge in England.
Early life.
Abass Chernor Bundu was born in the rural town of Gbinti, Port Loko District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone. Bundu was born into a prominent Bundu Family who are off Temne and Fula descents. Abass Bundu grew up in a deeply relious Muslim household and he, himself, is a devout Muslim. 
Education.
Bundu attended the St. Andrews Secondary School in Bo, the Methodist Boys' High School in Freetown and the St. Edward's Secondary School also in Freetown. While in secondary school, Bundu was a very brilliant student and he was highly admired by his fellow students and teachers.
Immediately after secondary school, Bundu left Sierra Leone as a youth and moved abroad to further his education. Bundu holds an Honours LL.B degree from the Australian National University (ANU),LL.M (Honours) and a Ph.D from the University of Cambridge. He is also a Barrister-at-Law.
Career.
Bundu's numerous positions include Assistant Director of International Affairs and Consultant in Constitutional Law in the Commonwealth Secretariat in London from 1975–82; Executive Secretary of Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) from 1989–1993, the posts of Foreign Minister (1994–1995), Minister of Agriculture 1982-85; and Presidential candidate in the 1996 Presidential election in Sierra Leone. Bundu failed to garner much support in the election, gaining just under 30,000 votes or 2.9% of the national vote. He is an expert on West African affairs and a renowned expert on constitutional and international law. Bundu has written a critical analysis of the Civil War in Sierra Leone, Democracy by Force?
Opposition to President Momoh.
In 1991, Dr. Bundu strongly criticized President Joseph Saidu Momoh's government because of clauses their party wished to add to Sierra Leone's constitution. He was then forced to leave the All People's Congress (APC).
Dr. Bundu contested the 1996 elections as not democratically free and fair.
Presidential campaign.
In 1996, Bundu formed his own political party and ran for president in Sierra Leone. His bid was unsuccessful.
Alleged corruption and exoneration.
In 1996 Bundu was prosecuted for alleged illegal sale of Sierra Leone passports under the immigration investment programme. In October 2005 Government of Sierra Leone dropped the prosecution and publicly exonerated Bundu of any wrongdoing based on new evidence which, had it been available in 1996, would not have given rise to any prosecution.
External references.
Democracy by Force?: A study of international military intervention in the conflict in Sierra Leone from 1991-2000 by Abass Bundu

</doc>
<doc id="5982397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982397" title="I Can Hardly Wait">
I Can Hardly Wait

"I Can Hardly Wait" is the 73rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959.
Plot.
The Stooges are defense workers at the Heedlock Airplane Corp., a pun on the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. They enter an apartment and break into a safe, which turns out to be a refrigerator. With the food they find, they prepare a late night meal of a single slice of ham, an egg, bread and coffee. Moe and Larry share the food, and Curly gets the bone and the eggshell. While eating, Curly breaks his tooth while attempting to eat the ham bone, resulting in a major toothache. Moe suggests he simply get some sleep, and in the morning the toothache will be gone.
The boys situate themselves for bed in a conveniently placed three-tiered bunk bed. Curly naturally receives the top bunk and his ascent thereto is not without mishap. During the night, Moe unsuccessfully tries to alleviate Curly's pain but is unable to do so. While Curly does finally fall asleep, we are introduced into his dreams where he is still whining on about his current state of affairs. His persistent moaning and complaining about his toothache finally aggravate the other two into action. His fear of dentists leaves the Stooges with precious few options, leaving them to improvise their own brand of home dentistry techniques. These techniques include trying to extract the tooth with a fishing pole and line, tying the tooth to the doorknob and violently closing it, tying the tooth to a ceiling light fixture and jumping from a ladder, and lastly, firecrackers.
At their wits' end, Curly is taken off by Moe to the dentist, Dr. Tug (Lew Davis), who admits to being a butcher as an earlier profession. He then calls Curly and Moe in the room where patients get checked up, but a belligerent Curly makes the check-up difficult. Dr. Tug is exhausted from wrestling with Curly, so he asks his partner Dr. Yank (Bud Jamison) to complete the extraction. However, Moe tries to placate Curly's fears about dentistry by laying in the chair and simulating the procedure just as Yank, unaware who the actual patient is, enters the office and knocks Moe out cold with ether in a rag and pulls HIS tooth instead despite Curly's protests. Yank hands the extracted tooth to Curly and, upon learning that Curly is the real patient, runs out of the room. Moe awakens and finds Curly holding the tooth. This understandably angers him to no end and he takes it out on Curly, who attempts to defend himself. This flailing action in the dream translates to similar action in his sleep, causing him to fall through the entire bunk bed, causing it to collapse in a heap, on top of his two sleeping compatriots. This, in classic Moe fashion, angers him once again and he gives Curly a solid slug to the jaw. This dislodges the problem tooth and all is well. The boys fall asleep where they lie amongst the bed cushions and splintered wood.

</doc>
<doc id="5982402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982402" title="The Beachwood Reporter">
The Beachwood Reporter

The Beachwood Reporter is a web publication based in Chicago, Illinois, USA
that focuses on cultural criticism and critiques of Chicago's news outlets. It was launched on February 27, 2006. The publication shared the Society of Professional Journalists 2008 Sigma Delta Chi Award for online investigative reporting by an independent media outlet.
"The Beachwood Reporter's" most regularly updated feature is "The Papers," a column updated five days a week in which founder and editor Steve Rhodes comments on the coverage in local media outlets, especially the "Chicago Tribune" (one of Rhodes' former employers) and the "Chicago Sun-Times". It currently dominates the site's main page. On Saturdays, "The Weekend Desk Report," a humorous roundup of the week's news, runs on the main page.
The site's other sections are: music, television, politics, sports, books, and people, places and things. So far, the site has avoided traditional reporting and straight-up reviews in favor of quirky but a\serious angles.
Early in its run, the "Reporter" attracted attention from media professionals in Chicago and beyond. "Chicago Tribune" blogger/columnists Steve Johnson and Eric Zorn, "The Chicago Reader" media critic Michael Miner and "Reader" blogger Harold Henderson have all name-checked the site, and media blogger Jim Romenesko linked to it from his Poynter Institute media news page.
Before starting the "Reporter", Rhodes was a reporter for "Chicago" magazine and wrote "Press Box," a media column on the magazine's web site. Before that, he worked for "Newsweek" and the "Chicago Tribune".

</doc>
<doc id="5982406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982406" title="Per Knut Aaland">
Per Knut Aaland

Per Knut Aaland (born 5 September 1954) is a retired Norwegian cross country skier.
He was born in Randabygda, lived in Hornindal and represented the sports club Hardbagg IL. He won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1980 Olympic Games in Lake Placid, New York. He also finished sixth in the 50 km race at the 1976 Olympic Games and sixteenth in the 30 km race at the 1980 Olympic Games. His best career finish was second in three World Cup events.

</doc>
<doc id="5982415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982415" title="Cheiracanthium">
Cheiracanthium

Cheiracanthium is a genus of spiders in the Miturgidae family. Certain species are commonly known as the "yellow sac spider".
Description.
"Cheiracanthium" are usually pale in colour, and have an abdomen that can range from yellow to beige. Both sexes range in size from 5 to 10 mm. Some yellow sac spiders are attracted to the smell of volatiles in gasoline.
Distribution.
"Cheiracanthium" is primarily an Old World genus, with many species found from northern Europe to Japan, from Southern Africa to India and Australia. The only known species in the New World are "C. inclusum" and "C. mildei". While the former also occurs in Africa and Réunion, the latter is found in the Holarctic region and Argentina. They can also be found in the lower mainland of British Columbia, Canada 
Venom.
"Cheiracanthium" venom is purportedly necrotic, and it could cause a small lesion in humans. However, the necrotic nature and severity of the spider's bite has been disputed. Because of the possibly necrotic nature of the wound, MRSA infection is a danger and victims are advised to seek medical treatment. Painful bites may be incurred from such species as "C. punctorium" in Europe, "C. mildei" in Europe and North America, "C. inclusum" in the Americas, "C. lawrencei" in South Africa and "C. japonicum" in Japan. 
Attraction to vehicle engines.
An unspecified "Cheiracanthium" species is attracted to the smell of petroleum and has caused problems by weaving webs inside the canister vent of particular models of Mazda vehicles, resulting in blockages and build-up of pressure that could potentially cause fuel leakage from the fuel tank and an increased risk of fire. Mazda issued a voluntary recall of Mazda 6 models built between 2010-2012, to fit them with software which would alert drivers if problems were developing.

</doc>
<doc id="5982452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982452" title="List of lieutenant governors of Rhode Island">
List of lieutenant governors of Rhode Island

The current lieutenant governor of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations is Elizabeth H. Roberts.
In Rhode Island, the lieutenant governor and governor of Rhode Island are elected on separate tickets.
Deputy Governors of the Colony of Rhode Island.
"The Royal Charter was suspended from 1686 until 1689."
Deputy and lieutenant governors of the State of Rhode Island.
"The title was changed to “Lieutenant Governor” in 1798."
"Lieutenant Governors Under The Constitution, 1843 –"
Current Controversies.
During the 2010 elections, the Cool Moose Party of Rhode Island submitted Robert Healey as candidate for Lieutenant Governor. He ran on the proposition that he will attempt to abolish the office of Lieutenant Governor.
References.
Office of the Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island

</doc>
<doc id="5982455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982455" title="Ural-4320">
Ural-4320

The Ural-4320 is a general purpose off-road 6x6 truck, produced at the Ural Automotive Plant in Miass, Russia for use in the Russian army. Introduced in 1976, it is still in production today.
The wheel arrangement for the Ural-4320 was designed for transporting cargo, people and trailers on all types of roads and terrain. It also serves as a launching platform for the BM-21 "Grad" rocket launcher.
The Ural-4320 is a diesel-powered development of the Ural-375D. The Ural-4320 chassis has good ground clearance, so it is preferred in regions where roads are difficult to traverse due to sand or big rocks. In the proverbial Russian tradition, the Ural-4320 is reliable and easy to repair and maintain. It has civilian uses as a fire truck, a garbage truck, or a logging truck. It is also used for water, oil and gas drilling using the 1BA15 and URB-3A3 drilling rigs, which are mounted on the Ural-4320 chassis.
The Ural-43206 is a 4x4 version.
Specifications.
Early versions of the Ural 4320 were fitted with the Kamaz 740 V8 diesel engine.
ohv, displacement 10,857 cc (bore/stroke 4.72"), compression ratio 16:1. Power at 2,600 rpm. Torque at 1,500 rpm.
Versions.
Cab and tail options:
All versions are equipped with IVECO cabs
Variants.
Military.
Equipped with a cargo bed,
it can be used to transport troops weapons and other supplies.
It has two collapsible benches and a canvas top to protect from
the elements.

</doc>
<doc id="5982457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982457" title="Armadillo Run">
Armadillo Run

Armadillo Run is the title of a transport puzzle video game created by Peter Stock. The game is currently in version 1.0.6, and is only legally available from the Armadillo Run website.
Objective.
The aim of the game is to get Armadillo, a yellow basketball-like object (a stylized representation of a rolled-up armadillo) to the blue goal (a "Portal") by creating a structure using various materials that, when activated, will get Armadillo to the goal while keeping within a sometimes strict budget. The gameplay can be described as a mix of Bridge Builder and The Incredible Machine, and is certainly inspired by Rube Goldberg. Its creator, Peter Stock, cites Bridge Builder and Stair Dismount for the construction and dynamic natures of the game, respectively.
Gameplay.
The main game has 50 "normal" levels to complete, and several bonus levels if the player has enough money to unlock them.
Every level begins with the Armadillo, the goal, various nodes and, most of the time, some pieces which cannot be moved. The larger nodes are fixed in place; these are indestructible, and are used as mounting points. The player has access to rope, metal bars, metal sheets, cloth, rubber, elastic and rockets as machine building materials. The player can also change the tension of most of the components, as well as setting a timer for some of the components to break. In some levels, certain features or materials are not available. It is up to the player to ensure the structure gets the Armadillo to the goal within the budget for that level, and holds it there for five seconds.
Each material has a cost associated with using it, and the player has a certain amount of money to use for each level. If they create a structure that gets the armadillo to the goal, but costs more money than the player has for that level, the player will fail that level. Because there is a virtually unlimited number of solutions for each level, players are encouraged to try to come up with the cheapest way possible to finish the level.
Armadillo Run also has a level editor, and encourages players to share their levels with each other through the Armadillo Run website. Players can also share their solutions to levels through the website, so that if they are truly stuck, they can see how others have completed that level and attempt to complete it with more money left in the bank.
Players can also create levels where the viewer does not need to edit anything (and sometimes cannot.) These levels display ingenious ways to complete the level, with everything from simulated rollercoasters to abstract car chase sequences, and show extensive use of the game's physics engine.
Reception.
The game has been well received by reviewers; Metacritic puts its average review score at 88%. It also earned a Gold Award from Game Tunnel, and an 88% from PC Gamer UK.
It was also nominated for the 2007 Independent Games Festival for both the Seumas McNally Grand Prize and Design Innovation awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5982464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982464" title="Wheat germ oil">
Wheat germ oil

Wheat germ oil is extracted from the germ of the wheat kernel, which makes up only 2.5% by weight of the kernel Wheat germ oil is particularly high in octacosanol - a 28-carbon long-chain saturated primary alcohol found in a number of different vegetable waxes. Octacosanol has been studied as an exercise- and physical performance-enhancing agent. Very long chain fatty alcohols obtained from plant waxes and beeswax have been reported to lower plasma cholesterol in humans. Wheat germ oil is also very high in vitamin E (255 mg/100g), and has the highest content of vitamin E of any food that has not undergone prior preparation or vitamin fortification. As a cooking oil, wheat germ oil is strongly flavored, expensive and easily perishable. Wheat germ oil contains the following fatty acids:
Other uses of wheat germ oil have also been explored, including increasing blood flow and reaction time. Further uses include treatment of certain skin conditions such as scarring and inflammation.

</doc>
<doc id="5982473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982473" title="Minto Sailing Dinghy">
Minto Sailing Dinghy

The Minto Sailing Dinghy is a sailing dinghy first produced commercially in the early 1960 and still in production.
Initial version.
The Minto Sailing Dinghy began its life as a skiff for a 24 foot sloop built by Hugh Rodd at Canoe Cove on Vancouver Island. The sloop was commissioned by a Vancouver Island printer who had made some money from an investment in the Minto Mine in British Columbia, and hence he named the sloop "Minto". After returning from World War II in 1946 Rob Wittlesey purchased the Minto and shortly thereafter traded the skiff, with "MINTO RVYC" carved into its transom, to Bob Schoen of Orcas Island for a smaller dinghy.
First commercial fiberglass version.
The Minto skiff eventually got stored in Bob's barn, where his friend Heine Dole, a NW marine architect, saw it and convinced Bob it would make a great dinghy reproduced in fiberglass. Heine took the skiff to Ed Hoppen, the Gig Harbor boat builder who was the original builder of the popular Thunderbird sailboats. After cutting out about two feet and reshaping the hull, Dole and Hoppen used the old Minto skiff as the plug for the first fiberglass Minto mold. Initially the objective was to only build five boats for themselves, Bob Schoen, and some friends. Hull number one was destroyed in trying to remove it from the mold, but hulls two through six did survive and are still in use today. As interest in the attractive little boats grew Hoppen was prompted by numerous requests to put the Minto into regular production. Ed Hoppen produced a couple hundred EDDON Boat Yard Minto's in the early 1960s, and then in the mid-1960s licensed Howard Smith, the owner of Ranger Boats in Kent, Washington, to add the Minto to his increasing line of small rowing and sailing craft. Until Ranger was sold in 1999, "Smitty" produced about 1000 Ranger Minto's, becoming one of the most popular and recognized yacht tenders in the NW. 
Although the little steamship graphic displayed on the sails of the EDDON, Ranger and Rich Passage Boats Minto dinghies implies a direct link to the SS Minto steamship that operated on Arrow Lake in British Columbia for over 50 years, the association was created by Ed and Heine. They were looking for a way to make the new little fiberglass dinghy distinctive and they thought there was a similarity to the life boats used on the SS Minto and so chose the steamship graphic for the Minto.
2005 Revival.
In 2005 Rich Passage Boats, LLC of Port Orchard WA put the Minto back into production as the Rich Passage Minto, using one of the two former Ranger Minto molds. The Three Tree Point Yacht Club of Des Moines, WA has been hosting the Minto Mingle for 29 years. To see a video clip of the 2007 TTPYC Minto Mingle go to YouTube and search for "Minto dinghy".

</doc>
<doc id="5982478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982478" title="Rossioglossum grande">
Rossioglossum grande

Rossioglossum grande (tiger orchid) is an epiphytic species of orchid native to the area from Chiapas to Costa Rica. The plant may grow four to eight flowers, each may reach up to 13 inches in diameter. The flowers are a glossy bright golden yellow with brown barring. Larger pedals are yellow with the lower half red-brown. The lip is white and sometimes flecked with red-brown. The pseudobulbs carry a gray-green color to them, and grow from 4 to 10 cm, each with two leaves. It prefers hot, wet summers and cool, dry winters. It mainly flowers in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="5982494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982494" title="San Joaquin County Historical Society and Museum">
San Joaquin County Historical Society and Museum

The San Joaquin County Historical Society and Museum is located just south of Lodi, California. It was established in 1966 through an agreement between the County of San Joaquin and the San Joaquin County Historical Society. The museum has over of exhibit and work space. Their collections have grown from a few hundred items from the estate of William G. and Julia Harrison Micke to over 50,000 items representative of the development of San Joaquin County agriculture and history. The museum was accredited by the American Alliance of Museums in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="5982498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982498" title="Benny Kohlberg">
Benny Kohlberg

Benny Tord Kohlberg (born 17 April 1954 in Arvika, Värmland) is a retired Swedish cross-country skier who competed during the 1980s. He won a gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Kohlberg's best individual finish was third at a World Cup competition in 1982 in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5982526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982526" title="Harefield Road tube station">
Harefield Road tube station

Harefield Road tube station was a proposed London Underground station on the western extension of the Central line beyond its current terminus at West Ruislip.
Under the London Passenger Transport Board's 1935–1940 New Works programme, the station would have been built on the existing Great Western & Great Central Joint Railway (GW&GCJR) line between West Ruislip and Denham, the extension's intended terminus.
Like many other new stations built by London Underground in rural areas around the capital, the construction of the station was intended to stimulate new housing developments in what was a rural part of Middlesex. Works on the extension were postponed during World War II and, after the war, green belt legislation was introduced to limit the expansion of urban areas. The area beyond West Ruislip was within the designated Metropolitan Green Belt and the intended developments were no longer allowed. Consequently the extension was cut back to West Ruislip, and opened in stages in 1947 and 1948.
Earlier station.
The Central Line station site - immediately west of the Harvil Road overbridge - was that of an earlier station on the GW&GCJR line. That station opened on 24 September 1928 as "Harefield Halt" and was renamed "South Harefield Halt" in May 1929. It was served by shuttle trains forming the main line local service between Uxbridge High Street, Denham and Gerrards Cross. However, the station lay two miles south of Harefield village and the building boom for which the later Central Line extension was intended to cater had not occurred; traffic was so thin that the Halt closed again on 1 October 1931. The small goods yard closed at the end of 1952, and the site is now occupied by a commercial company: it has no rail access. The location of Denham East Junction lies immediately to the west of the old goods yard. No trace remains of the 1928 halt.

</doc>
<doc id="5982527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982527" title="Like the Clouds, Like the Wind">
Like the Clouds, Like the Wind

Story.
Ginga is a simple—yet energetic—country girl, living with her father far from the capital city of the empire in ancient China. When she learns of an opportunity to become a concubine of the young new Emperor, with the possibility of getting a regular food supply in the bargain, Ginga convinces her father to let her go. Once there, she meets all of the other potential head wives, each of whom have various reasons for being there. All of them must learn to read and write, learn the history of their country, and learn the proper mannerisms for being in the royal court.
Ginga's enthusiasm tends to get her in trouble more often than not, but it works to her advantage when they learn that the former emperor's head wife, who is not the mother of the current emperor, is plotting treachery against the new emperor, and that a rebellion is headed toward the capital.
Novel.
The novel, , won the first Japan Fantasy Novel Award in 1989, and then received sponsorship to become a film from Mitsui Real Estate. The novel has been released in both hardcover and bunkobon format.
Anime.
"Kumo Kaze", as it is sometimes called, had its premier broadcast on March 21, 1990 during the vernal equinox national holiday, and was shown in an unprecedented no-commercials presentation. The movie was released on Region 2 DVD in 2002. There is no commercial English release.
Theme song.
"Kumo no yō ni Kaze no yō ni"

</doc>
<doc id="5982533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982533" title="Aarons">
Aarons

Aarons may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5982536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982536" title="Ali Reza Pahlavi">
Ali Reza Pahlavi

Alireza Pahlavi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5982556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982556" title="Jane Gaskell">
Jane Gaskell

Jane Gaskell is a British fantasy writer. Gaskell was born in 1941, in Lancaster, England. She wrote her first novel "Strange Evil", when she was 14. It was published two years later. John Grant has described "Strange Evil" as "a major work of the fantastic
imagination", and compared it to George MacDonald's "Lilith" and 
David Lindsay's "A Voyage to Arcturus". China Miéville lists "Strange Evil" as one of the top 10 examples of weird fiction. John Clute called it "an astonishingly imaginative piece of fantasy by any standards." 
Gaskell's horror novel "The Shiny Narrow Grin" (1964) featured a sympathetic, tormented vampire. "The Shiny Narrow Grin" was described by Brian Stableford as one of the first "revisionist
vampire novels", whose most successful exemplar was "Interview with the Vampire" by Anne Rice. "The Shiny Narrow Grin" was also listed by horror historian Robert S. Hadji
in his list of "unjustedly neglected" horror novels. 
Her "Atlan" saga is set in prehistoric South America and in the mythical world of Atlantis. The series is written from the point of view of its clumsy heroine Cija, except for the last book, which is narrated by her daughter Seka. In 1970 she received the Somerset Maugham Award for her novel "A Sweet Sweet Summer" 
(jointly with Piers Paul Read who received it for his "Monk Dawson.") "A Sweet, Sweet Summmer" features aliens visiting a violent future Earth; Baird Searles stated the book makes "
"A Clockwork Orange" look like "Winnie the Pooh"". 
From the 1960s to the 1980s, Gaskell worked as a journalist on the "Daily Mail". She later became a professional astrologer.

</doc>
<doc id="5982564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982564" title="Albany-class cruiser">
Albany-class cruiser

The "Albany" Class guided missile cruisers were converted "Baltimore" and "Oregon City" class heavy cruisers of the United States Navy. All original superstructure and weapons were removed and replaced. The converted ships had new very high superstructures and relied heavily on aluminum to save weight.
Class description.
The conversion was extensive, stripping the ships down to their hulls, removing all armament and the ship's superstructure. , an Oregon City class cruiser, was converted at Boston Naval Shipyard starting in January 1959 and recommissioned as CG-10 on November 3, 1962. , a Baltimore class cruiser, was converted at San Francisco Naval Shipyard starting in July 1959 and was recommissioning as CG-11 on May 2, 1964. was originally slated to be CG-12, but was converted instead. "Columbus" was converted at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard beginning in September 1959 and recommissioning as CG-12 on December 1, 1962. and were also proposed for conversion to CG-13 and CG-14, but those plans were dropped because of the high cost of the conversion and capabilities of newer guided missile frigates.
Weapons and systems.
The weapon systems carried included the Mk 77 missile fire-control system with four AN/SPG-49 fire-control radars and two Mk 12 twin launchers for their armament of 104 Talos long-range surface-to-air missiles, one forward and one aft. These cruisers also carried an armament of 84 shorter-ranged Tartar missiles launched from two Mk 11 twin launchers, one to the port of and one to the starboard of the cruiser's main superstructure. The Tartar missiles were controlled by the Mk 74 missile fire-control system with four AN/SPG-51 fire-control radars. Some space was allocated amidships on these cruisers for the possible installation of eight Polaris missiles, but the concept to add these ballistic missiles were dropped in mid-1959.
For anti-submarine warfare (ASW), one eight-cell Mk 112 "matchbox" ASROC missile launcher was installed amidships on each of these cruisers, located between their two stacks. Also for ASW purposes, two triple Mk 32 torpedo tubes for the Mk 46 ASW torpedo were installed.
These cruisers were initially converted into all-missile warships with no naval guns, but later on, two open-mount Mk 24 5-inch 38 calibre guns were added to the port side and the starboard side, near their aft exhaust stacks.
In the late 1960s "Chicago" and "Albany" underwent major engineering overhauls and both the missile systems ("Talos" and "Tartar") had new digital fire control system upgrades to handle the increasing threat from "Soviet Navy" anti-ship cruise missiles and aircraft. "Columbus" did not receive these missile system upgrades due to lack of funding. The "Talos" system was deactivated on the "Albany class" (leaving them with the "Tartar" as the only SAM system operational) and all other ships in the fleet that carried it during 1976.
In late 1979 the two surviving ships ("Chicago" and "Albany") were scheduled for massive overhauls. SM-1 (MR) missiles (which were to replace the "Tartar" system), as well as 2 Phalanx CIWS and 2 four-cell Harpoon missile launchers were planned to be installed, as well as a major refitting of the ships machinery, structure, and electronics. The funding appropriated for this work was diverted however, to other ships and both cruisers were finally decommissioned in 1980.
Service history.
All three ships served extensively through the 60's and 70's with Chicago being a long time flagship for the Third Fleet in the Pacific, and the Albany serving likewise as the Second Fleet flagship in the Western Atlantic and as the Sixth Fleet flagship in the Mediterranean. "Columbus" did not receive the extensive Talos fire-control upgrades and extensive refits that the other two ships received in the late 60's, though she did receive engineering overhauls to allow her remain active until she was decommissioned early in 1976, and then immediately sold for scrap. "Albany" and "Chicago" soldiered on until 1980, and while funding for massive overhauls for both was appropriated for 1979, the funds were diverted to other projects, and both ships were laid up in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5982565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982565" title="Freelanthropy">
Freelanthropy

Freelanthropy was started in 2004 to help non-profit organizations raise money online.
Freelanthropy was developed to tap the power of "pay per click" (PPC) search advertising for non-profit organizations. In August 2004 along with its parent company, Freelanthropy was merged with Vendare Media and Freelanthropy launched to the public in early 2005 with its first product, the Charitable Toolbar, powered by Yahoo! and AskJeeves (now Ask.com) search services. Dan Sheehy, who had originally conceived the idea and retained social entrepreneur Thorsten Hoins to develop the beta site, purchased Freelanthropy from Vendare in December 2005.
Current business.
Freelanthropy still offers free customized browser search toolbars to non-profit organizations, but no installed software is required to use the service and Freelanthropy's offerings have expanded to include a consumer search portal that allows users to designate support for any one of more than 1.3 million 501(c) and 527 group organizations (registered US non-profits) in Freelanthropy's database. In 2006 Freelanthropy entered into a new multi-year partnership with Yahoo! who now exclusively powers the search experience for both Freelanthtropy's custom browser toolbars as well as the Freelanthropy.com search portal. Ask.com is no longer involved. Freelanthropy also helps to generate revenue for its non-profit partners through its "Shop & Give" directory which includes hundreds of online merchants. When people access any of these merchants through Freelanthropy's Shop & Give program, money is raised for the designated non-profit organization. All of Freelanthropy's services are completely free for its non-profit partners, their constituents, as well as the general public that support charities through the Freelanthropy.com search portal. Freelanthropy does not collect any personally identifiable information (PII). The toolbars that Freelanthropy creates for its nonprofit partners are free of any adware, spyware or "malware," and function purely to reinforce the charities' brand with their supporters, facilitate Yahoo searches, and deliver messages from the charities to their supporters via the toolbar's RSS feature.

</doc>
<doc id="5982573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982573" title="Alexander Batyuk">
Alexander Batyuk

Alexander Mikhaylovich Batyuk (; born January 14, 1960 in Chernihiv, Soviet Union now Ukraine) is a former Soviet cross country skier who competed in the 1980s, training at Dynamo in Chernihiv. He won a silver in the 4x10 km relay at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Batyuk also won two medals in the 4x10 km relay at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in 1982 (tied with Norway) and a silver in 1987.
His best individual finish was sixth twice in the World Cup (1984, 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="5982580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982580" title="Sergio Markarián">
Sergio Markarián

Sergio Apraham Markarián Abrahamian (born November 1, 1944 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football coach of Armenian descent. He is the former head coach of the Peruvian national football team.
Early life.
Markarián lived in Argentina during most of his childhood and adolescent years, from 7 to 18 years of age. He played football as a left center back defender until he was 17 years of age. Never making it to professional football, he entered into university studies and started working in a large fuel distribution company in Uruguay, eventually reaching the post of general manager. It was the Uruguay loss against Holland in the 1974 FIFA World Cup which spurred Markarian to realise that coaching football was his vocation. Markarian abandoned his well-paid post as general manager, taking many risks, even when facing criticism from colleagues and friends, in order to dedicate his life to coaching professional football. Markarian lost status and spending power and endured 10 difficult years at the beginning of his coaching career. As he stated, "I had to sell my Mercedes Benz and start catching the bus!"
Markarián followed his heart and has become a well-respected professional coach. He is recognized for being a great tactician, which earned him the nickname, "El Mago" ("The Magician" in Spanish).
Coaching career.
Even though he set out with the idea for the improvement of Uruguayan football, he never coached professionally in Uruguay. Markarian started his career in 1974 coaching the Reserves of Club Atlético Bella Vista of Uruguay and went on to coach the first team. Markarian made his professional coaching debut as a coach for the football club, Olimpia Asunción of Paraguay in 1983. He won the Paraguayan league with Olimpia the very same year he started coaching in 1983 and then again in 1985. After his four year stay at Olimpia, he made the move to the Paraguayan club, Sol de America, leading them to win the Torneo Republica and to become the Paraguayan league runner-up in 1989. He then made the move to another Paraguayan giant, Cerro Porteño, winning the Torneo Republica in 1990. 
Markarian coached the Paraguay U-23 National Team in 1992, winning the South American Pre-Olympic Championships and a spot to compete in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. From 1993 to 1997, Markarian coached the Peruvian teams, Universitario de Deportes and Sporting Cristal winning one Peruvian league title with each of them. Markarian is also recognized for taking Sporting Cristal to the Copa Libertadores Final in which Sporting Cristal was the runner-up.
In 1998, Markarian coached the Greek team, Ionikos, reaching fifth place in the Greek league and qualifying them for the UEFA Cup.
Markarian became the coach of the Paraguay National team from 1999 through 2001 qualifying Paraguay to the 2002 World Cup in Korea and Japan. He was fired by the Paraguayan Football Association in 2001 prior to the World Cup because he had lost his last two qualifier matches, a 3-1 away loss against Venezuela and a 0-4 home loss against Colombia. He was to be replaced by the Italian coach, Cesare Maldini.
After coaching the Paraguay National team, Markarian returned to Greece and became the head coach of Panathinaikos in 2002 reaching the quarter finals in the UEFA Champions League. Markarian resigned his post as head coach in May, 2002 only to return in October saying that he "needed time off to collect his thought and relax". The following season, Markarian led them to the quarter finals of the UEFA Cup but lost to Jose Mourinho's FC Porto. In 2005, the Iraklis Thessaloniki Greek team hired him to help improve their first division standings.
After coaching in Greece since 2002, Markarian returned to Paraguay to coach Libertad from 2005 to 2007, winning Paraguayan League titles in 2006 and 2007. 
Markarian was appointed coach of Mexico's Cruz Azul in June 2007 and took them to the Apertura final but lost to Santos Laguna. He walked away a year later because of differences he had with the club's board regarding how to reinforce the squad.
He had the option to be the head coach of Costa Rica national team, but the Costa Rican Football Federation picked Rodrigo Kenton as their head coach.
Markarian coached Universidad de Chile in 2009, winning the Chilean Torneo Apertura- the first title the Universidad de Chile had won in the last 5 years- before then terminating his contract due to differences with the club's management only six months into the year.
On July 2010, Markarian was appointed as the new head coach of the Peruvian national team for the upcoming 2011 Copa America and the 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers. Markarian succeeded José del Solar who led the Peruvian team in a disastrous campaign, finishing last during the most recent World Cup qualifiers. Under great expectation from the media, Markarian stated in a press conference, "I expect from my heart that this will be my best work in my career as a coach". Markarian's objective is to qualify Peru to the next World Cup and recover the luster that Peruvian football once had. This could prove to be a great challenge since Peru has missed out on the last 7 editions of the World Cup. Markarian has set out to overcome this challenge with the help of his assistants Pablo Bengoechea and Óscar Aguirregaray and Physical Coach Gonzalo Barreiro. Markarian is currently the third best paid coach in South America earning $760,000 a year. Only Mano Menezes and Marcelo Bielsa have higher salaries than Markarian. After the 1-0 loss in a friendly game with Panama in October, Markarian excluded players Reimond Manco, Jefferson Farfán, and John Galliquio from the squad because they reportedly went to a Panama City club despite orders not to go out.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5982585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982585" title="A Pleasant Shade of Gray">
A Pleasant Shade of Gray

A Pleasant Shade of Gray is a concept album by the progressive metal group Fates Warning, released in 1997. It contains one song divided into twelve parts and is noted for its darker mood and more progressive style.
Overview.
"A Pleasant Shade Of Gray" is a single song that is divided into twelve tracks. The album is notable for its darker mood and mixture of progressive rock and metal with hints of industrial, classical, and psychedelia. Jim Matheos wrote the album following Fates Warning's 1994 tour in support of "Inside Out", with Matheos mailing tapes to Ray Alder and Mark Zonder. The record was recorded after two weeks of live rehearsals. It took approximately one month in Carriage House studio with Terry Brown producing to complete the recording. Former Armored Saint bassist Joey Vera and former Dream Theater keyboard player Kevin Moore were recruited to complete the recording lineup of Matheos, Alder, and Zonder.
Matheos said that the genesis of "A Pleasant Shade of Gray"'s stark departure was the similarity of the previous two albums. "I think all of our records have been drastically different with the exception of "Inside Out" and "Parallels" [...] Looking back, that might not have been such a good move. We repeated ourselves and when we stepped away from it at the end of touring with it we weren't pleased with that; so this time we've done something radically different."
In 2007 the album was re-released by Metal Blade Europe with a bonus DVD of the "Pleasant Shade of Gray Live" video, previously only on VHS.
Reception.
The sound is less accessible than Fates Warning's other works and many say that the album required repeated listens to sink in; critics and fans have often had mixed opinions as a result. Indeed, the album has often polarized fans.
Sputnik Music gave the album 3.5 stars and noted that the album's has held up well with the passage of time: "It wasn't until later that people began to regard "A Pleasant Shade of Gray" in a more positive light, and its popularity subsequently grew as the album is now considered inimitable in the progressive genre."
In 2005, the album was ranked number 416 in "Rock Hard" magazine's book of "The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time".
However, Allmusic panned the album, criticizing "the guitar riffs and melodic hooks simply not that memorable, requiring way too many listens before leaving any lasting impressions and overshadowing the band's remarkable musicianship [... All told, "A Pleasant Shade of Gray" is a challenging listen and not for the faint of heart."
Credits.
Production and art.
The credits thank former bassist Joe DiBiase, who departed the band in 1995; "A Pleasant Shade of Grey" was the first Fates Warning album without DiBiase.

</doc>
<doc id="5982588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982588" title="Texas Bullets">
Texas Bullets

The Texas Bullets were a team in the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 1998. The Bullets franchise was owned by Wayne Stigler, who also was the team's head coach. The Bullets played their home games at the Bell County Expo Center in Belton, TX., with the team offices located in Temple, TX. The team's color's were: Black, Turquoise, & Silver. The Bullets suffered disappointing attendance and the costs of taking the team on a road trip to Hawaii to take on the Honolulu Hurricanes, proved too much. The team folded after ten regular season games. Of the eight clubs that were in the first batch of PIFL franchises in '98, six still existed. The Bullets franchise was moved to Austin, TX. in 1999 and renamed the Texas Terminators in the renamed Indoor Professional Football League.
The Bullets played three preseason PIFL games in 1997-1998. All were losses on the road:

</doc>
<doc id="5982589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982589" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (New Zealand)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (New Zealand)

The New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT) is the New Zealand Government ministry responsible for promoting New Zealand's interests in trade and international relations.
It is responsible to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Murray McCully, as well as the Minister for Trade, Tim Groser and Prime Minister John Key. It provides advice to the New Zealand Government on international issues.
The ministry represents New Zealand interests to other governments, including at the United Nations, APEC and the WTO. It takes an active role in the Asia-Pacific region, and has been involved in regional security initiatives such as the RAMSI intervention in the Solomon Islands, and negotiating and implementing a peace agreement in Bougainville. It is active in developing export opportunities for local companies, and in 2008 negotiated a free trade agreement with China.
The Ministry has 653 staff based in Wellington and 661 staff overseas, with consulates and embassies in 53 posts worldwide.
It used to sponsor the Centre for Strategic Studies New Zealand in conjunction with other NZ Government ministries, though the Centre is now part of Victoria University of Wellington.
The Ministry acts in a supervisory capacity (shared with the Ministry of Economic Development) for the delivery agency known as New Zealand Trade and Enterprise.
NZAID.
The New Zealand overseas development aid agency New Zealand Agency for International Development (NZAID) was a semi-autonomous agency within the ministry, until it was brought back into the ministry as the International Development Group (IDG). It is a major provider of aid to the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="5982594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982594" title="Momodu Munu">
Momodu Munu

Momodu Munu (born 1938) is a former diplomat from Sierra Leone. From 1985-1989, Munu served as the Executive Secretary of the Economic Community of West African States.

</doc>
<doc id="5982616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5982616" title="Vladimir Nikitin">
Vladimir Nikitin

Vladimir Vasilyevich Nikitin (; born July 14, 1959) is a former Soviet cross-country skiers who competed in the 1980s, training at Zenit. He won a silver in the 4x10 km relay at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Nikitin also won a gold medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships (tied with Norway).
His best individual finish was fourth in the 1983 World Cup event in Canada.

</doc>
