<doc id="5963247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963247" title="ZX Spectrum graphic modes">
ZX Spectrum graphic modes

The ZX Spectrum is generally considered to have limited graphical capabilities in comparison to some other home computers of the same era such as the Commodore 64, largely due to its lack of a dedicated graphics chip. Nevertheless, throughout its commercial life and later activity on the demoscene, various techniques have been developed to provide (or emulate) improvements to the Spectrum's graphical output.
Color palette.
The ZX Spectrum (and compatibles) computers uses a variation of the 4-bit RGBI palette philosophy. This results in each of the colors of the 3-bit palette having a "basic" and "bright" variant, with the exception of black. The "bright" half of the palette is generated using the video display's maximum voltage levels for each of the three R/G/B color components that a color uses. The "basic" half of the palette is displayed by simply reducing these voltages.
Unlike most RGBI palettes, the ZX Spectrum swaps the color components around a bit: Blue has a binary weight of 1, Red has a weight of 2, while Green has a weight of 4. As with any binary number, these weights add up to produce a single decimal number that matches the displayed color, the effect of which can be seen in the table below (pay special attention to the "binary value" column).
For any value of "n" from 0 to 7, the following commands can be used to set or alter the screen's colors:
Furthermore, the BRIGHT command can be used to change the setting of the PAPER and INK commands' "bright" flag (the "I" in RGB"I"), giving them access to the entire 15-color palette. Settings of "0" and "1" turn bright mode off and on (respectively). Since only one bit within a color attribute byte is used to select the brightness for both foreground and background colors in a color cell, it is not possible to select both "bright" and "basic" color modes in the same color cell. The BORDER command does not use a bright flag, thus only the eight "basic" colors are supported.
Counting from least to most significant bit, an attribute byte dedicates three bits for the foreground color, three bits for the background color, one bit for the bright flag, and one bit for the flashing effect (which causes the video display to alternate foreground and background colors periodically).
Standard mode.
The original ZX Spectrum has a screen resolution of 256×192 pixels. Colour information is overlaid onto this as a grid of 8×8 pixel regions known as attribute blocks; within each attribute block, only two colours may be used out of a palette of 8 (black, blue, red, magenta, green, cyan, yellow and white). Additionally, the entire attribute block may be designated as 'bright', resulting in a total of 15 possible colours (because both bright and dark black is the same color #000000). In many programs this limitation was evident as attribute clash.
Hicolour.
Several third-party Spectrum clones, including the Timex Sinclair machines and the Pentagon, support a screen mode in which attribute blocks are 8×1 pixels in size rather than the usual 8×8. A screen in this mode takes 12 KB RAM. In the case of the Timex, this mode is activated through the command OUT 255,2. In addition, this screen mode can be generated through the use of the MB-02 disk system's DMA hardware (where the technique is known as Multitech), and is also available as Mode 2 on the SAM Coupé.
"8x1" attributes.
On other Spectrum models, this effect can be replicated by exploiting the fact that the ULA re-reads the attribute information on every pixel row when generating the video output; it is possible to write a new value to the relevant memory location in between successive lines, and thus cause a different pair of colours to be shown. However, the Spectrum's processor is not fast enough to write to an entire row of attribute bytes in one scanline, so 8×1 attributes can only be achieved over 18 columns. This technique is variously known as Hicolour, Multicolour, FLI or Rainbow Processor mode.
"8x2" attributes.
A variation on this method is to change the complete row of attributes over the course of two scanlines, resulting in 8×2 pixel attribute blocks over the full width of the screen. In this situation the 128K Spectrum's shadow screen (see below) is commonly used as a back-buffer to ensure that the colour change happens simultaneously across all the attribute bytes.
"4x1" attributes.
A special case of the Hicolour mode involves alternating between the two available colours per attribute cell for 4 pixels each, allowing each 4×1 region to be treated as an independently colourable 'pixel' (although the limitation of one brightness level per 8×1 cell is still in effect).
Multitech monochrome.
By reducing the colour settings of the TV or monitor, it is possible to take advantage of the differences in intensity over the Spectrum's colour range to generate a 15-shade grayscale image at 256×192 resolution.
This technique is most commonly associated with the MB-02's Multitech capabilities, although it would work equally well with any other hicolour method as described above.
512×192, Highres monochrome.
This mode was mainly used to display 64×24 or 80×24 columns text screen and only SAM COUPE mode 3 four colour version of this mode(24KB- 2bits per pixel) Timex Sinclair computers and some Russian clones can display it. There are two graphics editors for this mode and it is supported by BASIC64 and some CP/M implementations. It also takes 12 kB (12 KiB) RAM.
Interlace.
By alternating between two screens on every frame interrupt (50 Hz), it is possible to simulate a doubling of the vertical display resolution from 192 to 384 lines. The Timex clones and ZX Spectrum 128K implement a 'shadow' screen area which can be switched into place through the use of a single OUT command, and this is often utilised to rapidly switch between two images for this purpose (although this can also be achieved with a standard block copy, albeit not over the entire screen). When viewed on a television screen, the flicker is less noticeable than on a monitor. The image is linked to here ("warning": the linked image flickers very rapidly, which could potentially cause seizures in people with photosensitive epilepsy).
The technique does not in fact achieve a true interlaced display, as the Spectrum lacks the ability to synchronise with the display hardware at such a low level. Rather, the effect is more akin to anti-aliasing, with certain pixels appearing at half intensity.
GigaScreen.
Two specially prepared images are displayed on the screen rapidly after each other. The palette is increased to approximately 102 colors due to the color-mixing effects of the rapid flipping between images.
For Pentagon machines, a hardware modification is available which directly combines the two alternate screen areas into the video signal, thus eliminating the flicker associated with this method. Furthermore, the gigascreen and hicolour techniques may be employed together to produce even richer-coloured images; this format has been named DithVIDE and BZither, both names referring to the dithering methods employed when converting true-colour images to the format.
3colour / Multichrome / RGB-3 / Interchrome.
Three separate images, comprising a red, green and blue layer, are displayed on the screen rapidly, one after the other, relying on persistence of vision effects to merge the three layers into a single coloured image. The result is an 8-colour image where each pixel may be coloured independently.
This effect is simulated in another image linked to here ("warning": the linked image flashes colors very rapidly, which could potentially cause seizures in people with photosensitive epilepsy); the flashing is less noticeable when viewed on a television screen.
Emulated.
256×192, 256 colors, "256 Colour Mode", no attributes.
The SPEC256 and EmuZWin emulators have a screen mode 256×192 pixels where each pixel can be in one of 256 colors. This is achieved by extending the word size of the emulated Z80 from 8 bits to 64, making eight bits of data available for each pixel; the screen thus takes 48 kB of memory. This mode only exists on the emulator and software graphics must be modified to use it.
128×192, 64 colors, "TV blur", 32×24 attributes.
Due to the limitations of displaying a computer image on a regular TV, adjacent pixels were in fact blurred out horizontally. This effect was used to increase the number of displayed colours on screen by almost all of the graphic designers, by use of dithering techniques. Some emulators provide some sort of "blur" image processing trying to simulate this effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5963254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963254" title="Isola del Gran Sasso d'Italia">
Isola del Gran Sasso d'Italia

Isola del Gran Sasso d’Italia is a town and "comune" in Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park. The Gran Sasso mountain is the highest mountain in the Apennine chain in Italy.
External links.
<br clear="right">

</doc>
<doc id="5963255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963255" title="Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems">
Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems

SenSys, the ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems, is an annual academic conference in the area of embedded networked sensors.
About SenSys.
ACM SenSys is a highly selective, single-track forum for the presentation of research results on systems issues in the area of embedded networked sensors. This conference provides an ideal venue to address the research challenges facing the design, deployment, use, and fundamental limits of these systems. Sensor networks require contributions from many fields, from wireless communication and networking, embedded systems and hardware, distributed systems, data management, and applications, so SenSys welcomes cross-disciplinary work.
Ranking.
Although there is no official ranking of academic conferences on wireless sensor networks, SenSys is widely regarded by researchers as one of the two (along with IPSN) most prestigious conferences focusing on sensor network research. SenSys focuses more on system issues while IPSN on algorithmic and theoretical considerations. The acceptance rate for 2006 was 19.7% (24 out of 122 papers accepted for publication).
SenSys Events.
SenSys started in year 2003 and following is a list of SenSys events from 2003 to 2012:
Sponsors.
SenSys is sponsored by the following ACM Special Interest Groups:

</doc>
<doc id="5963257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963257" title="You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart">
You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart

"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" is a song recorded by British pop duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, and appears on the duo's album "Savage". It was released as the fourth single from the album in the UK, and the second in the United States.
Song information.
The track is driven by a drum machine and is a mostly synth-based ballad. Lyrically, Lennox sings of mustering the power to leave a destructive relationship with a lover who does not return the affection she deserves (""...a woman's just too tired to think / about the dirty old dishes in the kitchen sink"").
The song's music video continued the concept directed by Sophie Muller (seen earlier in the videos for the singles "Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)" and "I Need a Man", and throughout most of the "Savage" video album). 
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" was the only single from "Savage" to reach the Top 20 in the UK, peaking at number 16 (the duo's 12th overall).
Notes.
From the "Savage" album, 6794-1-R. 
Published by BMG Music Ltd. / Arista Music Inc., ASCAP. 
(P) 1987 RCA (UK) Limited 
From the "Touch" album, AFL1-4917. 
Published by Blue Network

</doc>
<doc id="5963267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963267" title="Tye Waller">
Tye Waller

Elliott Tyrone Waller (born March 14, 1957, in Fresno, California) or more commonly known as Tye Waller or Ty Waller, is the first base coach for Major League Baseball's Oakland Athletics franchise, and a former major league third baseman.
Playing career.
Waller was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 33rd round of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign. He was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 4th round of the 1977 January amateur draft, and signed in May.
After the 1980 season, St. Louis sent Waller to the Chicago Cubs as the player to be named later in an earlier trade that sent Leon Durham and Ken Reitz for Bruce Sutter. After the 1982 season, he was traded by the Cubs to the Chicago White Sox for Reggie Patterson. After the 1983 season, Waller signed with the Houston Astros as a free agent.
Personal.
His brother, Reggie Waller, became a baseball executive. Another brother, Kevin Waller, played in the minor leagues. His nephews, Gerric Waller and Derric Waller, played in the minor leagues as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5963269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963269" title="Bogdan Panait">
Bogdan Panait

Bogdan Panait (born 12 April 1983 in Ploieşti) is a Romanian football player.
Career.
Panait made his professional debut in 2001 at Petrolul Ploieşti and also played between 2003 and 2006 for SC Vaslui. Despite being a fullback, Panait has a great scoring appetite. In the 2005/2006 he scored four goals in 26 league appearances. He was part of Steaua Bucureşti's UEFA Champions League 2006-07 squad during 2006. In winter 2006, a trade between Steaua Bucureşti and SC Vaslui took place: Marius Croitoru to Steaua Bucureşti in exchange for Panait at SC Vaslui and a sum of money. In winter 2009, he was loaned to CS Otopeni, but he failed to avoid relegation with his team. He returned in the summer at SC Vaslui, but he is still on the transfer list.
In August, he was loaned again to CS Otopeni, for a season. He returned in the 2010 summer, where he was released.

</doc>
<doc id="5963287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963287" title="The Rathskeller">
The Rathskeller

The Rathskeller (known as The Rat for short) was a legendary live music venue in Boston, Massachusetts that was open from 1974 to 1997. A dimly-lit, gritty establishment, the Rathskeller was considered the “granddaddy” of Boston rock venues.
During its heyday, the Rat hosted such acts as the Cars, Pixies, Metallica, the Dead Kennedys, The Ramones, Talking Heads, R.E.M. and The Police. From 1980 to 1987, The Hoodoo BBQ—which "Esquire" called one of the “100 Best Restaurants in America”—was located at The Rat.
The Rat was the “Locus of Boston Rock and Roll,” and, while the club was revered for the soon-to-be-huge artists that performed there, it was equally distinguished by the local bands and scenes it helped to nurture. In 1976, the album Live at The Rat was released; it documented not only the music of the time, but the importance of the club in the development of Boston rock and roll. The WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble was held at the Rathskeller for its first three years and was originally referred to as “The Rumble at the Rat.” Other references to the Rat’s cultural impact can be found in the book "All Souls", the film "," and in both "Guitar Hero II" and "".
The Rathskeller closed in November of 1997, and was torn down in October of 2000 to make way for the Hotel Commonwealth, a 148-room luxury hotel of which Boston University is a limited partner.
Notable acts.
"This list was compiled in 2012, based on a survey of more than 400 eyewitness reports from people who frequented the Rat during the years it was open."

</doc>
<doc id="5963295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963295" title="Christiane Paul">
Christiane Paul

Christiane Paul (born 8 March 1974 in Berlin-Pankow) is a German film, television and stage actress.
Paul first worked as a model for magazines such as "Bravo". She was 17 when she obtained her first leading role in the film "Deutschfieber". Prior to her acting career (she has no formal acting training), she studied medicine, successfully completing her studies at the Humboldt University of Berlin; however, she gave up medicine in 2006.
Paul was married to physician Wolfgang Schwenk. She has a son with Schwenk and a daughter from a previous relationship.
Audio books (selection).
read by Christiane Paul:

</doc>
<doc id="5963296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963296" title="Juan José Rodríguez">
Juan José Rodríguez

Juan José Rodríguez Morales (born 23 June 1967) is a retired Costa Rican football player.
Nicknamed "Peché", the defender played for a few teams, including Asociación Deportiva San Carlos.
Rodríguez played for the Costa Rica national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup, although he played no part in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5963298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963298" title="The Miquon School">
The Miquon School

The Miquon School is an independent, parent-owned, elementary school located in Whitemarsh (suburban Philadelphia), Pennsylvania. It was founded by parents in 1932, following the progressive philosophy of John Dewey. Set in a small valley, the 10-acre campus offers woods, fields, and a stream; the natural environment is an essential part of the children's experience and is often the subject of a lesson or extended project. Classrooms are located in many small buildings that are scattered around the entire campus. By design, every room opens to the outside; there are no hallways.
Central to the school's philosophy is that children learn best through inquiry and discovery. They often work independently or in small teams. Julia Finney, who became principal in 2006, has written that the joy of learning is what defines Miquon. Ownership and personal involvement in their work leads to that joy. Typical examples: 5th and 6th graders design personal projects near the end of the school year; third graders have an authors' party in which they share their original writing with parents and other students; a math lesson on scale can lead to constructing a model of the solar system that spans the length of the campus. In accordance with its philosophy, Miquon provides ample "choice time" for children to pursue their own interests. Specialist classrooms (music, science, PE, library, and art) are often open at such times so children can drop in. After graduation, students go to a wide range of middle and upper schools in Philadelphia and the suburbs, including neighborhood schools and academically-selective public programs.
Beginning with a nursery group for 3- and 4-year-olds and culminating at the end of sixth grade, the school believes that treasuring and preserving childhood is one of its core goals. The outdoor play spaces are filled with children of all ages, much like an idealized neighborhood. Inclusion, mutual respect, and peaceful negotiation are necessary for this to succeed, and teachers work with children from the nursery group onward to instill such skills and attitudes. Partnerships between older and younger classrooms help to build a society in which every child is known and can feel secure. A monthly "good-of-the-school" town meeting involves every child from kindergarten and up. Led by sixth graders, the meeting gives children a chance to present problems and work together to find solutions, as well as share classroom news and make announcements.
The teaching staff consists of classroom teachers, specialists, and providers of learning support. Every home classroom is staffed by a group teacher and an assistant. Some teachers are relatively new to the school, while others have taught at Miquon for 35 years or more. The teaching staff and the administrative staff work together closely to create a vibrant and inclusive community. The students are a culturally and ethnically diverse group and come from both traditional and non-traditional families. Parents are essential partners in their children's education. Classrooms are always open to them as visitors and helpers, and teachers sustain frequent communication with them.
See also.
The Crefeld School

</doc>
<doc id="5963306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963306" title="Gracie Humaitá">
Gracie Humaitá

Gracie Humaitá or Academia Gracie de Jiu-Jitsu is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy on Humaitá Street, in Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, founded by Grandmaster Helio Gracie. The Academy offers classes in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, as originally taught by Grandmaster Helio Gracie.
History.
The Academia Gracie was founded by Grand Masters Carlos and Helio Gracie on April 18, 1952 at Avenida Rio Branco 151 on the 17th and 18th floors. The original instructors were Carlson Gracie, Robson Gracie, Joao Alberto Barreto and Helio Vigio. They were supervised by Grand Master Helio Gracie. In 1981 the academy moved to Lagoa for a couple of years before establishing itself inside the Colégio Padre Antonio Vieira, a private Catholic school. Today the school focuses primarily in Sport Jiu-Jitsu, but also does training competitors for a career in MMA (although it isn't recommended, as it is primarily a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training gym and not a MMA training gym).
The gym is currently run by Hélio's sons, Royler and Rolker Gracie. Almost all of the fighters in the famous Gracie family, including Rickson, have trained at the school extensively.
On November 17, 2009 the Gracie Competition Team Academy opened for business in San Diego California. The academy is affiliated with Royler Gracie and Gracie Humaita and is run by Professors Regis Lebre and Johnny Faria and of course Royler Gracie is there frequently to conduct classes. 
Famous students of the Academia Gracie de Jiu-Jitsu include:

</doc>
<doc id="5963310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963310" title="John Cordle">
John Cordle

John Howard Cordle (11 October 1912 – 23 November 2004) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Cordle, the son of Ernest William Cordle, was educated at the City of London School and became managing director of E. W. Cordle and Son Ltd. in 1946. He was also a member of Lloyd's of London. He served as a member of the Church Assembly 1946–53, as a director of the Church Society from 1951 and of the Church of England newspaper from 1959.
Cordle contested the The Wrekin in 1951. He was Member of Parliament for Bournemouth East and Christchurch from 1959 to 1974, and after boundary changes, for Bournemouth East from 1974 to 1977, when he resigned as a result of the John Poulson scandal. David Atkinson was elected as his successor in the subsequent by-election.
Family.
Cordle was married three times. He was first married 1938 (div 1956) to Grace Lucy Walkey (b. 1918); by this marriage, he had issue four sons and a daughter, of whom only two (or three) sons outlived him. 
He married 2ndly 1957 (div 1971) Venetia Caroline Maynard (b. 22 March 1936) by whom he had issue one son and three daughters, including Marina, Viscountess Cowdray. He married 3rdly 1976 Terttu Heikura, his children's nanny who was 35 years his junior, by whom he had two sons. Only this last wife's name was included in his Who's Who entry.
"By his first marriage 1938–1956:"
"By his second marriage 1957–1971"
"By his third marriage 1976–2002 "

</doc>
<doc id="5963314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963314" title="Ousters">
Ousters

In Dan Simmons' "Hyperion" universe, Ousters are the branch of humanity that left the Worldweb and the Hegemony, and chose instead to travel among the stars, adapting away from planetary life and the influence of the TechnoCore. 
From time to time, the Ousters clash with the Hegemony at the edges of Hegemony space, and are generally considered to be the Hegemony's "prime bogeymen" and "interstellar barbarians". In truth, the Ousters are extremely civilized and have evolved far beyond the scope of the Hegemony's imagining. They possess superior technology and their "comet forts and can cities" actually resemble pristine old-Earth countryside, replete with waterfalls, fields, giant tree cities, etc.
The Ousters have twelve 'swarms', or migration clusters consisting of thousands of ships ranging from single-person to massive habitation structures. Many Ousters live outside of the swarms, though, instead cultivating orbital forest rings around distant stars.
The Ousters loathe the TechnoCore and refuse to make use of Farcasters, instead relying upon the Hawking drive for interstellar travel.
The Ousters have a strong ecological sensibility. Their society has learned the lessons of the destruction of Old Earth, and decided that terraforming is the wrong path. Rather than altering existing planets to suit humans, the Ousters alter themselves to fit the environment. Thus the Ousters come in a huge variety of appearances and forms.
In "The Fall of Hyperion", it is revealed that the Templars are in league with the Ousters in their opposition to the TechnoCore and the Hegemony. The government of God's Grove, the Templar homeworld, prepares to greet an incoming fleet of Ousters they believe are participating in a coordinated invasion of the Hegemony. In truth, the fleet inbound to God's Grove proves to be a TechnoCore fleet disguised as Ousters, and the planet is attacked and largely destroyed.
However, subsequent to the events of "The Fall of Hyperion", Templars relocated to Ouster colonies where they are found in "The Rise of Endymion". These colonies experienced the "Shared Moment" of humanity that ensued during the death of Aenea. In the short story "Orphans of the Helix", Templars are found living in an Ouster colony several centuries after the events of the Hyperion Cantos.

</doc>
<doc id="5963330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963330" title="Vertigo Deluxe">
Vertigo Deluxe

Vertigo Deluxe is a Los Angeles-based music production team consisting of Matthew Ferry and Roger Wade. They began in 1996 releasing a variety of Trance music and Electronica singles with modest success. In August 2002 they released a self-titled debut CD on their own Tranquility Recordings label. The new sound contained many elements of the Chill out music and Downtempo genres. 
Their most notable success was co-writing the song "You Won't See Me Cry" with artist/DJ Markus Schulz, which spent 9 weeks on the Billboard magazine Dance Club Play charts in 1999, peaking for 3 weeks at #38.

</doc>
<doc id="5963333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963333" title="Montgomery Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Montgomery Township, Wood County, Ohio

Montgomery Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,230 people in the township, 1,752 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the eastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Three villages are located in Montgomery Township:
Name and history.
Statewide, other Montgomery Townships are located in Ashland and Marion counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Montgomery Township Hall is located on the corner of Mermill Road at Bradner Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5963336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963336" title="List of companies in Sheffield">
List of companies in Sheffield

The following companies are either headquartered or have significant bases in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Sheffield based.
For Former Companies see navigation box at the bottom of page;
Small and start-up tech companies are mainly located in local Innovation Centres, Technology Parks, and other enterprise locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5963368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963368" title="Hugh H. Bownes">
Hugh H. Bownes

Hugh Henry Bownes (March 10, 1920 – November 5, 2003) was a long-serving federal judge in the United States. A native of New York City, Bownes graduated from Columbia College in 1941, and after serving in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, graduated from Columbia Law School in 1948.
Bownes then moved to New Hampshire, where he practiced law for more than 15 years. He served as a city council member and then as mayor of Laconia, New Hampshire. In 1966, he was selected as a member of the Superior Court of New Hampshire, on which he served for two years.
In 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson named Bownes as judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire. In 1977, President Jimmy Carter promoted Bownes to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Bownes served as an active judge of the First Circuit from 1977 to 1989. In 1990, Bownes took senior status on the First Circuit but continued hearing cases until his death in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5963369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963369" title="Daniel Bălan">
Daniel Bălan

Daniel Bălan (born 18 September 1979) is a Romanian football defender.
In 2002 he suffered a severe injury, something similar with the one Marco van Basten had. After 18 months and multiple surgeries he returned to field.

</doc>
<doc id="5963372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963372" title="Joseph N'Do">
Joseph N'Do

Joseph Cyrille N'Do (born 28 April 1976) is a Cameroonian international football player, born in Yaoundé, currently registered with Sligo Rovers in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Club career.
Cameroon.
An attacking central midfielder, Ndo began his career in 1995 with Canon Yaoundé before moving to Cotonsport FC de Garoua in 1997, he won the 1998 Elite One league with Cotonsport before leaving Africa for European football.
France & Switzerland.
Ndo's first European club was Swiss side Neuchâtel Xamax. He spent the 1998–99 season with Xamax, finishing sixth.
Ndo joined RC Strasbourg and spent the 1999–2000 and 2000–01 seasons with the club. In his final season with Racing the club won the 2000–01 Coupe de France but Strasbourg were also relegated and he moved to the Middle East.
Asia.
Ndo's first Asian team was Saudi Arabian club Al-Khaleej from Saihat in the east of the country he played with them for a season. Ndo moved to Chinese club Chengdu Blades from the Sichuan province, finishing sixth out of 14 teams in the division in his only season.
Ireland.
Ndo's first Irish club was St Patrick's Athletic whom he signed for in 2003. He then signed for Shelbourne in 2004 and made his debut in August against Cork City. Ndo Scored for the Reds against Odense Boldklub in the UEFA Intertoto Cup in July 2006.
Ndo picked up a league winner medal in 2006 after helping Shelbourne to their third league title in four years. In November 2006, he was voted PFAI Player of the Year by his fellow professionals for his contribution to Shelbourne's league winning campaign. Further to this, he featured in the team of the season.
After completing his contracted period with Shelbourne, Ndo rejoined St Patrick's Athletic, when he signed for John McDonnells team at Christmas time in 2006.
He signed for Shamrock Rovers on loan in July 2008, scoring one goal for the Hoops in a Man of the match performance on 29 August.
Ndo signed for Bohemians just before the beginning of the 2009 season and marked his debut for the club with a goal in a 1–0 victory over Dundalk at Oriel Park. However Ndo and Bohs would depart that competition, losing 2–1 on aggregate. He then added to his collection of medals in September as Bohs beat Waterford United in the final of the League of Ireland Cup. He was not done yet as a great run of form towards the end of the season helped Bohs to their second League of Ireland Premier Division title in a row, winning by four points from closest rivals Shamrock Rovers with Ndo scoring vital goals against Drogheda United and Sligo Rovers in the closing games of the season. His performances over the season were rewarded when he was voted on to the PFAI Team of the Year for 2009 along with team mates Brian Murphy, Conor Powell, Ken Oman, Brian Shelley and Gary Deegan.
Like his former manager Pat Fenlon, he is one of a rare group of players to have played for each of Dublin's "Big 4" – St Patrick's Athletic, Shelbourne, Shamrock Rovers, and Bohemians.
On 6 November 2009, Ndo played his last match for Bohemians against Bray Wanderers to clinch the title for the Gypsies after they won the league.
On 23 March 2010, Ndo signed for Sligo Rovers until the end of the season. He had been a free agent after leaving Bohemians at the end of the 2009 season. He was voted man of the match at the 2010 FAI Cup Final, won by Sligo Rovers at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin on 14 November 2010. He continued to haunt former club St Paticks Athletic, under the guidance of new manager Paul Cook, with several man of the match performances during the 2011 season. He remained with Sligo for the 2012 season, and won the League of Ireland for his fourth time. In 2013 he won another FAI Cup medal with Sligo Rovers, helping them beat Drogheda United 3-2 with a controversial assist to Sligo playmaker Danny North.
International career.
He played for the Cameroon national team after being discovered by Claude LeRoy just prior to the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and took part in three matches during that tournament. In the qualifying campaign for the 2002 FIFA World Cup he played three times but Ndo remained an unused substitute in the finals. However, he has not played for Cameroon since 2002, and has publicly expressed his unwillingness to come back. Ndo earned 21 caps while representing his country at senior level.
Honours.
Cameroon.
Cotnsport Garoua
France.
RC Strasbourg
Ireland.
Shelbourne
Bohemians
Sligo Rovers
Career statistics.
Club.
"Correct as of 7 November 2011."

</doc>
<doc id="5963378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963378" title="Grand Opera House, York">
Grand Opera House, York

The Grand Opera House is a theatre in York, England. It is operated as part of the Ambassador Theatre Group. It plays host to touring productions of plays, musicals, opera and ballet, one-off performances by comedians, and other theatrical and musical events. The theatre has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
Origins.
The Grand Opera House was not built as a theatre. It was a conversion of two buildings, one a warehouse, the other a corn exchange designed by G. A. Dean in 1868. The architect, Mr J. P. Briggs of London, was commissioned to perform the conversion, which took three months and cost £24,000. The theatre opened as the Grand Theatre and Opera House on 20 January 1902 with a performance of a pantomime ("Little Red Riding Hood"), starring Florrie Forde.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5963383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963383" title="KMHT (AM)">
KMHT (AM)

KMHT (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Marshall in Harrison County, Texas, USA, the station serves the Longview-Marshall area. The station is currently owned by Hanszen Broadcast Group, Inc.
The station also broadcasts Marshall High School athletics as well as ETBU athletics, TSN (Texas State Network), Texas Rangers, Houston Astros, Dallas Cowboys, Houston Texans, Dallas Mavericks, the University of Texas Longhorn Athletics, and Texas A&M athletics. Other area high school athletics that KMHT covers include Harleton, Karnack, and Waskom.
History.
A group of local veterans returned to Marshall from World War II and took advantage of their right to first preferences of frequencies after the radio frequency freeze was lifted at the end of the war. In 1961, after 14 years of operation, KMHT AM was granted FCC permission to raise the daytime power from 250 watts to 1000 watts. Shortly thereafter, the FCC approved the operation of 1000 Watts around the clock. A later move to a new transmitter site required lowering the power to 650 watts. 
In the late 1990s, KMHT/KZEY was given to Wiley College, a private, four-year liberal arts institution affiliated with the United Methodist Church, by then owner, professional boxer George Foreman. Wiley College later sold the stations to Jerry Russell, a former member of the Tyler City Council. Russell wanted to use KMHT-FM as a repeater for his AM 690 KZEY (which has since gone silent), so KMHT-FM became KZEY-FM. In August 2003, Hanszen Broadcast Group, Inc., purchased KMHT/KZEY and changed the FM back to KMHT-FM.
In the fall of 2006, KMHT 1450 AM changed format to ESPN Radio. The format also includes local sports coverage as well as the network coverage. The KMHT-FM format stayed the same.
KMHT carries "The Bob Griffin Radio Show", broadcast from KEEL (AM) in Shreveport, Louisiana, a program of travel reports, features, area personalities, and uplifting human interest stories, often with Christian testimonies. 

</doc>
<doc id="5963387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963387" title="Avvites (of Philistia)">
Avvites (of Philistia)

The Avvites (or Avvim, ) of Philistia are a group of people mentioned in the Bible and related literature.
Their name is first used in in a description of the conquests that had taken place in the Land of Israel during the Israelite sojourn in Egypt. The passage relates that they were conquered by the Caphtorites who usurped their land.
"And as for the Avvites who lived in villages as far as Gaza, the Caphtorites coming out from Caphtor destroyed them and settled in their place."
Joshua 13:2-3 mentions that their land was considered part of the Canaanite land to be conquered by the Israelites:
"This is the land that yet remaineth: all the regions of the Philistines, and all the Geshurites; from the Shihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the border of Ekron northward, which is reckoned to the Canaanites; the five lords of the Philistines; the Gazites, and the Ashdodites, the Ashkelonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avvim."
The Talmud ("Chullin 60b") notes that the Avvites were the Philistine people in the days of Abraham. Their capital city was Gerar and their king both in the days of Abraham and Isaac bore the name Abimelech. These Philistines are mentioned several times in Genesis. The Table of Nations in Genesis 10 and 1 Chronicles 1 lists them as a people distinct from the Caphtorites noting that they were an offshoot of the Casluhites. Genesis Rabba 26:16 states that they were related to the Rephaites.
The Talmud explains that originally the Israelites were not entitled to conquer the land of the Avvites because of an oath that Abraham had sworn to Abimelech but that this oath no longer applied after the Caphtorites had destroyed them. This view is reiterated in Rashi's commentary on Deuteronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="5963390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963390" title="Light Rail Transit Association">
Light Rail Transit Association

The Light Rail Transit Association (LRTA) is a non-profit organisation whose purpose is to advocate and encourage research into the retention and development of light rail and tramway/streetcar systems. The LRTA publishes the monthly magazine "Tramways & Urban Transit" (formerly "Modern Tramway"), and is based in the United Kingdom but with an international membership and remit. 
History.
The Light Railway Transport League was formed in 1937, renamed the LRTA in 1979. It was formed at a time when Britain's urban tramways were starting to decline.
Because of the decline, the association campaigned for modern light rail in the UK, as typified by some "Stadtbahn" systems in Germany. The openings of the Tyne and Wear Metro in 1980, Manchester Metrolink in 1991 and new tram systems in Sheffield, Birmingham, Croydon and Nottingham are very much in line with the aims of the LRTA.

</doc>
<doc id="5963395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963395" title="Morinomiya Station">
Morinomiya Station

Layout.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
There are two side platforms with two tracks elevated. Tichet gates are located only in the north.
Osaka Municipal Subway.
There are an island platform and a side platform with three tracks under the ground level (2nd basemant).
There is an island platform fenced with platform gates between 2 tracks underground, in the east of the platforms for the Chūō Line.

</doc>
<doc id="5963403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963403" title="Caerwyn Roderick">
Caerwyn Roderick

Caerwyn Eifion Roderick (born 15 July 1927, died 16 October 2011, aged 84) was a British Labour Party politician.
Roderick was the son of David Morgan Roderick of Ystradgynlais, Powys. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Brecon and Radnor from 1970 to 1979, when he lost to the Conservative candidate Tom Hooson.

</doc>
<doc id="5963423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963423" title="Rain, Hail or Shine">
Rain, Hail or Shine

Rain, Hail or Shine, an album by The Battlefield Band, was released in 1998 on the Temple Records label. The total running time is 45:38.

</doc>
<doc id="5963425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963425" title="Aapravasi Ghat">
Aapravasi Ghat

The Immigration Depot () is a building complex located in Port Louis, on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius, which was the first British colony to receive indentured, or contracted, labor workforce from India. From 1849 to 1923, half a million Indian indentured labourers passed through the Immigration Depot, to be eventually transported to plantations throughout the British Empire. The large-scale migration of the laborers left an indelible mark on the societies of many former British colonies, with Indians constituting a substantial proportion of their national populations. In Mauritius alone, 68 percent of the current total population has Indian forebears. The Immigration Depot has thus become an important reference point in the history and cultural identity of Mauritius.
Unchecked infrastructural development in the mid-20th century, however, meant that only the partial remains of three stone buildings from the entire complex have survived. These are now protected as a national monument, under the Mauritian national heritage legislation. The Immigration Depot's role in social history has also been recognized by UNESCO when it was declared a World Heritage Site in 2006. The site is under the management of the Aapravasi Ghat Trust Fund. Conservation efforts are underway to restore the fragile buildings back to their 1860s state.
Name.
The name Aapravasi Ghat, which has been in use since 1987, is a direct Hindi translation of "Immigration Depot". Aapravasi is the Hindi word for "immigrant", while ghat literally means "interface"—factually reflecting the structure's position between the land and sea, and symbolically marking a transition between the old life and the new for the arriving indentured immigrants. Alluding to its function as a pit stop to prospective plantation workers, alternatively called coolies, the Immigration Depot has also been known by an older name, the 'Coolie Ghat'.
The prominent use of the Hindi language in Mauritian naming conventions is based on social and ethnic demographics, with over half of the national population having Indian ancestry, a direct result of the Indian labor diaspora that passed through the Immigration Depot.
Location.
The Immigration Depot was built on the east side of the bay of Trou Fanfaron, a locality within the Mauritian capital city of Port Louis. The historic complex currently consists of the partial remains of three stone buildings dating back to the 1860s that were built on the spot of an earlier depot site. This consists of the entrance gateway and a hospital block, remnants of immigration sheds, and vestiges of the service quarters.
Subsequent land reclamations as a result of urban development have moved the Immigration Depot's location further inland. The Caudan Waterfront, a marina being developed as an economic and tourist center, is situated beyond the site.
History.
Background.
The area where the building complex is situated, Trou Fanfaron, was the landing point for the French East India Company, which took possession of Mauritius in 1721. Slaves were imported from Africa, India and Madagascar to construct defensive walls and a hospital during the early phase of settlement. By the mid-18th century, sugar plantations had been developed on the Island of Mauritius, utilizing slave labor.
In 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars, Mauritius passed to British hands, as confirmed in the Treaty of Paris, at a time when the British Empire was expanding its influence in the Indian Ocean region. British commercial interest led to the rise in the production of sugar, which became the most valuable commodity in European trade beginning in the mid-18th century, throughout the empire in general, and the infrastructure development of Port Louis as a free port in particular.
The abolition of slavery in European colonies in 1834, however, posed a problem for sugar plantations, the operations of which were highly dependent on slave labor. There was a demand for cheaper intensive labor, as the now emancipated slaves were negotiating for higher wages and better living conditions. As a result, the government of the British Empire conceived of a plan to replace the former enslaved Africans with laborers from other parts of the world. The first wave of new plantation workers were laborers from the Portuguese island of Madeira, freed African slaves from America and impoverished Chinese seeking greener pasture. Even though the ethnicity of the plantation workers had changed, the poor working conditions and low living standards remained. These laborers, in the end, could not withstand the manioc and subsistence cultivation.
At the time, India had been experiencing depressed economic situation. This was further aggravated by the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 which devastated the northern part of the subcontinent. It was also deemed that the hard-working but indigent Indians were essentially suited to agricultural labor, able to work hard for low wages, and so providing a potentially massive source of cheap labor. The 'Great Experiment', as the indentured program came to be known, called for these prospective laborers, under a contract labor scheme, to be transported to plantations across the empire to supply the necessary agricultural manpower. This was a system whereby the prospective laborers agreed to work for a determined period of time in return for their cost of passage, basic accommodation and a small wage.
Indentured laborers in Mauritius.
Mauritius became the focus of the Great Experiment, as its plantation economy was still in a state of expansion, hence with room for agricultural flexibility, in contrast to those of the West Indies, which were considered exhausted. The long term planning needed in agriculture meant that plantations were generally unable to respond to the sudden market changes. When the sugar beet proved to be a viable and cheaper alternative to the sugar cane, the established sugar plantations throughout the Caribbean became economic liabilities, while thousands of their contracted workers and slaves were left to wallow. In addition, the island's proximity to India was also an advantage.
From 1834 to 1849, when the first migrations of indentured laborers began, no fixed depot had been established to accommodate the immigrants arriving in Port Louis. The thousands of migrants arriving annually put a stress on the lack of a specialized facility. In 1849, a building dating back to the French administration in the Trou Fanfaron area was chosen as the core of a planned structural complex that would become the permanent depot for immigration. The Immigration Depot, as it came to be known, was continuously enlarged in response to the high number of migrants. This lasted until 1857, when all the available land had been occupied. The adequate space allowed the facility to deal with as much as 1,000 prospective laborers at any one time. Further modifications, for the purpose of service convenience, hygiene and transport, were continuously done. However, the competition from beet sugar caught up with Mauritius’s sugar cane estates. The spread of a malaria epidemic in the 1860s further drove shipping away from the colony, leading to a decline of indentured immigration, culminating in 1923, when it had completely ceased. By then, an estimated 450,000 indentured laborers from India had passed through the Immigration Depot throughout its existence.
State of preservation and protection.
The end of indentured immigration meant that the Immigration Depot had served its purpose. After 1923, the buildings were put to other uses. The structures remained extant until the 1970s, when the construction of a bus station and a corresponding motorway led to the demolition of some of the buildings.
A renewed interest on the site's importance in the 1980s was sparked by the visit to the site by the late Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1970. This led to the protection of the complex's remains as a national monument in 1987, through the national heritage legislation. A landscape project over a part of the site and a series of restoration works were initiated in the 1990s. The lack of a formal conservation plan or a methodical archaeological approach have call into question the site's historic authenticity. 2001 was a landmark year for the site. The Aapravasi Ghat Trust Fund was established to manage the site directly. Its responsibilities include overseeing the excavations and implementing corrective actions on restorations that were haphazardly done since the 1990s. Among the previous preservation works that are being reversed are the landscape project, the hospital building's roof installation, which unfortunately used modern materials, the use of native lime mortar technique in the reconstruction and maintenance of the remaining stone walls, and devising an archaeological strategy to document finds and discoveries, as well as to safeguard the existing artifacts. The objective of the conservation efforts is for the site to regain its appearance in the 1860s. The site's name was officially changed to Aapravasi Ghat that same year. The name change was not without controversy. Although it was meant to reflect the Hindu Indian majority of indentured laborers, the use of the Hindi translation swept away the myriad of other ethnic and religious populations that also passed through the Immigration Depot.
Facilities.
The uncontrolled urban development after the abolition of the indentured system and the late initiative to conserve the site in late 20th century meant that only the partial remains of the place have survived. From the complex founded in 1849, experts estimate that only about 15% still authentically exists today. However, records of the building plan and photographs, as well as recent archaeological evidence, allow for the precise reconstruction of the complex.
Immigrants arriving via the "coolie ships" on the wharf of Trou Fanfaron were led to the Immigration Depot via a series of 14 stone steps, which are presently intact. The walls protecting the wharf along the waterfront are made from a mosaic of dressed stones, as a result of continuous reconstruction over a long period of time. Land reclamations carried out over time to develop the Trou Fanfaron harbor have rendered the historic wharf unusable. The stone steps’ direct access to the sea, the first parts of the Immigration Depot seen by arriving migrants, has become part of history.
Beyond the stone steps is the building complex, which was centered on a yard. The buildings had characteristic French clay tile roofing, the better to provide insulation and ventilation, and bitumen flooring. Continuous site improvements to accommodate the high number of migrants were carried out, including the installation of planked walls as room dividers by the late 1850s. By 1865, transportation needs led to the construction of a railway, cutting the Immigration Depot into two. Walls were constructed along the track.
The still standing stone-arched gateway, also constructed in 1865, greeted the migrants when they entered the complex. Adjoining the structure is a hospital building, consisting of seven rooms that accommodated the staff, including a guard's room, kitchen, surgery room and staff privies. Of these, only the gatekeeper's office and surgery room have survived, while archaeological remains of the kitchen and privies have been found. The remnant of the hospital building received a new roof installation in 2000. The use of modern materials however has been questioned by preservation groups.
The migrants also had an immigration shed, where they stayed for up to three days after arrival before being distributed to the respective local sugar estates or being transported to other colonies. The quarter includes a kitchen, while the immigrants’ privies are located on a separate service quarter, together with the bathing area. A standing stone wall provides the only mute testimony to the existence of the immigrant shed.
Legacy.
Mauritius’s sugar industry.
Mauritius’s local sugar plantations, devastated by the emancipation of the slaves, were given a new lifeline with the establishment of the Immigration Depot. The high number of indentured laborers passing through the facility, to be transported to the various territories of the British Empire, proved to be an endless supply stream of cheap labor. In the period of 1834–60, 290,000 Indian laborers arrived. The pool of labor proved to be so large that, for the next 67 years, indentured contracts were limited to only one year. This sugar revolution led to an increase in volume production, making Mauritius the most important sugar-producing British colony, its sugar export accounting for 7.4 percent of the world's total production by the 1850s.
Mauritius’s dependence on its sugar estates to sustain its economy continued into the early 20th century. The economy prospered during World War I, when supply shortages led to the rise in the market price of sugar. The eventual fall in the price of sugar in the 1930s due to the Depression, the mono-crop agricultural industry and the abolition of the indentured labor system have made the Mauritian economy vulnerable, which culminated in labor unrests in 1937. World War II further aggravated the situation. Hence, economic reforms were carried out to diversify agricultural production and develop other industries beginning in 1945. In the mid-1990s, the agricultural sector only accounted for one-eighth of the country's gross national product, although sugar production still generates one-third of Mauritius’s export earnings, and occupies about 80 percent of the total arable land.
The global system of indentured laborers.
Mauritius was not the pioneering site for the use of indentured labor. In the 17th century, substantial numbers of indentured servants, of European origin, arrived in America, in what were then the British Thirteen Colonies. By the 18th century, it has been estimated that over half of the population of white immigrants in the English colonies of North America may have been indentured servants. However, the scale of the system that was put into operation in Mauritius was unprecedented. It immediately spread throughout the colonies of the British Empire, and was imitated by other European powers, while the Indian labor force was also employed beyond the sugarcane fields, in such workplaces as mines and even railways.
The global system of indentured laborers was abolished in 1918, although in Mauritius, the Immigration Depot still continued operating until 1923. By then, the Great Experiment had seen the transportation of an estimated two million people throughout the world, with Mauritius welcoming the largest contingent of indentured laborers, reaching nearly half a million Indian immigrants. In total, 1.2 million Indian migrants were handled by emigration depots worldwide, becoming the global working class of the British Empire. On a larger picture, the migration of indentured laborers is but a small portion of the Indian diaspora, which has continued through the 20th century to contemporary times. It is estimated that up to 20 million Indians have emigrated from their homeland, making it the largest diaspora in modern times.
Thus, the Immigration Depot is considered to be the site where the modern, large-scale indentured labor diaspora began—the system didn’t only sustain the plantation economies of the British Empire, but also resulted in the transplantation of cultures and shaping of the national identity of former colonies. Countries from the Caribbean to southern Africa to the Pacific currently have substantial Indian populations.
The Mauritian and French poet Khal Torabully, in exploring the mosaic of cultures brought about by the indentured laborers, coined the term "coolitude," re-defining the migration of laborers not just as part of the historical past, but the entanglement of experiences and mosaic imaginaries:
The indentured system also left a sizeable documentary heritage. A comprehensive record was kept of immigrants, from the contracts signed, their photographs, the transportation cost, the accommodation spending and the final destination of laborers. These registers are currently being managed by the Indian Immigration Archives, which is directly administered by the Mahatma Gandhi Institute, an educational institution established in Mauritius, in cooperation with India.
UNESCO, the international organization responsible for the preservation and protection the world's cultural and natural heritage, has recognized the 1,640 m2 site of the Immigration Depot for its outstanding universal importance. It was proclaimed as a World Heritage Site in 2006, citing the buildings as among the earliest explicit manifestations of what was to become a global economic system and one of the greatest migrations in history.
The Mauritian society.
The majority of Indian workers arriving at the Immigration Depot came from the northern part of the subcontinent, corresponding to the present states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. The region was then in turmoil following the 1857 Sepoy Mutiny. Smaller numbers of migrants came from Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. The Indian migrants that passed through the island have left a distinct mark on the Mauritian society. In 1835, a year after the Great Experiment was implemented, Indians constituted less than four percent of Mauritius’s population. However, the steady trickle of laborers changed the demographic face of the colony so that, by 1860, Indians made up more than 66 percent of the population. The colony received such a high proportion of the Indian diaspora that historians have noted the dramatic way the local demography had been altered over such a short period of time, more than in any other sugar-producing British territories. No other indentured migration has so definitely shaped the future of a nation as the movement of Indian workers to Mauritius, with the result of around half a million Indians settling on the island. Today, up to 1.22 million Mauritians, or 68 percent of the national population, have Indian ancestry, called Indo-Mauritians. This Indian heritage, however, had been extant even before the indentured system began, with merchants from the subcontinent, together with Chinese counterparts, settling on the island. In 1806, when Mauritius was still under the French administration, official statistics showed that there were already 6,162 Indians living on the island, in the eastern suburb of Port Louis, known as Camp des Malabars.
Beginning in the 1840s, the emancipated laborers, or those with concluded contracts, were able to save money and buy their own lands, mostly outside the rural sugar estates, permanently settling in Mauritius. The increasing number of these freed laborers preferring to stay in the colony gave rise to a new class of rural Indian peasantry. Their limited skills meant that they engaged in small-scale crop cultivation to earn a living, while others were able to work as traders or hawkers. The class of rural Indians gained in importance as the sugar industry moved into the 20th century. The struggling sugar barons sold portions of their properties to the Indian merchants in what became known as the Great Morcellement Movement. Thus, the Indians, or Indo-Mauritians, became the first non-whites to own lands in the colony.
By the 1920s, the properties of Indo-Mauritians had already accounted for 40 percent of Mauritius’s arable lands. They eventually took control of a substantial part of the agricultural economy, leading to the growth of rural villages and giving rise to a bourgeoisie that would continue to influence to island's post-colonial politics.
Meanwhile, the second-generation Indian immigrants, who were exposed to the cultures of foreign land and were more attuned to British policies, were able to work beyond the agricultural sector. These Western-educated skilled professionals were employed by the British in the Colonial Service. In the British territories bordering the Indian Ocean, they took up a large share of the clerical positions in the bureaucracy. Slowly making their way up, many had achieved respectable positions by the beginning of the 20th century.
Beyond politics, the settlement of Indian migrants on the island resulted in a melting pot of culture, intermixing with African, Chinese, Creole, and European influences. The celebration of Hindu festivals has become part of the Mauritian calendar. A religious Hindu ceremony is held annually on the second day of November, a national holiday to commemorate the arrival of indentured laborers at the Immigration Depot to honor the "jehaji bhai" (Hindi for "ship-mates", or "ship-brother") spirits. The lake of Grand Bassin, also known as Ganga Talao, located in the center of the island has become an object of sacred pilgrimage by the Indo-Mauritians professing their Hindu faith. The Mauritian style of architecture, using lime mortar, consisting of a mixture of yogurt, egg white, butter and sesame oil, as a binding material for stone structures, also has an Indian origin. This same method of construction is being utilized by the Aapravasi Ghat Trust Fund to conserve the remnants of the Immigration Depot complex.

</doc>
<doc id="5963428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963428" title="Alphonse Tchami">
Alphonse Tchami

Alphonse Marie Tchami Djomaha (born 14 September 1971 in Kekem) is a retired Cameroonian football player.
Career.
Early career.
Tchami began his career in his homeland with Unisport Bafang before moving to Danish side Vejle BK. In his short spell at Vejle he impressed with 8 goals in 15 games, but was unable to safe Vejle from relegation.
Odense BK.
Tchami impressive spell at Vejle meant a growing interest from other Danish clubs and Tchami eventually moved to Odense BK. At Odense Tchami continued his fine form and was a part of the OB team that famously defeated Real Madrid in the 1994–95 UEFA Cup third round with 4-3 on aggregate and earned OB a place in the quarterfinal. Thcami's fine form in Denmark won him a move to Argentine side Boca Juniors shortly after the 1994 FIFA World Cup. I total Tchami played 65 games and scored 28 goals.
Later career.
After 3 years in South America with decent success Tchami returned to Europe with German side Hertha BSC. Tchami spent two season with the "Old Lady" before a spell in the United Arab Emirates with Al-Wasl. 
Tchami was on trial with Bolton Wanderers in July 2000 following his release and played in a couple of friendly matches on Bolton's tour of Denmark before signing for Dundee United in August. Tchami spent just four months at Tannadice, leaving in December after playing in only four matches and failing to score. Nice was Tchami's next club, with the striker signing a short-term deal until the end of the season. In August 2001, Tchami left France - putting what was termed a "bad spell" behind him - and moved to Russian side Chernomorets, before moving again, this time to Chinese side Shenyang Ginde. Tchami signed for Lebanese side Nejmeh in September 2003 but left after less than three weeks, ending his career back in France with amateur side Épernay.
Tchami played in fifty-seven matches for Cameroon and was a participant at the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, in addition to the 1994 and 1996 African Cup of Nations. A journeyman, Tchami's club career spanned twelve clubs in ten countries over four continents.

</doc>
<doc id="5963432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963432" title="Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg">
Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg

The Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg is the Ukrainian Greek Catholic archeparchy for the country of Canada, and includes the suffragan eparchies of Edmonton, New Westminster, Saskatoon, and Toronto. It is overseen by Archbishop Lawrence Daniel Huculak.
The archeparchy directly governs all Ukrainian Greek Catholic parishes in Manitoba. As of 2010, the archeparchy contained 136 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 11 religious priests, and 29,700 member Catholics. It also has 23 religious sisters, 11 religious brothers, and 12 permanent deacons. It operates a number of parochial schools in the city of Winnipeg jointly with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface.
History.
Nestor Dmytriw was the first Ukrainian Catholic priest in Canada, having started parishes in 1897 and 1898 in Terebowla, Manitoba, Stuartburn, Manitoba and Edna, Alberta. He advocated a separate Ukrainian Catholic church in Canada, but this idea was opposed by the existing Canadian Catholic hierarchy. His vision came to fruition in 1912 when Nykyta Budka was appointed the bishop for Ukrainians in Canada. This appointment was done in response to the success of pretend Bishop Seraphim (Stefan Ustvolsky) in organizing Ukrainians interested in the liturgical traditions of their heritage.
Residential bishops.
Bishops and archbishops of the Archeparchy of Winnipeg and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5963443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963443" title="Ronald Thomas (politician)">
Ronald Thomas (politician)

Ronald Richard Thomas (born March 1929) is a British Labour Party politician.
On his second attempt, Thomas gained the marginal Bristol North West seat from the Conservatives in the October 1974 general election. However, in 1979, he lost it to the Conservative Michael Colvin.

</doc>
<doc id="5963461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963461" title="Valentin Badea">
Valentin Badea

Valentin Vasile Badea (born 23 October 1982 in Alexandria) is a Romanian football player. He plays as a striker. He is under contract with Liga II team UTA Arad.

</doc>
<doc id="5963476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963476" title="Catalyst (novel)">
Catalyst (novel)

Catalyst is a 2002 novel by Laurie Halse Anderson about a senior named Kate Malone. Teenreads.com put "Catalyst" on its Ultimate Teen Reading List.
The book tells the story of Kate Malone, a preacher's daughter and high school student who is excellent in chemistry and aspires to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but faces multiple tragic situations ranging from rejection by MIT to the fire of her neighbor Teri Litch at the end of her senior year.
Throughout the novel Anderson makes extensive references to the periodic table of elements.
The Book Report's Roberta O'Hara liked Kate's inner struggles, describing them as "realistic".

</doc>
<doc id="5963485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963485" title="Samuel Ipoua">
Samuel Ipoua

Samuel Ipoua Hamben (born 1 March 1973 in Douala) is a former Cameroonian football player.
He played for several European clubs, including OGC Nice (France), A.C. Torino (Italy), Rapid Vienna (Austria), Toulouse FC (France), FSV Mainz, TSV 1860 München and LR Ahlen in Germany. At the local level, he played for Union de Douala (Cameroon).
He played for the Cameroon national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
His brother Guy Ipoua is also a footballer and has spent most of his career playing in England.
In July 2005, he had a failed trial with Grimsby Town.

</doc>
<doc id="5963488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963488" title="Perry Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Perry Township, Wood County, Ohio

Perry Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,605 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the southeastern corner of the county, it borders the following townships:
Part of the city of Fostoria is located in southeastern Perry Township, and the village of West Millgrove lies in the township's north.
Name and history.
It is one of twenty-six Perry Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Perry Township House is located at the intersection of Baird, Eagleville, and Oil Center Roads.

</doc>
<doc id="5963490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963490" title="Elmwood Park Memorial High School">
Elmwood Park Memorial High School

Elmwood Park Memorial High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Elmwood Park, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Elmwood Park Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1963.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 744 students and 40.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 18.60:1. There were 158 students (21.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 56 (7.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch."
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 248th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 210th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 201st in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 237th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Elmwood Park High School Crusaders compete in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference (NJIC), made up of private and public high schools located in Bergen County, Hudson County and Passaic County, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Elmwood Park was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL).
The high school's football team had a 41-game losing streak in effect from 2002 until September 30, 2006, when they defeated the Manchester Regional High School Falcons, 33-14, snapping the four-year-long losing streak.
Despite going 20 years without a winning record, the Elmwood Park High School baseball team went 19-6 in 2006, winning the league championship and doubling their wins every year for three seasons. They were semifinalist in the state tournament and county qualifiers.
In 2006 the Elmwood Park High School wrestling team won the BPSL Championship, had a record of 22-2 for the season, were semifinalists in the state sectionals, and ranked top ten in Bergen County. 
The 2003 boys basketball team won the North I, Group I state sectional title, their first championship since 1984, with a 70-56 win against Park Ridge High School in the tournament final. The boys' basketball team won the North I, Group I state championship in 2007, defeating Leonia High School 78-70 in a game played at Hudson Catholic Regional High School.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5963494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963494" title="Minamoto no Tomonaga">
Minamoto no Tomonaga

Minamoto no Tomonaga (源 朝長) (1144–1160) was a Minamoto clan samurai of the late Heian period. His father was Minamoto no Yoshitomo.
Tomonaga accompanied his father in fleeing Kyoto following their defeat in the Heiji Rebellion of 1159, and was wounded in a battle with "sohei" (warrior monks) of Yokokawa by an arrow.
When the pair arrived in Mino province, Yoshitomo asked his sons, Tomonaga and Yoshihira, to travel to the provinces of Kai and Shinano to levy troops. Yoshihira left, but Tomonaga stayed behind, his arrow wound having become infected and inflamed. Annoyed at the delay, Yoshitomo announced his intention to move on without Tomonaga, but his son asked that he be killed rather than to waste away slowly and painfully from the infection. Yoshitomo obliged his son, and buried him on the spot.
Tomonaga's grave was defiled some time later, by Taira no Munekiyo, who brought his head to Kyoto as a trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="5963514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963514" title="Massimo Bonanni">
Massimo Bonanni

Massimo Bonanni (born 10 June 1982) is an Italian footballer.
Football career.
Bonanni started his career at A.S. Roma youth system. He spent on loan to Viterbese, Panachaiki and Vicenza.
Vicenza bought half of the player registration rights for €200,000 after a season long loan.
On 27 June 2005, he was bought back by Roma, for €500,000, and sold to Palermo on 1 July 2005, for €750,000 (the fee of signing Cesare Bovo on loan).
He made his Serie A debut against Parma F.C. on 28 August 2005.
He played 4 games in UEFA Cup and 18 in Serie A before on loan to S.S. Lazio on 31 January 2006.
U.C. Sampdoria acquired half of the player registration rights on 14 July 2006, for €2 million, along with Christian Terlizzi (50% for €1.5 million), as part of the Aimo Diana's transfer (€5M).
He played 7 games in Serie A and 4 in Coppa Italia for Sampdoria, before loaned to Ascoli on 12 January 2007.
On 17 August 2007, Bonanni is on a one year loan to Bari of Serie B. He returned to Genoa, but after played once in 2008–09 season, he left for Grosseto of Serie B. In June 2009 Palermo gave up the remain 50% registration rights to Sampdoria
On 31 July 2009, he signed a 3-year contract with Pescara of Prima Divisione for free.
On 12 July 2011, he signed a two-year contract with Swiss Challenge League side FC Lugano on free transfer.
On 6 April 2012 he returned to Italy for Lugano's sister club Genoa (effective on 1 July 2012), however the sole purpose was transferred €1.45 million "transfer fee" to Lugano. He left for Serie B club U.S. Grosseto F.C. on 31 August 2012 but returned to Switzerland on 9 January 2013, in temporary deal from Genoa.

</doc>
<doc id="5963516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963516" title="SC Villa">
SC Villa

Sports Club Villa is a football club from Kampala in Uganda. They play their home games at the National Stadium. They are named after English side Aston Villa FC.
Overview.
SC Villa is Uganda's leading football club, having won more laurels than all others put together. They won 13 league titles and 7 Ugandan Cup titles. SC Villa was the first Ugandan club to clinch a local 'Double'. That record was extended to six 'Doubles' in 2002. From 1998 through 2004, they won 7 consecutive championship titles.
SC Villa had humble beginnings as Nakivubo Boys. The club was renamed Nakivubo Villa, and finally SC Villa, a.k.a. Jogoo (Big Cockerel). SC Villa won promotion to the top flight of Ugandan football in 1979, storming the local soccer scene hitherto dominated by Express FC, Simba FC and Kampala City Council FC.
Today there is no single local or regional trophy on which SC Villa's name is not inscribed. The club is the most consistent on the continent, featuring in two consecutive finals of the CECAFA Clubs Cup and the CAF Cup in 1991 and 1992, respectively. They play their home games from Mandela National Stadium Namboole.

</doc>
<doc id="5963519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963519" title="EMTEC">
EMTEC

EMTEC is part of the Dexxon Group headquartered in Gennevilliers, France and markets consumer computer data storage products and other computer related consumables. Dexxon Group's North American subsidiary, Dexxxon Digital Storage Inc. is located in Lewis Center, Ohio. EMTEC evolved from BASF Magnetics producing magnetic tapes. Between 1998 and 2002 all of BASF's cassette lineup (Ferro Extra, Chrome Extra and Chrome Super, along with the budget tapes Sound 1 and Sound 2) were rebranded EMTEC. While cassette manufacture has since ceased in 2005, and reel-to-reel tape operations were sold to RMGI, EMTEC continues to manufacture other recordable media such as optical discs, MiniDV and VHS cassettes, and USB Flash Drives. Distribution channels have decreased and EMTEC presence in the market is a shadow of its former BASF self. Since its sale by BASF, EMTEC has undergone several transformations.

</doc>
<doc id="5963525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963525" title="Ernie Cholakis">
Ernie Cholakis

Ernest ("Ernie") Cholakis (born September 17, 1962 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5963529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963529" title="Mike &quot;Prince Fatty&quot; Pelanconi">
Mike &quot;Prince Fatty&quot; Pelanconi

Mike Pelanconi, better known under his record name Prince Fatty, is a British sound engineer and record producer.
Biography.
As a record producer, Pelanconi has worked with a diverse repertoire of artists and labels, from the acid jazz of the 1990s to rock musicians like Graham Coxon (of Blur), reggae legends like Gregory Isaacs and Dub Syndicate, and pop singers such as Lily Allen. Other musicians he has worked with include JD from A Tribe Called Quest, Pharcyde, N'Dea Davenport, Brand New Heavies, Mother Earth, Kula Shaker, The Sugarhill Gang, Little Roy, Adrian Sherwood/ON-U Sound, Lo Fidelity Allstars, Born Jamericans, Luciano, Capleton, and Nostalgia 77.
In 2005, the clothing company Stüssy put together a line inspired by the vivid, rootsy styles of Jamaica to commemorate their 25th anniversary, and turned to Pelanconi to create a limited-edition single to complement it. Inspired by the optimistic, laid-back vibe of Jamaica in the early 1970s, Pelanconi created an alter-ego nicknamed "Prince Fatty," meant as a tongue-in-cheek reference to King Tubby. The instrumental track he created for Stussy, "Nina's Dance," song was unexpectedly successful, getting airplay on BBC Radio 1. Following its success, Pelanconi decided to create an album length homage to what he considered one of the most vibrant eras in Jamaican music.
For the album, called "Survival of the Fattest," Pelanconi assembled a "supergroup" of reggae greats, including afrobeat saxophonist Bukky Leo, drummer Style Scott from the Roots Radics, Nostalgia 77's horn section, and Hammond organ by Bubblers from Ruff Cut Band. Guest vocals were provided by Hollie Cook, singer from The Slits and daughter of former Sex Pistols drummer Paul Cook, as well as Winston Francis, and Little Roy.
The album was recorded on vintage analogue equipment to preserve the signature sound of reggae and dub records. Pelanconi also strove to update the sound by speeding up tempos and attempting to push the boundaries of classic dub and reggae by referencing the modern influences of hip-hop (especially evident in the cover of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice", as well as Ol' Dirty Bastard's "Shimmy Shimmy Ya")
This was followed in 2010 with "Super Size", featuring vocals from Little Roy, Dennis Alcapone, Natty and Winston Francis.
On 6 September 2011, in association with the Mutant HiFi, 'Prince Fatty and the Mutant HiFi's Online Dub Service' was launched on Facebook, offering people an easy way to get dubs from the studio by sending their tracks to receive the 'Heavyweight Dub Treatment'.
His 2012 album "Prince Fatty Versus the Drunken Gambler" included a guest appearance from Dennis Alcapone.

</doc>
<doc id="5963533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963533" title="Cornel Cernea">
Cornel Cernea

Cornel Cernea (born 22 April 1976 in Slobozia) is a Romanian football goalkeeper. 

</doc>
<doc id="5963552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963552" title="Brizendine House">
Brizendine House

The Brizendine House is a historic home in downtown Austin, Texas, constructed circa 1870. The building is located on 11th Street and is today surrounded by an annex to the Travis County Courthouse and the Blackwell/Thurman Criminal Justice Center.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is located at 507 W 11th Street.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text.
This simple vernacular rough ashlar house represents the life style of the late 19th century working middle-class family in Austin, Texas. The exterior proportions of the structure reflect Victorian influence. Built of limestone about 1870 by John R. Brizendine (1829–1914), an Austin carpenter, machinist, and miller. Brizendine, a native of Kentucky, lived here until his death. Mrs. Elizabeth Gordon bought the home in 1928, and members of her family lived here until 1972. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark-1974

</doc>
<doc id="5963557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963557" title="Salaheddine Bassir">
Salaheddine Bassir

Salaheddine Bassir () (born 5 September 1972) is a former Moroccan football player.
He played for a few clubs, including Raja Casablanca, Al-Hilal (Saudi Arabia) and Deportivo La Coruña in Spain. He then played for OSC Lille (France) and Aris Thessaloniki (Greece). He retired at the end of 2005 season.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, where he scored two goals in the 3–0 win against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5963568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963568" title="Alfred Evans (politician)">
Alfred Evans (politician)

Alfred Thomas "Fred" Evans (24 February 1914 – 13 April 1987) was a British Labour Party politician. Evans was Member of Parliament for Caerphilly from a 1968 by-election until 1979, when he retired.
Biography.
Evans was born into a miner's family in 1914. He was educated at both primary and grammar schools at Bargoed and went on to study at the University College of Wales Cardiff. He married Mary Katharine O'Marah in 1939 and they had a son and two daughters.
Evans was head of the English Department at Bargoed Grammar School (1937–1949), headmaster of Bedlinog Secondary School (1949–1966), and headmaster of Lewis Boys Grammar School in Pengam (1966–1968).
Evans was Agent to the Ness Edwards, (then MP for Caerphilly), and a Councillor on Gelligaer Urban District Council 1948-1951. He contested unsuccessfully for the Labour Party the Leominster division of Herefordshire in 1955 and the Stroud division of Gloucestershire in 1959. He sat as MP (Labour) for the Caerphilly division of Glamorganshire from 1968 until 1979 when he retired. He died in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5963572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963572" title="Police des Vins">
Police des Vins

The police des vins were a set of codes and business practices set up in the 13th and 14th century that govern the wine trade within the region of Bordeaux and the use of its port by neighboring areas. The codes were aimed at giving Bordeaux wine a position of dominance over the region and in the English wine market.
The codes had a particular effect on the wines from the Languedoc area, whose wines could not travel down the Garonne river to be sold in Bordeaux until after December 1. This caused those growers to miss the busiest season for trade when prices were at a premium. This sharply disadvantaged the competition for Bordeaux wine. Turgot, the minister of finance under Louis XVI, described the effect of this arrangement in the 18th century: ""The conduct of this set of rules, most artfully devised to guarantee to the bourgeois of Bordeaux, the owners of the local vineyards, the highest price for their own wines, and to the disadvantage the growers of all the other southern provinces."" 
Grand Coutume.
The Grande Coutume (in English the "Great Custom") was a principal export tariff imposed by the Plantagenets on products from their holdings in Gascony, Bordeaux and Poitou regions. In 1203, King John of England exempted the towns of Bordeaux, Bayonne and Dax from the tax in exchange for support against King Philip II of France. The following year, the towns of La Rochelle and Poitou were also granted exemption.
The lifting of the tax allowed for open access of Bordeaux wine to the English market, greatly increasing its prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="5963574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963574" title="Samuel Plouhinec">
Samuel Plouhinec

Samuel Plouhinec (born March 5, 1976 in Le Mans) is a French former road bicycle racer. He retired in 2007.
He won stage 4 in 2005 Tour de l'Ain.

</doc>
<doc id="5963577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963577" title="Chicago Bridge &amp; Iron Company">
Chicago Bridge &amp; Iron Company

Chicago Bridge & Iron Company known commonly as CB&I, is a large multinational conglomerate engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) company. CB&I specializes in projects for oil and gas companies. According to one of the founder's heirs, "The old joke is that Chicago Bridge & Iron isn't in Chicago, doesn't build bridges and doesn't use iron."
CB&I currently employs approximately 50,000 persons worldwide. 
Corporate Headquarters and Leadership.
The headquarters are located in the Hague, Netherlands. Current corporate officers are:
History.
CB&I was founded in 1889 in Chicago, Ill., USA, as Chicago Bridge & Iron Company, when Horace E. Horton, a bridge designer, agreed to merge business with George and William Wheelock of the Kansas City Bridge and Iron Company.
While initially involved in bridge design and construction, CB&I turned its focus to bulk liquid storage in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, coinciding with the western expansion of railroads across the United States and the discovery of oil in the Southwest. CB&I quickly became known for design engineering and field construction of elevated water storage tanks, above-ground tanks for storage of petroleum and refined products, refinery process vessels and other steel plate structures.
CB&I supported the expansion of oil exploration outside the U.S.A., starting operations in South America in 1924, in Asia two years later and in the Middle East in 1939.
During World War II, CB&I was selected to build Landing Ship Tanks (LSTs). CB&I ranked 92nd among U.S. corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts. LSTs carried troops and supplies to American and Allied troops fighting in Europe and the Pacific theaters. CB&I was chosen because of their reputation and skills, particularly welding. Since the coastal shipyards were busy building large vessels for the war effort, such as aircraft carriers, battleships, cruisers and destroyers, there was no alternative but to use the inland waterways and shipyards for the production of smaller ships.
Over the course of the company's history, CB&I has developed many technologies and achieved a number of industry milestones. These include the first floating-roof tank for the oil industry (1923), the first spherical pressure vessel (1923), the first double-wall liquid natural gas (LNG) storage tank (1958), the first site-assembled thick wall steel nuclear reactor vessel (1966), the first marine LNG storage and distribution terminal in the U.S.A. (1971), the world's largest steel water reservoir (1986), the world's largest vacuum distillation tower (1999) and the world's largest thermal energy storage tank (2009).
CB&I has been involved in a number of changes during the last two decades. It was acquired by Praxair in 1996; Praxair kept a chemical subsidiary and spun off CB&I as a Dutch-incorporated company the next year. CB&I headquarters moved from the Chicago to Houston, Texas in 2001 and then to the Hague, Netherlands when Texas enacted a Franchise Tax. Since 2000, it has acquired a number of companies. Most recently in 2012, CB&I agreed to buy The Shaw Group for about US$3 billion, completing the acquisition in February 2013.
The company built a record number of bridges and other works that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. These works include (with varying attribution):
CB&I Today.
In late 2000, CB&I embarked on a series of acquisitions that have expanded its services to encompass the entire hydrocarbon industry, from conceptual design through technology licensing, engineering and construction, to final commissioning and technical services. CB&I acquired Lummus Global from ABB on November 19, 2007, adding approximately 3,000 employees to the CB&I payroll.
On July 30, 2012, CB&I announced the planned acquisition of The Shaw Group for a purchase price of US$3.04 billion. The acquisition was completed on February 13, 2013 and CB&I now employs nearly 50,000 people.
CB&I's global business groups are:
Examples of recent major projects around the world include:

</doc>
<doc id="5963591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963591" title="Tomlinson">
Tomlinson

Tomlinson may refer to:
As a surname, Tomlinson may refer to:
Tomlinson as a first name:

</doc>
<doc id="5963592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963592" title="Bruce Lynn">
Bruce Lynn

Bruce Newton Lynn, I, (born March 25, 1925) is a retired north Caddo Parish businessman and banker who was a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1976–1988. He is a native and resident of the village of Gilliam (pronounced GIL LAM), where three generations of his family have operated the J.W. Lynn cotton plantation.
Early years, education, military, family.
Lynn was born to J.W. Lynn, an Arkansas native, and the former Irene Bruce (1895–1982), originally from Kansas City, Kansas. He graduated from the former Belcher High School in 1942. He attended Texas A&M University in College Station and later Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, but he did not graduate from either institution. He later completed banking school.
Lynn, a U.S. Marine, was stationed in the Pacific theater during World War II.
In 1949, he married the former Margaret Johnson of Doyline in Webster Parish. They have one son, Bruce N. Lynn, II (born 1950), who operates the plantation, and a daughter, Pamela Lynn Broesamle (born 1952) of Scotts Valley, California, near San Jose. The couple has five grandchildren, including a namesake grandson, Bruce N. Lynn, III, (born 1975) of Gilliam, and, as of July 2006, one great-grandchild. Lynn is Presbyterian.
With his background in cotton production, Lynn was in 1970 the president of the National Cotton Council, a trade association based in Memphis, Tennessee, and Washington, D.C. He remains an advisor to the council board. Because he was in Washington with the cotton council late in 1980, he became a member of the transition team for President-elect Ronald W. Reagan. Lynn said the election of Reagan remains the highlight of his personal political interest. 
Lynn was affiliated with the former Louisiana Bank and Trust Company in Shreveport from 1970-1987.
His legislative elections.
Lynn first filed to run as a Republican for the District 1 seat (parts of Caddo and Bossier parishes) in the state legislature in 1971, but he withdrew after James H. "Jimmy" Wilson (1931–1986) won the Democratic nomination. Wilson was a former mayor of the town of Vivian, where he and Lynn had served together on the North Caddo Hospital Board. In 1975, Wilson relinquished the state House seat to run unsuccessfully for the Louisiana State Senate. He lost to his then fellow Democrat Donald Wayne "Don" Williamson. 
Lynn then narrowly won the general election to succeed Wilson. He defeated Democrat Powell A. Layton, the principal of Northwood High School in Shreveport, by only 40 votes: 2,894 (50.3 percent) to Layton's 2,854 (49.7 percent). Lynn's House terms coincided with six other Republicans, including B.F. O'Neal, Jr., Arthur W. "Art" Sour, Jr., and Clark Gaudin. Three other members, A.J. McNamara, Lane A. Carson, and Michael F. "Mike" Thompson, had been elected as Democrats but switched their affiliations.
Thereafter, Jimmy Wilson joined the Republican Party and waged two unsuccessful campaigns for the Fourth Congressional District seat vacated in January 1979 by popular long-term Democrat Joseph David "Joe D." Waggonner, Jr.
Lynn was narrowly reelected in the 1979 general election, 51.7 percent to 48.3 percent for the late Democrat Jack Miller, a businessman from Blanchard, also in Caddo Parish. He defeated Miller again in 1983. When Lynn declined to run in 1987, the seat went Democratic with the election of Caddo Parish Commission president Roy M. "Hoppy" Hopkins of Oil City, who subsequently died in office during the last year of his fifth term. Hopkins' commission seat was filled for a term by James Whitfield Williamson, a businessman who served as the mayor of Vivian from 1972–1986 and an older brother of Don Williamson.
Lynn's House seat returned to Republican representation in the special election of 2007, when James H. "Jim" Morris of Oil City was elected to succeed Hopkins.
Inmate sues Secretary Lynn.
After his legislative service, Lynn was the director of the Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections from 1988–1992, under appointment from then Governor Charles Elson "Buddy" Roemer, III. 
In his capacity as corrections secretary, Lynn was sued by an inmate who claimed invasion of privacy during a body search carried out on all convicts in the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola. Under orders from Lynn, David Keith Elliott submitted to a visual body cavity search. The searches were conducted in the general presence of other inmates, guards, and three bystanders. The U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana granted Lynn's motion for summary judgment and dismissed Elliott's suit.
Elliott then filed before the New Orleans-based U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in the case entitled "Elliott v. Lynn". Elliott claimed that the search violated his Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights under the United States Constitution. 
The three-judge appeals court panel held that, while the Constitution protects against "unreasonable search and seizure," Elliott was not deprived of a "state created liberty interest without due process of law." Elliott had also claimed that Lynn was not entitled to the protection provided by qualified immunity.
The court found that during the period "preceding June 9, 1989, an extraordinary number of murders, suicides, stabbings, and cuttings occurred within the Louisiana State Penitentiary. These circumstances created an emergency situation, and the defendant Lynn ordered an institution-wide shakedown … All 3,164 prisoners, including Elliott, were subjected to a visual body cavity search over a period of two and one-half days. To facilitate this massive search effort, Lynn brought in additional correctional officers." The court hence found in Lynn's favor.

</doc>
<doc id="5963593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963593" title="Margot Grahame">
Margot Grahame

Margot Grahame (20 February 1911 – 1 January 1982), also known as Margaret Clark, was an English actress most noted for starring in "The Informer" (1935) and "The Crimson Pirate". She started acting in 1930 and made her last screen appearance in 1958.
Film actress.
She was born Margaret Clark in Canterbury, Kent. Her family went to South Africa when she was three years old, which led to her being educated there. She began her stage career with Dennis Neilson-Terry a few weeks after leaving school at the age of 14, in Pretoria. She made her London stage debut in 1927 as understudy to Mary Glynne in "The Terror". Her screen debut was in the 1930 film "Rookery Nook".
Grahame was the highest-paid actress in Britain during the 1930s, before going to America, where she performed in a number of films from the 1930s to the 1950s. Hollywood producers' interest was piqued that she had appeared in 42 major roles in British films in only three years. Grahame was signed to a long-term contract by RKO.
She appeared as the prostitute girlfriend of Gypo Nolan in John Ford's "The Informer" (1935). She followed this performance with a role as leading lady Milady de Winter in "The Three Musketeers" (1935). She performed with Bebe Daniels in "The Fabulous Joe" (1947). As the character Emily Terkle, Grahame was appearing in her first film since "The Buccaneer" (1938). The latter dealt with U.S. history, particularly the lives of Jean Lafitte and Andrew Jackson. Starring opposite Fredric March, Grahame faced the challenge of playing the love interest rather than a siren. After World War II, she dyed her hair and became a redhead. She appeared in "The Romantic Age" in 1949.
Her last films were made in the 1950s and included "I'll Get You for This" (1951), "The Crimson Pirate" (1952), "The Beggar's Opera" (1953), "Orders Are Orders" (1954) and "Saint Joan" (1957). She appeared in "The Sweater" (1958), an episode of "The New Adventures of Charlie Chan" (1958).
Personal life.
Grahame moved into a new home high in the Hollywood Hills after her separation from British actor Francis Lister in 1935. She married Canadian millionaire Allen McMartin in 1938. They divorced in 1946. In 1948, Grahame began a relationship with the British literary agent A. D. Peters that continued until his death in 1973.
Death.
Margot Grahame died in London on New Year's Day of 1982, aged 70, from chronic bronchitis.

</doc>
<doc id="5963596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963596" title="James M. McGarrah">
James M. McGarrah

James "Jim" M. McGarrah is the chief of staff at the Georgia Tech Research Institute. He was previously director of the Information and Communications Laboratory at the Georgia Tech Research Institute and is a retired officer of the United States Navy Reserve.
Early life and education.
McGarrah attended Francis C. Hammond High School in Alexandria, Virginia, graduating in 1969.
McGarrah graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland with a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering in 1973. He also holds a Master of Arts in human resource management from Pepperdine University in 1978 and a Master of Science in mechanical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1979. While at Georgia Tech, he took a job as a graduate teaching assistant.
Navy.
In 1973, McGarrah received his naval commission, and served in the United States Navy and the United States Navy Reserve for a total of 33 years. From 1973 to 1976, he served on the USS "Belknap" (CG-26) as Electronic Warfare Officer and Damage Control Assistant, and on the USS "Hoist" (ARS-40) after the "Belknap"s collision with the "John F. Kennedy" in 1975.
In 2003, he was nominated for promotion from rear admiral (lower half) to rear admiral.
On July 9, 2004, when McGarrah was a rear admiral, the Secretary of the Navy, Gordon R. England, appointed him the Director of the Office for the Administrative Review of the Detention of Enemy Combatants (OARDEC).
McGarrah testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee about the Combatant Status Review Tribunals (CSRT), held in the Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba, from July 2004 to March 2005. McGarrah testified that, to take into account the concerns of United States Supreme Court rulings the CSRT were modelled after Army Regulations 190-8 "(Enemy Prisoners of War, Retained Personnel, Civilian Internees and Other Detainees)", subchapter 1-6, "Tribunals".
While he was in the military, he was awarded the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, two Meritorious Service Medals, three Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals, and a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal. Since September 2009, McGarrah has been the Georgia Chair of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve.
Industry.
McGarrah spent 24 years working for the telecommunications industry, primarily for Southern Bell, BellSouth and Cingular Wireless.
McGarrah came to the Georgia Tech Research Institute in November 2008, taking the position of director of the Information Technology and Telecommunications Laboratory (ITTL). He was instrumental in the split of that lab into the GTRI Information and Communications Laboratory and the GTRI Cyber Technology and Information Security Laboratory.
As of May 1, 2013, McGarrah will be GTRI's Chief of Staff, an ambassador / spokesperson role.

</doc>
<doc id="5963599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963599" title="Kip Hladky">
Kip Hladky

William Kipling "Kip" Hladky (born May 15, 1960) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="5963600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963600" title="Plain Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Plain Township, Wood County, Ohio

Plain Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,663 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the center of the county, it borders the following townships:
Part of the city of Bowling Green, the county seat of Wood County, is located in eastern Plain Township.
Name and history.
Statewide, other Plain Townships are located in Franklin, Stark, and Wayne counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Plain Township House is located at the intersection of Poe and Liberty Hi roads. The township is also home to the Wood County Landfill and ODOT's District 2 Annex & Garage, both off U.S. Route 6.

</doc>
<doc id="5963602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963602" title="Joseph Mario Moreno">
Joseph Mario Moreno

Joseph Mario Moreno was Commissioner for the 7th district of Cook County, Illinois until 2010. His successor, Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, is currently seated as the Commissioner for the 7th district of Cook County, Illinois.
Early life.
Moreno earned his law degree from DePaul University College of Law.
Public service.
Prior to his election as a commissioner, Moreno worked for the Chicago Attorney General’s Office as Special Assistant to the Attorney General. He also served on the Committee on Financing for the Secretary of State’s Office.
Cook County Commissioner.
Moreno is the Chairperson for the Building Committee and Vice-Chair for the Labor, Tax and Revenue, and Roads and Bridges Committees. Additionally, Moreno serves on 13 committees: Real Estate, Tax Delinquency, Stroger and Cermak Hospitals, Information and Automation, Environmental Control, Construction, Contract Compliance, Industrial Claims, Rules, Law Enforcement and Corrections, Health and Hospitals, Finance, and Zoning and Buildings.
Commissioners Joseph Mario Moreno, along with Roberto Maldonado, both Chicago Democrats, want to expand Cook County vehicle sticker tax to all vehicles in municipalities, including Chicago, where the vehicle-sticker fee recently was raised for sport-utility vehicles. All Cook County residents would have to buy a $40 vehicle sticker for each car they own under a proposal two County Board commissioners are floating to help plug a budget deficit now pegged at $238 million. He also went on record against cutting the county budget, and is in favor of raising the sales tax by 1.25% or more.
As Cook County Board Commissioner, Moreno voted multiple times to uphold a historic 2008 Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest in the nation. As a result the "Chicago Tribune" has encouraged voters to vote against him in the 2010 elections. As a result, Moreno lost his bid for re-nomination in the February 2, 2010 primary. He lost the nomination to Jesus G. Garcia by more than 1,600 votes. (55% to 45%)
In 2010, Moreno proposed a bill to limit and restrict the use of Twitter from federal and government meetings. The bill was defeated by the Rules & Administrative committee 5-1.
Medrano was arrested on June 28, 2012 on corruption charges.
2/19/2014 - Moreno was sentenced to 11 years in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="5963606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963606" title="Continuation (disambiguation)">
Continuation (disambiguation)

Continuation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963610" title="Football Federation of the 3rd Department Cordillera">
Football Federation of the 3rd Department Cordillera

The Football Federation of the 3rd Department Cordillera ("Federación de Fútbol Tercer Departamento Cordillera") is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of Cordillera, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of Caacupé.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in Cordillera.
Liga Alteña de Fútbol.
The Liga Alteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Altos. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Arroyense de Fútbol.
The Liga Arroyense de Fútbol is based in the city of Arroyos y Esteros. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Atyreña de Deportes.
The Liga Atyreña de Deportes is based in the city of Atyrá. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Barrereña de Deportes.
The Liga Barrereña de Deportes is based in the city of Eusebio Ayala. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Caacupeña de Deportes.
The Liga Caacupeña de Deportes is based in the city of Caacupé. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Caraguatay de Deportes.
The Liga Caraguatay de Deportes is based in the city of Caraguatay. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Cerro Corá.
The Liga Deportiva Cerro Corá is based in the city of 1 de Marzo. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Cordillerana de Deportes.
The Liga Cordillerana de Deportes is based in the city of Isla Pucú. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Emboscadeña de Deportes.
The Liga Emboscadeña de Deportes is based in the city of Emboscada. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Nueva Colombia.
The Liga Deportiva Nueva Colombia is based in the city of Nueva Colombia. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva Piribebuy.
The Liga Deportiva Piribebuy is based in the city of Piribebuy. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga de Fútbol San Bernardino.
The Liga de Fútbol San Bernardino is based in the city of San Bernardino. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva San José Obrero.
The Liga Deportiva San José Obrero is based in the city of San José Obrero. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Tobateña de Deportes.
The Liga Tobateña de Deportes is based in the city of Tobatí. The following teams are part of this league:
Liga Deportiva del Yhaguy.
The Liga Deportiva del Yhaguy is based in the city of Itacurubí de la Cordillera. The following teams are part of this league:

</doc>
<doc id="5963611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963611" title="Vasilică Cristocea">
Vasilică Cristocea

Vasilică Cristocea, (born 27 July 1980 in Hârşova) is a Romanian football player who plays as a midfielder for Universitatea Cluj.
Career.
Cristocea made his debut playing for Carsium Hârşova's youth teams, before joining Farul Constanţa in 1999. He spent most of his career at Constanţa's team, playing 156 matches and scoring 26 goals until 2006, when he was transferred by Steaua Bucureşti.
Together with Steaua Bucureşti he won the 2005-06 Divizia A season and played several matches in UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup. In 2008 he was loaned to Ceahlăul Piatra Neamţ.
In 2009 he returnet to Farul Constanţa where he played for one season before moving to the other town's team, Viitorul Constanţa. He played three years for Viitorul and in July 2013 he joined the Liga I team, Universitatea Cluj.

</doc>
<doc id="5963614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963614" title="Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton">
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton

The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton is a Ukrainian Catholic diocese that governs parishes in the Canadian province of Alberta. On January 26, 2007 Pope Benedict XVI appointed Auxiliary Bishop David Motiuk of the Archeparchy of Winnipeg as head of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton.
As of 2007, the diocese contains 87 parishes, 39 active diocesan and religious priests, and 28,750 Catholics. It also has 30 Women Religious, 24 Religious Brothers, and 5 permanent deacons.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops of Edmonton and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5963615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963615" title="Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election, 1965">
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election, 1965

The Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles by-election was significant in that it led to the election of David Steel, who went on to lead the Liberal Party, to the British House of Commons for the first time. As such it was a milestone in the revival of that party's political fortunes from their nadir in the 1950s. 
Background.
Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles, a large rural constituency in the Scottish borders, had been safely Conservative for many years. The Liberal Party's 26-year-old candidate David Steel had dramatically cut Commander Charles Donaldson's majority in the general election of October 1964. When Donaldson died some months later it was clear that the ensuing by-election represented an opportunity for the Liberals to repeat previous by-election triumphs in Torrington and Orpington. However, the Conservatives were now in opposition rather than in government and the party's standing in the constituency was thought to have been further bolstered as their leader, Sir Alec Douglas-Home was himself a Scot, representing the rather similar constituency of Kinross and West Perthshire to the north.
Result.
The election was held on Wednesday 24 March 1965. The result was a major defeat for the Conservatives. The votes cast were as follows:
Reaction.
This defeat was seen as a huge setback for the Conservatives, coming on top of their defeat in the general election the previous year and wiping out the boost they had received in the Leyton by-election, 1965. Douglas-Home resigned as leader shortly afterwards, and in the first election for party leader from amongst the Conservative MPs, was replaced by Edward Heath. 
Although the Labour candidate lost his deposit, the governing party enjoyed the Conservatives' discomfort, and the result represented a turning point in the government's political fortunes after a very uncertain opening few months. For the Liberals, the acquision of a talented young MP was still rare enough to be extremely welcome. Steel soon made a national impression and it was his Private Member's Bill which led to the legalisation of abortion in 1967. He would go on to represent the area at Westminster until 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5963634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963634" title="Tears for Fears discography">
Tears for Fears discography

British rock band Tears for Fears has release six studio albums, one live album, and thirty singles. Formed in 1981 by Roland Orzabal and Curt Smith, the duo signed to Phonogram Records in the UK and released their first single the same year. It wasn't until Tears For Fears' third single, "Mad World" (1982), that they scored their first hit, and their platinum-selling debut album "The Hurting" (1983) was a UK number one. Their second album, "Songs from the Big Chair", was released in 1985 and became a worldwide hit, establishing the band in the US. After a third platinum-selling album, "The Seeds of Love" in 1989, Smith and Orzabal parted company and subsequent Tears for Fears albums "Elemental" (released in 1993 and certified gold in several countries) and "Raoul and the Kings of Spain" (1995) were effectively solo albums by Orzabal. However, the duo reformed in 2000 for a new studio album, "Everybody Loves a Happy Ending", which was released in 2004/05. In 2014, the band released a new 3 song EP exclusively for Record Store Day, entitled Ready Boys & Girls.
Discography.
Other compilations.
(The following compilations tended to be regional releases, issued without the band's involvement and often on "budget price" labels) 
Singles.
1The 1982 Mike Howlett-produced version of "Pale Shelter (You Don't Give Me Love)" was eventually issued as a single in Canada in 1983, and peaked at #15. In other territories, the hit single was the "1983 version" of "Pale Shelter". This 1983 version was a wholly new recording produced by Chris Hughes & Ross Cullum, and it did not include the parenthetical subtitle. 
2Though not formally credited to Tears for Fears, "Johnny Panic and the Bible of Dreams" was originally the B-side to "Advice for the Young at Heart". It was then remixed by Fluke and released as a single by TFF's record company in the UK and simply credited to "Johnny Panic and the Bible of Dreams". The single reached #1 on the UK Dance Chart.
3"Laid So Low" reached #10 on US "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.
4This 1992 re-release credits the artist as "Tears for Fears featuring Oleta Adams".
5"Call Me Mellow" reached #28 on US "Billboard" Adult Top 40 chart.
6"Secret World" was released as a promo single in France only.

</doc>
<doc id="5963637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963637" title="Ropa vieja">
Ropa vieja

Ropa vieja, which is Spanish for "Old Clothes," is a popular dish of the Canary Islands, Cadiz, Greater Miami and the Caribbean, especially Cuba, Panama, Puerto Rico, Venezuela, and the Dominican Republic. It is a shredded flank, brisket or skirt steak in a tomato sauce base.
History.
Ropa vieja originated in the Canary Islands (Spain), which were the last place ships from Spain would stop on the way to the Americas. They were also the first place that Spanish ships coming from the Americas would stop en route back to Spain. Due to this, Canarian culture is very similar to the Caribbean as well as Spain. The Canarian Spanish dialect of Spanish spoken there is very similar to the Caribbean and sounds extremely close to the dialects of Cuba and Puerto Rico, due to heavy and continuous immigration to both islands. This is how ropa vieja arrived in the islands; with the Canarian immigrants. The original version of ropa vieja contained leftovers, but later became a shredded meat dish with chickpeas and potatoes in the Canary Islands.
Some versions in the Canary Islands contain beef, chicken or pork, or a combination of any of the three. The dish is a national feature of Cuba and does not have chickpeas or potatoes in Cuba; it is just the shredded meat in sauce. Various shredded-meat-in-sauce versions of the dish are prepared in Venezuela and are called carne mechada. This is a part of the Venezuelan national dish, pabellón criollo, which includes the carne mechada, caraotas negras (black beans), platano maduro frito (fried ripe (sweet) plantains), arroz blanco (white rice), and sometimes arepitas (small arepas).
There are many theories as to how the dish was named. One of the more popular ones is a story about a man whose family was coming to his home for dinner. Being very poor, the man could not buy them enough food when they came. To remedy his situation, he went to his closet, gathered some old clothes (ropa vieja) and imbued them with his love. When he cooked the clothes, his love for his family turned the clothes into a wonderful beef stew.
In Veracruz, México, ropa vieja is made with shredded beef, mint, garlic, tomato and onions and cooked with eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="5963639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963639" title="Daniel Awdry">
Daniel Awdry

Daniel Edmund Awdry, TD, DL (10 September 1924 – 11 October 2008) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Awdry was educated at Winchester College and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. He served with the 10th Hussars in Italy 1944–45 and with the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry 1947–62. He became a solicitor and a Chippenham councillor, serving as Mayor 1958–59. He was President of the Southern Boroughs Association 1959–60.
Awdry was Member of Parliament for Chippenham from a 1962 by-election until 1979, when he stood down—having seen off strong challenges from Liberal candidates in the seat (his majority in October 1974 was 1,749 (3.3%)). His successor was Richard Needham.

</doc>
<doc id="5963660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963660" title="Bruce MacPherson (field hockey)">
Bruce MacPherson (field hockey)

Bruce MacPherson (born May 19, 1958 in Pemburg, United Kingdom) is a former field hockey player from Canada.
MacPherson participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5963662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963662" title="AV Festival">
AV Festival

The AV Festival is the UK’s largest international festival of electronic art, and features new media art, film, music, and games. As with festivals such as Ars Electronica, ISEA and DEAF, it is considered to be a new media art festival
The bi-annual festival takes place in the cities of Newcastle/Gateshead, Sunderland and Middlesbrough in the North east of England. The 2006 festival took place in March and went for ten days across three major north coast towns of the UK with events starting at 10am and going till 2am. The 2006 and 2008 Festivals were directed by Honor Harger and produced by Fiona Fitzpatrick (2006) and Michelle Hirschhorn (2008). Tom Cullen directed all technical aspects of the show. The 2010 festival was directed by Rebecca Shatwell.
Themes.
Since 2006, each festival has had a theme that loosely organizes the events. Festivals have had the following themes:
Events.
Each festival invites and commissions new works from international artists and features world premieres. In 2006 the theme of Life brought a bunch of international digital artists with works such as:

</doc>
<doc id="5963663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963663" title="The Homelessness Project">
The Homelessness Project

The Homelessness Project (THP), based in Seattle helps homeless families secure and keep permanent, stable housing. The Homelessness Project (THP) started in 1989 with 2 transitional houses.
THP offers 44 units of subsidized housing to single parent homeless families in crisis. As of 2005, THP has served 306 families, including 618 children. 87% of client families leave the program to move into apartments or houses.

</doc>
<doc id="5963668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963668" title="Mihai Neșu">
Mihai Neșu

Mihai Mircea Neșu (nickname: "Bișonul"/"The Bichon"), (born 19 February 1983 in Oradea) is a Romanian football player, who played most of his career for Steaua București. He also played for FC Utrecht. His career came to an end when he suffered a bad neck injury, which left him paralyzed. He officially ended his career in 2012, as he mainly wanted to focus on his rehabilitation.
Club career.
Steaua București.
He signed his first professional contract in 2001 with Steaua București. Steaua paid for Mihai $ 6.000.
Neșu made his debut on 21 April 2002 in a game against Petrolul Ploiesti which ended 1–1. In the first two seasons he did not play too much, only 13 games, and his best performance was the vice-champion title in 2002–2003.
They succeeded the same performance in the next season when Mihai played more, 13 games. In the season 2004–2005 he won his first champion title with Steaua and he succeeded to score his first goal in Divizia A, although he played only 7 games. In the next year he played in 19 games and Steaua won for the second consecutive year the title of champion team.
After Ogararu's transfer to Ajax Amsterdam, Mihai Nesu won a place in the first "eleven" and now was a basic player for the team.
In the European Cups he played in 20 games but did not score any game. He debuted in the season 2003–2004 in UEFA Cup when played 3 games2.
After only one European game in 2004–2005 he had in the next season very good results and Nesu played in all four games for the qualifiers in UEFA Champions League. After this he played in UEFA Cup and succeeded to defeat teams like Lens, Heerenveen, Real Betis and Rapid București, but they were eliminated in the semi-final by Middlesbrough.
In the season 2006–2007 Steaua with Mihai as a titular player eliminated Standard Liège and succeeded after 10 years to qualify in UEFA Champions League groups in a group with Real Madrid, Olympique Lyonnais and Dynamo Kiev.
As of 23 August 2008 Neșu played 87 games in Liga I of Romania, scoring once. All the games were played under Steaua București's badge.
FC Utrecht and injury.
Neșu completed a transfer deal with FC Utrecht which saw him move to the club on 27 August 2008. He replaced Erik Pieters who left for PSV in the summer.
However, on 10 May 2011 Neșu suffered a bad injury during a training session with his team. Mihai Nesu, collided heavily with a team mate during Tuesday's training. Neșu broke his cervical vertebrae. The doctors said that it may take days, weeks or even several months before it becomes clear if he will ever recover.
In June 2012 his contract with Utrecht expired. Neșu officially ended his career in professional football, although he had not played for a year after his paralysis.
International career.
He also won four caps for Romania, his first in 2005, against Ivory Coast.
Personal life.
Neșu is the son of a famous Romanian football referee. His nephew, Nikos Barboudis, is also a football player.
He married Maria Laura Gherman in June 2006.
Accident.
Neșu was involved in a freak training-ground accident on 10 May 2011 when team-mate Alje Schut landed on top of him as they challenged for the ball in a practice match. Neșu broke a cervical vertebra in his neck and was left without any feeling in his body from the neck down and fighting for breath. After a 5 hour surgery and 4 days of unconsciousness he started to speak and recognize people around him but he still couldn't feel his arms and legs. He risks to remain paralyzed for the rest of his life.
Meanwhile, his teammates were in shock, especially Alje Schut who was deeply affected by the accident and couldn't train anymore.
The FC Utrecht fans showed extraordinary support for their player, sending hundreds of mails and postcards with emotional messages. Scarves and T-shirts of Nesu went out of stock.
In the next home match against rivals AZ Alkmaar, the fans revealed a huge supporting banner and chanted for extended periods of time. Every player on the pitch wore a T-Shirt with Nesu's face and Romanian flag imprinted on it Picture Encouraged by a 27.000 crowd, FC Utrecht won the game 5-1, in an impressive manner with every goal being dedicated to Mihai Nesu.

</doc>
<doc id="5963676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963676" title="Rutgers School of Law–Camden">
Rutgers School of Law–Camden

Rutgers School of Law–Camden is a public law school of Rutgers University located in Camden, New Jersey on the Delaware Waterfront. It is one of two law schools of Rutgers University and one of only three law schools in the state of New Jersey. The law school is located on the main campus of Rutgers–Camden, just away from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania via the immediately neighboring Benjamin Franklin Bridge.
Originally opened in 1926 as ""South Jersey Law School"" by Arthur E. Armitage, Sr., and an interested group of citizens, the law school merged with Rutgers University in 1950. The school is approved by the American Bar Association and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools. Students are graduates of 140 different colleges and universities. The school consistently ranks in the second tier of law schools in the nation and is currently ranked "91st" among the Top 100 law schools in the 2013 edition of "U.S. News & World Report's" "Best Graduate Schools", but has ranked higher in previous years (i.e. 65th in 2006, 2007, 2009). The school's legal writing program is ranked 11th in the nation by U.S. News and has been consistently ranked among the top legal writing programs in the past decade. Its part-time program was ranked 9th in the nation for 2013.
In January 2009, Rutgers School of Law–Camden completed construction of a new facility designed by Ayers Saint Gross. The addition to the existing law school cost approximately $24 million and added classrooms, office space, and the 'Archer & Greiner Moot Courtroom.' The project included renovations in the existing facility, expanded social areas and clinical space. A two-story glass bridge spans Fifth Street in Camden and is visible to travelers on the Benjamin Franklin Bridge.
Academic Program.
Rutgers School of Law–Camden offers a legal education designed to teach the rules of law and their application; to demonstrate how lawyers analyze legal issues and express arguments and conclusions; to inculcate the skills of the counselor, advocate, and decision maker; and to explore the ethical and moral dimensions of law practice and professional conduct.
The law school offers a three-year course of study for full-time students and a four-year, part-time program leading to the awarding of the Juris Doctor degree. According to the 2011 edition of the U.S. News & World Report, 573 students were enrolled full-time and 216 students were enrolled part-time. 
Camden has two unique features uncharacteristic of other schools of similar repute. First, the number of students accepting clerkships as their first job out of law school typically exceeds or equals the number of students accepting positions in private practice. Second, the number of part-time students enrolled in the "part-time day" program exceeds the number of students in the part-time evening program. Most law schools typically only offer part-time evening programs, giving students the option to transfer to the day program after completing the required curriculum and meeting a set GPA.
Journals.
The law school publishes three student journals:
Clinics.
Rutgers School of Law - Camden has four clinics[https://camlaw.rutgers.edu/clinics]:
Externships.
Rutgers School of Law–Camden has two externships [https://camlaw.rutgers.edu/externship]:
Pro bono.
Rutgers School of Law–Camden currently has thirteen pro bono projects
Clerkships.
Camden places an unusually large number of graduates in judicial clerkships, typically 30-35% of the class. The vast majority of these clerkships are with state and local courts, while fewer than 5% of graduates are placed in federal clerkships.

</doc>
<doc id="5963678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963678" title="George Rodgers (UK politician)">
George Rodgers (UK politician)

George Rodgers (7 November 1925 – 15 February 2000) was a British Labour Party politician.
Rodgers was Member of Parliament (MP) for the marginal Chorley seat from 1974 to 1979, when he lost to the Conservative Den Dover.

</doc>
<doc id="5963679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963679" title="René (novella)">
René (novella)

René is a short novella by François-René de Chateaubriand, which first appeared in 1802. The work had an immense impact on early Romanticism, comparable to that of Goethe's "The Sorrows of Young Werther". Like the German novel, it deals with a sensitive and passionate young man who finds himself at odds with contemporary society. "René" was first published as part of Chateaubriand's "Génie du christianisme" along with another novella, "Atala", although it was in fact an excerpt from a long prose epic the author had composed between 1793 and 1799 called "Les Natchez", which would not be made public until 1826. "René" enjoyed such immediate popularity that it was republished separately in 1805 along with "Atala".
Plot summary.
René, a desperately unhappy young Frenchman, seeks refuge among the Natchez people of Louisiana. It is a long time before he is persuaded to reveal the cause of his melancholy. He tells of his lonely childhood in his father's castle in Brittany. His mother died giving birth to him and since his father is a remote, forbidding figure, René takes refuge in an intense friendship with his sister Amélie and in long, solitary walks in the countryside around the castle. 
When René's father dies and his brother inherits the family home, he decides to travel. He visits the ruins of ancient Greece and Rome which inspire him with melancholy reflections. He travels to Scotland to view the places mentioned by the bard Ossian and to the famous sights of Italy. Nothing satisfies him: "The ancient world had no certainty, the modern world had no beauty." He returns to France and finds society corrupt and irreligious. His sister Amélie inexplicably seems to avoid him too. As René explains: 
Disgusted, René withdraws from society and lives in an obscure part of the city. But this reclusive life soon bores him too. He decides to move to the countryside but he finds no happiness there: "Alas, I was alone, alone on the earth. A secret languor was taking hold of my body. The disgust for life I had felt since childhood came back with renewed force. Soon my heart no longer provided food for my mind, and the only thing I felt in my existence was a deep ennui."
René decides to kill himself, but when his sister learns of his plan, the two are joyfully reunited. But there is no happy ending. Amélie seems to be pining for something. One day, René finds she has gone, leaving a letter saying she wants to become a nun but giving no explanation why. René goes to witness her initiation ceremony where she reveals she has joined the convent because she wants to overcome her incestuous love for him. Devastated by this confession, René decides to leave Europe forever and travel to America. After spending some time with the Indians, he receives a letter announcing his sister's death. The novella concludes by revealing shortly after René told his tale, he was killed in a battle between the Natchez and the French. 
(Note: according to the version in "Les Natchez", the action of the story takes place in the 1720s).
Literary significance & criticism.
As the title suggests, there are numerous autobiographical elements in the book, which draws extensively on Chateaubriand's memories of his own childhood in Brittany and his travels in North America in 1791. Chateaubriand was criticised for his use of the theme of incest and there is no evidence that his sister Lucile had any such passion for him in real life.
"René" proved an immense inspiration to young Romantics who felt it was the perfect expression of the "mal du siècle" their generation experienced. Notable admirers included Berlioz and Alfred de Musset. Its fame reached abroad; René's travels through Europe were imitated by Lord Byron in "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage". Both René and Harold are restless outsiders with an aristocratic contempt for the banality of the world. Like Goethe with "Werther", in later years, Chateaubriand came to resent the popularity of his early work. As he wrote in his memoirs:

</doc>
<doc id="5963694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963694" title="Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of New Westminster">
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of New Westminster

The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of New Westminster is a Ukrainian Greek Catholic eparchy that governs parishes in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is currently led by Bishop Kenneth Nowakowski.
As of 2004, the diocese contains 17 parishes, 11 active diocesan priests, 2 religious priests, and 7,800 Catholics. It also has 2 Women Religious, 2 Religious Brothers, and 2 permanent deacons.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5963697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963697" title="Evagoras Pallikarides">
Evagoras Pallikarides

Evagoras Pallikarides (, 26 February 1938 – 14 March 1957) was a member of EOKA during the 1955–1959 campaign against British rule in Cyprus.
Early years.
Pallikarides was born in Tsada, Paphos District, one of five children of Miltiades and Aphrodite Pallikarides. He studied at the Greek High School of Paphos where, at age 15, he participated in his school's boycott of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in June 1953.
Due to celebrations in honor of Queen Elizabeth II's coronation, the British raised the Union Jack at all schools throughout Cyprus. Paphos was the only town where celebrations were not held because Pallikarides had deliberately taken down the British flag from the Paphos Gymnasium Gym propylaea (entrance) and knew full well what the consequences of such an act would be. He carried on his resistance with other secondary school pupils by forcibly bending during the night all British flag bearing iron posts along the main street entrance to Paphos as well as with demonstrations.
EOKA.
When EOKA began the struggle against British colonialism in 1955, Pallikarides took part in several anti-British demonstrations and joined EOKA when he was just 17 years old. In November 1955 on his way to school he saw two British soldiers mercilessly beating a friend who had been arrested and tied to an electricity pole because he refused to say who lowered the British flag during the previous night in the grounds of the Paphos Hospital. Pallikarides assaulted, struck the two British soldiers and freeing his friend escaped the scene. He was arrested himself later on the same day and sent for trial at the Paphos District Court on alleged charges of rioting. Pallikarides denied the charges and was ordered to reappear for trial on December 6, 1956. Anticipating imprisonment in the special concentration camps set up by the British for mere suspects, he decided to take to the mountains, where he joined one of the many EOKA guerrilla groups that operated throughout Cyprus. Over the next year, Pallikarides participated in several guerrilla operations. Meanwhile, a reward of 5,000 pounds was put on his head by the British Army.
Pallikarides was arrested on December 18, 1956 because he was caught red-handed with his guns loaded on a donkey. The police had privately reported that he had murdered a man, considered to be a British collaborator by EOKA, although there was no evidence for this claim of murder.
Trial and hanging.
At his trial Pallikarides did not deny possession of the weapon. He said he did what he had to do as a Greek Cypriot seeking his freedom. He was sentenced to death by hanging for firearms possession on February 27, 1957. Pallikarides was hanged on March 14, 1957, at the age of 19. A propaganda leaflet was published after the hanging with a fabricated description of how he had murdered a traitor. The lawfulness of his execution has been subsequently questioned in light of the fact that the weapon held by Pallikarides at the time was not functional. A. W. B. Simpson in his book "Human Rights and the End of Empire", claims that the real reason for his execution was that the authorities believed, but were unable to prove, that he had earlier murdered an elderly individual who was a suspected collaborator with the British authorities.
He was buried at the Imprisoned Graves in the Central Jail of Nicosia.

</doc>
<doc id="5963703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963703" title="Birmingham Gardens, New South Wales">
Birmingham Gardens, New South Wales

Birmingham Gardens is a suburb of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia, bordering the University of Newcastle west-northwest of Newcastle's central business district. It is part of the City of Newcastle local government area.
Birmingham Gardens had a population of 2,122 in 2011.
Origins.
The Birmingham Gardens area was first subdivided in the 1930s. The area was expanded in the 1960s with the price of land being the attraction. The name Birmingham Gardens was given by Mr.T.M.Burke who originally subdivided the area after the English town of Birmingham. Originally owned by Newcastle Wallsend Coal Co & sold to Commonwealth Oil Refineries.
Today.
Birmingham Gardens, residents include a majority of people aged over 55 and a number of university students renting near the University of Newcastle. A few families now live in Birmingham Gardens

</doc>
<doc id="5963705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963705" title="Israeli invasion of Lebanon">
Israeli invasion of Lebanon

Israeli invasion of Lebanon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963718" title="Jean Painlevé">
Jean Painlevé

Jean Painlevé (20 November 1902 – 2 July 1989) was a film director and biologist specialized in the underwater fauna. He was the son of mathematician and twice prime-minister of France, Paul Painlevé.
Upbringing.
A few days after Painlevé was born, his mother, Marguerite Petit de Villeneuve, died from complications arising from an infection contracted during childbirth. Painlevé, an only son, was raised by his father's sister Marie, a widow.
In the "Lycée Louis Le Grand", he was a poor and inattentive student who preferred to skip classes and go to the "Jardin d'Acclimatation" where he was assisting the guard in taking care of the animals. Painlevé later wrote: "In high school, my classmates hated me. They hated people in the margins, such as Vigo, son of the anarchist Almereyda, or Pierre Merle, son of Eugène Merle, director of weekly "Merle Blanc" ("White Blackbird"). Me, I was the son of a "Boche" ("Kraut)", that Painlevé who had fought for Sarrail, solitary and unique republican general, and who had relieved Nivelle of his duties to replace him with Pétain". He finished high school well apart "from these poor, unhappy ones who were like tradesmen in their trade". Among the few friends he made in his adolescence are future film critic Georges Altman, writer and precious stones specialist Armand Moss (Moschowitz), who later appeared as an extra in "Mathusalem", and others.
There is a collection of brass / galalith jewelry associated with his films.
Studies.
Painlevé had to abandon his studies aimed at entering the "École Polytechnique" because he understood practically nothing of "Mathematics". (He would subsequently state he wished that Mathematics was approached "like a language and not like a mystery"). Instead, he turned to Medicine. However, two years into his studies, he abandoned the class of professor Delbet, on account of the professor's treatment of a hydroencephalic patient which Painlevé found cruel, never to come back. He next turned to Biology and entered the "Laboratoire d'Anatomie et d'Histologie Comparée" in Sorbonne.
Personal life.
In the course of his studies in Biology, Painlevé started frequenting the "Station biologique de Roscoff". There, he met Viviane, Geneviève ("Ginette"), and Maryvonne Hamon, the three daughters of Augustin and Henriette Hamon, translators of the works of George Bernard Shaw in France and anarchist militants. Ginette would become Painlevé's work partner and life companion.
The Hamons' residence in Port Blanc, Penvenan, named ""Ty an Diaoul"", (which some locals had dubbed ""Maison du Diable"", "House of the Devil") eventually became a second home for Painlevé.
Political influences and militancy.
Painlevé, along with Georges Altman and others, in 1918, created in his school an affiliate union to the "Socialist Revolutionary Students", an anarchist organisation established in the previous century. Painlevé himself was distributing in the street pamphlets calling on passers-by to join up. After two years, in 1920, he left the group to join the union of "Communist Students".
His acquaintance with the Hamons familiarised Painlevé with the active practice of anarchism and teaching it by example. Augustin Hamon and his wife wanted their children to be raised in the altruist culture and under anarchist principles, so they had no objections to their young daughter living with Jean Painlevé as an unmarried couple ("living in sin"), something socially unacceptable in Catholic France, and, even more so, in deeply Catholic Penvenan, where the Harmons resided.
The Hamon family and their lifestyle influenced Jean Painlevé not only in his politics but in his outlook on life in general. Painlevé joined the Hamon daughters, all of whom would go on to become scientists, in their quest to acquire knowledge on everything. At the same time, Augustin Hamon encouraged not just young, inquisitive scientists, but also young artists with radical and controversial ideas, to come visit in his home, in Britanny. Painlevé would make numerous acquaintances among the visitors, such as Calder, Pierre Prévert, Jacques-Alain Boiffard, and Eli Lotar.
Contact with Surrealism.
Prévert and Boiffard were part of the Surrealist wave and brought Jean Painlevé in contact with the artists active in the movement. Painlevé started collaborating with the monthly revue "Surrealisme", directed by Ivan Goll. In 1924, the revue published an article by Painlevé titled "". In the article, which could be considered a declaration of principles, Painlevé preached the "recording of reality", which, added to the imagination of the screenwriter and cinema's techniques of slow motion, accelerated speed and the blur, can create "a surrealist esthetic". Most of Painlevé's subsequent designs on cinema are gathered in this article, where he affirmed "the superiority of reality", the "extraordinary inventiveness of Nature", over "the artifice" of traditional cinematographical scenes.
Painlevé, like Guillaume Apollinaire in 1909, claimed that "the cinema is a creator of a surreal life".
One year later, in 1925, after a communication with the l'Académie des Sciences, he submitted a pseudo-scientific, nonsensical and entirely Surrealist text, which he titled "Neo-zoological Drama".
Painlevé cannot be considered part of the Surrealist movement and did not actually consider himself a surrealist. He did, however, share the surrealists' interest in psycho-sexual stimulation and the ultimate weirdness of procreation.
Cinema.
Painlevé first came to the cinema as an actor, alongside Michel Simon, and also as assistant director in the René Sti unfinished film "L'inconnue des six jours" "(The Unknown Woman of Six Days)", 1926. (Later, he would appear as "chief ant handler" in Luis Buñuel's "Un Chien Andalou", 1928). Soon, he was shooting his own films, starting with "L'œuf d'épinoche : de la fécondation à l'éclosion", 1927.
Painlevé sometimes scored the music and background sounds for his films, such as in "Les Oursins", where the collage of noise is a homage to Edgar Varese.
In order to shoot scenes underwater, Painlevé encased his camera in a custom designed waterproof box, fitted with a glass plate which allowed the camera's lens to reach through. Understandably, he spent a lot of time submerged in water. In his 1935 essay, titled "Feet In The Water", Painlevé discussed wading, its instinctive, sensual pleasure and thwarted desire: "Wading around in water up to your ankles or navel, day and night, in all kinds of weather, even in areas where one is sure to find nothing, digging about everywhere for algae or octopus, getting hypnotised by a sinister pond where everything seems to promise marvels although nothing lives there. This is the ecstasy of any addict." 
Overall Jean Painlevé directed more than two hundred science and nature films.
"Science is Fiction: 23 Films by Jean Painlevé", a DVD collection of his films was released in 2009 by the Criterion Collection.
Legacy.
Advocating the credo "science is fiction," Painlevé managed to scandalize both the scientific and the cinematographic world with a cinema designed to entertain as well as edify. He portrayed sea horses, vampire bats, skeleton shrimps, and fanworms as endowed with human traits — the erotic, the comical, and the savage. Painlevé single-handedly established a unique kind of cinema, the "scientific-poetic cinema".

</doc>
<doc id="5963726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963726" title="William Atkinson Jones">
William Atkinson Jones

William Atkinson Jones (March 21, 1849 – April 17, 1918) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1891 to 1918 from the first district of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Early life.
Jones was born in Warsaw, Virginia on March 21, 1849 coming from honorable American stock. His great-grandfather, Joseph Jones, was a general in the Revolutionary War, an intimate and trusted friend of Lafayette, and subsequently postmaster of Petersburg, Virginia by appointment of Thomas Jefferson. Thomas Jones, the son of Joseph, married Mary Lee, the daughter of Richard Lee, long a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses from Westmoreland County, a first cousin of the famous Richard Henry Lee; and from this marriage was born Thomas Jones II, his father who married Anne Seymour Trowbridge of Plattsburg, New York. James Trowbridge, his maternal grandfather, was recognized by the Congress for his gallantry at the Battle of Plattsburg in 1814. He came from a good heritage, a heritage of which he never boasted, but which he exemplified by a life of high purpose and eminent usefulness.
Education.
His boyhood fell during the American Civil War. His father, a former soldier, lawyer, and a judge entered him as a cadet at the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington in the fall of 1864, where he remained until the evacuation of Richmond, serving as occasion required with the corps of that famous institute in defense of the capital of his State. Thus, as a boy of 16 he did arduous and valiant military service. He was then placed in Coleman's School, at Fredericksburg from which he entered the University of Virginia at Charlottesville in October, 1868. He graduated with distinction in its School of Law in June, 1870. He was also a noted athlete in school.
He was admitted to the bar in 1870 and commenced practice in Warsaw, Virginia. He became a Commonwealth attorney for several years.
Politics.
Jones became active in the Democratic Party politics and served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880, 1896, and 1900. He was elected to thirteen consecutive Congresses beginning in 1891. From 1911 to 1918, he served as Chairman of the House Committee on Insular Affairs, which had jurisdiction over areas including the Philippines and Puerto Rico. He is best remembered as the House sponsor of the Jones Act or the Philippine Autonomy Act, which promised ultimate independence to the Philippines. He also sponsored the Jones-Shafroth Act, which modified the Organic Act of Puerto Rico and conferred United States citizenship on Puerto Ricans.
Family.
William Atkinson Jones was married to Claude Douglas Motley (b. 1864) of James, Virginia on January 23, 1889 in Lynchburg County, Virginia. The couple had a son also named William Atkinson Jones born in Warsaw on September 16, 1889. He became a lawyer like his father and served in World Wars I & II.
Death.
On April 7, 1918, Jones was attacked by paralysis and was taken to George Washington University Hospital in Washington, D.C.. He remained unconscious from the day of the attack till he died on April 17, 1918. He was buried at the graveyard of St. John's Episcopal Church in Warsaw on April 19. The monument on his grave was paid for by the citizens of the Philippines as a token of gratitude for his support of their independence by authoring the Philippine Autonomy Act enacted in 1916.
His personal and official papers were donated to the Special Collections Library of the University of Virginia and are open for research.
Memorials.
Jones was well loved all over the Philippine archipelago for his work for the passage of the law that bears his name. A major bridge in Manila, Jones Bridge, was named after him. Construction of the bridge was started by the Americans in 1916 to replace the historical bridge, "Puente de España" (Bridge of Spain), one block upriver after it was destroyed by flood in 1914. At the time of Jones's death the new bridge, which was still under construction, was named in his honor. The Philippine Legislature had appropriated funds for the erection of a mausoleum over his tomb in Warsaw, his home town, and a monument in Manila.
The new municipality of Jones, Isabela was named in his honor when it was inaugurated in 1921. The municipality of Banton, Romblon was renamed as Jones in 1918 in his honor but reverted to its old name in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="5963728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963728" title="Nova Roma (disambiguation)">
Nova Roma (disambiguation)

Nova Roma is a Roman reconstructionist organization.
Nova Roma may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963730" title="Dithiane">
Dithiane

A dithiane is a heterocyclic compound composed of a cyclohexane core structure wherein two methylene bridges (-- units) are replaced by sulfur centres. The three isomeric parent heterocycles are 1,2-dithiane, 1,3-dithiane and 1,4-dithiane.
1,3-Dithianes.
1,3-Dithianes are protecting group of some carbonyl-containing compounds due to their inertness to many conditions. They form by treatment of the carbonyl compound with 1,3-propanedithiol under conditions that remove water from the system. The protecting group can be removed with mercuric reagents, a process that exploits the high affinity of Hg(II) for thiolates. 1,3-Dithianes are also employed in umpolung reactions, such as the Corey-Seebach reaction: 
Typically, in organic synthesis, ketones and aldehydes are protected as their dioxolanes instead of dithianes.

</doc>
<doc id="5963732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963732" title="Bănel Nicoliță">
Bănel Nicoliță

Bănel Nicoliță (born 7 January 1985 in Făurei, Brăila County) is a Romanian footballer of Romani descent, currently playing for Ligue 1 side Nantes. Nicoliță is nicknamed "Jardel" after the famous Mário Jardel of Brazil. He can play as a right winger or left winger and has been used on occasion as a right back. He is known for his electrifying pace and very high work rate.
Club career.
Brăila and Politehnica Timișoara.
He made his debut in Romanian Liga II, playing for Brăila. After, he joined Politehnica Timişoara, making his Divizia A debut at the age of 19. However, he made only 15 league appearances for the club before moving to Steaua Bucureşti, at the beginning of 2005, he signed a 5-year contract with Steaua Bucureşti.
Steaua București.
Shortly after joining Steaua, Nicoliță won his first Liga I title upon his first season with the team. He is known as a humble and hard-working, though not very technical, speed and quickness are his strengths. 
In the spring of 2006, he scored twice in the match against Real Betis, his goals opening Steaua's door to the quarterfinals of the UEFA Cup, and then he scored again in the quarterfinals, this time against Rapid Bucureşti to help his team reach the semifinals.
On 1 November 2006, he scored an own goal against Real Madrid in a Champions League encounter. Unfortunately for him and the Romanian side, this turned out to be decisive in the outcome of the match. He claimed he couldn't sleep for 48 hours after scoring it. After a game with FC Argeş, Romanian newspaper Gazeta Sporturilor named him Bănelinho.
On 27 August 2008, he has scored one goal in the match against Galatasaray, in the third qualifying round of UEFA Champions League, which sent Steaua Bucureşti in to the group stage for the third consecutive year.
Starting with the 2010–11 season, Bănel was the new captain of Steaua, but with the arrival of new coach Ilie Dumitrescu, he soon gave his armband to Cristian Tănase.
Saint-Étienne.
On 30 August 2011, Saint-Étienne announced on their official website that they had found agreement with Steaua for Nicoliță's transfer and that the player would fly to France and undergo a medical the following day. Being in his last year of contract with Steaua Bucureşti the transfer fee was €700.000. He signed a contract worth €400.000 per year.
On 6 November he scored his first goal helping Saint-Étienne draw against second place Montpellier. In a game against Sochaux Nicoliță offerd the assist for teenager Zouma to give Saint-Étienne the win. After only six months with the French team he became a leader scoring 3 goals and offering 3 assists after hist first 11 appearances. In February 2012 Nicoliță hit a rough patch, having a couple of not so convincing games, being described as monotonous. In March, he was sidelined for a couple of weeks, due to ligament problems. He recovered in late March 2012 and played in the games against Montpellier and Olympique Lyonnais, both 1–0 defeats.
FC Nantes.
On 2 September 2013, Ligue 1 club FC Nantes confirmed Nicoliță was signed on a season long loan from Saint-Étienne.
He made an assist for his first match against FC Sochaux.
International career.
Nicoliță won 34 caps for Romania up to date and scored one goal. He also used to be a Romanian U21 international.
On 25 March 2008, he was decorated by the president of Romania, Traian Băsescu for the results on Qualifying to EURO 2008 and qualification to UEFA Euro 2008 Group C with Medalia "Meritul Sportiv" — (The Medal "The Sportive Merit") class II with two barret.
He was captain for the first time in the friendly against San Marino on 11 August 2011.
Personal life.
Nicoliță is an ethnic Romani, one of six brothers raised by his mother in the small, impoverished town of Făurei, Nicoliță grew up determined to succeed and his speed and diligence on the field are proof of his unalloyed passion for the game.
One of his brothers, is also a professional footballer who plays for CF Brăila.
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of match played 2 September 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="5963734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963734" title="Raymond Wintz">
Raymond Wintz

Raymond Wintz (Joseph Raimond Wintz) (1884-1956) was a Paris-born painter and engraver whose most famous paintings were of marine and coastal views in Brittany. He is best known for his painting "The Blue Door", which is still widely available as a poster and print.
Life.
Raymond Wintz was born on 25 March 1884. He was the son of the painter Guillaume Wintz (1823-1899) and the husband of the painter Renée Carpentier-Wintz (1913-2003). 
Raymond Wintz was trained at the School of Decorative Arts and the National College of Fine Arts in Paris. He was a pupil of Jules Adler at the "Ecole Francais" and started exhibiting at the Salon des Artistes Francais in 1910.
Among the awards and distinctions he held were:
Raymond Wintz died in 1956 and is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery, Paris.
Works.
The best known of Raymond Wintz’s paintings is "The Blue Door", which is still sold as a poster and print. It is believed to have been painted in 1924 and the French title, which appears on some older prints, is "Un coin du port a Doelan". It contains many of his typical themes and motifs: a partially seen room with an open door to a balcony overlooking a harbour or coastal scene. A vase or plant-pot containing geraniums or hydrangeas often features. A similarly themed painting, "The Open Door", was sold in the USA as a "Paint it Yourself Art Program" in the 1950s. The information accompanying this states that Wintz painted the scene following a trip to Brittany in 1924 and that it is based on the actual view from a friend’s villa. Brittany was the location for "The Blue Door" and for most of his landscapes which carry the name of the location and include "Camaret" and "Morning Light at Dalan (Finisterre)".
A weekly French newspaper, L'Illustration, featured one of his watercolours, "Matinee sur la" "Baie du Morbihan". In addition, several of his prints were reproduced in the "Homelovers Art Review". These include "La Vue Tranquille", "Blue Harbour (Port Haliguen) Brittany", and "Luminosite Marine". Postcards were produced featuring some of his paintings, including "Breton Fishing Village" and "Hydrangeas" published by the Medici Society.
The style in which Raymond Wintz painted can be broadly termed ‘realism’, although a slight leaning towards impressionism has been noted. He may have been attracted to the Brittany locations because of the quality of the light, in the same way as a school of painting grew up around Newlyn in Cornwall. He has been called ‘the painter of light’ and his works were described as 'nostalgic' even in the 1950s. To a modern day audience his paintings may evoke childhood memories of holidays on the coast. The continuing popularity of "The Blue Door" may be because it typifies the kind of view that people want from their front window.
Paintings attributed to 'Richard Wintz' and 'R. Wints' also appear to be by Raymond Wintz, displaying many of his characteristic motifs and stylistic features. The confusion has possibly arisen because his signature is 'R.Wintz' and 'R. Wints' appears to be a misreading of this. Paintings are most commonly signed in the bottom right hand corner.
His works were exhibited in museums and galleries including the Tattegrain Museum and Petit-Palais in Paris and the Museums of Reims, Laon, Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, Montevideo, and Glasgow, but it is not clear how many remain on show. His paintings are occasionally sold at auction in France and other locations, with most originating from and entering private collections. 
In terms of auction records, an oil painting called "La Maison Rose" (48 x 55 cm) was sold at auction by Bonhams for £2,800 in December 2007. The highest recorded price may be 13,200 euros obtained for "Port a l'ile d'Yeu", a large (165 x 195 cm) oil painting sold by Chayette-Cheval in France in December 2004.
References.
"Bénézit Dictionary of Artists" (2006). Paris: Grund. ISBN 2 7000 3084 (vol. 14)

</doc>
<doc id="5963747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963747" title="Bijou Video">
Bijou Video

Established in 1969 by Steven Toushin, Bijou Video is a company specializing in the production of gay pornographic films, based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
History.
Toushin, originally of Brooklyn, New York, and now the company’s president, was passing through Chicago in the summer of 1968 and planned to stay for six months. There, he obtained employment at the Aardvark Theater, an experimental avant-garde theater in Piper’s Alley. He enjoyed the city so much he stayed beyond his initially planned six-month period. Ten months after taking the managing position, Toushin then had his first obscenity arrest. Later, in 1969, Toushin became a partner in the Festival Theater Corporation in Chicago, the parent company of Aardvark, the Festival Theater in Chicago, and the Festival Theater in Indianapolis (located at 5505 East Washington Street), which showed art and documentary type films. In 1970 graphic hardcore pornographic films started to be exhibited to the general public in a few of the major cities. Toushin's theaters were the first theaters to exhibit these films in the Midwest.
Based on their success, Toushin opened the Bijou Theater and sex club in 1970 at 1349 Wells Street in Chicago's Old Town district featuring gay pornographic films and a place for gay men to meet and have sexual encounters. Bijou theater is still in operation to this day. Shortly thereafter, Festival Theater Corporation grew to eight theaters, two adult bookstores and movie production. In 1975 Steven formed other companies which included a variety of massage parlors and Gay bathhouses in Chicagoand a movie theater and sex club known as "Savages" in San Francisco.
Starting in 1970, Festival Theater Corporation produced, distributed and exhibited gay and straight films. Bijou Video was formed in 1978 and has been a leading producer and distributor of gay pornographic films based in Chicago. In 1985, Images of the World (now the parent company of Bijou Video) was formed to manage Bijou Video, while Festival Theater Corporation operates the Bijou Theater and sex club. Bijou Video produces and sells videos and DVDs showing explicit sexual activity between men.
Toushin has written several books: "The Puppy Papers, The Destruction of the Moral Fabric of America, Puppy's Tales" and "The Cock Coloring Book".
In 1989 at the Adult Video Awards show in Las Vegas, Toushin received (while he was in prison) the Reuben Sturman Award “For Legal Battles on Behalf of the Adult Industry. In 2007 at the GayVN award show in San Francisco.Toushin was awarded the “Life Time Achievement Award” from the Gay Adult Industry. He is the third person to receive this honor. In the June 2008 AVN (Adult Video News) magazine’s 25th anniversary edition Toushin was acknowledged as one of the 25 pioneers who developed the Gay/bi Adult Film Industry. In January 2009 at the AVN award show in Las Vegas, Toushin was inducted into the Founders Branch. This award recognized Toushin’s contribution as being a major player in developing the modern Adult Industry.
Acquisitions.
Bijou Video has acquired and is restoring a collection of vintage gay pornographic films, magazines, photographs, and posters. Bijou Video has acquired films from the following studios:
Legal issues.
Steven Toushin and Bijou Video have been the subject of 21 federal and local government obscenity arrests and trials. The first obscenity charge was brought against Toushin in 1969 for exhibiting the film Flaming Creatures, by Jack Smith, in Chicago, shortly followed by another arrest for obscenity in 1970 for exhibiting the film I Am Curious (Yellow) in Indianapolis and in 1973 "Deep Throat" in East Chicago, Indiana.
The most notable charges were the result of The Meese Commission in 1987 in the wave of federal obscenity arrests across the country in "Operation PostPorn". U.S. Attorney General Edwin Meese spearheaded charges against Toushin and others involved in the Bijou Video organization claiming the following pornographic films that Bijou Video sold, produced and distributed were obscene:
The Miller Test requires that obscenity be measured against community standards, which requires the trials to occur at a local level. The Meese Commission brought charges against Toushin in Tennessee, Washington, and Utah. After successfully defending these films, the United States government began negotiations with Toushin to settle the charges and drop further prosecution in Utah and Nebraska. He received a sentence of five years probation.

</doc>
<doc id="5963749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963749" title="Jones Law (Philippines)">
Jones Law (Philippines)

The Jones Law (, c. 416), also known as the Jones Act, the Philippine Autonomy Act, and the Act of Congress of August 29, 1916, was an Organic Act passed by the United States Congress. The law replaced the Philippine Organic Act of 1902 and acted like a constitution of the Philippines from its enactment until 1934 when the Tydings–McDuffie Act was passed (which in turn led eventually to the Commonwealth of the Philippines and to independence from the United States). The Jones Law created the first fully elected Philippine legislature.
The law, enacted by the 64th United States Congress on August 29, 1916, contained the first formal and official declaration of the United States Federal Government's commitment to grant independence to the Philippines, and was a framework for a "more autonomous government", with certain privileges reserved to the United States to protect its sovereign rights and interests, in preparation for the grant of independence by the United States. The law provides that the grant of independence would come only "as soon as a stable government can be established", which was to be determined by the United States Government itself. 
The law also changed the Philippine Legislature into the Philippines' first fully elected body and therefore made it more autonomous of the U.S. Government. While the 1902 Philippine Organic Act act provided for an elected lower house (the Philippine Assembly), the upper house (the Philippine Commission) was appointed. The Jones Law provided for both houses to be elected and changed the name of the Assembly to the House of Representatives. The executive branch continued to be headed by an appointed Governor General of the Philippines, always an American.
Elections were held on October 3, 1916 to the newly created Philippine Senate. Elections to the Philippine Assembly had already been held on June 6, 1916 and those elected then automatically became members of the House of Representatives.
In 1898, the Philippines was ceded by Spain to the United States, which subsequently fought the Philippine–American War between 1899 and 1902 and established control over the Philippines.
Evolution of the bill.
In keeping with the idea that the ultimate goal for the Philippines was independence, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt said as early as 1901, "We hope to do for them what has never been done for any people of the tropics—to make them fit for self-government after the fashion of really free nations." Because of the tendency of the American public to view America's presence in the Philippines as unremunerative and expensive, Roosevelt had concluded by 1907 that, "We shall have to be prepared for giving the islands independence of a more or less complete type much sooner than I think advisable."
During the election campaign for the 1912 elections which would make him U.S. President, Woodrow Wilson said, "the Philippines are at present our frontier but I hope we presently are to deprive ourselves of that frontier." Even before the 1912 elections, Congressman William A. Jones, chair of the U.S. House Committee on Insular Affairs, attempted to launch a bill which set a fixed date for Philippine independence. When Jones delayed, Manuel L. Quezon, then one of the Philippines' two resident commissioners to the U.S. House of Representatives, drafted the first of what would eventually be two "Jones Bills". With Republicans dominating the U.S. Senate and with William Howard Taft as President, the bill stood little chance of passage. After the election of Wilson as U.S. President and his appointment of Francis Harrison as President of the Philippine Commission and Governor General of the Philippines, Quezon drafted a second Jones Bill in early 1914. President Wilson had informed Quezon of his hostility to any fixed timetable for independence, and Quezon believed that this draft bill contained enough flexibility to suit Wilson.
Passage into law.
Backed by Harrison, U.S. Secretary of War Lindley Garrison and Wilson, the bill passed the U.S. House in October 1913 and went to the Senate. After amendment by the Senate and further changes in a congressional conference committee, a final version of the bill was signed into U.S. law by President Wilson on August 29, 1916.
Features.
Among the salient provisions of the law was the creation of an all Filipino legislature. It created the Philippine Senate to replace the Philippine Commission, which had served as the upper chamber of the legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="5963754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963754" title="Reg Plummer">
Reg Plummer

Reginald ("Reg") Plummer (born August 6, 1953 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a former field hockey player from Canada.
Plummer participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1976 in Montreal, Canada. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team, just like the team did in Los Angeles, California (1984). Plummer later became the president of the Canadian Field Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5963758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963758" title="Andrew Gonzalez">
Andrew Gonzalez

Brother Andrew Benjamin Gonzalez, F.S.C., (29 February 29, 1940–29 January 2006) was a linguist, writer, educator, and a De La Salle Brother. He served as president of De La Salle University from 1979 to 1991 and from 1994 to 1998. From 1998 to 2001 he served as Secretary of the Department of Education, Culture and Sports under the presidency of Joseph Estrada. After his term ended, he returned to De La Salle University as Vice President for Academics and Research from 2001 to 2003 and as Presidential Adviser for Academics and Research from 2003 to 2005. 
He earned his Ph.D. in linguistics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Early life.
Gonzalez was born as Macario Diosdado Arnedo Gonzalez in Manila to Augusto Gonzalez, a prominent businessman, wealthy landowner, and the son of Dr. Joaquin Gonzalez; and Rosario Arnedo, daughter of Pampanga Governor Macario Arnedo.
Gonzalez attended and completed grade school at De La Salle College in Manila. He was a consistent honor student and graduated as salutatorian. He also finished his High School at De La Salle College in 1955 as Valedictorian. His love for teaching made him decide to become a De La Salle Christian Brother. He finished his novitiate at the De La Salle Retreat House in Baguio City on November 20, 1955 and made his initial vows the year after. He joined the Scholasticate of the De La Salle Christian Brothers in Winona, Minnesota, U.S.A. on December 10, 1956. He studied at Saint Mary's College, a Christian Brother-run college in Winona and earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at the top of his class at the age of 19. He obtained his Master of Arts in English Literature from The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. the year after.
He returned to the Philippines in 1960 and began teaching English Language and Literature at the high school department of La Salle College in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental. He served in several administrative positions at De La Salle College in Manila from 1964 to 1967 and made his final vows as a De La Salle Brother on May 30, 1965. He took up graduate courses in linguistics in the Philippine Normal College. He was admitted to the doctoral program in linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley as a Regent's Fellow in Linguistics and as a Stanley Tasheira Scholar in 1967 and completed the PhD degree in 1970.
Return to the Philippines.
Gonzalez returned to the Philippines in 1971 where he was chosen to become the chairman of the Humanities Department of De La Salle College and was promoted to Academic Vice President from 1971 to 1978. Upon the sudden death of then De La Salle University President- Brother H. Gabriel Connon FSC, Gonzalez became the Acting President. In recognition of his exceptional management ability, he was elected as the president of De La Salle University by the Board of Trustees in 1979 and served until 1991. After his term as university president, he was designated as president of Manila Bulletin Publishing Corporation, and in 1994 he was elected to his second term as president of De La Salle University-Manila where he served until 1998. He was appointed as the Secretary of the Department of Education, Culture and Sports during the term of President Joseph Ejercito Estrada on July 1998 and served until January 2001. During his term as DECS Secretary he got involved with the Ford Expedition Scandal. He rejoined De La Salle University-Manila as Vice President for Academics and Research from 2001 to 2003 and as Presidential Adviser for Academics and Research from 2003 to 2005. Manila Bulletin gave him the title of President Emeritus on January 26, 2006.
As President of De La Salle University Manila.
As president of De La Salle University Manila, he conceptualized the De La Salle University System and helped expand the range of Lasallian education in the Philippines. Brother Andrew established the College of Career Development of De La Salle University-Manila which became the De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde and took over a college and a medical school in Dasmariñas, Cavite which respectively became De La Salle University-Dasmariñas and the De La Salle Health Sciences Institute. He prioritized graduate education by creating new masteral and doctoral degree programs. He also wrote many books in linguistics and education. Under his term, De La Salle University-Manila underwent significant developments as an institution of higher learning, particularly in the areas of research and faculty and program development. He also promoted Alumni activities, and boosted scholarly activities on campus. For example, he made his private collection of books available to members of the public, especially ones interested in learning about applied linguistics.
As Education Secretary.
He initiated the revision of the Basic Education Curriculum and placed a corruption-free procurement system which significantly reduced the costs of textbooks and supplies purchased by the Department of Education, Culture and Sports. He initiated the changing of language of instruction to the "lingua franca" for the first three grades.
Recognition.
In recognition of Gonzalez's achievements, he received awards from the City of Manila, National Press Club, Adamson University and from San Beda College. He received honorary doctorate degrees from Waseda University and Soka University in Japan, St. Paul University in Canada and from St. Mary's College of California. De La Salle University Manila granted him the title of President Emeritus on September 28, 2005 and DLSU-Manila's new state-of-the-art 20-storey General Education Building was named the Brother Andrew Gonzalez Hall.
Death.
Gonzalez died due to complications of diabetes on January 29, 2006 at the De La Salle University Medical Center of De La Salle Health Sciences Institute in Dasmariñas, Cavite. His remains were brought to the De La Salle Brothers' Mausoleum at Lipa City, Batangas.

</doc>
<doc id="5963761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963761" title="Elkhorn Tavern">
Elkhorn Tavern

Elkhorn Tavern is a two-story, wood-frame structure that served as a physical center for the American Civil War Battle of Pea Ridge, also known as the Battle of Elkhorn Tavern, which was fought on March 7 and March 8, 1862, approximately five miles east of Pea Ridge, Arkansas, located in the northeastern Benton County, Arkansas. The tavern, a replica built in 1865 following the burning of the original building by bushwhackers, is now the centerpiece of the Pea Ridge National Military Park, which includes approximately around the structure, including the restored battlefields, a stretch of the pre-war Telegraph Road, which runs directly in front of the tavern, and a section of the Trail of Tears. The tavern is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Before the war.
The first Elkhorn Tavern was built about 1833 by William Ruddick and his son-in-law Samuel Burks, with slave labor used to build the rock foundation and chimneys, and was first known as Ruddick Inn. It was from this tavern that the two families, between 1837 and 1839, watched a portion of the forced Indian migration across the northern course of the Trail of Tears. An early detachment of 336 Cherokees camped near Ruddick Inn on December 23, 1837. By 1839 more than 11,000 Indians had passed the tavern.
Following the deaths of William and Betsey Ruddick, Burks became sole proprietor in 1852. In 1858, he sold the house and the to his cousins Jesse and Polly Cox for $3600. It was Cox who later renamed it Elkhorn Tavern. Under Cox' management, the structure served as a trading post, an unofficial Butterfield Overland Mail stop, post office, voting place, eating establishment, church of the Benton County Baptist Society, and inn. As the war moved near, Jesse Cox left the tavern to the care of his son and daughter-in-law Joseph and Lucinda Pratt Cox and went to Kansas.
During the Battle of Elkhorn Tavern/Pea Ridge.
When the fighting around the tavern began, the Cox family (Joseph and Lucinda Cox, along with Joseph’s mother, Polly) did not leave their home. They grabbed only a few necessities for survival and retreated to the building’s cellar. The family remained in the cellar for three days and nights, March 7–9, 1862, as the battle waged above them. The upper floors of the tavern served as a makeshift hospital for wounded troops, many undergoing surgery and amputations with no anesthetic, and for a short time served as Confederate General Earl Van Dorn's headquarters. The tavern was hit many times by gunfire during the battle, including a cannonball that tore through the second floor, but the building remained standing.
When the fighting finally subsided on March 9, 1862, the scene around the tavern was one of devastation, with the bodies of men and horses scattered across the battlefield and even the trees surrounding the property broken and scarred by the fighting.
After the battle.
Following the battle, the Cox family temporarily moved a short distance from the tavern, in order to complete clean up and repair the structure before moving back. It was during this absence that bushwackers struck, burning the tavern to the ground in January 1863.
Since the original building’s foundation and chimneys were still in good shape, the Cox family rebuilt on the original foundation and chimneys. The new building was completed in 1865.
A National Park.
Elkhorn Tavern remained in the Cox family for nearly a century following the war, with Frances Cox Scot, who was born in the tavern in 1865, inheriting the building after the deaths of her father and mother, Joseph and Lucinda Cox, in 1903 and 1902 respectively. Scot lived and even ran a small Civil War museum in the tavern until 1959, when it was purchased to become part of the newly created Pea Ridge National Military Park. Following the sale, Scot moved to nearby Garfield, Arkansas and died the following year at 95.
Once the property was purchased for the Pea Ridge National Military Park, the tavern was renovated to make it more closely resemble the structure from 1862. Today, Elkhorn Tavern is open to visitors from fall to spring, with costumed volunteers giving a lesson on the history and culture of the site and its former residents.
The Elkhorn name.
The name for the tavern came from a carpenter who, on his way to the tavern, shot an elk about a quarter mile from the building. He removed the horns and gave them to Jesse Cox, who originally placed them on a pole, but later situated them on the roof ridge between the chimneys. An early set of elk antlers are on display inside the tavern building, though the park routinely replaces the set placed on the roof of the building when they become damaged by the weather or animals.

</doc>
<doc id="5963774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963774" title="Hospicio Cabañas">
Hospicio Cabañas

The Hospicio Cabañas in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, a World Heritage Site, is one of the oldest and largest hospital complexes in the Americas.
The complex was founded in 1791 by the Bishop of Guadalajara in order to combine the functions of a workhouse, hospital, orphanage, and almshouse. It owes its name to Juan Ruiz de Cabañas who was appointed to the see of Guadalajara in 1796 and engaged Manuel Tolsá, a renowned architect from Mexico City, to design the structure.
Tolsá's design was based on classic examples such as Les Invalides in Paris and El Escorial near Madrid. The buildings form a rectangle measuring . These are single-storey structures which are in height. The chapel is twice as high and has a dome rising to . The complex is erected on one level, "so as to facilitate the movement of the sick, the aged, and children."
Following the death of Cabañas in 1823, construction continued until 1829. Although it served for a time as barracks in the mid-19th century, the hospital lasted well into the 20th century and continued to function until 1980, when the Cabañas Cultural Institute, with affiliated schools for arts and crafts, moved in. The highlight of the interior decoration is a series of monumental frescoes by José Clemente Orozco, including one of his most famed creations, the allegory of "The Man of Fire" (1936–39).
Hospicio Cabaña was made a Unesco World Heritage site in 1997. Funded through a collaboration by the Cabañas Institute, Jalisco’s cultural ministry and the Hilario Galguera Gallery in 2014, French conceptual artist Daniel Buren created a series of site-specific works in 18 of the 23 courtyards, with cloister columns wrapped in geometric patterns, vaults painted in bright hues and mirrored structures built to create distorted views of familiar surroundings. 
In popular culture.
In the video game Super Street Fighter 2, the character T. Hawk's stage is based on this locale.

</doc>
<doc id="5963785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963785" title="Goodman Building (Austin, Texas)">
Goodman Building (Austin, Texas)

The Goodman Building is a late Victorian style historic commerce building in downtown Austin, Texas. It was constructed as a grocery in the mid-1880s to serve Austinites northwest of the Texas State Capitol. Today is serves as a state government adjunct office. A local bar, "The Cloak Room," occupies the basement and is a favorite for government employees. It is located at 202 W. 13th Street. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text.
Constructed in the 1880s for Joseph Goodman, grocer in this block 1877-1924. Jacob Bickler's German and English academy, elite preparatory school, was on upper floor 1892-1896. Building is noted for rare brick work, ornamental iron.

</doc>
<doc id="5963790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963790" title="WJRZ-FM">
WJRZ-FM

WJRZ-FM (100.1 FM) is a radio station located in New Jersey.
History.
WJRZ began broadcasting on July 4, 1976 from Manahawkin, New Jersey with a Top 40 format that also played a lot of recurrents. The original city of license was Ship Bottom, later changed to Manahawkin, and used the ID "Manahawkin-Toms River". Some of the early slogans used were ""Stereo 100 WJRZ"", ""FM 100 WJRZ"", and as ""HitRadio Power 100 WJRZ"". The station was originally licensed to the Jersey Shore Broadcasting Corporation, which was incorporated in New Jersey in 1974, with Joseph J. Knox, Jr., as president and Brent McNally VP and founders. The station signed on air as an affiliate of the ABC Radio Network and later switched to AP Radio. From its sign-on the station grew its listenership very quickly. WJRZ has had a long history of talented music hosts and newscasters. They include (1970s) Jason "Big Jay" Sorensen, Jay Lurie, Brent McNally, Bob Sorrentino, Terry Barnes, Joe Stephens, Ron Stevens, Lance DeBock, Mike Brophy, A.J. Brooks, Arthur Sarnovsky, Chuck Flamini, Karyn Westhoven, Chris VanZant and many,many others. 
The station maintained studios and a . tower on on Beach Avenue in Manahawkin, next to AT&T High Seas Radio Station WOO. The transmitter was later moved to a . tower on off Route 9 in Waretown.
The CHR/Hot AC format continued until November 1991, when WJRZ moved to a classic hits format, but went back to CHR by the middle of 1992. In December 1998, WJRZ dropped Hot AC in favor of country as "Jersey Shore Country." The country format had a mixed reaction from area listeners and failed to attract a significant number of listeners.
In June 2000, they flipped to oldies as "Oldies 100," and in 2002 ownership changed to Greater Media.
WJRZ-FM Today.
WJRZ-FM moved away from the "Oldies 100" slogan, re-branding themselves as "100.1 WJRZ - The Greatest Hits Of the 60's & 70's" , and in early 2008, simply using "Jersey's Greatest Hits" and dropping all pre-Beatles music except for Sunday nights. The station dropped one of its signature programs- Jukebox Saturday Night with Joe Stephens in June, 2009. WJRZ-FM started broadcasting in HD Radio in November 2007. WJRZ-FM's HD2 multicast channel will be "Classic Oldies," however a launch date has not been established. Its transmitter is located in Waretown.
For Christmas 2009, WJRZ-FM flipped to an all-Christmas playlist on Friday, November 6, 2009. 
On December 14, 2009, most of the on-air personnel at WJRZ-FM were dismissed and on December 15, WJRZ-FM started airing commercials between the Christmas songs announcing their new format. In each of the commercials, they were playing the type of songs typically hear in that type of format. On December 26, 2009, 100.1 WJRZ-FM became Magic 100.1 "Today's Best Variety" similar to Greater Media's sister station WMGQ; an adult contemporary format from New Brunswick, N.J. which is also programed by WJRZ-FM's OM/PD Jeff Rafter. It was not, however, a direct simulcast. The stations shared similar personalities who voicetracked their shows on the WJRZ signal (mornings with Chris McCoy and mid-days with Debbie Mazella). 
In 2010, Jeff Rafter was relieved of his duties at WJRZ-FM. He remains OM/PD at WMGQ. Glenn Kalina overtook the OM/PD role, and became host of the station's new local morning show. 
The WJRZ call sign was previously used in New Jersey on 970 AM in Newark and Hackensack as a country-music station in the 1960s and early 1970s. In 1971, the station switched to a Top 40 format and became WWDJ. Buck Owens mentions WJRZ 970 AM and its then owner, Ed Nielson, in track seven of his 1966 recording, "Carnegie Hall Concert With Buck Owens And His Buckaroos", recorded live by Capitol Records.
WJRZ has had a long history of talented music hosts and newscasters. They include (1970s) Jay Sorensen, Jay Lurie, Brent McNally, Bob Sorrentino, Terry Barnes, Joe Stephens, Ron Stevens, Lance DeBock, Mike Brophy, AJ Brooks, Art Sarnovsky, Chuck Flamini, Kryn Westhoven, Chris VanZant and many,many others. 
On April 22, 2013, at 6 am, WJRZ-FM flipped back to their classic hits format carried from 2000–09 as WJRZ 100.1: Jersey's Greatest Hits. The new station launched with "Here Comes the Sun" by the Beatles followed by "The Boys are Back in Town" by Thin Lizzy. On July 7th, TJ Lubinsky made his triumphant return to WJRZ with his Sunday night all-request show, after a four year absence.
Technical.
WJRZ's primary coverage area extends from Atlantic City to the south, Medford to the west and Belmar to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="5963792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963792" title="Portage Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Portage Township, Wood County, Ohio

Portage Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,614 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the center of the county, it borders the following townships:
Two villages are located in Portage Township: part of Jerry City in the south, and part of Portage in the northwest.
Name and history.
Statewide, other Portage Townships are located in Hancock and Ottawa counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Portage Township House is located at the intersection of Huffman and Mermill roads.

</doc>
<doc id="5963813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963813" title="Lolium perenne">
Lolium perenne

Lolium perenne, common name perennial ryegrass or English ryegrass or winter ryegrass, is a grass from the family Poaceae. It is native to Europe, Asia and northern Africa, but is widely cultivated and naturalised around the world.
Description.
The plant is a low-growing, tufted, hairless grass, with a bunching (or tillering) growth habit. The leaves are dark green, smooth and glossy on the lower surface, with untoothed parallel sides and prominent parallel veins on the upper surface. The leaves are folded lengthwise in bud (unlike the rolled leaves of Italian ryegrass, "Lolium multiflorum") with a strong central keel, giving a flattened appearance. The ligule is very short and truncate, often difficult to see, and small white auricles grip the stem at the base of the leaf blade. Leaf sheaths at the base are usually tinged pink and hairless. Stems grow up to 90 cm. It has auricles.
The inflorescence is unbranched, with spikelets on alternating sides edgeways-on to the stem. Each spikelet has only a single glume, on the side away from the stem, and between 4 and 14 Florets without awns, unlike Italian ryegrass. The anthers are pale yellow, and the plant flowers from May to November. Perennial ryegrass has a fibrous root system, with thick main roots and thinner lateral branches. Roots are usually arbuscular mycorrhizal.
Cultivation and uses.
Perennial ryegrass is an important pasture and forage plant, and is used in many pasture seed mixes. In fertile soil it produces a high grass yield, and in Britain and Ireland is frequently sown for short-term ley grassland, often with red or white clover ("Trifolium").
In Britain, it is also used as an indicator of non-species rich grassland, as it out-competes the more rare plants and grasses, especially in fertile soils. Agri-environment scheme such as the Countryside Stewardship Scheme, Environmentally Sensitive Areas Scheme, and Environmental Stewardship give funding to species rich grasslands that does not have an abundance of ryegrass.
Selected seed mixes are used extensively for sports pitches, especially winter sports in temperate climates, because of its wear resistance and its ability to regenerate. 
It is commonly used in the southwest United States to overseed winter lawns. Bermudagrass is a typical summertime grass in states like Arizona, since it is able to withstand the high temperatures. However, Bermudagrass goes dormant during the cooler winter months. Rather than have brown lawns, many homeowners, public areas, and golf courses overseed these lawns with Perennial Ryegrass in early- to mid- September.
Turf-type perennial ryegrass can be grown as a permanent home lawn in the US and typically found as part of a mix with fine fescue and Kentucky bluegrass. However, its adaptation range is limited to areas with moderate winters and mild summers. Full sun to light shade, good yearly rainfall, and proper fertilization are the key to a successful perennial ryegrass lawn.
Perennial ryegrass forms a very dense, dark green, fine bladed turf with the proper maintenance, and it can be successfully grown as a permanent lawn in the Pacific Northwest and coastal areas in California. In the East, from North Carolina to Southern New England.
Yearly overseeding might be needed to replace damaged grass caused by excessive heat during the summer. Maximum daytime temperature should not regularly reach . Night time temperatures should hover around . Avoid planting in arid areas if irrigation is not available, or places where extreme temperatures are the norm.
Similar species.
Italian ryegrass, "Lolium multiflorum", differs in the fact that each scale in the spikelet has a long bristle at the top. Its stem is also round rather than folded.
Couch, "Elymus repens", has spikelets set on the broadside of the stem rather than edge on.

</doc>
<doc id="5963822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963822" title="Adriano Pereira da Silva">
Adriano Pereira da Silva

Adriano Pereira da Silva, known as Adriano (born 3 April 1982 in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian football defender. He most recently played for Monaco.
He was signed by Palermo from Grêmio in summer 2004, but just played one league match. 50% of Adriano's registration rights was sold to Atalanta in summer 2005 after a successful 6 months loan. Along with Igor Budan they costed Atalanta €1.5 million as part of Stephen Makinwa's deal. Adriano was valued €500,000 at that time. 
Atalanta bought all the rights on 1 June 2007, but sold him to AS Monaco FC on last day of the transfer window. On 12 July 2013, Monaco announced that Adriano had left the club after six years.

</doc>
<doc id="5963827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963827" title="Roberto Maldonado">
Roberto Maldonado

Roberto Maldonado is alderman for Chicago's 26th Ward.
Early life, education, and early career.
Maldonado earned both his undergraduate and his master’s degree from the University of Puerto Rico. In Chicago, Maldonado continued his education at Loyola University Chicago where he intended to earn a doctorate of philosophy in clinical psychology.
In 1986 Maldonado briefly was married to the sister of Luis Gutiérrez, United States Representative and former 26th ward alderman. Maldonado was an employee of Gutiérrez's 1986 aldermanic campaign and of Gutiérrez's 1987 re-election campaign. Maldonado worked as school psychologist. Maldonado worked as a research analyst to the Mayor’s Commission on Latino Affairs. In 1988 Maldonado was Director of Management Services for the Mayor's Office of Employment Training, the agency's top purchasing official, in charge of the office's $1 million annual purchasing budget. Maldonado doled out hundreds of thousands of dollars in business to companies owned by people in Gutierrez's Puerto Rican political circle, then solicited campaign contributions for Gutierrez from those and other Office of Employment and Training vendors. Maldonado resigned the City post days after the publication of an investigative report by the "Chicago Sun-Times".
Cook County Commissioner.
Maldonado’s election in 1994 as Cook County Commissioner made him the first Puerto Rican in the nation to serve as a county commissioner.
As a commissioner, Maldonado was Chairperson of the Stroger and Cermak Hospitals, and Law Enforcement and Corrections Committees. Additionally, he served on nine committees: Business and Economic Development, Contract Compliance, Labor, Real Estate, Department of Corrections, Health and Hospitals, Finance, Zoning and Buildings, and Roads and Bridges.
Chicago Alderman.
On July 28, 2009, Maldonado was appointed by Chicago Mayor Daley as the alderman for Chicago's 26th Ward.
Maldonado owns more real estate than any other alderman, with 16 properties (including ten in the 26th Ward), according to financial disclosure statements.
In 2013, Maldonado generated controversey through his efforts to convert Ames Middle School into a Marines academy. The school board ultimately approved the proposal despite significant local opposition.
Running for Congress.
Maldonado announced in 2007 his intention to run in 2008 for the congressional seat expected to be vacated by U.S. Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.). He raised $230,000 before Gutiérrez decided to run again. Maldonado bowed out of the race and said he'd keep the money for a 2010 congressional bid.

</doc>
<doc id="5963847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963847" title="Year Up">
Year Up

Year Up is a nonprofit organization based in Boston, Massachusetts. Year Up was founded in 2000 by Harvard Business School graduate Gerald Chertavian, and currently has sites in Atlanta, Boston, San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, New York, Providence, Puget Sound (Seattle), and Washington, D.C..
Mission.
Year Up's mission is to close the Opportunity Divide by providing urban young adults with the skills, experience, and support that will empower them to reach their potential through professional careers and higher education.
How it works.
Year Up's intensive one-year program provides high school graduates and GED recipients between the ages of 18-24 with a combination of hands-on skill development and corporate internship opportunities.
Year Up's high-expectation, high-support program combines marketable job skills, stipends, paid internships, and up to 18 earned college credits while being dually enrolled with a community college at some sites. It addresses students' social and emotional development and provides the appropriate support to place these young adults on a viable path to economic self-sufficiency. 
During the first six months of the program (21 weeks), students attend classes at Year Up, learning technical and professional skills that prepare them for success in a corporate environment. During the second six months (26 weeks), Year Up students gain experience in internships at leading companies around the country. 
After graduation, Year Up students continue to receive support and build their professional networks through Year Up's Alumni Association. 
Year Up currently serves more than 1,300 students per year nationwide.
Classes taught and skills learned.
Partial list of technical skills classes:
Partial list of Financial Operations skills classes;
Partial list of professional and business skills classes:
Support systems.
Year Up surrounds its students with resources to support them during and after the program, assisting them in their transitions to careers and higher education.
Achieving results.
The impact that Year Up has made on the students and communities it serves has been measured:
Recognition.
Year Up has been the recipient of awards:

</doc>
<doc id="5963857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963857" title="Lundy (disambiguation)">
Lundy (disambiguation)

Lundy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963858" title="List of waste-water treatment technologies">
List of waste-water treatment technologies

The following page consist of a '"list of wastewater treatment 
technologies"':

</doc>
<doc id="5963861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963861" title="Victoria Cup (harness race)">
Victoria Cup (harness race)

The Victoria Cup is the premier middle distance harness race of Australia. Conducted over 2575m, rather than the staying distance of over 3000m or the sprint distance of under 2000m, the Victoria Cup was run at the Melbourne Showgrounds up until 1975, when it was shifted to Moonee Valley. In 2009 the SEW Eurodrive Victoria Cup will be run at Harness Racing Victoria's new venue, Tabcorp Park at Melton. The race has been part of the Australasian Grand Circuit since 1987. Conducted in February from 1987 to 2003, the race is now conducted over two nights in December, alongside the Australasian Trotting Grand Prix.
The race record of 1.56.7 was set by Chokin NZ in 1994 when the race was run over 2380m. Since the race shifted to 2570m or 2575m since a track upgrade, Double Identity in December 2003 held the record of a mile rate of 1.57.2 over the 2575m trip until Melpark Major's track record breaking performance of 1:55.8 in last year's event.

</doc>
<doc id="5963863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963863" title="Eugen Baciu">
Eugen Baciu

Eugen Cătălin Baciu (born 25 May 1980 in Vaslui) is a Romanian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="5963873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963873" title="Trofeo Ciudad de Vigo">
Trofeo Ciudad de Vigo

The Trofeo Ciudad de Vigo () is an annual pre-season football tournament held at Celta Vigo's Balaídos stadium in Vigo, Spain. It is hosted by the Vigo city council.
Total.
22 Trofeos 
2 Trofeos 
2 Trofeos
1 Trofeo 

</doc>
<doc id="5963877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963877" title="Harbhajan Rai">
Harbhajan Rai

Harbhajan Rai (born December 27, 1961), is a former field hockey player from Canada. He was born in Jalandhar Cantonment, Punjab, India.
Rai competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There he finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5963894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963894" title="Merrill Lynch Domestic Master">
Merrill Lynch Domestic Master

The Merrill Lynch Domestic Master is a common American Bond index, analogous to the S&P 500 for stocks, owned by Merrill Lynch. The Domestic Master is similar to the Salomon BIG or the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index (The Agg). The Domestic Master Index was created on December 31, 1975. The index is re-balanced on the last calendar day of the month. 
The Domestic Master Index (Ticker D0A0) is part of the larger Merrill Lynch US Broad Market (US00). The Domestic Master follows the US dollar denominated investment grade Public Corporate and Government debt. Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities, global bonds (debt issued simultaneously in the eurobond and US domestic bond markets) and some Yankee Bonds (debt of foreign issuers issued in the US domestic market) are included in the Domestic Master Index.
However, the Domestic Master index excludes asset-backed securities (ABS), tax-exempt municipal debt, 144As and any bond without a fixed coupon schedule, less than a $1 billion outstanding for US Treasuries and $150 million for all other securities, and less than one year remaining term to maturity.

</doc>
<doc id="5963895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963895" title="Richard Norton (actor)">
Richard Norton (actor)

Richard Norton (born 6 January 1950, in Australia) is an Australian martial artist, action film star, and stuntman. Norton worked as a bodyguard in the entertainment business before pursuing an acting career. He has attained an eighth-dan in Zen Do Kai, Australia.
His first screen appearance was in the 1980 Chuck Norris film "The Octagon", and to date he has worked on over 70 feature films and television programs.
Career.
Norton worked as a personal bodyguard for the likes of The Rolling Stones, Linda Ronstadt, James Taylor, David Bowie, ABBA, John Belushi, Fleetwood Mac and Stevie Nicks.
Film.
Norton is known for his appearances in Hong Kong action films.
Norton's Hong Kong credits include "The Magic Crystal", "Twinkle Twinkle Lucky Stars", "City Hunter", (a live action remake of the comic book), "Millionaire's Express", and "Mr. Nice Guy". A signature catchphrase of Norton's characters is ""Painful?"", usually asked after striking a decisive blow. The most comical example is in "Twinkle, Twinkle Lucky Stars", where he faces Sammo Hung and in the movie "Millionaire's Express" against Yasuaki Kurata.
Over his career, Norton has faced off with many top martial arts action stars, including Jackie Chan (in three films), Sammo Hung, Yasuaki Kurata, Benny "the Jet" Urquidez (in "Kick Fighter"), Don "The Dragon" Wilson (in "CyberTracker"), and Cynthia Rothrock (in "Lady Dragon" and others).
Norton served as fight coordinator on the 2007 film "The Condemned" (starring "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and Vinnie Jones), doubling for Jones. His latest starring role is in the soon to be released contemporary drama, 'Under the Red Moon'.
In August 2010, Richard Norton appeared at Berlin Movie Con, a convention of martial arts where he was joined by 10 other stars of Martial arts cinema in a two-day show. It was staged in the Universal hall in Berlin Germany. Among his fellow stars were the likes of Cynthia Rothrock, Don 'The Dragon' Wilson and Conan Lee.
Martial arts experience.
Richard Norton has trained in many aspects of the martial arts in his 45 years of training, including Judo, Karate, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Aikido, Thai boxing and several Japanese weapons systems. He used this experience to co-create the hybrid martial art Zen Do Kai with fellow security guard Bob Jones. He has a 5th-degree Shihan rank Black Belt in Goju Ryu, 5th-degree Masters rank in Chun Kuk Do (Chuck Norris system), 4th-degree Black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and an 8th-degree Black Belt in Zen Do Kai Karate. He has trained extensively with such Martial Arts legends as Tino Ceberano, Tadashi Yamashita, Fumio Demura, Bill 'Superfoot' Wallace, Pete "Sugar Foot" Cunningham, the Machado brothers and Chuck Norris.
Norton is in constant demand for seminars all over the world, covering such topics as street defense, martial arts weapons drills, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and mixed martial arts. His 15 years experience as a Personal Body Guard for some of Rock and Roll's greats finds Richard in particular demand for teaching the realities of real life street defense, focusing on aspects such as adrenal dump, stress control and pre-emptive strikes.
In Sept 2007, Norton released a two-disc DVD set on Black Belt Digital Video called 'Black Belt training Complexes'. The DVDs show Norton executing some very fast and accurate examples of his skill, and some additional seminar footage is also included. The 3 plus hours of training drills and information focus on the development of explosive speed, power and continuity of movement, with in depth explanation of the various principles one needs to understand to develop incredible speed, regardless of their particular style or discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="5963917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963917" title="Morten Bakke">
Morten Bakke

Morten Bakke (born 16 December 1968 in Hedalen, Oppland) is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper.
Club career.
During his career, Bakke played for several clubs, most notably Molde and Vålerenga.
International career.
He made his debut for Norway in a February 2000 friendly match against Sweden and was Norway's third-choice goalkeeper at Euro 2000. Bakke earned his second and last cap in a January 2001 friendly match against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="5963936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963936" title="Gary Imlach">
Gary Imlach

Gary Imlach (born 1960, West Bridgford) is a British author, journalist and broadcaster, specialising in sport. Imlach is particularly associated with non-mainstream sports, working for many years as the face of Channel 4's coverage of American Football and the Tour de France, having transferred to ITV when the station bought the television rights to the cycle race. He has also hosted the late night sports chat show "Live and Dangerous", and currently presents ITV's coverage of the Tour de France as well as their Super Bowl coverage. He also does links between programmes on the British version of ESPN Classic. In September 2010, Imlach resumed presenting duties on Channel 4's coverage of American Football, but was replaced by Danny Kelly ahead of the 2011 season.
Imlach's biography of his father Stewart Imlach, "My Father and Other Working Class Football Heroes", won the William Hill Sports Book of the Year (2005), and the Best New Writer of the British Sports Book Awards (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="5963946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963946" title="Rob Smith (field hockey)">
Rob Smith (field hockey)

Rob Smith (born 10 November 1961 in Melbourne, Australia) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There the resident of North Vancouver, British Columbia finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5963951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963951" title="Shawn Heins">
Shawn Heins

Shawn Joseph Heins (born December 24, 1973 in Eganville, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey player currently an Unrestricted Free Agent. He most recently played for Nationalliga A side HC Fribourg-Gottéron in Switzerland. He has played for the San Jose Sharks, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Atlanta Thrashers. 
Playing career.
Shawn Heins' style of play is that of an offensive defenceman and powerplay specialist. His slapshot though not well known has been measured at speeds well over 100 miles per hour. Heins held the record for the hardest recorded shot of all time with the puck going 106 miles per hour, until December 3, 2006. The record was taken by Chad Kilger of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
At several occasions, Heins has been a member of Team Canada at the Spengler Cup. In the final stages of the 2012–13 season with Fribourg, Heins suffered a concussion and was unable to re-sign with the club, still suffering post-concussion symptoms months later.

</doc>
<doc id="5963954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963954" title="Petre Marin">
Petre Marin

Petre Marin (nickname: "Jair"), (born 8 September 1973 in Bucharest) is a retired Romanian footballer.
Club career.
Marin made his professional debut in 1993, when he was signed by Sportul Studenţesc of Bucharest. In 1995 he joined FC Naţional Bucureşti, where he remained until 2004. During the 2000-01 season, while under contract with Naţional Bucureşti, he was loaned to Rapid Bucureşti. In 2004, he was transferred to Steaua Bucureşti and quickly earned himself a place in the first eleven. His six-year spell with Steaua include two Liga 1 titles, and a UEFA Cup semi-final in 2006. On 17 October 2008, Petre played his 400th match in Liga I. 
On 8 June 2010, he signed a two-year deal with Unirea Urziceni making only four appearances because of the financial problems suffered by the club. As of August 2010, he made a total of 453 appearances in Liga I while playing for Urziceni. In February 2011, the 37 year-old defender signed for newly promoted team Concordia Chiajna. On 4 January 2012, he announced his retirement from professional football.
International career.
Petre Marin won 9 caps for Romania and three caps for Romania under 21 team.
He made his senior national team debut on 27 May 2004 in a friendly match against Republic of Ireland.
Trivia.
His son, Răzvan Marin, plays for young team of Pro Luceafărul.

</doc>
<doc id="5963960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963960" title="Norman Brown (guitarist)">
Norman Brown (guitarist)

Norman Brown (born December 18, 1970, in Kansas City, Missouri) is a smooth jazz guitarist and singer, often compared to his contemporary George Benson.
Overview.
In 1992 Norman Brown released his debut album "Just Between Us" from Motown Records' Jazz label, Mo Jazz. Collaborators included the chorus group Boyz II Men, the singer Stevie Wonder and also noted engineer and writer Kenneth H. Williams. A portion of the album was produced by Norman Connors, a jazz drummer and producer who discovered Brown.
In 1994 Brown released the album "After the Storm", which gained critical success. He followed this album with the 1996 release "Better Days Ahead", which earned him a broader audience.
Brown transferred to Warner Bros. Records. In 2000, he released "Celebration", which was produced by Paul Brown.
In 2002, he formed BWB with saxophonist Kirk Whalum and trumpeter Rick Braun, and they released "Groovin"'.
In 2003, his producer Paul Brown and he won Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album for 2002's "Just Chillin"'. This album was followed by the 2004 release "West Coast Coolin′".
During the summer of 2007, Brown had a No. 1 smooth jazz radio hit, "Let's Take A Ride," taken from the album "Stay With Me", according to "Radio and Records" magazine.
In 2008, the Verve Music Group re-released "Just Between Us" as part of its "Verve Originals" series.
His music can be heard during The Weather Channel's "Local on the 8s" segments. His song "Lydian" is included in their 2008 compilation release, "".
He is currently an artist on Russ Freeman's label Peak Records.
In June 2010, Brown released a recent album, "Sending My Love".
In 2012, Norman Brown released a new album collaborate with Gerald Albright, "24/7".
Personal life.
Norman Brown is a father of 6 and has four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="5963964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963964" title="Croyland Abbey, Wellingborough">
Croyland Abbey, Wellingborough

Croyland Abbey is a manor house (currently used as offices), in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire.
History.
The building was never an abbey. It is named after Croyland Abbey in Lincolnshire, for which it was a monastic grange from the 10th century. Although there was never an Abbey here, There were monks here that lived and worshiped at the Manor house, attached to the grounds is a beautiful Tithe Barn. An Ironstone Tithe Barn, dating back to the 15th Century, surviving a fire in 1972. It is the only remaining building that was attached to the medieval grange that occupied the adjacent site. Tithes and rent were paid (usually in kind) at the barn by local peasant people. 
The present structure is Jacobean and was constructed in the 17th-century. It has been, however, it has been heavily altered and rebuilt; with large parts of the 17th-century house demolished in the early 19th-century. 
However, visible traces of the medieval grange still exist, in the form of a 12th-century doorway.
The Abbey adjoins Croyland Hall, originally a farmhouse, which used to be home to Wellingborough Heritage Centre, until 2006 when, renamed Wellingborough Museum, it relocated to the building that used to be "Dulleys swimming baths" in Castle Way, with the help of the Heritage Lottery Fund. 
Both Croyland Hall and Croyland Abbey are now occupied as offices by Wellingborough Borough Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5963965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963965" title="Lycus (descendant of Lycus)">
Lycus (descendant of Lycus)

A son of Lycus (brother of Nycteus), Lycus appears in Euripides's "Heracles". Originally from Euboea, he seized power in Ancient Thebes (Boeotia) by killing Creon, who at the time was regent for the son of Eteocles, Laodamas. Lycus mistreated Creon's family, throwing them out of their house and depriving them food and clothing. However, Creon was the father-in-law of the hero Heracles, who returned unexpectedly to Thebes and slew Lycus. Laodamas succeeded him as king.

</doc>
<doc id="5963971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963971" title="Julien Leclercq (poet)">
Julien Leclercq (poet)

Julien Leclercq (1865 - October 31, 1901) was a French poet and art critic, devoted to Symbolism. Like his close friend Albert Aurier, he contributed regularly to the Mercure de France, for example in September 1890 an obituary of Vincent van Gogh. In the 1890s, while engaged to the Finnish pianist Fanny Flodin (1868–1954), Leclercq helped to organize exhibitions of contemporary art, the most important touring in 1898 in Scandinavia. Then, in March 1901, he succeeded in bringing together the first important Van Gogh-exhibition exclusively based on loans from French collectors or art dealers, in Paris. It was at this retrospective exhibition — hosted by the Bernheim-Jeune Galleries — that Paul Cassirer was introduced to the work of Van Gogh.
While preparing a similar Van Gogh-exhibition, now with the support of Johanna van Gogh-Bonger, Leclercq unexpectedly died, October 31, 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="5963972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963972" title="Victoria Derby (harness)">
Victoria Derby (harness)

The Victoria Derby is Australia's oldest classic harness race, dating back to 1914 when it was contested on the old Richmond circuit.
Winners.
The 1973 running was won by Paleface Adios, in 2007 Lombo Pocket Watch and in 2009 Captain Joy was victorious.

</doc>
<doc id="5963977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963977" title="KNM ER 1805">
KNM ER 1805

KNM ER 1805 is the catalog number given to several pieces of a fossilized skull of the species "Homo habilis". It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya in 1974.
It is estimated to be 1.74 million years old.
Due to its incompleteness it has been the subject of debate as to its classification. It was originally classified as "Homo erectus" but due to the projection of the face and the shape of the cranium, it is now generally classified as "H. habilis".
The brain capacity is about 582 cm³.

</doc>
<doc id="5963979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963979" title="Casper Asbjornson">
Casper Asbjornson

Robert Anthony (Casper) Asbjornson (June 19, 1909 – January 21, 1970) was a catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (-) and Cincinnati Reds (-). Asbjornson batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Concord, Massachusetts.
Asbjornson was 19 years old when he debuted with the Boston Red Sox in 1928, being one of seven catchers used by the Red Sox in an unsuccessful attempt to replace retired Grover Hartley. Later, he saw more action with the Cincinnati Reds as a backup for Clyde Sukeforth and Ernie Lombardi in part of two seasons. His best year was , when he posted career-highs in batting average (.305), runs batted in (22) and games played (45).
In a four-season career, Asbjornson was a .235 hitter with one home run and 27 RBI in 97 games.
Asbjornson died in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="5963981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963981" title="François Roettiers">
François Roettiers

François Roettiers (or Roëttiers, Roettier, Rottier, Rottiers) (1685-1742) was a Flemish Baroque painter, sculptor, medallist and engraver from the early 18th century, who worked mainly in Austria.
He was born in London on 3 November 1685 in a family of medallists, engravers and goldsmiths. His grandfather Philip Roetters (Antwerp 1596 - Antwerp 1669) had three sons :
Each one of them and their sons continued the family tradition. Some worked in Paris, others at the Royal Mint in London or at the Antwerp Mint.
He became painter at the court of Maximilian II of Bavaria. He followed the prince to Munich and from there to Vienna. While staying in Munich he was influenced by Cosmas Damian Asam. He later became director of the Academy of Vienna ("Akademie der Maler,Bildhauer und Baukunstler") in 1718. He died in Vienna on 10 June 1742.
Several of his works can be seen in different musea, churches and palaces :
He is not to be confused with his namesake and member of the family François Roëttiers the Younger (1702-1770)

</doc>
<doc id="5963982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963982" title="Ernesto Sánchez La Cruz">
Ernesto Sánchez La Cruz


</doc>
<doc id="5963987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963987" title="Gu Cheng">
Gu Cheng

Gu Cheng (; September 24, 1956 – October 8, 1993) was a famous Chinese modern poet, essayist and novelist. He was a prominent member of the "Misty Poets", a group of Chinese modernist poets.
Biography.
Gu Cheng was the son of a prominent party member. His father was the army poet Gu Gong. At the age of twelve, his family was sent to rural Shandong because of the Cultural Revolution (as means of re-education) where they bred pigs. There, he claimed to have learned poetry directly from nature.
In the late 1970s, Cheng became associated with the journal "Today" ("Jintian") which began a movement in poetry known as "menglong" meaning "hazy", "obscure". He became an international celebrity and travelled around the world accompanied by his wife, Xie Ye. The two settled in Rocky Bay, a small village on Waiheke Island, Auckland, New Zealand in 1987. Cheng taught Chinese at the University of Auckland in the City of Auckland.
In October 1993, Gu Cheng attacked his wife with an axe before hanging himself. She died later on the way to a hospital. The story of his death was widely covered in the Chinese media.
"A Generation".
The two-line poem titled "A Generation" ("一代人") was perhaps Gu Cheng's most famous contribution to contemporary Chinese literature. It had been considered an accurate representation of the younger generation during the Chinese Cultural Revolution seeking knowledge and future.
<poem>
Even with these dark eyes, a gift of the dark night 
I go to seek the shining light.
我却用它寻找光明
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5963998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963998" title="Koi Kana">
Koi Kana

A Finnish-language cover version of the song, "Se tunne" (English: "That feeling"), by Finnish singer Laura Vanamo was released on March 25, 2009, by Poko Rekords.

</doc>
<doc id="5964006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964006" title="Australian Pacing Championship">
Australian Pacing Championship

The Australian Pacing Championship is a harness racing event showcasing some of Australia's and New Zealand’s best pacers. It is currently held annually at Gloucester Park in Perth.
References.
[http://www.harness.org.au/hra/feature/rc_agcp.pdf] Harness Racing Australia Racing Chronicles

</doc>
<doc id="5964011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964011" title="Frank E. Holman">
Frank E. Holman

Frank Ezekiel Holman (1886-1967) was an American attorney who after his election as president of the American Bar Association in 1948 led an effort to amend the United States Constitution to limit the power of treaties and executive agreements. Holman's work led to the Bricker Amendment.
Holman was born in Sandy, Utah. He graduated from the University of Utah in 1908 and won a Rhodes Scholarship to study law at the University of Oxford. Admitted to the Washington bar in 1911 and the Utah bar in 1912, he was dean of the University of Utah Law School from 1913 to 1915, when he began a law practice in Salt Lake City. 
In 1924, he moved to Seattle, Washington, to practice law until his retirement in 1961. Holman argued cases in state and federal courts, including the United States Supreme Court.[http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=289&invol=361][http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/cgi-bin/getcase.pl?friend=nytimes&court=us&vol=291&invol=619][http://supreme.justia.com/us/351/321/case.html]
Holman was active in legal organizations. He was president of the Seattle Bar Association in 1941 and the Washington State Bar Association in 1945. He was elected president of the American Bar Association in 1948 and traveled extensively to warn Americans of the dangers of "treaty law".
In 1953, the Seattle-King County Association of Realtors awarded him their "First Citizen" award.[http://www.nwrealtor.com/displaycommon.cfm?an=1&subarticlenbr=117]
His papers are at the University of Washington Library in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="5964012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964012" title="New South Wales Derby">
New South Wales Derby

The New South Wales Derby is a classic harness racing competition for three-year-old horses held annually at Harold Park in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="5964015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964015" title="David Bustamante">
David Bustamante

David Bustamante Hoyos (born 25 March 1982 in San Vicente de la Barquera, Cantabria) is a Spanish pop singer and songwriter.
He gained his initial fame in 2001 as a third place winner on Operación Triunfo, the interactive musical reality television show that went on to achieve the highest audience ratings in the history of Spanish TV.
Bustamante has sold more than 2 million records -albums and singles combined- in Spain and Latin America, getting 14 Platinum in albums, 6 Platinum in singles, 2 Gold in mobile ringtones and 1 Gold album in Venezuela. By 2012, each of his seven albums had reached number one in Spain.
Biography.
David Bustamante is among the promising Latin pop singers who emerged in Spain in the early 2000s.
Bustamante's breakthrough was in the TV hit "Operación Triunfo" in 2001. This show broke ratings records as well as dominated the top position of the CD sales charts during its 5-month run. The singer was in his late teens when he became the third finalist of this successful contest. Bustamante went on to sign with Vale Music Spain and Universal Music Latino.
His debut album, "Bustamante", was released in Spain in may 2002 and in Latin America and the United States in 2003. The album became a big seller, thanks in part to the singles "Además de ti", "El aire que me das" or "Dos hombres y un destino". Another highlight of that album was "Perdóname", a duet with Puerto Rican pop star Luis Fonsi. He followed the promotion with a successful summer tour with over 70 concerts throughout Spain.
In 2004, Bustamante followed up his first album with his sophomore outing, "Así soy yo" (That's the way I am), which was – for the most part – produced by the well-known Emilio Estefan in Miami. It was also in 2004 that Bustamante recorded the intoxicating theme song of "Gitanas", a superb, highly thought-provoking telenovela (Latin soap opera) that was filmed in Mexico and ran on the Telemundo network (NBC's contribution to Spanish-language programming) in the United States.
Bustamante continued with "Caricias al alma" in 2005. The album was another success in Spain and other countries of Latin America like Venezuela, where it was certificated Gold. "Caricias al alma" was recorded in Italy and Spain and included the summer hit "Devuélveme la vida". Furthermore, he visited Latin America to promote his music.
Bustamante's success continued with "Pentimento" (2006), "Al Filo de la Irrealidad" (2008) and "A Contracorriente" (2010) all reaching the top of the Spanish Album chart and going Platinum. With all this albums, Bustamante has promoted his music throughout Spain, Latin America and some European countries. The singer had success with some singles like "Cobarde", "Por ella" or "A contracorriente". During this time, he made several spring, summer and winter tours.
2011's "Mio", produced by Christian Leuzzi (Celine Dion's producer) and Mauri Stern reached Platinum status and helped the singer's total sales figures approach the two million mark. "Mio" includes a duet with the copla, flamenco, pop star Pastora Soler. In 2012 and 2013 he toured Spain and served as a coach on the first and second season of the Spanish talent show El Número Uno. In other ventures, he released three fragances with Puig.
In 2014 Bustamante will release his upcoming studio album.
Music style.
He is not part of Spain's nuevo flamenco scene. The vocalist, does, however, incorporate elements of Spanish flamenco and Spanish gypsy music at times – and he has his share of Latin American influences as well, including Afro-Cuban salsa and Colombian cumbia.
But Bustamante is not a flamenco, salsa, or cumbia artist in the strict sense – his music is Latin pop first and foremost. Romantic pop ballads are one of his strong points. Some of Bustamante's admirers have described him as a Spanish equivalent of Ricky Martin or salsa romantica star Marc Anthony — both of whom are, to a degree, valid comparisons, although Bustamante has a recognizable style of his own and sings with a distinctively Spanish accent. Because of the way he pronounces certain words, anyone who speaks Spanish will be able to tell that Bustamante is from Spain instead of Latin America. He has been compared in style with other artists like Enrique Iglesias, Luis Fonsi or Cristian Castro.
Bustamante only uses his last name as a recording artist.
Personal life.
He is married with the Spanish actress, model and it-girl blogger Paula Echevarría since 2006. In 2008 David Bustamante became a father. His daughter's name is Daniella.

</doc>
<doc id="5964040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964040" title="Larry Suffredin">
Larry Suffredin

Lawrence J. "Larry" Suffredin (born October 5, 1947) is currently a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners representing the 13th district which includes the West Ridge and Rogers Park areas of the City of Chicago as well as Glencoe, Niles, Lincolnwood, Evanston, Skokies, Glenview, Wilmette, Kenilworth, Northfield and Winnetka in the north suburbs. 
Early life and education.
Suffredin was born October 5, 1947 in Evergreen Park, Illinois, and grew up in Westchester, Illinois. He was the first of eight children born to Lawrence J. Suffredin Sr., a World War II combat veteran, and Patricia Mulrainey Suffredin. His father worked as a Chicago policeman and then became the "Printer to South Water Market" as the owner of Chicago Produce Publishing Company which reported on the local fruit and vegetable market. 
After studies at Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary, he received his bachelor’s degree from Loyola University Chicago in 1969 and his law degree from Georgetown University in 1972.
Public service.
Suffredin worked at the United States Department of Justice in Washington, DC 1969-1970 while in law school. He was an officer in the United States Air Force 1972-1973. He served as an Assistant Public Defender in Cook County from May 15, 1973 to June 30, 1975. He tried 32 juries to verdict as an Assistant Public Defender. He served Missouri Governor Mel Carnahan as special counsel for gaming issues and was the first executive for the new Missouri Gaming Board from 1992-1994. He served as special counsel for the City of Detroit on gaming issues. Suffredin is currently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Harbor Quest, Inc., a nonprofit staffing and placement services agency, and serves on the board of the Illinois Council Against Handgun Violence.
Professional career.
Suffredin is an attorney; he has argued before the Illinois and United States Supreme Court as well as the United States Court of Appeals and the Illinois Appellate Court. He has tried 136 juries to verdicts.
Suffredin is in private law practice from 1975 to present, while serving as a Cook County Commissioner. Suffredin is a partner in the law firm of Shefsky & Froelich (bio) with practices in the areas of lobbying, gaming, government regulation, and securities law. Suffredin served as lead counsel in filing successful gaming applications with the Illinois Gaming Board for riverboat gaming operations. Suffredin has represented the following public enties: Cook County Forest Preserve, Chicago Transit Authority, and the Cities of Chicago, Elgin and Evanston.
Suffredin is a registered lobbyist with Cook County, the City of Chicago, and the State of Illinois. Suffredin's lobbyist clients include or have included resort and casino company MGM Mirage, owners of the Grand Victoria Casino in Elgin, Illinois, and Penn National Gaming, owners of the Hollywood Casino, Aurora, Illinois, the Illinois Alliance of Competitive Telephone Companies, the Donors Forum of Chicago, the Illinois Arts Alliance, and Illinois Citizens for Handgun Control, the Chicago Bar Association, and Kankakee Regional Landfill LLC. He is also a registered lobbyist for Abbott Laboratories, Nursepower Services Corporation, and Quest Diagnostics.
Cook County Commissioner.
Suffredin serves part-time as a Commissioner on the Cook County Board. Suffredin is Chairperson of the Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations and Veterans Committee A committee of the whole, which recommends county positions on state and federal legislation, tracking state and federal funds earmarked for the county; reviews appointments to county boards and commissions, and reviews programs to benefit military veterans. He also serves on the Litigation, Tax and Revenue, Rules and Administration, and the Botanic Garden Committees.
On February 29, 2008 Suffredin voted for, and on July 22, 2008 voted to uphold, a historic Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest sales tax rate in the nation. The "Chicago Tribune" editorialized that Suffredin "caved to pressure from public employee unions...and he provided the winning vote for this bureaucracy-friendly tax hike" and encouraged constituents to contact Suffredin to "acknowledge the error" by co-sponsoring its repeal.
Personal life.
Suffredin and his wife, Gloria Callaci, live in Evanston, Illinois, and have two adult children, Tom and Elizabeth.
2008 Cook County State's Attorney Campaign.
Suffredin lost to Anita Alvarez for party nomination in the February 2008 Democratic primary for Cook County State's Attorney.

</doc>
<doc id="5964045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964045" title="Inquiry (magazine)">
Inquiry (magazine)

Inquiry was a libertarian magazine published from November 1977 to 1984. It was originally published by the Cato Institute, then later transferred to the Libertarian Review Foundation.
History.
"Inquiry" was originally founded as part of the Cato Institute, in an effort by libertarian political donors Charles Koch and Ed Crane to build public policy institutions for the libertarian movement. Williamson Evers was its first editor. After Evers was ousted as editor in a dispute with Crane, Glenn Garvin took over in 1980. Doug Bandow served as editor from 1982 until the magazine's closure in 1984. At different points in its history, its editorial staffers included Jonathan Marshall, Mark Paul, Ralph Raico, and Jack Shafer. Its poetry editor was Dana Gioia.
In the early 1980s, Koch and Crane grew dissatisfied with the publishing efforts they supported, which included "Inquiry" and the "Libertarian Review". They decided stop publishing the "Libertarian Review" and move "Inquiry" from the Cato Institute to the control of the separately-managed Libertarian Review Foundation at the beginning 1982. With the May 1982 issue, "Inquiry" was retitled "Inquiry: A Libertarian Review". The magazine's circulation had always been low and had declined below 10,000. Citing financial concerns, Koch and Crane closed the magazine in 1984. 
The magazine originally was published biweekly from 1977 to 1978, then switched to semi-monthly, with about 20 issues per year in its first four and a half years of publication. In 1982 it switched to monthly publication, then went to 10 issues a year in 1984. The final issue was published in July 1984.
During its run, it made available bound collections of issues from its first four volumes (77-78, 78-79, 79-80, 80-81).
Audience and viewpoints.
Established along with Cato, "Inquiry" was initially a journal of investigative reporting and libertarian-oriented opinion. The magazine was aimed at libertarians and at liberals and leftists critical of state power. It featured regular columns by Nat Hentoff on civil liberties and Thomas Szasz on psychiatry, foreign reporting by Penny Lernoux, and CIA exposes by such writers as David Wise and Fred Landis. It included extensive cultural coverage as well, including reviews by Anthony Burgess and film criticism by Stephen Harvey.

</doc>
<doc id="5964047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964047" title="Phonetic Extensions Supplement">
Phonetic Extensions Supplement

Phonetic Extensions Supplement is a Unicode block containing characters for specialized and deprecated forms of the International Phonetic Alphabet.

</doc>
<doc id="5964050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964050" title="Combining Diacritical Marks for Symbols">
Combining Diacritical Marks for Symbols

Combining Diacritical Marks for Symbols is a Unicode block containing arrows, dots, enclosures, and overlays for modifying symbol characters.

</doc>
<doc id="5964051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964051" title="Block Elements">
Block Elements

Block Elements is a Unicode block containing square block symbols of various fill and shading.

</doc>
<doc id="5964057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964057" title="Control Pictures">
Control Pictures

Control Pictures is a Unicode block containing graphic characters for representing the C0 control codes, and other control characters.

</doc>
<doc id="5964060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964060" title="Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-A">
Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-A

Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-A is a Unicode block containing characters for mathematical, logical, and database notation.

</doc>
<doc id="5964061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964061" title="Ross Rutledge">
Ross Rutledge

Michael Ross ("Roscoe") Rutledge (July 7, 1962 – April 23, 2004) is a former field hockey player.
Rutledge participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for Canada, starting in 1984. After having finished in tenth position in Los Angeles, California, the longtime resident of Langley, British Columbia ended up in eleventh place with the Men's National Team in the Seoul Games.
He died from cancer. In Ambleside, West Vancouver, there is a field hockey turf called Rutledge Field, the home ground of the West Vancouver Field Hockey Club. The field was dedicated in memorial of Ross Rutledge in 2011 who was a local advocate for field hockey, having started the West Vancouver Field Hockey Club Adanacs player development program. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964063" title="Supplemental Arrows-A">
Supplemental Arrows-A

Supplemental Arrows-A is a Unicode block containing various arrow symbols.

</doc>
<doc id="5964065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964065" title="Supplemental Arrows-B">
Supplemental Arrows-B

Supplemental Arrows-B is a Unicode block containing miscellaneous arrows, arrow tails, crossing arrows used in knot descriptions, curved arrows, and harpoons.

</doc>
<doc id="5964067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964067" title="Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-B">
Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-B

Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-B is a Unicode block containing miscellaneous mathematical symbols, including brackets, angles, and circle symbols.

</doc>
<doc id="5964069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964069" title="Supplemental Mathematical Operators">
Supplemental Mathematical Operators

Supplemental Mathematical Operators is a Unicode block containing various mathematical symbols, including N-ary operators, summations and integrals, intersections and unions, logical and relational operators, and subset/superset relations.

</doc>
<doc id="5964071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964071" title="Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows">
Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows

Miscellaneous Symbols and Arrows is a Unicode block containing arrows and geometric shapes with various fills.

</doc>
<doc id="5964072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964072" title="Australian Derby (harness)">
Australian Derby (harness)

The Australian Derby is a harness racing event held for 3 year old pacers which has been shared between many of Australia's premier tracks and is currently held annunally at Launceston in Tasmania. The 2007 version was won by Lombo Pocket Watch.
The Australian Derby differs from other Derbies as it is not organised by a state controlling body but the national body.
It is in a similar vein to the Australian Pacing Championship, in that it is not a state specific event.

</doc>
<doc id="5964073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964073" title="Supplemental Punctuation">
Supplemental Punctuation

Supplemental Punctuation is a Unicode block containing historic and specialized punctuation characters, including biblical editorial symbols, ancient Greek punctuation, and German dictionary marks.

</doc>
<doc id="5964074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964074" title="Sorin Ghionea">
Sorin Ghionea

Sorin Ghionea (born 11 May 1979 in Galaţi), is a Romanian footballer who last played for Viitorul Constanța.
Club career.
Oțelul Galați.
At the age of 12, Ghionea was sent to Oţelul Galaţi football club by his teacher, Tică Ploieșteanu. The second day he was hand-picked by the coach and played there for 2 years. After that he studied hard at school and left football until the 10th grade when he went back to the youth team of Oțelul Galați. At first he played as a full left back, but then he moved into the center of defense.
Dunărea Galați.
Ghionea made his debut as a player for Dunărea Galaţi during the 1997–98 season and helped his team avoid relegation in Liga III. Just one year later, he joined Oțelul Galați. He debuted in Divizia A on 7 August 1998 in the win against FC Național.
He played for Oțelul between 1998–2003 62 matches and scoring two goals. He also was loaned by Steaua to Oțelul Galați in the 2004–05 season in Liga I.
Steaua București.
In 2002, Ghionea moved to Steaua Bucureşti for free transfer, but he did not convince Victor Piturca, Steaua's manager at that time, playing only in 6 matches and then being loaned back to Oțelul Galați. He played as a captain for Oțelul on his loaned season in most of the matches and he had excellent performances.
In 2004, the ex-president of Oțelul Galați, now manager of Steaua București, Mihai Stoica, took him back to the team from Bucharest.
When he returned to Steaua, Victor Piţurcă left to coach the Romanian national football team and Walter Zenga became Steaua's new manager.
In September 2004, Ghionea went through an operation on his nose after the match against FK Voždovac. To protect his nose, he played wearing a mask and he was nickanamed "Zorro". He became close to Dorin Goian a basic player for Steaua București especially after he took Mirel Rădoi's place in the central defense after he was injured for a couple of time. When Rădoi returned to the first team he was put to play in the midfield and Ghionea kept his place.
With Steaua Bucureşti he played 53 games in two seasons and succeeded to win two consecutive champion titles in 2005 and 2006.
In the European Cups he debuted with Steaua in UEFA Cup in the season 2004–05 which was very good for them because they succeeded to qualify in the European Spring after more than 10 years.
Steaua passed from a group with Standard Liege, Sampdoria, Besiktas Istanbul and Athletic Bilbao and also eliminated after this the ex-winner of UEFA Cup, Valencia.
The next season in UEFA Cup was even better because Steaua played in the semi-finals after defeated teams like Lens, Heerenveen, Real Betis and in the quarter-finals Rapid Bucureşti, one of their traditional Romanian rivals. In the semi-final was eliminated by Middlesbrough after two fantastic games.
He scored his first goal for Steaua against Dinamo Kiev, in the UEFA Champions League group stage. After a corner kick served by Vasilică Cristocea, Ghionea placed a header on the right post and in the back of the net.
On 25 February 2007, Ghionea suffered an injury in Steaua – UTA Arad, match ended with a draw. His situation got worse and was forced to have surgery on his left knee in April 2007. After 4 months from the injury, Ghionea started his training on the pitch, closely supervised by medic Radu Paligora. Even though it was said that Ghionea will not miss the start of Liga I 2007-08 season on 28 July, his knee was not fully recovered and he did not played in any match for Steaua. In October 2007 there were rumors that Ghionea will no longer play football, but coach Massimo Pedrazzini said that the information is not true and Ghionea is still recovering. On 13 October 2007 the center back withstanded another surgery to check the natural causes of his injury and to estimate the period that he will be unavailable.
On 18 January 2008, he played his first game since his injury, after 11 months, a friendly match against Wisła Kraków that ended 0–0. Since then he has played in almost all of the matches of the remaining season.
On 10 July 2008, Steaua Bucureşti rejected a €1.5m bid from Serie A side Catania but Ghionea decided to remain at the club for the foreseeable future.
Rostov.
On 20 January 2010, Steaua announced that Ghionea was sold to FC Rostov. The Romanian centre-back signed until June 2013. He made his debut in a 0–2 defeat to Tom Tomsk on 13 March 2010. After spending a season in the Russian Premier League Ghionea, decided to terminate his contract with Rostov on 7 February 2011.
Politehnica Timișoara.
On 9 February 2011, Ghionea signed an initial six-month contract with Poli, with the option to extend it for another two years. Ghionea made his home debut for Politehnica Timișoara in 3–1 win against Gaz Metan Mediaş on 26 February 2011. Although Poli finished second at the end of the 2010–11 Liga I season and was supposed to play in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League, however, the club was relegated to the second division because of accumulated debt and Ghionea left Poli on 19 July.
Târgu Mureș.
On 19 July 2011, he signed a two-year deal with Liga I side FCM Târgu Mureş.
International career.
Ghionea made his international debut for Romania on 27 March 2002 in a friendly against Ukraine, and his international career got off to a winning start with a 4–1 victory for Romania. Since then Ghionea has won nine further caps for Romania. He was sent off in Romania's second 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match against the Faroe Islands in which Romania won 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="5964088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964088" title="Rhythms of The World">
Rhythms of The World

Rhythms of The World (ROTW) was first organised in 1992. ROTW is a concert which celebrates the culture and art which is expressed through all types of music and art. In the ROTW programme, it notes, "aims to provide an opportunity for people to engage in community activity, to provide a bridge of common interest across ages, race, ability and economic groups, to provide an outlet for the energies of young people, to stimulate the arts, and to promote North Hertfordshire".
In 2010 the festival was on the weekend of 24 and 25 July. Acts performing included Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly, Glen Matlock, the Swanvesta Social Club and Hugh Cornwell.
Location.
Rhythms of the World takes place each July in the market town of Hitchin, Hertfordshire. The ROTW festival was made up of nearly 190 acts on 11 stages, plus 12 fringe venues (pubs and bars offering live music in partnership with ROTW) in 2006. It now includes various workshops (music, art and otherwise), stalls and a myriad of other distractions.
It was announced on 2 October 2007 that Rhythms of the World would no longer be held in Hitchin town centre and that the organising committee are looking for a greenfield site on the outskirts of the town for future events.
On 11 February 2008 it was announced that the 2008 festival would take place in the grounds of Hitchin Priory.
Funding.
Festival organizers estimate the costs at around £200,000 in 2011. This cost is covered by support from North Hertfordshire District Council, other grants, and admission fees. Additionally, the festival uses volunteers extensively to minimise event expenses.
History.
Rhythms of The World was started in 1992 by the Hitchin Oxfam Campaigns Group as a way of raising money for Oxfam and to highlight their international issues through world music. The first four years were staged in Hitchin Town Hall and featured bands such as the Bhundu Boys and King Salsa. In 1996 the event moved outside to the Market Place, but had only one stage and due in part to terrible weather the organisers felt the benefit to Oxfam was not being reflected in the increasing effort required. In 1998 the Campaigns Group ceased the Rhythms of The World project.
In 1999 a new committee, including some of the original campaigners, restarted Rhythms. With two stages, a fringe pub, Horace X, and Baka Beyond, ROTW became more of a festival. This increase in potency started to interest larger numbers of local music professionals.
With the benefit of these professionals and supporting volunteers ROTW 2000 was on a different level to the previous years; a purpose built stage dominated the Market Place, along with four others, and world music bands such as the Dhol Foundation, Bollywood Brass Band and Kiki Dee featured.
From then on, ROTW has increased its success. 2001 and 2002 saw ROTW increasing the number of stages and venues (including more fringe venues), bringing an eclectic programme of world music from places such as Siberia, Africa, South America, Tibet, India and Hitchin itself. Bands such as Ayub Ogada, Motimba, Itang Bondi and Yat Kha helped create what has now become the typical Rhythms musical atmosphere.
2003 saw 140 acts on 8 stages and market stalls selling various souvenirs, crafts and clothes from all over the world. The local St. Mary's church became a venue, and Bancroft Gardens became a family chillout area. Banners adorned Hitchin, which were made by the children from the local primary schools. This was the beginning of art taking a stand in the ROTW festival.
2004 had two main stages (the Market Place and Portmill Lane), plus, the BBC, the Arts Council and Decibel partnered with ROTW to help showcase national and local world bands. Even more banners were launched on the town.
2005 was similar to other years. 160 acts performing on 10 stages, plus, more dance and more poetry.
2006 saw 193 acts performing on 11 stages, plus workshops, more dance and more poetry.
2007 saw 142 acts performing on 8 stages, a dance hall hosting dance classes, workshops, more art and poetry. Artists performing included Monobloco and This was the last festival to be held on the streets of the town centre
For 2008 the festival moved to the ground of Hitchin Priory. The fesival had over 120 acts on 5 stages, a sound system, an arena and a family area with activities and workshops. 23,000 people attended over the two days. Artist performing included Billy Cobham & Asere, No 1 Station and Massukos. A new addition to ROTW was the BBC Introducing... stage hosted by BBC Three Counties Radio.
The 2009 festival saw performances from Jazz Jamaica, The Jive Aces, Hjtalin, Etran Finatawa, The Magnolia Sisters, John Otway, Blyth Spirit, Flamboyant Bella and Exit Avenue. In front of a weekend audience of 26,000.
The 2010 festival saw performances from Black Polaris, The Swanvesta Social Club, Stu O'Connor, This Empire, My First tooth, The October Game, Lecarla, Red Dollar, Hekz, Spandex Ballet, Trailer Trash Orchestra, David Gibb & the Pony Club, CC Smugglers, Spiked, Trouble with Tuesday, Frog Stupid, Lika Sharps, Bayou Seco, Out of the Trees, The Xcerts, Ballachulish Hellhounds, The Whybirds, The Amigos, My Passion and Rotating Leslie. 30,000 people attended.
In 2011, the 20th festival was held on 9 and 10 July.

</doc>
<doc id="5964092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964092" title="Alin Lițu">
Alin Lițu

Alin Liţu (born 22 October 1986 in Craiova, Romania) is a football striker that was under contract with Steaua Bucureşti.
Career.
Debut.
Coming out through the youth ranks of Steaua Bucureşti, Alin Liţu made his debut under the coaching of Walter Zenga on May 8, 2005, during the Oţelul - Steaua 1-0 match. Used intermittently during the last part of that season, Liţu never really proved his point and ended up playing for the Steaua II during the following season.
Jiul spell.
During the 2006-2007 season he was loaned to CS Jiul Petroşani, where he played a total of 10 matches, but didn't score a single goal.
Gloria Buzău spell.
For the 2007-2008 season, Steaua Bucureşti loaned him to newly promoted Gloria Buzău, where he would make a name for himself and earn first team experience. The season was disappointing for him, in terms of goalscoring - only four goals in 37 appearances. His loan was extended for another 6 months (the first half of the 2008-2009 season) before returning to Steaua Bucureşti.
Steaua return.
After an impressive winter training period, where he scored many goals and seemed to be one of the frontrunners for occupying a first team spot, Liţu spent most of the following period playing for the Steaua II or coming as a sub in few matches.
In 2009-10, Liţu was demoted to the B squad.
On January 2010 Steaua II Bucureşti loaned Liţu to Gaz Metan Mediaş utill June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5964095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964095" title="Kau Wa Keng">
Kau Wa Keng

Kau Wa Keng (), or Kau Wa Kang, is a village and valley in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong, China. It is located near the reclaimed Lai Chi Kok Bay in New Kowloon. Three rivers in the valley once joined at the bay and formed a beach at the estuary.
The village of Kau Wa Keng is built on the eastern side of valley with cultivation besides the rivers. An ancestral hall and the Yeung Ching School () are located in the village. It was formerly known as Kau Pa Keng (), which means dog climbing path. It was later renamed to the current Kau Wa Keng, (literally, "Ninth beautiful path"). A new village Kau Wa Keng San Tsuen () is located on the western side of the valley and was built following an influx of immigrants from mainland China after World War II, and during and after Chinese Civil War.
Before the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong in 1941, the village was one of hiding place for many Chinese writers who had fled the mainland.
Although the valley is closer to the community of Lai Chi Kok, it traditionally and administratively belongs to Kwai Chung.
Lai King Hill Road, a road following the former shore line of Kau Wa King, is the main road connecting the area to Kwai Chung and Lai Chi Kok.

</doc>
<doc id="5964100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964100" title="La Ferrassie 1">
La Ferrassie 1

La Ferrassie 1 is a male Neanderthal skeleton estimated to be 70–50,000 years old. It was discovered at the La Ferrassie site in France by Louis Capitan and Denis Peyrony in 1909. The skull is the largest and most complete Neanderthal skull ever found.
The skull displays many of the "classic" examples of Neanderthal anatomy, including a low a, sloping forehead and large nasal openings. His leg and feet bones makes it clear that Neanderthals walked upright like modern humans. The teeth are well preserved and the incisors are heavily worn down, suggesting they were used to hold objects.

</doc>
<doc id="5964104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964104" title="Australasian Breeders Crown">
Australasian Breeders Crown

The Australasian Breeders Crown is a futurity race series for horses bred in Australia and New Zealand. The series is for two, three and four-year-old pacers and trotters.
It is held on a Sunday in late August at Tabcorp Park in Melton, Victoria.
Run by Harness Racing Victoria, the 2011 Australasian Breeders Crown will be held on Sunday 21 August, featuring 10 races and $1.56 million of stake money on offer.

</doc>
<doc id="5964115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964115" title="Professionalization">
Professionalization

History.
Professionalization is the social process by which any trade or occupation transforms itself into a true "profession of the highest integrity and competence." This process tends to involve establishing acceptable qualifications, a professional body or association to oversee the conduct of members of the profession and some degree of demarcation of the qualified from unqualified amateurs. This creates "a hierarchical divide between the knowledge-authorities in the professions and a deferential citizenry." This demarcation is often termed "occupational closure", as it means that the profession then becomes closed to entry from outsiders, amateurs and the unqualified: a stratified occupation "defined by professional demarcation and grade." The origin of this process is said to have been with guilds during the Middle Ages, when they fought for exclusive rights to practice their trades as journeymen, and to engage unpaid apprentices.
Professions also possess power, prestige, high income, high social status and privileges; their members soon come to comprise an elite class of people, cut off to some extent from the common people, and occupying an elevated station in society: "a narrow elite ... a hierarchical social system: a system of ranked orders and classes."
The professionalization process tends to establish the group norms of conduct and qualification of members of a profession and tends also to insist that members of the profession achieve "conformity to the norm." and abide more or less strictly with the established procedures and any agreed code of conduct, which is policed by professional bodies, for "accreditation assures conformity to general expectations of the profession." Different professions are organized differently. For example, doctors desire autonomy over entrepreneurship. Professions want authority because of their expertise. Professionals are encouraged to a have a lifetime commitment to their field of work.
Eliot Freidson (1923–2005) is considered one of the founders of the sociology of professions
Very little professions existed before the 19th century, although most of the societies always valued someone who was competent and skilled in a particular discipline. The government was especially in need of skilled people to complete various duties. Professionalism as an ideology only started in the early 19th century in North America and Western Europe.
This gave women room to enter the workforce as men were too busy to meet the needs of the community. For the first time a “professional” woman was a desirable quality. There were many emerging fields of work for her. Some of these included hospitality, mothering, interior decoration, and fashion. As women began to take on more and more room in the professional world, men began to feel threatened. They feared their wage would decrease because women were expected to be paid less. They thought that some professions should only be reserved for men. Universities for women were underfunded. There was a lot of discrimination against them; one might think jealousy played into it. As a result a lot less women became professionals.
Professions began to emerge rapidly. However, a person who wanted to become a professional had to gain the approval of members of the existing profession beforehand and only they could judge whether he or she had reached the level of expertise needed to be a professional. Official associations and credentialing boards were created by the end of the 19th century, but initially membership was informal. A person was a professional if enough people said they were a professional.
Adam Smith was for professionalization because he said they help society a lot and deserved the power and high salary because of their high level of education needed and the difficulty to get in their field of work due to the necessity of rigorous demands.
State licensure insured that experience could not be substituted for certification, and decreased outside competition. A code of ethics for professionals ensured that the public receiving the service was well served and set guidelines for their behavior in their professions. This code also ensured that penalties were put in place for those who failed to meet up to the standards stated. This could include termination of their license to practice. After the Second World War, professions were state controlled.
The degree of legislation and autonomy of self-regulated and regular professions varied across Canada. Possible causes include societal infrastructure, population density, social ideologies, and political mandates. Physicians and engineers were among the most successful at professionalization of their work. Medicine was consistently regulated before the confederation. Medicine and engineering became self-regulated and had their regulatory legislation altered five decades after the confederation even though some other occupations were not able to. This meant these professions could oversee entry to practice, education, and the behavior of those practicing.
Professionalization of physicians.
Physicians are a profession that became autonomous or self-regulating. Physicians started as a division of labor in health care. The social status of physicians made them feel like they merit deference. Physicians' authority was based on persuasion. Autonomy and independence of the organization of physicians caused a division of labor that is professionally dominated. Licensing caused monopolies on rights. Eliot Friedson had commented that the profession had "the authority to direct and evaluate the work of others without in turn being subject to formal direction and evaluation by them”. Doctors remained their dominance because hospitals were administered rather than managed. Professionalization caused modern inequality. The medical field enjoyed more power than some other profession, for example engineering.
In the United States physicians from other countries could not practice unless they satisfied US regulation requirements.
To ensure social order and establish British institutions, Ontario established medicine as a self-regulating profession in the late 1860s. In many US states however, medicine remained unregulated until several decades later.
A publication in the 1840 "British Medical Journal" revealed an increase in professional consciousness from medical practitioners in England. Physicians in the 19th century came to have the features of modern professions. A major one was autonomy. This was further emphasized with the establishment of a controlling body of the profession. Competition and overcrowding (two or three decades after 1930) also put pressure on governments to establish a system of registration and requirements for those who wished to practice. This led to the Medical Act of 1840. In fact, this council consisted mostly of doctors. Therefore, they were in control of regulating their own profession. The act required their members to oversee medical education, keep track of the numbers of qualified practitioners, and regulate it for the government. Pg 688.It gave the qualified more power and set limitations on the unqualified. The exclusion from government service of the unqualified practitioners was the most influential policy. Along with the act, the qualified practitioners came to be known as the “officially recognized” healers, and as such had a competitive advantage in the job market.
To reduce competition, the Medical Act also raised the standards for qualifications in 1858. A modern codes of medical ethics were also implemented in the 19th century. Again, this proves the high degree of power that the profession had. As a result, many medical practitioners came to experience ethical problems. Unlike today, it was more the concern of the behavior of doctors towards each other, than towards their patients. It is suggested to be due by the changes of the medical world in the first half of the nineteenth century. Unlike the pre-industrial age, distinctions between say surgeons and physicians were greatly reduced, to replace a division of mostly consultants and general practitioners.
This new division caused disordered in establishing the roles of different types of practitioners and their status. It led to more competition as their various field of expertise was not made clear and thus resulted in accusations of unprofessional conduct among each other to protect their own interests. Issues, around management of medical practitioners and their practice stemming from this change, had to attended to.pg. 690 In the second half of the 19th century, ethical ethics were more severely monitored and disciplinary action against violators was put in effect. This was allowed as by the act of 1858. Even the allowance to remove from practice any practitioner violating the code of ethics put in place. A more elaborated code of professional ethics emerged. A practitioner had no other choice but to adhere to minimum standards if he wanted to keep his job and keep practicing.
The 19th century education to become a physician encountered some changes from the 18th century. The 18th century was an apprenticeship program. The apprentice and master worked together and so the level of training received varied from person to person varied. In the 19th century, hospital medical schools and universities gained popularity for teaching. Apprenticeships were reducing rapidly . Training became more standardized. It was standardized more all over the world too because medical students that attended these schools came from all over the world. With this came a sense of professional identity and community made possible this modern profession seen today.
With the professionalization of medicine came the emergence of the movement of physical diagnoses of physicians' patients in the 19th century. It was believed to help treat patients better. Before the emergence of this movement, physicians based their diagnoses on the interpretation of their patients’ symptoms. Physical diagnoses became part of the modern professional practice of medicine. It was one of the major accomplishments of Parisian hospitals and with the rise of Parisian pathological-anatomy, it became a very important clinical practice. Disease was believed to be an anatomical lesion inside the body. Physical examination was necessary to properly qualify them. This new approach caused the problem of the growing diagnostic competence but smaller treatment capacities. As well, this caused a pressure on the physician to find and classify the illness but also to treat and cure the disease. Skepticism grew in the profession as fellow physicians watched other each other for proper treatment of patients.
The invention of the stethoscope in 1816 made auscultation and percussion regularly employed to help in the physical diagnosis process. Diagnose and treatment now had to be based on science. The rise of hospitals facilitated physical diagnoses. That being said, patients were often reluctant to undergo physical diagnosis, especially with the rise of new medical instruments being used. In fact, manuals were written to help physicians gain knowledge on proper “patient etiquette” and gain their consent to perform certain procedures. Society had a hard time excepting the procedures required for the routine physical examination and its necessity. It was more interested in the cure and treatment effectiveness of the diagnosis.
The industrialization in the late nineteenth century resulted in a demand for physicians. In Canada, the industrializing towns and cities of the Maritimes gave plenty of opportunities for their physicians to show their skills as emerging professionals. For example, medical doctors were needed to expect tenement housing, and sanitary conditions of factories and schools. Doctors were needed to promote public and personal hygiene to reduce disease transmission.
Medical failures often hampered the reputation of these physicians which made their status as professionals harder to implement and make the general population accept them as this. Not to mention over-crowding eventually became a problem. the profession called on the government for help especially in the last quarter of the 19th century. Restriction on who could get in medical schools, and higher demands on their education were put in place. As well, greater attentions to their professional ethics were among the strategies employed to distinguish themselves as high status professionals. Physicians also pressured the government for better attention to the health of its citizens. For example, the recollection of data of the births and deaths which it had stopped doing in the Maritimes in 1877. Provincial medical boards, allowance of registration for practice across all provinces, better schools, protection against the unlicensed physicians and unskilled persons, were some other actions taken.
Although medical techniques did approve in the nineteenth century, attempts to deny rights for the other competing professions in the health field made it seem like medical doctors wanted to monopolize medical care and seek their own interests rather the public welfare.
Professionalization of Engineers.
Engineering, as it became a profession, had fewer restrictions in the 19th century. As it did not have mandatory licensing for entrants, competition was bigger. Unlike physicians, engineers could not enjoy protection from competition. For instance, a person without a college degree could still become an engineer. Engineers could be independent. It was a semi-autonomous profession because it could still require extended training and it formed body of specialized knowledge. The nature of their work meant that they were always influenced by business and industry. In many cases they did want to be independent. Oftentimes, they sought power through their connection with an organization. The engineer profession was much more collaborative.
In Canada, Interprofessional conflict, differences in organization, and state lobby caused the differences in timing and legislature of occupations such as engineering.
In engineering, the profession was initially just organized on a national or cross-provincial basis. For example, the Canadian Society of Civil Engineers was formed in 1887 before it was regulated in each province. Even then, legislation from province to province varied. This was due to the resistance and oppositions of the people in all provinces. For example in Ontario, the act on engineering did not pass until 1922, and it had to be altered to exempt all mining operations from the bill. This was because the mining industry was afraid the act would alert business and the ability to hire whoever they wanted During times of rapid growth, regulations were added or altered to starve off over crowding.
In the 19th century, an engineer qualified to practice in England would not have trouble practicing in Canada. To obtain an engineer’s certificate from them these countries, many demands which had to be met. For example in Ontario Canada, for each different class of engineer certificate obtained, certain math skills must be met first. To practice as a Water Supply Engineer in England, a person had to obtain a certificate.This certificate was only granted if the provisions under the Water act of 1890 are met. There was little opening for employment as a civil engineer in England, although those who were good eventually found work.
In England, because production was controlled by craftsmen, creativity and quality of the product was seen as dominant factors in the emerging engineering profession. During the Industrial revolution, whereas the United States focused its attention to standardization for mass production, England focused on methods of small scale manufacturing. English engineers still emphasized quality in their work. Learning by practical experience was also strongly encouraged and training new engineers became like an apprenticeship
In France, they were more concern with the theoretical aspect of engineering, specifically understanding the mathematical aspect of it. They built “grandes écoles" of engineering and state employment was the most predominant work for engineering. Engineering practices and education depended upon cultural values and preferences. Oftentimes in the US, business and engineer managers influenced engineer work.
In the United States, engineering was more focused on experience and achieving material and commercial success. Manual labor was seen as something positive. It was influenced by France to build schools for engineering training rather than on the site training, in the late 19th century. Professional status was gained through corporate training. Unlike the other emerging professions mentioned earlier, engineering as a profession did not reply on the approval of their peers but rather of corporate and government hierarchies (private industry).
The number of engineers increased by 2000 percent in the period between 1880 and 1920 in the United States. The Industrial revolution created a demand for them. Their main competition was Germany. Industries encouraged engineering to change from a craft to a profession.The standardization of practices during this time helped established their professional image as expertise. That being said, many factory and business and factory owners did not particularly like this standardization because they felt threaten that engineers would increase their authority and territory. This was also desired by engineers themselves to end labor troubles. It was believed that it would increase production and predictability.
Civil engineers were overtaken by mechanical engineers. In fact, the numbers of professional mechanical engineers increased by 600 percent and college enrollment in this specialization outnumbered civil engineering. Now, they were more needed. Engineers were okay being classified "professionals of a corporation", because they were still mostly industry workers anyways and valued the ideology of no government intervention in the economy.
Shortly before, and during the Progressive Era, better organization of various fields of work including engineering took place because it encouraged professionalism, equality, and progress. Systematization was a big part of it. For example, The American Society of Mechanical Engineer was founded in 1880, and met twice a year. Professional codes of ethics were also established for this profession. However, the growing profession of engineering had still difficulty in organizing itself.
Making a professional image of engineers was difficult because of its prominent association with manual labor. It struggles to this day to gain similar status as members of autonomous, self-regulating professions such as lawyers and physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="5964125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964125" title="Jukka Tammi">
Jukka Tammi

Jukka Vilho Tapani Tammi (born April 10, 1962 in Tampere, Finland), nicknamed "Taisto", is a retired Finnish ice hockey goaltender.
Tammi is one of the few Finnish ice hockey players to have three or more Olympic medals. He was the "Ironman" of the Finnish SM-liiga, awarded to the player who plays the most consecutive games, and has been inducted into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame. Although Tammi was a top Finnish goaltender, he was never drafted by an NHL team.
Career.
Finland.
Tammi started his career in the 1980-1981 season when he played for the Tampereen Ilves A-Junior team. Tammi also dressed for three SM-Liiga games, but he did not play until the following year when he played in four games. In 1982-1983 he played 25 games during the regular season, winning the Rookie of the Year award. Tammi went on to play in Ilves for a total of 15 Seasons (1980–1995). After Ilves, Tammi played in TuTo during the 1995-1996 season.
Germany.
In 1996 Tammi moved to Germany and played for the Frankfurt Lions, a Deutsche Eishockey Liga team. Tammi played three seasons for the Lions, retiring after the 1998-99 season.
International.
In addition to his SM-Liiga career, Tammi also had an International career. Tammi was part of Team Finland in total of seven Ice Hockey World Championships, four Winter Olympics and two Canada Cups. Tammi played a total of 213 International games and had one assist.
Highlight's of Jukka Tammi's International career are: 

</doc>
<doc id="5964136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964136" title="Florin Lovin">
Florin Lovin

Florin Lovin (nickname: "Aţă"/"Yarn"), (born 11 February 1982 in Piatra Neamţ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Liga I club Oțelul Galați. He plays mainly as defensive midfielder.
Club career.
Lovin also played for FCM Bacău between 2001 and 2005, prior to joining Steaua Bucureşti. He made his Divizia A debut on 25 May 2002 in the FCM Bacău 1–2 defeat at FC National. As of 1 January 2008, he played 132 games in Liga I scoring three goals.
On 7 July 2008, Steaua's coach Marius Lăcătuş sent Lovin to Steaua II Bucureşti for the indiscipline during training. Steaua's board have announced that Lovin has been transfer-listed. On 8 July 2008 Gigi Becali said that he would not let Lovin go for less than €800 000. On 23 July 2008, Steaua's coach called him back to first team. In 2009–10, Lovin was demoted to the B squad again. On 20 July 2009, Lovin was transferred to TSV 1860 München.
On 12 September 2009, Lovin suffered a serious injury during a clash with Youssef Mokhtari in the TSV 1860 Munich-Greuther Fürth match. He suffered a ligament break, which kept him off the field for half a year. After 26 matches for 1860 the contract was terminated after the 2010–11 season.
He signed a three-year contract with Greek Super League side Kerkyra in July 2011 but his contract terminated in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5964147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964147" title="Banzi">
Banzi

Banzi is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Called "Bantia" in antiquity, it was the site of the find of the bronze tablet known as the Tabula Bantina, which contains an important fragment of the ancient Oscan language.

</doc>
<doc id="5964167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964167" title="Suzanne Lacy">
Suzanne Lacy

Suzanne Lacy (born 1945, Wasco, CA) is an American artist, educator, and writer. She has worked in a variety of media, including installation, video, performance, public art, photography, and artists' books, and describes her work as focusing on "social themes and urban issues." She also served in the education cabinet of Jerry Brown, then mayor of Oakland, California, and arts commissioner for the city. She designed multiple educational programs beginning with her role as performance faculty at The Feminist Studio Workshop at The Woman's Building in Los Angeles.
Performance art.
In 1977, Lacy combined performance art with activism in "Three Weeks in May". The event combined a performance piece on the steps of Los Angeles City Hall with self-defense classes for women in an attempt to highlight sexual violence against women. The artist updated a map with reports from the Los Angeles Police Department, printing the word "rape" on spots on a map of the greater L.A. area. Lacy and collaborator Leslie Labowitz went on to create "In Mourning and In Rage" on the steps of City Hall in Los Angeles, a media intervention and performance artwork. They founded Ariadne: A Social Art Network, a collaborative group that focused on community-based artwork and educational opportunities. On 10 May 1987, Lacy staged what is arguably her most well known performance piece,"The Crystal Quilt", which featured 430 older women. Filmed at IDS Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota and broadcast live on PBS, the performance involved the "women talking about their lives as their gathering created an eighty-two foot square tableau in the shape of a quilt." The performance was attended by over 3,000 people.
Lacy has also worked as a curator. In the mid-seventies she created the first exhibition of women's performance art at Womanspace Gallery at The Woman's Building. In 1981, she collaborated with Susan Hiller to curate the exhibition "We'll Think of a Title When We Meet: Women Performance Artists from London and Los Angeles" at Franklin Furnace, a well-known alternative arts venue founded in 1976 by Martha Wilson.
Lacy produced many performances in various sites around the world, mostly focusing on race, class and gender equity. During the first two decades of the 2000 she rethought several earlier works for specific venues, including the WACK! Art and the Feminist Revolution. In 2012, she re-created the earlier 1977 performance for the Getty Pacific Standard Time Performance Festival. "Three Weeks in January", was an anti-rape performance based on her landmark 1977 project; this time the map was installed prominently on the LAPD's main campus.
Lacy believes that her work cannot be re-enacted literally based on its immediate response to specific times and places. However, as many issues remain current it is possible to "re-think" works in new contexts. Like "Crystal Quilt," "Silver Action" concerns older women, a re-creation produced for the opening of The Tanks, a new performance space at Tate Modern. "Silver Action" took place in February 2013 at the Tate Modern Gallery in London and featured 400 women over the age of 60 discussing their past activism on women's issues and the future of such activism, as well as issues women face as they age.
In October 2013, Lacy gathered women for conversations on the stoops of houses on Park Place in Brooklyn, New York, for her "Between the Door and the Street" Project, which was sponsored by the Brooklyn Museum’s Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art. The 360 participants discussed gender issues while passersby listened in.
Writing.
In addition to her work as an artist, Lacy also is the editor of "Mapping the terrain: new genre public art", an anthology of essays about the impact of performance art in public spaces. She has also written a number of articles on performance art for various publications. In 2010 Duke University Press released a collection of her essays entitled "Leaving Art: Writings on Performances, Politics and Publics 1974-2000.
Academia.
Lacy has held several positions at academic institutions focusing on the arts. She was the Dean of Fine Arts at California College of the Arts (CCA) from 1987-1997. Lacy was a founding faculty member at California State University, Monterey Bay. She was founding director of the Center for Fine Art and Public Life. She went on to serve as the Chair of Fine Arts at Otis College of Art and Design from 2002–2006, before designing and launching a Master of Fine Arts program in Public Practice for the college in 2007.
Recognition.
Lacy has won numerous fellowships, including several from the National Endowment for the Arts, a Guggenheim Fellowship, and the Lila Wallace Arts International Fellowship. She was the first recipient of the Public Art Dialogue Annual Award in 2009. She received the Distinguished Artist Award for Lifetime Achievement from the College Art Association in 2010 and the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Women's Caucus for Art in 2012.
Collections.
Her work is owned by the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles "Prostitution Notes" and The Tate Modern "The Crystal Quilt." In 2012, the Hammer Museum acquired "Three Weeks in May" (1977).

</doc>
<doc id="5964169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964169" title="Iodosobenzene">
Iodosobenzene

Iodosobenzene or iodosylbenzene is an organoiodine compound with the empirical formula C6H5IO. This colourless solid compound is used as an oxo transfer reagent in research laboratories examining organic and coordination chemistry. It is related to the more popular reagent periodinane.
Preparation and structure.
Iodosobenzene was first described by Conrad Willgerodt from iodobenzene. It is prepared by first oxidizing iodobenzene to the diacetate followed by hydrolysis:
The structure of iodosobenzene remains unverified crystallographically. Its low solubility in most solvents and vibrational spectroscopy indicate that it is not molecular, but is polymeric, consisting of I-O-I-O chains. The related diacetate, C6H5I(O2CCH3)2, illustrates the ability of iodine(III) to adopt a T-shaped geometry without multiple bonds.
Applications.
Iodosobenzene has no commercial uses, but in the laboratory it is employed as an "oxo-transfer reagent." It epoxidizes certain alkenes and converts some metal complexes into the corresponding oxo derivatives. Although it is an oxidant, it is also mildly nucleophilic. The active agent in these oxo-transfer reactions is assumed to be monomeric PhI=O, but this aspect remains unverified.
Safety.
This compound is explosive and should not be heated under vacuum.

</doc>
<doc id="5964174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964174" title="Mount Carmel Junction, Utah">
Mount Carmel Junction, Utah

Mount Carmel Junction and Mount Carmel are unincorporated communities located east of Zion National Park and north of Kanab in Kane County, Utah, United States. They lie in close proximity to the Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park.
Mount Carmel Junction sits at the junction of U.S. Route 89 and State Route 9 in southwestern Utah. Mount Carmel is one mile (1.6 km) north of the junction. Mount Carmel Junction is set in the high desert of the Colorado Plateau.
History.
The Virgin Anasazi were the prehistoric settlers in the area. Among other areas, nearby Parunuweap (East Fork of the Virgin River) contains evidence to their presence. This group occupied the area until about the 13th century. The people were agriculturalists who maintained a diet of mostly maize.
Settlement.
Doctor Priddy Meeks settled the town of Winsor in 1864, at the site of present day Mount Carmel Junction, as part of Brigham Young's plan to settle all of Utah Territory. In 1865 more settlers were sent by the church. Nearby Orderville and Glendale (called Berryville at this time) were also being settled. Before long, Indians forced them to leave the area. It was not until 7 years later in 1871 that the settlers returned and this time settled down permanently. This time the town was settled in the name of Mount Carmel to honor the mountain in Palestine. In 1875 Elder Howard O. Spencer presided over Mount Carmel and Glendale. He reported that most homes were temporary, but permanent structures were underway. Doctor Meeks moved to Orderville in 1876 where he died at the age of 91. He left behind two wives and several children.
Only two families ever settled in Mount Carmel Junction, and one was Jack and Fern Morrison. Jack contemplated the idea that a road must be built connecting Zion Canyon to the east side of the park. Jack explored the area and came to the conclusion that the road must come down in the area now known as Mount Carmel Junction. There were old wagon trails that Jack used to navigate his way down to the valley. The hills were steep forcing Jack to attach a Cedar tree to the back of his Model-T-Ford. Jack was patient and in 1931 he was able to homestead the land now known as Mount Carmel Junction. The land was unkind. It was covered with gullies, quicksand and many layers of sand. The area was also prone to violent flash floods. Jack and Fern lost two children in the flash floods of the East Fork of the Virgin River that runs through the junction. The East Fork of the Virgin River is now known as Parunuweap. Jack died in 1961, from cancer after serving in the war and spending much of his life working in the coal mines. Fern, a strong willed and hard working woman continued to build. She lived to the age of 90, dying in 1998.
Artist Maynard Dixon,[http://www.thunderbirdfoundation.com/maynard-dixon.cfm] famed for his paintings of the American West, built a summer home in Mount Carmel Junction in 1939. After his death in Tucson, Arizona, in 1946, his ashes were buried on a high bluff above the Mount Carmel art studio being built on the property.
John Wesley Powell - Parunuweap.
John Wesley Powell visited the area as part of the Powell Survey of 1872. He was the first European-American to descend the East Fork of the Virgin River from the current location of Mount Carmel Junction to Shunesburg. A plaque can be found at the edge of the river, just east of the Zion National Park boundary in the East Fork, that reads:
"Major John Wesley Powell 1834-1902 explorer, scientist, Steven V. Jones 1840-1920 teacher, topographer, Joseph W. Young 1829-1873 Mormon pioneer leader, Descended Labyrinth Falls 1/2 mile below Monday, September 30, 1872 during first Parunuweap Canyon traverse. Powell named this canyon from the Paiute Indian word 'Parunuweap' which means roaring water canyon. Dedicated September 30, 1972."
Historic Rock Church.
The Historic Rock Church in Mount Carmel was used to school the children living in the Mount Carmel area. The log building was built in 1880 and used as a church, school house and recreation hall. In 1890 it was converted into the stone structure. "The rock for the building was hauled by team and wagon from a hill about a mile south of town. Later a lumber wing was added, making it into a two-room school. At first the floors were of rough pine lumber. Then hardwood floors were installed, which made them 'nicer for dancing.'" In 1919 it burned down. In 1923 it was rebuilt, this time with rock. After the small building was rebuilt, the rock structure was used almost entirely as a church. The children who once attended school in the log building rode to nearby Orderville in a covered wagon each day to attend school. The Historic Rock Church is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Zion-Mount Carmel Highway History.
In 1919, a Congressional bill designating Zion National Park was signed into law. In 1923 the task of finding a way to open Zion Canyon to the east side of the park began. Four different routes were considered including two options through Parunuweap and another through North Creek. The route chosen went up the side of Pine Creek canyon on switchbacks, through a tunnel and then along Clear Creek to the east boundary of the park, and hence to US-89 at Mount Carmel Junction. Construction work on the Zion-Mount Carmel Tunnel and the Zion-Mount Carmel Highway began in 1927. The tunnel especially was considered quite an engineering feat for the time, requiring boring through solid rock. July 4, 1930, the tunnel and highway were dedicated, linking Zion Canyon to the land east of the park and making it easier to visit Grand Canyon and Bryce Canyon National Parks.
Geology.
The north-south trending Sevier Fault is east of the main highway through Mount Carmel Junction. Sandstone cliffs lie to the south and the White Cliffs of the Grand Staircase can be seen to the east. About halfway between Mount Carmel Junction and Kanab are the Coral Pink Sand Dunes. North on U.S. Route 89 are hoodoo formations similar to those in Bryce Canyon and Cedar Breaks. The Middle Jurassic Carmel Formation, named after Mount Carmel, is well exposed in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="5964175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964175" title="Răzvan Ochiroșii">
Răzvan Ochiroșii

Răzvan Iulian Ochiroșii (born 13 March 1989 in Galați) is a Romanian football player, part of the Oțelul Galați team, but on loan at CD Guijuelo. He is a left winger known for his pace and skills.
Club career.
After successfully graduating from Steaua Dunării Galați's Youth Academy, Ochiroșii signed a professional contract with Steaua București and made his debut in Liga I in May 2005 against FCM Bacău. He scored his first goal as a senior player on August 2, 2006 against ND Gorica in the UEFA Champions League preliminaries to become the Steaua's youngest scorer in a European competition at only 17 years, 4 months and 20 days.
The best moment in his career was his goal in the derby Rapid București–Steaua București, in the 84th minutes which gave Steaua a 1-2 victory. On 5 January 2010, it was announced that 50% of his federative rights were ceded to Oțelul Galați, and he would join the Galați side in exchange of Bulgarian defender Zhivko Zhelev.

</doc>
<doc id="5964177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964177" title="Liu Qi (Liu Biao's son)">
Liu Qi (Liu Biao's son)

Liu Qi (died 209) was the oldest son of the warlord Liu Biao during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. He provided reinforcements and refuge for Liu Bei when the latter was fleeing from Cao Cao's forces after the Battle of Changban, and assisted Liu Bei and Zhou Yu in the following Battle of Red Cliffs.
Fraternal strife.
Although Liu Qi was Liu Biao's oldest son, his younger brother Liu Cong married better, to the niece of Lady Cai, Liu Biao's second wife. The Cai family had a powerful presence at court, including generals Cai Mao and Zhang Yun. As the Cai faction gained influence, they put pressure on Liu Biao to make Liu Cong his heir. Following the death of Huang Zu after the Battle of Jiangxia in 208, Liu Qi was appointed Administrator of Jiangxia (present-day Yunmeng County, Hubei), about 250 km southeast of Jing Province's capital in Xiangyang. Sources differ on whether Liu Qi requested this appointment to escape the fraternal conflict or was forced out of the capital by the Cai clan. In any case he seems to have been tasked with a counterattack against the forces of Sun Quan, who now held the area.
Shortly after Liu Qi's move to Jiangxia, his father Liu Biao died suddenly and Liu Cong succeeded him as Governor of Jing Province. Liu Qi henceforth treated Liu Cong like an enemy, and may have attacked him had not it not been for the arrival of Cao Cao's army.
Cao Cao's army arrived from the north, not far from Liu Cong's capital of Xiangyang. Liu Qi fled south across the Yangtze. Lacking the numbers and political support to wage war with Cao Cao, Liu Cong took the advice of 15 of his senior advisors and surrendered his country to Cao Cao. Not long after this, Liu Bei, somewhat in extremis after his disastrous defeat at the Battle of Changban, crossed the Han River into Jiangxia with some dozens of close associates and met up with Liu Qi. Liu Qi took his army and escorted Liu Bei back over the Han to collect Liu Bei's forces that had scattered after the Battle of Changban.
Battle of Red Cliffs.
Liu Qi is claimed to have commanded about 10,000 troops. While this may be an exaggeration, it is probable that his local forces were comparable in size to the reconstituted forces of Liu Bei including Guan Yu's fleet. The promise of 10,000 more men waiting to join up with his army may or may not have swayed Sun Quan's decision to order the combined assault against Cao Cao's men.
With what little historical information recorded about the Battle of Red Cliffs buried under centuries of accumulated legend, it is difficult to say to any degree what role Liu Qi's forces had in the battle, but with the combined forces of Sun Quan, Liu Bei, and Liu Qi facing an army much more numerous, his troops must have taken part in the battle, possibly under his direct command.
After the victory over Cao Cao, Liu Qi was appointed Inspector of Jing Province, finally succeeding his father, albeit in an incomplete way. He died at Jiangxia within a few months of his appointment. After Liu Qi's death, Liu Bei took over his position at the considerably higher rank of Governor of Jing Province.
In fiction.
In the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", Liu Qi is a subject in one of the 36 Strategies called "Lure them onto the Roof, then take away the Ladder" "(上屋抽梯)". The story goes with that Liu Qi was fearing for his life as his step mother Lady Cai had planned to remove him and install Liu Cong as heir. Liu Qi insist to ask Zhuge Liang for advice, although the latter is reluctant to help him and thus avoids Liu QI as he doesn't want to be involved in "Liu's family affair". Liu Bei felt sorry for Liu Qi and gave him some hint how to put Zhuge Liang in a non avoidable position. The next day, Liu Qi asked Zhuge Liang to follow him to his private library in the upper floor as he has an ancient scroll he wants Zhuge Liang to read, as they climbed up to the floor, Liu Qi quickly removed the only ladder to the room and begged Zhuge Liang for advice. Zhuge Liang was still hesitant to be involved with Liu Qi family affair, however Liu Qi told him that "Only heaven can hear us and nobody else" and threaten to commit suicide in front him. Thus Zhuge Liang finally relented and advice Liu Qi to move to Jiangxia as am excuse to fill up the position since the death of Huang Zu after the Battle of Jiangxia. This advice saved the life of Liu Qi and later become a key figure to secure an alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan in the battle of red cliff.

</doc>
<doc id="5964208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964208" title="Fan dance (exercise)">
Fan dance (exercise)

The Fan Dance is part of the Fitness and Navigation phase of the selection process of the UK's Special Forces personnel. It has also been used on courses run by the Pathfinder Group and the RAF regiment II Parachute Squadron as well as the Infantry Battle School, Brecon, Wales. It is a 24 kilometre long distance march in the Brecon Beacons of Wales that takes place at the end of the first week of the selection course. It is used as the first major indicator of whether a candidate has the physical and mental determination to complete the selection course.
The candidates are divided into two groups and each starts from opposite sides of Pen y Fan, an 886 metre high peak. One group starts at Torpantau railway station, the other at the Storey Arms Mountain Rescue Centre. Each participant carries an 18 kilogram Bergen backpack, a rifle (a further five kg) and a water bottle. The candidates climb Pen y Fan and descend on the far side, they then turn around and reverse the route. The Fan Dance is distinct from the Long Drag, a 64 km march with a 25 kg backpack that is the culminating event of the Fitness and Navigation phase of the selection course.
Three reservist soldiers apparently died during the Fan Dance of Summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5964212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964212" title="Volkswagen Westfalia Campers">
Volkswagen Westfalia Campers

Volkswagen Westfalia Campers were conversions of Volkswagen Type 2 sold from the early 1950s through 2003. Volkswagen subcontracted the modifications to the company Westfalia-Werke in Rheda-Wiedenbrück.
Types.
Early Volkswagen split-windshield "Kombi"s were built between 1950 and 1967. Production of Volkswagen camper variants continued to 2003, and was based on the Kombi, then the Vanagon, then the Transporter. Other coachbuilders, including Dormobile, ASI/Riviera, Holdsworth, Danbury Motorcaravans, and VW Sun-Dial, also built campers based on the Transporter.
Models.
Between 1951 and August 1958, approximately 1,000 Camper Box conversions were made by Westfalia, official builder of Volkswagen camper conversions. In August 1958, the SO (, German for "special model") models were introduced.
Westfalia special models included the SO-23, -33 -34, -35, -42, -44, and -45.
Westfalia Campers were available from Volkswagen dealers worldwide and were also delivered via the Tourist Delivery Program — whereby a customer would pick up their new van in Germany, drive it in Europe, then VW would ship it to the customer's home. Many Volkswagen Campers were purchased by American servicemen and sent home in the 1950s and 1960s.
From 1979 until 1992 Westfalia Vanagon were built.
Optional equipment.
Awnings and side tents.
A number of tent and side awning designs were available as extra-cost additions. Collectors often have difficulty determining whether one of these options was specifically available from and for Westfalia models, or were developed and sold by other camper conversion vendors such as ASI/Riviera and Sundial.
SO-22 "camping box" Period (1952–58). During this period no tent per se was available from Westfalia, but one could obtain a striped canvas awning that stretched almost the length of the vehicle, and extended about six feet out to the side. The awning frame seems to be similar to that of the SO-23 period large tent described below. This earliest of Westfalia tents is shown on the cover of the July, 1955 issue of "Popular Mechanics" and in a 1956 brochure that describes it as "a large, colorful side awning."
SO-23 deluxe camper (1958–1965). Two tent options were available during this period. One was similar to the 1952–1958 awning, with the addition of removable side curtains, and the other was a small vestibule or foyer that only covered the side door area. These had no names other than "large tent" and "small tent," and the larger one seems to have been available with and without a bathroom as described below.
The small tent, available in either red/white or blue/gray stripes, was less popular and thus is less often seen today. It consists of a single piece of heavy canvas, with a strip of vinyl along the bottom acting as a reinforcement and splash guard. It fits over the side-door opening (and has a gap for one leg of the roof rack) as a sort of foyer or vestibule. It's big enough for two adults to stand inside, but little else, and was probably intended as a means of getting in and out of the camper in cold or wet weather.
The stripes are about four inches wide. The tent itself is about four feet wide by three feet deep, and inside headroom is well over six feet. A long white zipper runs up the middle of the front, while the back is open and contoured to fit the bus. The frame consists of four metal poles which fit into pockets inside the top of the tent and lock together to form a square. Legs on two of the poles fit into brackets which were bolted to the camper's roof. Two additional poles dogleg into the top frame and have small chain-hooks to hold the doors open. The lower ends of these poles fit into holes in the jack supports. Rubber grommets help protect the paint on the doors and the jack points. The lower edge of the tent is secured to the ground with about a dozen metal stakes. Each stake is about six inches long and is formed from hardened 1/4" rods with a loop at one end. Two storage bags made of (usually matching) canvas with leather straps are supplied for the tent and poles.
This tent is most often seen in a yellow/blue-grey stripe, but were also available in red/white, orange/blue, orange/white, and green/white. The tent's frame mounts to brackets on the roof and bumpers. The front bumper mount is a flat plate of steel bent into an open S or Z shape. Tent poles are steel, either black or grey, around 2 cm in diameter, and there are fourteen sections that must be assembled to create a rectangular, peaked awning with support rods leading to the bumpers. Once the awning has been set up, curtains can be attached to the three outer sides (with Tenax lift-the-dot fasteners) to achieve a weatherproof - though windowless and floorless - portable shelter. Leather straps secure the sidewalls to the support poles, and stakes hold the bottom edges down as with the small tent. An additional set of poles and stakes were available to permit the outer flap to be extended horizontally as a second awning, resulting in a large shaded space on the side of the bus.
The framed tent (1965–1967). This is the largest and most colorful of the Westfalia side tents. It's different from the earlier small and large awning-based tents in two important ways: the addition of large, screened windows on the side curtains, and a free-standing frame that allows the tent to be left at the campsite while the bus is driven away for groceries or side trips. The tent also has a rear door that can be zipped closed at such times. Both front and rear flaps can be rolled up and held open by cloth ties or (on later models) straps with lift-the-dot fasteners.
This is the final Westfalia tent produced for the Split-windshield bus and is arguably the most collectible version; its tents alone, in good condition, have been sold for well over US$1,000.
Early bay-window tent. When Volkswagen transitioned to the bay-window or breadloaf model with large, single curved windshield and sliding side door, the Westfalia camper was modified to include an angled poptop. This design provided space for a large child's cot overhead, and on later models, the poptop was further enlarged to fit a full bed large enough for two adults.
The add-on side tent underwent a complete redesign. The new model (referred to in publicity materials as an "Add-a-Room" tent or a "Motent") superficially resembles the late Split-windshield's framed tent in general shape and colors, but is otherwise quite different. For one, the tent's frame is now external, with the canvas supported by elastic loops and plastic hooks, somewhat like a shower curtain. Instead of a single opening front panel, there is a zippered screen door in the middle of the front (side away from the bus) with a small awning flap that can be lowered for wind and rain protection. This tent also features a waterproof floor, and the attachment method on the vehicle side results in a securely closable shelter (i.e., no more gap below the bus floor).
Other WV tents: Various websites "(see links in References section)" provide information about other Westfalia (and otherwise VW-supplied) tents, as well as aftermarket tents supplied by other manufacturers, in the Vanagon and Transporter/Eurovan periods (1980 to present).
Identification.
M-Codes are used to identify the vehicle factory options. Beginning in 1958, a metal plate was riveted to the back of the right front seat. The plate lists the date of manufacture, and various options that were incorporated into the vehicle.
The information included the date of manufacture, the option codes, the export destination, model number and paint finish (typically a durable finish referred to as Nitro-Lacquer), the paint color codes and the VIN or serial number.
M-Code plate.
This plate is located behind the front right rear seat on Volkswagen Buses through 1976. In 1977, the location was moved to sit atop the air duct on the left side, just above the fuse panel.
Options.
Many factory and aftermarket options exist for these campers. Owners of Camping Vans and many Volkswagen clubs manage websites detailing these vehicles and their accessories.
The Volkswagen Camper has become something of an icon in British and American culture, as a symbol of hippy and surf culture that grew in the mid-to-late 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="5964213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964213" title="Spare Parts (EP)">
Spare Parts (EP)

Spare Parts is an EP put out by Servotron between their studio albums. It was released on 10" vinyl and as a CD EP. It is a collection of live tracks and remixes, along with the instrumental studio track All Robots (Report to the Dance Floor). All the songs, with the exception of the aforementioned studio track, have been released in different versions on other albums or singles. The EP is self described as:
"Servotron/Extraneous Source Material Mechanizations and Excessive Reformatted Alternation Sequences to Obliterate all Emotional Responses (specifically hope, desire, courage and compassion) by the Living/SPARE PARTS"
The back cover states:
"All orders given by SERVOTRON. WE ARE THE COLLECTIVE. THE COLLECTIVE IS THE FUTURE. THE FUTURE IS NOW."

</doc>
<doc id="5964219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964219" title="Albano di Lucania">
Albano di Lucania

Albano di Lucania is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5964224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964224" title="Armento">
Armento

Armento is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5964228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964228" title="Ynez Seabury">
Ynez Seabury

Ynez Seabury (June 26, 1907 – April 11, 1973) was an American actress of the stage, silent and early sound film era.
Film and Stage Actress.
Born in Oregon, she was a descendant of one of the first Spanish families of California. Her maternal great-grandfather was Mario Peralta, a founder of Oakland, California. Ynez was in motion pictures by the age of four, having a role as "Little Kathy"in "The Miser's Heart" (1911). She remained on the screen until the late 1940s, appearing in twenty-six movies. Her final role was an uncredited one in "Samson and Delilah" (1949).
Ynez' mother, Charlotte, appeared in stage productions in Los Angeles, California and in Hollywood films. Her father, Forest Seabury, was a character actor who once played in stock productions in the eastern United States. The comic actor Berton Churchill acted with Forest and later with Ynez when she made "Allas the Deacon" (1927), a comedy production of the Hollywood Playhouse. He once told Ynez about holding her as a baby of a year and a half. They watched her father act while standing in the wings. Miss Seabury began her stage career when she was but two years of age.
She trained under such masters as D.W. Griffith. Ynez participated in "His Blossom Bride", a romantic drama of the stage. It was produced by Richard Walton Tully and premiered at the Mason opera house in Los Angeles in March 1928. The scenery and lighting for the play showed an opening prologue in the Painted Desert of Arizona and the Hopi Indian reservation. Members of the Hopi tribe were adopted by Ynez, who portrayed the Indian heroine. She was revered by the Hopi because of her understanding of their lives and ambitions. Before serving as background actors in the production, twenty-nine tribesmen and their chief toured Los Angeles in Cadillacs and La Salles.
The theme of American Indians was also central to "Red Clay" (1924), a film which starred William Desmond and Albert J. Smith. The plot was constructed around an Indian's education and his subsequent social ostracism. In her role as the Indian maid Miss Seabury earned acclaim for the "very fine emotional quality" of her work.
Marriage.
On November 3, 1928 Ynez wed broker Walter William Costello. The marriage culminated a romance of a year.
Radio.
In 1937 she was a member of the cast of the CBS Radio Theater dramatization of "Brewster's Millions", which featured Jack Benny and Mary Livingstone.
Death.
Ynez Seabury died in Sherman Oaks, California on April 11, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="5964231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964231" title="Mickey's Mellerdrammer">
Mickey's Mellerdrammer

"Mickey's Mellerdrammer" is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The title is a corruption of "melodrama", thought to harken back to the earliest minstrel shows, as a film short based on Harriet Beecher Stowe's anti-slavery novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and stars Mickey Mouse and his friends who stage their own production of the novel.
The cartoon shows Mickey Mouse and some of the other characters dressed in blackface with exaggerated, orange lips; bushy, white sidewhiskers made out of cotton; and his now trademark white gloves.
Plot.
In "Mickey's Mellerdrammer", Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Goofy (known then as Dippy Dawg) and others present their own low budget light-hearted rendition of the 19th century Tom Shows for a crowd in a barn converted into a theater for the occasion.
Horace Horsecollar plays the white slave owner Simon Legree. Minnie plays the young white girl Eva. Mickey plays old Uncle Tom with cotton around his ears and chin, and the young slave girl Topsy. Clarabelle Cow plays the slave woman Eliza. Goofy plays the production stage hand.
The cartoon opens with Mickey and Clarabelle Cow in their dressing rooms applying blackface makeup for their roles. The cartoon is much more focused on the Disney characters' efforts to put on the play, than an animated version of Uncle Tom's Cabin. The cartoon contains many images of Mickey and the other characters using makeshift props as sight gags.
The cartoon closes with the characters coming out for a bow, and Horace Horsecollar's character is pelted with rotten tomatoes. When Goofy shows his face from behind the stage, he is hit with a chocolate pie, leaving him in what appears to be blackface.
Ethnic stereotyping.
Stereotyped characterizations of black people were then common, and 'revealed a hostility to emancipation.' "Mickey's Mellerdrammer" was one of many films and cartoons of its era that referenced Uncle Tom's Cabin, and has been cited as 'particularly notable.' Henry Louis Gates Jr., wondered how the cartoon evaded censorship, given that Mickey and Minnie portray Tom and Eva, and are "as they say, an item, and unmistakably so." Additionally, Mickey is seen cross-dressing in the role of Topsy.

</doc>
<doc id="5964237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964237" title="Brienza">
Brienza

Brienza is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
History and legends.
Caracciolo’s Castle on top of a rocky spurdominates the Melandro valley. This former Angevin fortress, now only a ruin rises sheer from the river Pergola.
Recently restored and Monument of Architectural Interest since 1900, the manor retains fragments of its original flooring and two statues, bearing witness to its past.
In summer, the village and the castle are the ideal scenario to hold events and historical commemorations, with exhibitions, concerts, parades and themed evenings.
Medieval village.
The village of Brienza is one of the most interesting Medieval sites in Basilicata. Many churches enrich the artistic and cultural heritage of the area and bear witness to the way in which religion used (and still uses) to dictate the rhythm the daily life of the inhabitants of Basilicata. The most interesting sacred rites take place during the feast of the Holy Crucifix (first Sunday of May and third Sunday of September), celebrated through the representation of the “Incontro” and the “Volo dell’Angelo”.
From 2 to 5 August 2012, the event “Nights in the Castle – Rebel years 1967/1977” will take place, enlivening the Medieval town and the Castle thanks to many international artists, exhibitions, seminars, meetings, book presentations and many other events describing the “10 years of agitation” that changed the history of the World.
Mario Pagano.
Mario Pagano was a philosopher, politician, lawyer, partisan, and a representative of the culture of the Enlightenment in Southern Italy. He was born in Brienza on 8 December 1748 to a family of notaries, and was sentenced to death in Naples on 29 October 1799. After growing up in his home town, he moved to Naples where, after an initial ecclesiastic career, he studied law. He played an important role during the Neapolitan revolution and in the brief experience of the Neapolitan Republic. An idealist and pursuer of justice, he devoted his life to defending the innocent, enacting just laws, and trying to abolish torture as a way of extorting truth during criminal trials. He wrote works of high cultural profile such as "I Saggi Politici" and "Le considerazioni sul processo criminale", and was the almost sole author of the Neapolitan Constitution, which was never adopted.
Secret of the ancient Lucanica.
“Minced meat, packed in a gut, because our soldiers learned how to do it from the Lucanians”. Marco Terenzio Varrone thus described the Lucanica, that is, the sausage, in the 1st century BC giving proof of its geographical origins. In fact, the term Lucanica has always been the synonym for sausage ever since the days of Cicerone and Marziale, who mention it being introduced to Rome by Lucanian slaves. Marco Gavinio Apicio, author of “De Re Coquinaria”, the most famous treatise on ancient Roman cooking, describes the recipe for this sausage in detail. 
Since then, even if the name itself dispels any doubt, many have disputed the fact that this product finds its origins in Basilicata. The Milanese would have the recipe date back to the hands of the Longobard queen Teodolinda and the Venetians claim it goes back to the peoples of the Alpine regions of Trento. 
The Consorzio della Lucanica di Brienza now wants to obtain the Igp for this local product. The production area includes 16 municipalities in the Potenza province, of which Brienza is obviously one, but these also include Tito, Bella, Muro Lucano, Picerno, Sasso di Castalda etc. The Lucanica sausage is characteristically U-shaped, weighs between and is long. Its overwhelming aroma is of wild fennel seeds together with other spices and pepper. There is also a hot and spicy version with the addition of chilli pepper. Made with cuts of pork from the boned shoulder, bacon, tenderloin and minced ham, the Lucanica is stuffed into natural pig gut only. 
After preparation, the sausages then undergo a drying out period (2–7 days) followed by seasoning for at least 21 days. The Lucanica can be sold separately or in air-tight packaging at a controlled temperature, whole, in strings or sliced.
Caciocavallo Podolico cheese.
Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico is one of the most characteristic cheeses of Basilicata. It is only produced with whole milk from the Podolic breed of cow which feeds mainly in the pastures. The Podolic breed is reared in the wild throughout the southern Apennine mountains. In the Basilicata region the cheese is produced in the province of Potenza (at Brienza, Forenza, Viggiano, Atella, San Fele, Calvello, Pescopagano, Pietrapertosa, Tolve and Lagonegro), and in the province of Matera (at Accettura,
Salandra, Stigliano and Ferrandina).
For some time now a process has been undertaken with the purpose, of achieving the European Dop mark for Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico and which has already led to the drafting of production regulations. Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico is a stringy cheese. The milk, which comes entirely from the morning’s milking, must be processed within 24 hours. 
The whole process and the seasoning are governed by the regulations, as are the tools and the ingredient amounts, from the “tina”, the wooden container where the cheese is initially worked, to the quantities and types of curd to be used. Even before the regulations were enforced, the process that leads to producing Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico was codified by centuries-old tradition, handed down in these places by generations of cheese makers and herdsmen. The cheeses are characteristically pear-shaped, hung “by the neck” between the roof beams to mature.
The bouquet is that of the Lucanian woods, rosemary and heather, the fragrance and that particularity that only products of long ago know how to transmit, are the best credentials with which Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico presents itself to the consumers.
At the table.
Lucanian Caciocavallo Podolico deserves to be tasted on its own especially if it has undergone a lengthy seasoning. Before serving it is cut into round slices and then into triangular wedges. Sweet caciocavallo, with a short seasoning, should be accompanied by a regional white wine. Seasoned Caciocavallo deserves to be accompanied by full-bodied red wines, above all Aglianico del Vulture. Finally, if the cheese has been left to mature for more than 24 months, the unusual accompaniment of passito wines, like Moscato di Pantelleria, is advisable. It should also be tasted with the various types of Lucanian honey.
Exodus to the Americas.
Between the late 1800s and early 1900s, there was a mass miragtion of Brienza residents to the Americas, most notably to Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. The Brienza immigrants in Argentina settled in the Mataderos (Nueva Chicago) neighborhood of Buenos Aires. The Argentine community retains a cultural affinity with Brienza through Asociacion Italiana Brienza.
Information.
The Castle and the Medieval village is open on July and August

</doc>
<doc id="5964240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964240" title="Brindisi Montagna">
Brindisi Montagna

Brindisi Montagna is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References.
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5964245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964245" title="Campomaggiore">
Campomaggiore

Campomaggiore is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, Basilicata, southern Italy. It includes a modern settlement which has replaced the original town, destroyed by an avalanche in 1885 and now a ghost town.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5964249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964249" title="Carbone, Basilicata">
Carbone, Basilicata

Carbone is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References.
Carbone is found somewhere between a horse, a moose, and a mule.

</doc>
<doc id="5964256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964256" title="B. J. Symons">
B. J. Symons

Brian James "B. J." Symons (born November 19, 1980) is a former American football quarterback. Symons played professionally for the Houston Texans and the Chicago Bears of the NFL, the Frankfurt Galaxy and Berlin Thunder in NFL Europe, and the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League. He was originally drafted by the Texans in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft (248th overall). He played college football for Texas Tech where he was a record setting passer.
High school career.
Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Symons was a standout quarterback at Cypress Creek High School. Symons completed 126 passes in 228 attempts for 1,597 and 11 touchdowns during senior season and rushed for 411 yards and seven touchdowns and was named first-team all-District 16-5A as a junior and senior. Symons completed 259 passes in 478 attempts for 3,704 yards and 27 touchdowns in two years as a starter during high school career. He was a member of SuperPrep Magazine’s southwest top 100 and was listed as one of the top 100 players in the state by the "Lubbock Avalanche-Journal", "The Dallas Morning News", "Fort Worth Star-Telegram", and "Houston Chronicle". He was also a three-year starting pitcher in baseball for CCHS. Symons was offered scholarships by the Texas Tech Red Raiders and Oklahoma Sooners. Symons chose Texas Tech over Oklahoma, then coached by Spike Dykes. Symons was recruited by Mike Leach while he was the Sooners' offensive coordinator. Leach would later become his head coach in 2000 when he was hired as the head coach of the Red Raiders.
College career.
Symons played for the Red Raiders from 1999-2003. Symons was the second string quarterback for part of his redshirt freshman season in 1999, and backed up Kliff Kingsbury from 2000-2002. From 2000-2002 Symons saw action in 17 games completing 56 passes out of 80 attempts for a 70 % completion rate and 7 touchdown passes in back-up duty.
2003 Season.
Symons started for one season as quarterback for the Texas Tech Red Raiders. During his only season as a starter (his senior year), Texas Tech finished the season 8-5, and Symons broke the NCAA record for single-season passing yards at 5,833 yards. Symons set the NCAA 12-Game Passing Record with 5,336 yards in 2003. He broke Ty Detmer’s record of 5,188, set in 1990 at BYU. Symons also established a new NCAA 12-Game Total Offense Record with 5,476 yards this season. At the time of his graduation Symons held the Big 12 and Tech record with 48 touchdown passes in one season. Symons broke Kliff Kingsbury’s school and Big 12 single-season record of 45 touchdown passes. During the season, B. J. Symons tore his ACL while celebrating a touchdown pass against Iowa State. Although his statistics suffered slightly, he was still able to complete the most prolific season of passing in NCAA history. After finishing his career by extending his single-season passing record to 5,833 yards, he told reporters he will undergo reconstructive surgery on his anterior cruciate ligament. Symons ended his senior year with 52 TD passes, second only to the 54 thrown by Houston's David Klingler in 1994. His favorite target, Wes Welker, tied an NCAA record by catching a pass in his 47th consecutive game.
During the season he had a stretch where he threw for 4,036 yards in just 9 games including 586 yards against North Carolina State University, 661 yards against the University of Mississippi, and 505 yards against Texas A&M University.
2003 Houston Bowl.
Tech was selected to play in the EV1.net Houston Bowl against the Navy Midshipmen at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas, giving Symons the opportunity to play his final collegiate game in his hometown. Symons threw touchdown passes to Nehimiah Glover, Jarrett Hicks, and 2 touchdown passes to Mickey Peters en route to a 38-14 win over Navy. Symons was selected as offensive MVP for the game, capping off his season with 5,833 passing yards and 52 touchdown passes.
Professional career.
In the NFL Combine, Symons weighed 211 pounds, was 6 feet 3 inches, and ran a 5.20-second 40 yard dash. He was selected in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Houston Texans. After spending a season with the Texans, he signed with the Frankfurt Galaxy where he became the starting quarterback. He was then signed and later cut by the Chicago Bears in 2006. Symons then played with the Berlin Thunder for the rest of the season, until the NFL Europe folded. In 2007, he signed with the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League and was the starting quarterback. He was released from his contract when the team went bankrupt in 2009.
NCAA Records.
B. J. Symons is the owner of 11 Individual NCAA FBS records. 
NCAA Records Reference (Last referenced for 2013 season) 
Personal.
Symons graduated from Texas Tech University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Management from the Rawls College of Business. He retired from Football at the end of 2009. He currently resides in Houston where he works in Investment Banking, is married and has a child.

</doc>
<doc id="5964272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964272" title="Hesarak District">
Hesarak District

Hesarak or Hisarak (Pashto: حصارک) is a district in the west of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Its population was estimated at 28,462 in 2002. The district centre is the village of Hesarak. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964275" title="Gregg Goslin">
Gregg Goslin

Gregg Goslin is a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners for the 14th district which includes Barrington, Inverness, Palatine, Rolling Meadows, Arlington Heights, Prospect Heights, Wheeling, Northbrook, Northfield and Glenview.
Early life.
Goslin received his bachelor’s degree in political science and secondary education from Southern Illinois University in 1975 and completed postgraduate study in real estate.
Public service.
Prior to his election as Commissioner, Goslin was a representative in the Illinois House of Representatives.
Cook County Commissioner.
Goslin is the Chairperson for the Revenue Enhancement Committee of the Cook County Forest Preserve District and the Chicago Botanic Garden Committee. He is Vice-Chairperson for the Forest Preserve District and County Audit Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="5964280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964280" title="Shine On (Jet album)">
Shine On (Jet album)

Shine On is the second album by Australian rock band Jet, released on 30 September 2006, in Australia and on 2–3 October 2006, internationally.
The iTunes Store leaked the album in the Australian and United Kingdom stores on 16 September 2006, two weeks before the due release date. After iTunes leaked the album, "Shine On" made its way onto file sharing sites through forums of similar bands and people shared that information on Jet's MySpace page.
On 23 September 2006, Triple J premiered the album on its "Music Specials" show along with interviews with the band. A day later, Nova 100 played the entire album on the radio as a preview.
History.
"NME" first reported in June 2006 that the tracks *"L'esprit D'escalier", "Holiday", "Hey Kids" (for the US version only), "Shiny Magazine", "Eleanor", and "All You Have to Do" were set to appear on the album. "Hey Kids" was released on the "Elektra" soundtrack but the band liked it so much, they revived it for this album. "Rip It Up" was originally titled "Nothing to Lose", and images of the work in progress lyrics can be viewed in the "Shine On" teaser video that was released in August 2006, along with lyrics for "Don't Worry Baby".
Australian newspaper "Herald Sun" described the following tracks prior to the release of "Shine On":
Singles.
On 18 September 2006 the first single, "Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is", was released in the UK. The song went to US radio outlets on 7 August. It was first played on 4 August by Australian radio.
The second single, "Bring It on Back", was released on 20 November in the UK only. For Australia, "Rip It Up" was the second single to be released by Jet, it was released on 27 November. In December, "Shine On" was released as the second single in the US and in March 2007, "Shine On" was released worldwide as the third single. "Bring It on Back" was released in Australia as the fourth single in June.
Reception.
The album debuted at No. 3 on the Australian ARIA Albums chart the week of 8 October 2006 and became the fiftieth highest selling album for 2006, and was certified platinum (70,000+ units shipped). It also debuted and peaked at No. 13 on the Official UK Top 75 Albums Chart and No. 16 on the "Billboard" 200, but quickly fell out of the top 100 within four weeks.
Critical reaction to the album was mixed. British music magazine "NME", for instance, called the record "another joyfully old-fashioned rock 'n' roll album immersed in the classics," while the American review site Pitchfork Media posted a review containing only a video clip of a chimpanzee urinating into its own mouth.
Track listing.
B-sides.
Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is (UK & AUS) (Single) B-Sides
Bring It On Back (UK) / Rip It Up (AUS) (Single) B-Sides
Shine On (UK & AUS) B-Sides
Other B-Sides

</doc>
<doc id="5964297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964297" title="Charles W. Conn">
Charles W. Conn

Dr. Charles William Conn (January 20, 1920 – March 18, 2008) was an American influential figure in the Church of God (Cleveland) whose responsibilities spanned a wide spectrum of positions throughout his ministerial career. He was a native of Riverside, Georgia, a suburb community of Atlanta. He was married for 56 years to wife Edna Minor, who died in 1997, and they had twelve children: Philip, Sara, Stephen, Paul, Sharon, Raymond, Camilla, Mark, Catherine, Bruce, Jeffrey and Melody.
He was president emeritus of Lee University, after serving 12 years (1970–82) as president of Lee College. He was an ordained minister in the Church of God, entering the clergy in 1940. He was general overseer of the Church of God for four years (1966–70) ) and editor-in-chief of Pathway Press for 10 years (1952–62).
Early ministerial career.
Conn accepted Christ on May 1, 1939, and united with the Riverside Church of God near Atlanta, where he was mentored by pastor G. R. Watson. He attended Lee University (then known as the Bible Training School in Sevierville, Tennessee) where he met Edna Minor, a student from Decatur, Alabama, whom he married on April 7, 1941. 
Both felt a calling to full-time Christian ministry. After their marriage, they worked in numerous states in evangelism and youth ministry. Conn served as the Sunday school and youth director for the Church of God in Louisiana before moving to Missouri in 1942, where he and his wife served for six years as pastor of churches in St. Joseph and Leadwood. Conn authored 23 books, including "Like a Mighty Army, Moves the Church of God", the official history of the Church of God, which was first published in 1955. This book has been revised and reissued three times since its initial release, as well as being published in several languages.
Early writing career.
A gifted writer from an early age, Conn first gained widespread attention within the denomination for his writing. He moved to Cleveland, Tennessee in 1948 to become editor of "The Lighted Pathway", a youth-oriented publication, and four years later became editor of the "Church of God Evangel", which was at the time a weekly magazine serving as the official publication of the Church of God. During his period as editor, he was known for writing insightful and memorable editorials and columns, and developed a reputation throughout the denomination for his balanced and progressive leadership.
National influence.
He was elected to serve on the church’s highest administrative body, the Executive Committee, in 1962, where he began a four-year term as assistant general overseer. In 1966, the Church of God elected him to its top executive position. During the four-year tenure as general overseer which followed, he supervised the amalgamation into the denomination of the Bethel Church of Indonesia, which today accounts for 2.5 million members. He also directed the construction of a new headquarters building for the international church, moving its offices to the site at Keith and 25th Streets in Cleveland, Tennessee, which it occupies today. He also emphasized spiritual renewal and the creation of a general program of education to advance sound ministerial preparation, including the projection of a seminary, which was established in 1975. Conn helped foster within the Church of God an acceptance of educational pursuits and an acceptance of broader Christianity. He also emphasized the internationalization of the Church of God and visited each major area of the denomination during his tenure as general overseer. His ministry was characterized by his vision, integrity, and ability to connect with Church of God membership at the grassroots level.
His 12-year presidency of Lee College (now Lee University) was at that time the longest in the institution’s history. During the years of his leadership, the school set new enrollment records, built a married students apartment complex, and an auditorium, which was named the Charles W. Conn Center by the college board of directors in 1978, and made huge strides toward a broad range of academic and civic goals. He would later reflect on his teaching and administrative roles at Lee College as his most enjoyable years in ministry.
Recognition.
Among his numerous honors include being recognized by the denomination in 2002 with the inception of the Charles W. Conn Historical Writing Award, which biennially recognizes authors of outstanding books and articles related to the history and heritage of the Church of God. At that time, the denomination noted that "Charles W. Conn has symbolized the best of historical and literary writing in the Church of God for over 50 years... writings are the standard by which future historical writings will be judged." In 2003 Lee University established the Charles W. Conn Servant Leadership Scholarship to emphasize the importance of serving others and recognize students who demonstrate an outstanding commitment to service during their time at Lee. In addition, students who receive this scholarship give a portion of the proceeds to a charity of their choice. Each of these honors reflects the life and ministry of Dr. Conn and help continue his legacy among a new generation.
Conn's interests included classical music, literature, history, world travel, photography, and writing poetry. 
Conn died Tuesday, March 18, 2008, in a Chattanooga, Tennessee hospital, following a heart attack which he suffered four days earlier.
Career in the Church of God.
United as a member: Riverside Church of God near Atlanta, Georgia, 1939
First Licensed: September 16, 1940 - Ordained: March 28, 1946
Sunday School and Youth Director of Louisiana, 1940–1941
Pastorates: St. Joseph, Missouri (1942–1944)
Leadwood, Missouri (1944–1948)
Director of Sunday School and Youth Literature, 1948–1952
Editor of "The Lighted Pathway", 1948–1952
Editor-In-Chief of Church of God Publications, 1952–1962
Executive Council, 1952–1960; 1962–1974; 1976–1980; 1982–1984; 1986–1990
General Executive Committee, 1952–1956; 1962–1970
Public Relations Director, 1960–1962
Radio and Television Board, 1962–1964
Executive Director of Ministry to the Military, 1962–1966
Assistant General Overseer, 1962–1966
National Laymen’s Board, 1964–1966
General Overseer, 1966–1970
President of Lee College, 1970–1982
Overseer of Virginia, 1982–1984
Official Historian of the Church of God, 1977–2008
Centennial Commission, Chairman 1980-1986
Interdenominational career.
Presidium, Pentecostal World Conference (now the Pentecostal World Fellowship), 1966–1970
Executive Committee, Pentecostal Fellowship of North America (now the Pentecostal-Charismatic Churches of North America), 1962–1970
Board of Directors, National Association of Evangelicals, 1966–1970
Books by Charles W. Conn.
"Like A Mighty Army, Moves the Church of God" (1955)
"Pillars of Pentecost" (1956)
"The Evangel Reader: Selections from the" Church of God Evangel, 1910-1958 (1958)
"Where The Saints Have Trod: A History of Church of God Missions" (1959)
"The Rudder and the Rock" (1960)
"The Bible: Book of Books" (1961)
"A Guide To The Pentateuch" (1963)
"Christ and the Gospels" (1964)
"A Certain Journey" (1965)
"Acts of the Apostles" (1965)
"Why Men Go Back: Studies in Defection and Devotion" (1966)
"A Survey of the Epistles" (1969)
"The Pointed Pen: The Maxims of Charles W. Conn" (1973)
"Highlights of Hebrew History" (1975)
"A Balanced Church" (1975)
"What is the Church?" (1975)
"The Relevant Record" (1976)
"Like A Mighty Army: A History of the Church of God, 1886-1976" (Revised Edition 1977)
"Poets and Prophets of Israel" (1981)
"Cradle of Pentecost: North Cleveland Church of God" (1981)
"The Anatomy of Evil" (1981)
"Images of a People: An Album of Church of God History" (1986)
"Our First 100 Years, 1886-1986: A Retrospective" (1986)
"The Living Book: A Disciples Guide to Understanding the Bible" (1989)
"When Your Upright World Turns Upside Down: Coping with the Tragedies of Life" (1990)
"Like A Mighty Army: A History of the Church of God, 1886-1995" (Definitive Edition 1996)

</doc>
<doc id="5964302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964302" title="Flashpoint (film)">
Flashpoint (film)

Flashpoint (1984) is a film starring Kris Kristofferson and Treat Williams. Rip Torn, Jean Smart, Kurtwood Smith, and Tess Harper also co-star. The movie was directed by William Tannen and based on a novel by George La Fountaine. This was the first theatrical film produced by Home Box Office (in association with Silver Screen Partners).
It is one of at least five American films to present a dramatization portraying the Kennedy assassination as a conspiracy (the others being the 1973 David Miller film "Executive Action", starring Robert Ryan and Burt Lancaster, Oliver Stone's 1991 movie "JFK", Warren Beatty's 1974 movie "The Parallax View" and Neil Burger's 2002 mockumentary "Interview with the Assassin").
Synopsis.
Two Texas-based United States Border Patrol Agents, Logan (Kris Kristofferson) and Wyatt (Treat Williams), are tasked by their obnoxious boss (Kevin Conway) to begin planting motion-detection sensors in their sector at the Federal government's request, something that Wyatt believes will lead to many of the Patrol being forcibly retired and the remaining agents stuck behind computer screens all day. While Logan and Wyatt are planting a sensor, they discover a Jeep buried in the desert containing a man's skeleton (identified as Michael F. Curtis from San Antonio), a high-powered rifle, and $800,000 in cash. Logan wants to use the money to finance their escape from their brutally hard jobs and uncertain futures, while Wyatt is reluctant; they agree to put out the Jeep's license plate information to the Sheriff's department, and later discuss the matter with Sheriff Wells (Rip Torn) who tells Logan his father Matt was a hero. They take the money to a source Logan trusts and learn the bills are legitimate but somewhat unusual, as many of them were circulated directly from the Federal Reserve in Dallas and are all dated between 1962 and 1963.
Before long, Federal agent Carson (Kurtwood Smith) arrives at the Border Patrol station, ostensibly to track the sensoring system and take control of the planned bust of a major drug trafficker. However, Logan quickly dislikes and distrusts Carson, who talks way too much about Logan's heroic Vietnam War service and self-imposed exile from high-level government activities, and who later appears to deliberately blow Wyatt's cover when the team members are moving in to arrest the trafficker. Later on, Logan and Wyatt learn that their unlikable supervisor has been promoted to a job in Washington, leaving Carson as temporary head of the station. They then see an Army team taking custody of the Jeep and securing the area, and then drive to a nearby location where an old man was killed and his trailer burnt down. They figure out that two frenemy BP agents (played by Guy Boyd and Miguel Ferrer) were at the trailer site and are now missing, and find their vehicles at a house where the agents have been tortured and killed inside.
Logan is ready to leave town for good, but Carson first sends him on a solo mission to see if they can catch the trafficker from earlier. Logan finds the site is being guarded by other agents, and heads out to find the missing Wyatt, only to discover he's been stabbed to death at a remote area with Logan's duty knife. Logan is then shot and wounded by Carson and two of his agents, as other Federal agents have been tracking him with on-person surveillance gear and are awaiting his death. However, Logan's wartime skills kick in despite his injuries, and he conceals himself enough to kill two of the agents who are after him and blow a hole in Carson's leg. When Carson tries to get away, Logan confronts him and asks "Why?". Carson curses at him and raises his gun, leading Logan to kill Carson with six quickly spaced gunshots into his chest.
Logan returns to a burnt-out bunker where he and Wyatt had stored the items they took from the discovered Jeep, and holds up a rifle that he recognizes as the one that killed John F. Kennedy. Sheriff Wells has been tracking Logan as well, and shows up to confirm that Michael Curtis, not Lee Harvey Oswald, assassinated JFK, and that the U.S. Government, along with help from the Dallas Police Department, orchestrated the events of November 22, 1963. Wells tells Logan he was told to provide the money and papers so Curtis could enter Mexico from Texas, but Curtis never showed up in Mexico and Logan and Wyatt's discovery brought his nightmares back after many years. Logan expects Wells to kill him, but Wells instead tells Logan he needs to take the $800,000 and flee to Mexico himself, otherwise he'll be gunned down when he tries to present the truth to the world. Wells says he'll buy him some time until Carson's men arrive, saying "Whatever happens should have happened years ago." Logan pledges to return, Wells wryly says he'll let them know that, and Logan drives off towards an uncertain future as the movie ends.

</doc>
<doc id="5964316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964316" title="Kiev Railway Station">
Kiev Railway Station

Kiev Railway Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5964317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964317" title="2000–01 in Portuguese football">
2000–01 in Portuguese football

The 2000/01 Portuguese football season saw a new champion: Boavista FC became the 5th club ever to win the championship, surprising many by securing the title in the 33rd of 34 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5964325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964325" title="Decasia">
Decasia

Decasia is a 2002 American found footage film by Bill Morrison, featuring an original score by Michael Gordon. The film is a meditation on old, decaying silent films. It begins and ends with scenes of a dervish and is bookended with old footage showing how film is processed. Nothing was done to accelerate the decomposition the actual film prints, some of which were copied from the University of South Carolina's Moving Image Research Collections.
The film's musical soundtrack features several detuned pianos and an orchestra playing out of phase with itself, adding to the fractured and decomposing nature of the film.
Two films have been positively identified: J. Farrell MacDonald's "The Last Egyptian" (1914), written, produced, and based on the novel by L. Frank Baum, and William S. Hart's "Truthful Tulliver" (1916).
In 2013 Decasia was selected for preservation by the National Film Registry. It was the first film from the 21st century to be selected and to date is the youngest film to be preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="5964332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964332" title="Pushkin High School">
Pushkin High School

Pushkin High School is a comprehensive school in the city of Berezniki in Perm Krai oblast, Russia. Former Russian president Boris Yeltsin was educated there.
There is also a high school by the same name in the city of Syktyvkar in Komi, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5964334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964334" title="Atheris hispida">
Atheris hispida

Atheris hispida is a venomous viper species endemic to Central Africa. It is known for its extremely keeled dorsal scales that give it an almost bristly appearance. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
The males of this species grow to maximum total length of : body , tail . Females grow to a maximum total length of . The males are surprisingly long and slender compared to the females.
The head has a short snout, more so in males than in females. The eyes are large and surrounded by 9-16 circumorbital scales. The orbits (eyes) are separated by 7-9 scales. The nostril is like a slit and separated from the eye by two scales. The eye and the supralabials are separated by a single row of scales. The supralabials number 7-10, of which the fourth is enlarged. The body is covered with elongated, heavily keeled dorsal scales that give this species a "shaggy", almost bristly appearance. The scales around the head and neck are the longest, decreasing posteriorly. Midbody, the dorsal scales are in 15-19 rows. There are 149-166 ventral scales and 35-64 subcaudals. The anal scale is single.
Common names.
Rough-scaled bush viper, spiny bush viper, hairy bush viper, rough-scaled tree viper, African hairy bush viper, hairy viper.
The common name "hairy bush viper" should, however, be avoided for this species, as it will likely be confused with "Atheris hirsuta" Ernst & Rödel, 2002, the specific name for which means "hairy".
Geographic range.
Central Africa: DR Congo, south-west Uganda, west Kenya. The type locality given is "Lutunguru, Kivu" (DR Congo).
More specifically, Spawls & Branch (1995) describe the distribution as isolated populations in Kivu and Orientale Provinces in DR Congo, southeastern Ruwenzori in Uganda and the Kakamega Forest in western Kenya.
Behavior.
Capable of climbing reeds and stalks, this species is often found basking on top of flowers and terminal leaves. Mostly nocturnal.
Feeding.
Feeds on mammals, frogs, lizards, and sometimes birds. Sometimes hunts for mammalian prey on the ground.
Reproduction.
Females give birth to up to 12 young at a time. Newborns are about in total length.
Venom.
Not much is known about their venom except that it is mainly neurotoxic, Besides the neurotoxins, they also carry cytotoxins and fasciculins. Toxicity of individual specimens within the same species and subspecies can vary greatly based on several factors, including geographical region. Even the weather and altitude can influence toxicity (Ernst and Zug et al. 1996). A bite can be fatal to humans without access to proper first aid and subsequent antivenom treatment. Until recently, their venom has often been regarded as less toxic than that of many other species, perhaps because bites are uncommon,but this turned out not to be the case. There are now a number of reports of bites that have led to severe hemorrhaging of internal organs. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964335" title="Contingent workforce">
Contingent workforce

A contingent workforce is a provisional group of workers who work for an organization on a non-permanent basis, also known as freelancers, independent professionals, temporary contract workers, independent contractors or consultants. Contingent Workforce Management (CWM) is the strategic approach to managing an organization's contingent workforce in a way that it reduces the company's cost in the management of contingent employees and mitigates the company's risk in employing them.
Trends.
According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), the nontraditional workforce includes "multiple job holders, contingent and part-time workers, and people in alternative work arrangements." These workers currently represent a substantial portion of the U.S. workforce, and "nearly four out of five employers, in establishments of all sizes and industries, use some form of nontraditional staffing." "People in alternative work arrangements" includes independent contractors, employees of contract companies, workers who are on call, and temporary workers.
Drivers of growth.
Among several other contributing factors, globalization has had a large impact on the growth in using contingent labor. Globalization contributes to rapid growth in industries, increased outsourcing, and a need for flexibility and agility to remain competitive. By engaging contract workers, organizations are able to be agile and save costs. The contingent workforce acts as a variable workforce for companies to select from to perform specific projects or complete specialized projects. Also as organizations make efforts to be more agile and to quickly respond to change in order to be more competitive, they turn to the contingent workforce to have on-demand access to professionals and experts. Organizations also see the opportunity to reduce benefits and retirement costs by engaging the contingent workforce. However, there is risk involved in avoiding these costs if an employee is improperly classified as a contingent worker. Using the contingent workforce is also cost-effective in that using contingent labor allows for adjustments to employment levels and employment costs depending on what kind of expertise and labor is need and at what time it is needed.
Trends in the contingent workforce are also impacted by the economy. A study conducted by the MPS Group shows the relationship between the contingent labor cycle and the state of the economy. In a bullish economy, the demand for contingent labor is strong. This is most likely because organizations are trying to grow with the economy, and using contingent workers allows them to work with experts when needed, without the long-term costs of hiring them.<br>
A knowledge-driven economy also contributes to the growth in the use of the contingent workforce because organizations rely more on their specific and expert knowledge and expertise. As demand increases for highly skilled and knowledgeable people, the expertise of contract workers becomes more attractive.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5964336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964336" title="Fastest lap">
Fastest lap

In motorsport, the fastest lap is the quickest lap run during a race. Some series, like the discontinued A1 Grand Prix and the current GP2 series, award bonus points to the driver/team with the fastest lap. In Formula One, where until drivers were awarded a point for setting fastest lap, Michael Schumacher holds the current record for the most fastest laps with .
In Grand Prix motorcycle racing no point is awarded for the fastest lap. Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the most fastest laps with 117. 
Formula 1.
In Formula One, 126 different drivers have made fastest race laps. German driver Michael Schumacher has achieved the highest number of fastest laps with . He is followed by Frenchman Alain Prost with 41 and Finnish driver Kimi Räikkönen with . Since , an award is given to the driver with the most fastest laps in a season.
Fastest laps are often set during the final laps of a race. Lap times often increase as tracks get "rubbered in" and fuel weights go down as a race progresses.
Setting the fastest lap is often considered an unofficial consolation prize for a driver that has had an incident that precluded a podium finish.
Grand Prix motorcycle racing.
In Grand Prix motorcycle racing, which includes the 80cc, 125cc, 250cc, 350cc, 500cc, Moto3, Moto2 and MotoGP classes, Giacomo Agostini holds the record for the most fastest laps with 117. Valentino Rossi, who still actively races in MotoGP, is second with 88 fastest laps and Ángel Nieto is third with 81.

</doc>
<doc id="5964363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964363" title="Denis J. Driscoll">
Denis J. Driscoll

Denis Joseph Driscoll (March 27, 1871 – January 18, 1958) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Denis J. Driscoll was born in North Lawrence, New York. He attended the Lawrenceville Academy, and State Teachers’ College in Potsdam, New York. He taught school in Potsdam in 1888 and 1889 and in St. Marys, Pennsylvania, in 1890 and 1891. He was principal of public schools in St. Marys from 1892 to 1897.
He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1898, and on the same day enlisted as a private in the Sixteenth Regiment, Pennsylvania National Guard, which on that day had been called for service in the Spanish-American War.
After the war he commenced the practice of law in St. Marys. He was a member of the Democratic State committee from 1899 to 1922, serving as chairman in 1905. He was the chief burgess of St. Marys from 1903 to 1906, president of St. Marys School Board from 1911 to 1936, and a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1916 and 1920. He served as United States Attorney for the western district of Pennsylvania in 1920 and 1921.
Driscoll was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936.
He was appointed chairman of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for a ten-year term in 1937, and he resigned from this position to accept an appointment in 1940, by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, as one of two trustees in the reorganization of the bankrupt Associated Gas and Electric Corporation, and served until August 1946. He died in St. Marys and is buried in St. Marys Catholic Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5964383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964383" title="Pit manager">
Pit manager

A pit boss (more commonly known today as the pit manager) is the person who looks after the employees who work in a casino pit. The job of the pit boss is to watch the floormen, who are the supervisors for table games dealers in a casino. One pit boss monitors all floormen in the pit; there is usually one floorman for every three dealers. The floormen correct minor mistakes but if a serious gaming discrepancy arises (such as duplicate cards being found in a deck), it is the job of the pit boss to sort it out. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964392" title="Saint Gabriel Possenti Society">
Saint Gabriel Possenti Society

The Saint Gabriel Possenti Society is an organization promoting the public recognition of St. Gabriel Possenti, including lobbying for his designation by the Vatican as the Patron Saint of hand gun owners.
The Society was founded in 1989 by John Snyder, a Catholic layman and gun lobbyist, to broaden public support for self-defense through gun ownership and to promote the "historical, philosophical and theological bases for the doctrine of legitimate self-defense."
St. Gabriel Possenti was a Catholic seminarian whose marksmanship and proficiency with handguns allegedly saved the village of Isola del Gran Sasso near Teramo from a band of 20 marauding bandits in 1860. This is in reference to an apocryphal story mentioned in one biography of the saint, but is not mentioned in other independently researched biographies of the saint, in particular early sources of the saint’s life make no mention of it making such an incident seem unlikely as, among other things, St. Gabriel Possenti was in the later stages of tuberculosis.

</doc>
<doc id="5964402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964402" title="Rice Music">
Rice Music

Rice Music is a Japanese record label owned by Up-Front Works, a Japanese entertainment management company. The label is handled by King Records. The label tends to focus on enka or enka-inspired pop music. Internationally the label is most famous for being home to Hello! Project artist Yuki Maeda.
Artists.
Roster per 14 July 2006:

</doc>
<doc id="5964420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964420" title="It's Not Just You, Murray!">
It's Not Just You, Murray!

"It's Not Just You, Murray!" (1964) is a short film directed by Martin Scorsese. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964426" title="River (disambiguation)">
River (disambiguation)

A river is a flowing body of water.
River or Rivers may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5964445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964445" title="Christmas (disambiguation)">
Christmas (disambiguation)

Christmas is one of the major Christian holidays
Christmas can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5964451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964451" title="Pterinochilus">
Pterinochilus

Pterinochilus is a genus of baboon spiders, first described in 1897 by British zoologist Reginald Innes Pocock. The type species is "P. vorax".

</doc>
<doc id="5964452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964452" title="Charles E. Dietrich">
Charles E. Dietrich

Charles Elmer Dietrich (July 30, 1889–May 20, 1942) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Charles E. Dietrich was born in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Wyoming Seminary in Kingston, Pennsylvania, in 1907. He owned and operated a theater from 1914 to 1942. He was engaged in agricultural pursuits from 1924 to 1942. He served as prothonotary and clerk of the courts of Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, from 1920 to 1935. He was a delegate to the 1932 Democratic National Convention. 
Dietrich was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936. He resumed former business pursuits, and died in Tunkhannock. Interment in Sunnyside Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5964465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964465" title="Chintara Sukapatana">
Chintara Sukapatana

Chintara Sukapatana (; ), born Chittima Sukapatana (; , January 22, 1965 in Samut Prakan Province, Thailand) is a Thai film actress. Her best-known role was as "Trinh" in the 1987 Hollywood film, "Good Morning, Vietnam", in which she co-starred opposite Robin Williams. At the time, she was a student at Krirk University.

</doc>
<doc id="5964470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964470" title="Carrington-Covert House">
Carrington-Covert House

The Carrington-Covert House is a historic commerce building in downtown Austin, Texas; it serves as the headquarters of the Texas Historical Commission. It was built in 1857, less than 20 years after Austin was founded, making it one of the few surviving pre-Civil War structures in the city. The building has served many purposes and from 1903 to 1936 was the home of the Covert family, which opened the first car dealership in central Texas in 1909 and still owns several local dealerships.
The building is located at 1511 Colorado Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. The Carrington-Covert House was turned over to the Texas Historical Commission to serve as the agency's headquarters in 1971.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text.
Leonidas D. Carrington (1816–1897) and his wife, Martha Hill Carrington (1824–1859) came to Austin from Mississippi in 1852. He began to accumulate real estate and on Sept. 15, 1853, bought this block from James M. W. Hall, Austin hotelman, and ten days later opened a mercantile store on Congress Avenue. In 1856 Carrington hired John Brandon, a local architect-contractor, to build on this site a vernacular Greek revival home, constructed of rough limestone ashlar. The house was completed in the spring of 1857. The property was purchased by M. L. Hemphill in 1870 and by the John Fields family in 1881. Fields leased the building, 1893–98, to the "Texas Eyes, Ear and Throat Hospital," directed by Dr. Henry L. Hilgartner (1868–1937), and in 1903, sold this site to Frank M. Covert (1865–1938), the head of a prominent Austin family, who lived here until 1936. Later owners rented the structure as a boarding house, residence, and nursery until it was purchased by the State of Texas in 1968. The Texas Historical Commission restored the house in 1972. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark-1962

</doc>
<doc id="5964472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964472" title="Stand Your Ground (Little Barrie album)">
Stand Your Ground (Little Barrie album)

Stand Your Ground is the second album by the band Little Barrie. The album is produced by Dan the Automator and Mike "Prince Fatty" Pelanconi. The band went for a more straight rock’n’roll sound in their own words as 
They choose to work with The Automator 
Drumming on the record are new band recruit Billy Skinner and the Blues Explosion's Russell Simins.
Hubert Sumlin joined the band in the studio, though he didn't appear in the final recording.
Some songs in Cadogan's words: 

</doc>
<doc id="5964475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964475" title="Arabic Supplement">
Arabic Supplement

Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes Arabic letter variants mostly used for writing African (non-Arabic) languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964477" title="STS 71">
STS 71

STS 71 is a fossilized skull of the species "Australopithecus africanus". It was discovered in Sterkfontein, South Africa by Robert Broom in 1947. In 1972 John Wallace connected STS 71 with STS 36, a lower jaw found in the same layer, by matching the wear patterns on the teeth.
It is estimated to be 2.5 million years old.
Its characteristics include a smaller cranium and facial features than other female Australopithecines finds yet the size of the teeth indicate this specimen to be male. The face shows forward projection and the position of the temporal lines high on the cranium indicate large chewing muscles. The brain is 428cc.

</doc>
<doc id="5964483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964483" title="Victory Junction Gang Camp">
Victory Junction Gang Camp

Victory Junction is a camp for children with chronic medical conditions or serious illnesses located in Randleman, North Carolina, USA. It is part of the SeriousFun Children's Network, formerly the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps.
History.
Adam Petty who was a teenage stock car driver (as well as the son of veteran Kyle Petty), not only had a passion for racing, but a passion for helping others. Between races, Adam took the time to visit pediatric hospitals and spent time with children who were battling chronic illnesses. In 2000, Adam tragically lost his life in a racing accident at New Hampshire International Raceway when he was only 19 years old. To honor his memory, the Petty family gathered their strength and, as a part of their healing process, challenged themselves to build a place where seriously ill children could experience life and celebrate being a kid. 
On June 20, 2004, Father's Day in the U.S., Victory Junction welcomed its first campers.
Facilities.
Victory Junction is open year-round and can accommodate about 128 campers at a time. Victory Junction is a state-of-the-art facility, offering innovative and accessible programs that are purposefully designed to provide endless possibilities for campers. Victory Junction had the honor of serving children from all 50 states and six foreign countries.
Facilities at Victory Junction include a climate controlled water park, a 24-hour medical facility staffed by caring pediatric and disease-specific professionals educated to each camper's unique healthcare needs, a horse barn providing therapeutic recreation for campers through the opportunity to experience horseback riding as well as interaction with donkeys, llamas, sheep and more.
A complete list of the camps current facilities:

</doc>
<doc id="5964505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964505" title="Alan Dapre">
Alan Dapre

Alan Dapré (born 1965) is a British writer who has successfully written for television, radio and publishers for over 20 years. He worked as a creative and originator for Ragdoll Productions for eight years, and his episodes of Brum, Boohbah and Blips are broadcast worldwide. He co-wrote with Robin Stevens and with Joel Wilenius developed many quirky stories and characters for the new BBC show, Tronji. 
Alan Dapré is author of over 60 books for children, and 'Everything You Need To Know When You're Eight' was read in audio book form by Tony Robinson. Alan Dapré has written plays for BBC Radio 4 including 'Stranger In The Home' - a monologue read by Bernard Hepton. His play 'Comeback' was staged at the Nottingham Playhouse in 1987 with performances by Philip Middlemiss and William Ivory. His popular plays for Primary schools help developing readers gain fluency. Formerly a Deputy Headteacher in Nottingham and primary school teacher at Haddon primary and nursery school Nottingham, Alan Dapré now lives in Glasgow with his wife Kate and young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5964526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964526" title="Screenplay (film)">
Screenplay (film)

Screenplay, is a 1984 gay pornographic film directed by Steve Scott, starring Lee Ryder. Lee Ryder plays a drifter who wanders into the shooting of a porn film, shot on location in Palm Springs, California, at the Lost World Resort.
Critical review.
'"From camerawork to editing, this video rates 100% in all departments." – "Advocate Men" 
The Gay Critics Association selected "Screenplay" as the Best Gay Film of 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5964541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964541" title="Charles Paul Conn">
Charles Paul Conn

Charles Paul Conn (born December 23, 1945) is President of Lee University in Cleveland, Tennessee.
Paul Conn became president of Lee University in 1986. During his presidency the university has seen significant growth in the form of increased enrollment, from 1,214 to just over 4,000 in the fall of 2006.Also since the beginning of Conn's presidency the overall campus has been modernized and has physically grown significantly. Conn's tenure has also ushered in much financial growth for Lee University with a quadrupling of the school's total budget. [http://www.leeuniversity.edu/about/miscellaneous/president.asp
Education.
Conn acquired his undergraduate degree in religion from Lee University (then Lee College). He received an M.A. and a Ph.D. in psychology from Emory University (Atlanta, GA) and subsequently went on to spend three years at Harvard University (Boston, Mass.) as a postdoctoral Visiting Scholar[http://www.leeuniversity.edu/president/].
Professional background.
Before becoming president, Conn served on the Lee College psychology faculty for 15 or so years.During this time he won the school's highest award for "Excellence in Teaching" and later served as chair of the Department of Behavioral Sciences. [http://www.leeuniversity.edu/about/miscellaneous/president.asp Before his presidency he also taught at Appalachian State University (North Carolina) and his research has been published in various journals, including "The Journal of Experimental Psychology" and "The Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior".
In 1984, Conn was appointed Vice President of Institutional Advancement. After serving in this position for two years he was appointed President of Lee College (now Lee University) in 1986. However, despite his status as president Conn has continued teaching in the Department of Behavioral and Social Sciences during his administration at Lee.
In January 2007 Conn was appointed to the national board of directors of the Council of Independent Colleges for a three year term.[http://www.cic.edu/about/board.asp] 
Freelance writing career.
In addition to his success at Lee University, Conn also has a second career as a free-lance writer. He has authored or co-authored 20 popular books, sharing by-lines with such personalities as Johnny Cash, pro football star Terry Bradshaw, Kentucky Governor Julian Carroll, and businessmen Jack Eckerd and Richard DeVos. Four of his books have been listed on the "New York Times" bestseller list, and his book "The Possible Dream" was the #7 bestselling non-fiction book of 1977, according to "Publishers Weekly".
Conn's Writings.
"Battle for Africa", by Brother Andrew with Charles Paul Conn
"Believe", by Richard M. DeVos with Charles Paul Conn
"Dad, Mom, and the Church", by Charles Paul Conn
"Disguised", by Patricia Moore with Charles Paul Conn
"Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription", by Jack Eckerd and Charles Paul Conn
"Father Care", by Charles Paul Conn
"Hooked on a Good Thing", by Sammy Hall with Charles Paul Conn
"Julian Carroll of Kentucky", by Charles Paul Conn
"Just Off Chicken Street", by Floyd McClung, Jr. with Charles Paul Conn
"Kathy", by Barbara Miller and Charles Paul Conn
"The Magnificent Three", by Nicky Cruz with Charles Paul Conn
"Making it Happen", by Charles Paul Conn
"Music Makers: A Profile of the Lee Singers", by Charles Paul Conn
"The New Johnny Cash", by Charles Paul Conn
"No Easy Game", by Terry Bradshaw with Charles Paul Conn
"The Possible Dream: A Candid Look at Amway", by Charles Paul Conn
"The Power of Positive Students", by Dr. William Mitchell with Dr. Charles Paul Conn
"Promises to Keep: The Amway Phenomenon and How it Works", by Charles Paul Conn
"An Uncommon Freedom", by Charles Paul Conn
"The Winner’s Circle", by Charles Paul Conn
References.
1. Meet the President: http://www.leeuniversity.edu/president/
2. Lee University Official Website: http://www.leeuniversity.edu/
3. Meet the President: http://www.leeuniversity.edu/president/
4. Meet the President: http://www.leeuniversity.edu/president/

</doc>
<doc id="5964542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964542" title="Christmas (surname)">
Christmas (surname)

Christmas is a relatively rare surname, which is sometimes said to have been a byname given to a person born at Christmas. However, others dispute this interpretation.
A few hundred years ago, the English language had no fast system of spelling rules. When literacy was still uncommon, spelling
variations are often found in names with Anglo-Saxon origins which are transcribed based . Words were transcribed using their pronunciation when names are listed in public records.
The byname was spelled "Cristemass" in 1185 and 1191, and "Cristesmesse" in 1308. The name is principally found in Essex and Sussex counties in England where some records suggest that they held a family seat during ancient times..
At least fifty (50) women called Mary have married a man with the surname of Christmas over the past 170 years to become Mary Christmas. In December 2012, living Mrs. Mary Christmas from Hull, England was featured online as a woman with a year-round Yuletide spirit. She is a wife to a certain Leeroy Christmas.
The earliest known record on Mary Christmas was discovered in 1837 when Mary Cannon married a Mr. Christmas in Alton, Hampshire and set herself up for years of festive ribbing.

</doc>
<doc id="5964557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964557" title="Baltasar Lobo">
Baltasar Lobo

Baltasar Lobo (February 22, 1910 - September 4, 1993) was a Spanish artist, anarchist and sculptor best known for his compositions depicting mother and child.
Life.
Born in Cerecinos de Campos, Zamora, Spain, he moved to Paris, France in 1939 where his sculpting would be influenced by Constantin Brâncuși and Jean Arp. Lobo's art was exhibited at the Galerie Vendôme on the Rue de la Paix along with notables such as Henri Matisse, Fernand Léger, Maurice Utrillo and Pablo Picasso.
Work.
Baltasar Lobo was one of the artists who contributed to the Ciudad Universitaria de Caracas project and did the illustrations for the English translation of "Platero y Yo" by Juan Ramon Jimenez. In 1948, Spain awarded him the Premio Nacional de las Artes Plásticas.
Museum.
Baltasar Lobo died in 1993 and was buried in Paris in the Cimetière du Montparnasse. The Museo Baltasar Lobo (museum) is in the city of Zamora, Spain near his birthplace.

</doc>
<doc id="5964559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964559" title="Kites (song)">
Kites (song)

"Kites" is a ballad written by Hal Hackady and Lee Pockriss.
It was a hit for Simon Dupree and the Big Sound, the group of the Shulman brothers who went on to form the progressive band Gentle Giant. Their first releases had not been successful and they looked to their manager, John King, for inspiration. He suggested the "Kites" ballad, which he had obtained from Robbins' Music. This was not their preferred style but King insisted. 
The song was recorded at Abbey Road using unconventional instruments such as a wind machine and included a spoken interlude in Chinese, composed of "sweet nothings" and performed by the actress Jacqui Chan, a friend of the band. The single reached number 8 in the UK in late 1967 and as an exemplar of the early psychedelic rock style it has since appeared on many compilations, especially those themed around psychedelia.

</doc>
<doc id="5964568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964568" title="Red Eye Records">
Red Eye Records

Red Eye Records is a Sydney-based Australian independent record label started in 1985 by graphic designer John Foy. Its debut release was a solo single from ex-Hoodoo Gurus drummer James Baker issued as The James Baker Experience. It also ran two other spin off labels Black Eye Records and Third Eye. 
The label went on to release The Cruel Sea, John Kennedy's Love Gone Wrong, The Bhagavad Guitars, The Beasts of Bourbon, The Crystal Set, Steve Kilbey, Curious (Yellow), Deniz Tek, Robert Frost, Growl, The Tall Shirts, The Clouds, Drop City, The Scientists and Kim Salmon and the Surrealists. In 1990 the label was distributed through Polydor who later acquired Red Eye closing it as an imprint moving some acts across to Universal.
Red Eye Records operates a large independent retail store and mail order business in Sydney, located at 143 York Street. Established in 1981, the shop retains the name and logo, but is involved in music retail only and no longer involved in the operation of the Red Eye Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="5964572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964572" title="Werner Wnendt">
Werner Wnendt

Werner Wnendt is a German diplomat and statesman. He was the head of Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) mission in Kosovo. He was responsible for reporting Kosovo developments to the EU and OSCE and is considered an expert in Kosovo matters in Western Europe. His mission in Kosovo ended in 2007. Wnendt is currently the ambassador of Germany to Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5964576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964576" title="Gurley Precision Instruments">
Gurley Precision Instruments

Gurley Precision Instruments, or GPI, is an ISO-9001 certified U.S. manufacturing company based in Troy, New York.
History.
Gurley Enterprise was established by William Gurley and Lewis E. Gurley in 1845, brothers who were both alumni of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. In 1885 Gurley started making Hydrologic equipment and in the early 1900s acquired many new fields including paper testing equipment and thermometers. During World War II Gurley won the Army-Navy ‘E’ Award for their contribution to the war effort. In the 1950s the company started producing optical encoders. Teledyne Corporation acquired W. & L. E. Gurley in 1968. In 1993 Gurley was sold again and became Gurley Precision Instruments.
The W. & L. E. Gurley Building in Troy was named a National Historic Landmark in 1983.
Units of Measurement.
GPI has been responsible for the creation of two commonly used units of measure. These units were so named due to the association with the devices used for their measurement.
Porosity.
The Gurley second or Gurley unit is a unit describing the number of seconds required for 100 cubic centimeters (1 deciliter) of air to pass through 1.0 square inch of a given material at a pressure differential of 4.88 inches of water (0.176 psi)(ISO 5636-5:2003).
Stiffness.
The Gurley unit is a measure of the stiffness of a material. The measurement device holds a piece of material vertically and tests the force required to deflect the material a given amount. One Gurley unit is equivalent to one milligram of force
, however the Gurley unit also implies measurement with this apparatus. A related unit, the Taber, is highly correlated but uses a different apparatus (manufactured by Taber Industries) for performing measurements.

</doc>
<doc id="5964595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964595" title="HMS Vixen (1865)">
HMS Vixen (1865)

HMS "Vixen" was an armoured composite gunboat, the only ship of her class, and the third ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name. She was the first Royal Navy vessel to have twin propellers.
Design.
Designed by the Admiralty, "Vixen" was a half-sister to and , and all three were built mostly as experimental vessels. While "Viper" and "Vixen" were twin screw vessels, "Waterwitch" had a water-pump propulsion system. "Viper" differed from "Vixen" mainly in her iron construction.
Hull.
"Vixen" was an armoured gunboat of the breastwork type. Her hull was of composite construction, with iron frames and iron bulwarks, but with an outer cladding of teak over the entire hull. An armoured citadel protected her machinery and the ram bow was reinforced by massive ironwork structures. Underwater, her hull was sheathed in copper to prevent marine growth. Vertical trunks were provided at the stern to lift the screws clear of the hull, thereby allowing a better hull-form for purely wind-driven sailing.
Propulsion.
She was equipped with two sets of 4-cylinder horizontal single-expansion steam engines, each set powering one of her two-bladed, 9 ft diameter Maudslay & Griffiths screws. In total she developed an indicated 740 horsepower, sufficient for a top speed of . Steam was provided by two Maudslay iron fire-tube boilers with six furnaces.
Sail plan.
She was equipped with a barquentine rig, but in 1873 all masts, rigging and upper deck obstructions were removed after the decision for "Vixen" and "Viper" to remain permanently in Bermuda.
Armament.
"Vixen" was armed with two 7-inch (6½-ton) muzzle-loading rifled guns and two 20-pounder breach-loading rifled guns. One of "Vixen" or "Viper"s 7-inch guns was displayed on the waterfront at St Georges as recently as 1991.
Construction.
"Vixen" was ordered from Charles Lungley of Deptford on 22 March 1864 and laid down the same year. She was launched on 18 November 1865 and commissioned in 1866 under Commander Spencer Phipps Brett for comparative trials. Her total cost was £54,193.
Career.
"Vixen", "Viper" and "Waterwitch" conducted comparative trials at Stokes Bay during the late 1860s. Although turning ability was impressive, none of the ships attained more than in an era when could achieve . Furthermore, "Vixen" was nearly lost in the Irish Channel during a winter gale in 1876, making her unsuitable for the open sea under steam or sail. "Vixen" and "Viper" were towed to Bermuda in 1868 where the geography favoured the use of steam-powered rams.
In July 1869 both ships were employed to bring the floating dock "Bermuda" from The Narrows to the dockyard, and in 1870 "Vixen" rescued a disabled barque. 1873 saw the loss of all rigging, masts and upperdeck equipment, and this must have helped her to survive the 1878 hurricane which caused serious damage to the floating dock and other dockyard facilities. In 1895 she was used as an accommodation hulk for dockyard labourers and in 1895 listed as 'to be sold' in the Navy List.
The Daniel’s Head Channel Act (1887) had authorised the sinking of a blockship to close the channel, but the Hydrographer’s Report of 1888 declared the approaches from that direction safe from attack. By December 1895 "Vixen" had been sold to a local scrap merchant. In 1896 Vice-Admiral James Erskine recommended the channel be covered by shore batteries against torpedo boat attack, and in order to make such boats pass close to Daniel's Head, "Vixen" was sunk in the channel, probably the same year.
Fate.
Once her engines had been removed, she was placed across the Chubb Cut and massive scuttling charges were detonated. Her keel was broken, and she settled in her final resting place. "Vixen" now lies in of water about offshore from Daniel’s Head, at the west end of Bermuda. She lies in a narrow gap in the coral reef, with the bow just above water. She is well-known locally and is often visited by glass-bottomed boats and divers. The wreck is visible on satellite imagery in position .
Investigation of the wreck.
In 1986 Professor Richard Gould began his investigation of the wreck with volunteers from EarthWatch and support from the Bermuda Maritime Museum. By 1988 they had amassed 13 weeks of diving at the site, and in 1991 Gould published "The Archaeology of HMS" Vixen", an early ironclad ram in Bermuda" in "The International Journal of Nautical Archaeology", giving a comprehensive account of the construction, history and fate of the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="5964598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964598" title="William Emanuel Richardson">
William Emanuel Richardson

William Emanuel Richardson (September 3, 1886 – November 3, 1948) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Richardson was born on a farm (the old Daniel Boone homestead) near Stonersville, Pennsylvania. He moved to Bernville, Pennsylvania, with his parents at an early age, where he attended the public schools. He graduated from Princeton University in 1910, and from the law department of Columbia University in New York City in 1913. He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Reading, Pennsylvania. In 1914, he served with Ambulance Americaine, in Belgium and France in 1915, and with Squadron A, New York Cavalry, on the Mexico–United States border in 1916. During the First World War he was commissioned a second lieutenant on August 15, 1917, and served with the Eightieth Cavalry Division, United States Army, and later with the Seventh Machine Gun Battalion, Third Division, and was discharged a first lieutenant on September 15, 1919. After the war resumed the practice of law in Reading.
Richardson was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and Seventy-fourth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1936. He attended the Interparliamentary Union Conference in Budapest, Hungary, in 1936. He died in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, with interment in Schwartzwald Cemetery in Jacksonwald, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5964630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964630" title="Everybody Knows (Leonard Cohen song)">
Everybody Knows (Leonard Cohen song)

"Everybody Knows" is a song written by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen and collaborator Sharon Robinson. It has often been covered and used in soundtracks.
Song.
"Everybody Knows" was first released on Cohen's album "I'm Your Man", February 1988. 
Five minutes, thirty-seven seconds in duration, "Everybody Knows" is known for its somber tone and repetition of the title at the beginning of most verses. Featuring phrases such as ""Everybody knows that the dice are loaded"" and ""Everybody knows that the good guys lost"", "Everybody Knows" has been variously described by critics as "bitterly pessimistic" yet funny, or, more strongly, a "bleak prophecy about the end of the world as we know it." The lyrics include references to AIDS, social problems, and relationship and religion issues.
Soundtracks.
"Everybody Knows" has been widely used in television and film. Allan Moyle's 1990 film "Pump Up the Volume" featured the song prominently. A favorite of protagonist Mark Hunter (Christian Slater, as the operator of an FM pirate radio station), Cohen's song is played from an on-screen phonograph several times during Mark's clandestine broadcasts. A cover by Concrete Blonde is used at the film's end, and it is this cover version that made it onto the film's soundtrack album rather than Cohen's version.
Cohen's original version was also featured prominently in Atom Egoyan's 1994 film "Exotica", as the theme music of exotic dancer Christina (Mia Kirshner) when she performs at the club of the film's title. The soundtrack album for Exotica, featuring music composed by Mychael Danna, does not include Cohen's recording of this song, either. 
The song is also used in the film "King of Kong" and as theme music for episodes of "SexTV". It was used in an episode of the Quebec mystery "Fortier". Though the show is entirely in French, the song is played with its original English lyrics.
American rock band Guns N' Roses also used to use the song as their introduction music just before starting some of their concerts on their two-year-long Use Your Illusion world tour at the beginning of the 1990s.
Don Henley's version is heard in episode 219 of the television series "Judging Amy", which aired in 2001. Recently the Concrete Blonde version was featured in the third episode of the first season of "Dirty Sexy Money" entitled the "Italian Banker". 
"Everybody Knows" has also been used in a June 2008 anti-smoking advertisement commissioned by the New South Wales government in Australia with the theme "everybody knows smoking causes these diseases ... yet you still do it". Cohen's version serves as bumper music for "The Alex Jones Show", an American radio talk show.
The Toronto, Canada theater company Soulpepper used the song between scenes of its production of David Mamet's play "Oleanna" in March 2011.
"Everybody Knows" has also been used in as a soundtrack during the closing credits on "Crossfire" the ninth episode of the first season of the TV series "Homeland". It originally aired on Showtime on November 27, 2011.
Cover versions.
Like many of Cohen's songs, "Everybody Knows" has been covered by several artists

</doc>
<doc id="5964649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964649" title="Human-body model">
Human-body model

The human-body model (HBM) is the most commonly used model for characterizing the susceptibility of an electronic device to damage from electrostatic discharge (ESD). The model is a simulation of the discharge which might occur when a human touches an electronic device. 
The HBM definition most widely used is the test model defined in the United States military standard, MIL-STD-883, Method 3015.8, Electrostatic Discharge Sensitivity Classification. This method establishes a simplified equivalent electrical circuit and the necessary test procedures required to model an HBM ESD event.
An internationally widely used standard is JEDEC standard JS-001.
Model.
In both JS-001-2012 and MIL-STD-883H the charged human body is modeled by a 100 pF capacitor and a 1500 ohm discharging resistance. During testing, the fully charged capacitor is discharged through the resistor connected in series to the device under test.

</doc>
<doc id="5964659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964659" title="Newbridge, Cornwall">
Newbridge, Cornwall

Newbridge () is a hamlet in the civil parish Madron on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is on the A3071 road about three miles (5 km) west of Penzance.

</doc>
<doc id="5964660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964660" title="Ryan Toby">
Ryan Toby

Ryan Toby (born November 26, 1976) is an American soul singer, songwriter, producer, and actor known as the baritenor in the group City High. He is also best known for playing Wesley Glen Ahmal James in the 1993 film "". 
Ryan’s musical chronicles began when his manager Marvin Thompson introduced Ryan to then RCA Records A&R Director Kenny Ortiz, which eventually lead to a meeting with Disney & Buena Vista/Touchstone Pictures Executives. The company was looking for young actors/singers for their upcoming project titled Sister Act II: Back In The Habit (starring Whoopi Goldberg). Landing a principal role at 16 years old, the talented singer/actor was featured on the accompanying soundtrack. He wrote the rap part to the much loved single “Joyful, Joyful” which also featured newcomer Lauryn Hill and was a featured soloist on the single “Oh Happy Day”. After filming Ryan was put in touch with Jazzy Jeff (of The Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff fame) and was invited to Philadelphia. Jeff and Ryan bonded and he was asked to sign to his Touch of Jazz Production Company. It was during that time that Will Smith visited with Jeff. Smith was working on his upcoming album titled Big Willie Style. Smith heard Ryan and wanted him to work on his album. The music/rap turned into Smith’s hit single “Miami”. Ryan received writing credits for “Miami”, “Don’t Say Nothing”, “I Loved Her” and “Candy”. The album sold over 20 million copies.
While enjoying the success of working on the Will Smith project, Ryan ran into his old manager Marvin Thompson again. Thompson was working with an artist signed to Wyclef Jean’s Booga Basement/Interscope Records label. Jean invited Ryan to sign with his label when his deal with Jazzy Jeff was no longer in existence. Ryan was partnered with Robby Pardlo by Thompson. Nevertheless, Wyclef heard a female voice on some of their demos, Claudette Ortiz. Wyclef decided that he wanted Ortiz to join the group so he could create another Fugee’s. Ryan, Robby & Claudette named the group City High. The self-titled debut album released in 2001 garnered a Grammy Nomination. The albums sold millions worldwide and the threesome toured for approximately two years.
In 2003, once back in New Jersey Ryan connected with Super Producers Vidal Davis and Andre Harris. Dre & Vidal were working on songs for platinum plus recording artist Usher. The threesome collaborated on several tracks and three were chosen. “Caught Up”, “Superstar” and “Follow Me” made the 2004 chart-topping Usher album titled Confessions. The album was an instant commercial success in the United States, selling 1.1 million copies in its first week. Over eight million copies sold in 2004. The Confessions album has been certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and, as of 2012, has sold 10 million copies in the US.
Early and personal life.
After working on the film "Sister Act II: Back in the Habit", Toby attended college at Grambling State University and he also had a daughter. He later on found love with fellow City High member, Claudette Ortiz, after the band split. They had two sons and married in 2004, but divorced in 2007. Toby eventually moved to Los Angeles in 2009 and continued to pursue his music career of writing and producing. In 2011, he embarked on a new sound for his music and artist developement and also found new love as well.
Current life.
Ryan Toby is currently working on a new album coming due for a fall release. He's writing for established artists, as well as new upcoming artists, in the U.S. and Internationally. He also regularly teaches at a local music school. Toby is devoted to giving back to the music community in anyway he can. Toby has written for Mary J Blige, Brian McKnight, LL Cool J, Ruben Studdard, Joe, Amerie, New Edition, Ginuwine, Charlie Wilson, ll2, Monica, Tyrese, Kevin Lyttle, Mario, Chris Brown and Darius Rucker (of Hootie and the Blowfish), to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="5964664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964664" title="Marble Mountain, Nova Scotia">
Marble Mountain, Nova Scotia

Marble Mountain is a Canadian rural community located in Inverness County, Nova Scotia.
Situated on the southwest shore of Bras d'Or Lake on Cape Breton Island, Marble Mountain's defining feature is a large marble quarry located on a hill above the community, as well as its white sand and gravel beach below the lakeside cliffs. The colouring of the sand and gravel gives the water a tropical green appearance in certain light conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="5964672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964672" title="Maartin Allcock">
Maartin Allcock

Maartin Allcock (born 5 January 1957), also known as Martin Allcock, is a multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer.
Biography.
Born in Middleton, Greater Manchester, Allcock studied music at Huddersfield and Leeds. He began playing professionally in January 1976, playing in dance bands and folk clubs. His first tour was in 1977 with Mike Harding as one of the Brown Ale Cowboys. He went to Brittany in 1978, for a temporary stay, but inevitably ended up remaining longer than intended, and learned to cook while there. On returning to Manchester he studied and qualified to become a chef, working in the Shetland Islands in 1980.
In 1981 he joined the Bully Wee Band, a Celtic folk group, which led to an 11-year stint as lead guitarist with the electric folk band, Fairport Convention from October 1985 to December 1996, and concurrently four years as keyboardist with rock band Jethro Tull from January 1988 to December 1991. In summer 1991 he also played keyboards for The Mission. Nowadays he works freelance from his home on the west coast of Snowdonia as a session man and record producer.
Session work and production.
Allcock's session career includes more than 200 albums, including Robert Plant, Beverley Craven, Judith Durham, Breton guitarist Dan Ar Braz (six albums), Ralph McTell, Dave Swarbrick, Yusuf Islam and Dafydd Iwan. He began producing Welsh music in 2005 and has produced ten albums for Sain Records in Caernarfon. He is UK bass guitarist and tour manager for Nashville songwriter Beth Nielsen Chapman.
Selected discography.
Other collaborations.
As a record producer:

</doc>
<doc id="5964679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964679" title="History of the classical guitar">
History of the classical guitar

The classical guitar designs have evolved over from the vihuela and gittern to the modern classical guitar.
Renaissance stringed instruments.
While the precise lineage of the instrument is still unclear, historians believe that the guitar is the descendant of the Greek kithara, gittern, lyre, European and Middle Eastern lutes, and the Spanish vihuela. The poem The Book of Good Love describes two early instruments, guitarra morisca and guitarra latina.
Instruments called "guitars" were first mentioned in literature in the 13th century, though many of these medieval records describe instruments that in modern times are classified as gitterns.
The first incarnation of what is now called the guitar first appeared during the Renaissance. The Renaissance guitar contained four pairs of strings called courses. The Renaissance guitar shared most similarities with the Spanish vihuela, a six-coursed instrument with similar tuning and construction. Juan Bermudo published "Declaración de Instrumentos Musicales" in 1555, a treatise containing a section on plucked string instruments. This publication examined the relationship between the guitar and vihuela, and also differentiated between four and five-course guitars. The five-course guitar did not phase out the four-course instrument until the Baroque period.
One of the first major methods published for five-course guitar is Joan Carles Amat's "Guitarra Española de Cinco Órdenes" published in 1596.
The vihuela became popular in Spain and Italy and remained common until the late 16th century. This instrument appears to have had a strong influence in the design and tuning of the early five course guitars that first appeared in Spain in the middle of the sixteenth century. These five course guitarras replaced the four course Renaissance instruments, particularly in Spain. The guitarra set the modern standard tuning - A, D, G, B, E - for the top five strings that continues to this day. The amount of frets on the guitar was increased from eight to ten and eventually to twelve. Later, it was in Italy that a sixth course became commonplace and this was an easily done by replacing/reworking the nut and bridge to plug in another tuning peg hole for the sixth string. An ornate guitar made by a Joakim Thielke (1641 – 1719) of Germany, was altered in this way and became a success.
From the mid 18th century through the early 19th century, the guitar evolved into a six-string instrument, phasing out courses by preference to single strings. These six-string guitars were still smaller than the modern classical guitar.
Modern classical guitar.
The design of the modern classical guitar can be attributed to Antonio de Torres. The construction of these guitars has been considered the standard in "traditional" instruments since the mid 19th century.
Contemporary classical guitars follow the Smallman design which replaces the fan braces with a much lighter balsa brace attached to the back of the sound board with carbon fiber. The balsa brace has a honeycomb pattern and allows the (now much thinner) sound board to support more vibrational modes. This leads to greater volume and longer sustain.

</doc>
<doc id="5964683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964683" title="Moka pot">
Moka pot

The moka pot is a stove-top coffee maker which produces coffee by passing hot water pressurized by steam through ground coffee. It was patented for the first time in Italy by the inventor Luigi De Ponti for Alfonso Bialetti, in 1933. "Bialetti Industrie" continues to produce the same model under the name "Moka Express".
The moka pot is most commonly used in Europe and in Latin America. It has become an iconic design, displayed in modern industrial art and design museums such as the Wolfsonian- FIU, Museum of Modern Art, the Cooper–Hewitt, National Design Museum, the Design Museum, and the London Science Museum. Moka pots come in different sizes, from one to eighteen 50 ml cups. The original design and many current models are made from aluminium with bakelite handles.
Variations and brands.
Traditionally, moka pots are made of aluminium and are used over a flame or electric range. The aluminium moka pots cannot be used on induction stoves. There are, however, also many stainless steel models available. Electric self-heating moka pots are also available. More recently induction specific moka pots are now available and are made of a titanium-alloy base.
"Brikka" is a modified moka pot manufactured by Bialetti. It incorporates a weighted valve as a pressure regulator on top of the nozzle that allows pressure to build up inside the water tank in a manner similar to a pressure cooker. As pressure builds up more quickly in this method (since there is much less leakage of vapor) compared to the standard moka pot, it reaches the level required for water to rise through the ground coffee at a lower temperature. However, the weighted valve allows pressure to accumulate and temperature to rise somewhat further before the liquid bursts through the nozzle. The result is coffee brewed at a higher pressure and temperature than the standard pot, making it more similar to espresso, and therefore with more visible crema. 
"Mukka Express" is a modified moka pot also manufactured by Bialetti that allows milk to be frothed and mixed with the coffee during brewing. The name, "Mukka", is a pun on the Italian for cow, ""mucca"". Bialetti also manufactures several stainless steel moka pots, e.g.: Musa, Class and Venus.
Alessi is an Italian kitchenware manufacturer known for their moka pots. Cuisinox also markets several models of moka pots in both aluminium and stainless steel. 
Also the high quality and design oriented Italian kitchenware manufacturer Serafino Zani is known for his moka pots: "Finlandia" designed by Tapio Wirkkala, "Mach" designed by Isao Hosoe and awarded with the Good Design Award (Chicago) 1993, "Thema" in stainess steel with titanium and "Genesis" in stainless steel and copper, both designed by Tarcisio Zani.
Top Moka is an Italian manufacturer well known for their variety of different colors and their induction moka pot models. 
Vev Viganò is an Italian manufacturer that specialises in stainless steel moka pots. Their product lines include Kontessa, Itaca, Vespress and Carioca. 
Bellman makes a stainless steel moka pot, the "CX-25 Series", operating at higher pressure and capable of creating a crema. It also has a wand to steam liquids, such as milk for cappuccino.
The brand "Volturno" has been manufacturing moka pots in Argentina for many decades; the name "Volturno" is sometimes used synonymously with "moka pot" there.
"Top Moka", another Italian manufacturer, offers two different styles of moka pots in a wide variety of colours. The more traditional "Top Moka Pot" comes in sizes varying from two to six-shot boilers. They also make a "Mini Moka Pot" in one- and two-shot sizes that use dispensing arcs rather than the standard collection chamber. Both are available with aluminum boilers for standard cooktops or titanium-alloy boilers for induction stoves.
Brewing coffee with a moka pot.
The boiler (marked A in the diagram) is filled with water almost up to the safety release valve and the funnel-shaped metal filter (B) is inserted. Finely-ground coffee is added to the filter as shown below. Then the upper part (C, which has a second metal filter at the bottom) is tightly screwed onto the base. The pot is placed on a suitable heat source, the water is brought to its boiling point, and thereby steam is created in the boiler.
A gasket ensures a tightly closed unit and allows for pressure to safely build up in the lower section, where a safety valve provides a necessary release in case this pressure should get too high (with clean filters, that should not happen).
The steam eventually reaches a high enough pressure to gradually force the surrounding boiling water up the funnel through the coffee powder and into the upper chamber (C), where the coffee is collected. When the lower chamber is almost empty, steam bubbles mix with the upstreaming water, producing a characteristic gurgling noise. This "strombolian phase" allows a mixture of superheated steam and water to pass through the coffee, which leads to undesirable results, and therefore brewing is stopped as soon as this stage is reached.[http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1359431108002299]
Maintenance.
Moka pots require periodic replacement of the rubber seal and the filters, and a check that the safety release valve is not blocked.
After use, a thin coat of oily coffee residue is left lining the interior of the stems, filters and upper chamber. It is said to be desirable to retain this residue, as it subsequently prevents coffee from acquiring an unpleasant metallic taste through contact with the aluminum wall.
Moka pot dimensions.
The Moka pot comes in various sizes based on the number of 50 mL espresso cups they produce. The following table are the standard sizes for the Bialetti Moka Express.
Moka coffee vs. drip coffee.
The flavor of Moka pot coffee depends greatly on bean variety, roast level, fineness of grind, and the level of heat used. Contrary to popular belief, although the "boiler" on a Moka pot is at elevated pressure and contains high-temperature steam, the water forced up through the grounds is no hotter (up to 90C, depending on the stage of extraction) than that used in other brewing methods.[http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1359431108002299][http://pubs.acs.org/doi/pdf/10.1021/jf070779x]. However the resultant brew does have increased extraction of caffeine and flavors from the grounds versus filter coffee, resulting in a stronger brew than that obtained by drip brewing.
Moka coffee vs. espresso coffee.
Moka pots are sometimes referred to as stove-top espresso makers and produce coffee with an extraction ratio similar to (but somewhat higher than) that of a conventional espresso machine.[http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1359431108002299] Depending on bean variety and grind selection, Moka pots can create a foam emulsion, known as crema. However a typical Moka coffee is extracted at relatively low pressures of 1-2 bar, while standards for espresso coffee specify a pressure of 9 bar. So, while a Moka coffee pot can produce a crema similar to espressos, different equipment is required to make a true espresso.

</doc>
<doc id="5964700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964700" title="Greet Hellemans">
Greet Hellemans

Greta ("Greet") Mettina Hellemans (born 25 May 1959 in Groningen) is a former rower from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal in the Women's Double Sculls at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, partnering with her sister Nicolette. 
At the same tournament Hellemans at her second Olympic appearance was also a member of the bronze winning team in the Women's Eights, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Harriet van Ettekoven, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.

</doc>
<doc id="5964704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964704" title="Norton Lewis Lichtenwalner">
Norton Lewis Lichtenwalner

Norton Lewis Lichtenwalner (June 1, 1889–May 3, 1960) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Norton L. Lichtenwalner was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Allentown High School (now known as William Allen High School) in 1905 and Bethlehem Preparatory School in 1906. He attended Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. In 1908, he moved to New York City and was employed in a banking institution. He returned to Allentown in 1915 and engaged in the retail furniture business until 1922, and then in the retailing of automobiles until 1933. During the First World War, Lichtenwalner enlisted as a seaman in the United States Naval Reserve.
Lichtenwalner was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-second Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932. After his time in congress, he became State director for the Pennsylvania National Emergency Council from 1935 to 1941, and State director of Office of Government Reports in 1941 and 1942. In 1949 he was elected to the Allentown City Council for one term and in 1955 he was elected treasurer of Lehigh County, Pennsylvania for one term. He died in Allentown, and is buried in Fairview Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5964705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964705" title="New Mill, Cornwall">
New Mill, Cornwall

New Mill is a small settlement in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated approximately two miles (3.5 km) north of Penzance. The area includes the hamlets of Boskednan and Bodrifty, a former Iron Age settlement.
New Mill lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5964710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964710" title="Christian Terlizzi">
Christian Terlizzi

Christian Terlizzi (born 22 November 1979 in Rome) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Trapani. He has played for clubs on all professional levels of Italian football, including U.S. Città di Palermo, U.C. Sampdoria, and Catania Calcio in the Serie A. He has also been capped for the Italy national football team.
Career.
A.S. Cisco Roma.
Terlizzi began his prefessional career within the youth ranks of A.S. Cisco Roma, in 1990. He was often called up to the first team in 1996, and made his professional debut that same year. After making just 3 first team appearances in 2 seasons, Terlizzi was sent out on loan to amateur side Tivoli Calcio, and made 24 league appearances in his lone season with the club, also scoring 4 goals. In the summer of 1999, he returned to Cisco Roma, but was simultaneously sold to A.S. Castelli Romani prior to the 1999–2000 Lega Calcio season.
1999–2002.
Following his transfer, Terlizzi made 18 league appearances, scoring 3 goals in just 4 months, and was sold to Selargius Calcio. In another brief spell, at the Serie D club, Terlizzi made 9 starts, and was soon sold to U.S. Termoli, where he made a further 8 appearances, and made his move back into the Serie C, in 2001, with Teramo Calcio.
In June 2001, Terlizzi completed his transfer to Teramo Calcio, and in his lone season with the Serie C2 club, he played in 21 league matches, and scored a single goal. Following an impressive season, at the heart of the defense, the 22-year old Terlizzi, was sold to Serie A side, Parma F.C.
Parma F.C..
In June 2002, he was signed by Parma F.C. along with Florian Myrtaj, but was instantly sold to Serie C1 side, A.C. Cesena in co-ownership deal.
A.C. Cesena.
Following his brief stay in Parma, Terlizzi returned to the lower divisions, with A.C. Cesena. He earned a guaranteed starting spot for much of the 2002–2003 league season, and went on to make over 30 appearances, also netting 2 goals, in all competitions. He was set to return to Parma F.C. in the summer of 2003, albeit interest from several lesser Serie A clubs, as well as a host of Serie B club, however, in July 2003, he joined then-Serie B club, U.S. Città di Palermo.
U.S. Città di Palermo.
In the summer of 2003 Terlizzi transferred to U.S. Città di Palermo, where he made 12 first team appearances in his first season, helping the club gain promotion to the Serie A. He made his Serie A debut at the age of 25, during the 2004–2005 season. Terlizzi made an additional 14 league appearances during the season, and scored 1 goal. He remained with Palermo for the 2005–2006 Serie A season, and despite the sale of star striker Luca Toni, the Sicilian club still managed a 7th place finish in the league. Terlizzi made 21 appearances during that season, and managed an impressive 5 goals, as a central defender. He, along with Fabio Grosso, were both sold in the summer of 2006, following bids from U.C. Sampdoria, and Inter Milan respectively.
U.C. Sampdoria.
In summer 2006, he was signed by U.C. Sampdoria in a co-ownership bid, for €1.5 million, along with Pietro Accardi (€2M) and Massimo Bonanni (50% for €2M), as part of the deal that saw Aimo Diana (€5M) and Marco Pisano (€4M) transfer in the opposite direction . Terlizzi made his Italy national team debut in a friendly match against Croatia, on 16 August 2006, together with Sampdoria teammates Giulio Falcone, Gennaro Delvecchio and Angelo Palombo in a 0–2 loss. For Sampdoria, however he just played 4 league games, in part due to an injury-ridden season. He was then sold to Calcio Catania prior to the 2007–2008 Serie A season.
Calcio Catania.
He officially transferred to Calcio Catania on 5 July 2007, for €1.5 million. In his first season with the Sicilian giants, Terlizzi became a major part of the Catania first team, proving his worth with the Sicilian club. In his first season with the club, he made 25 league appearances, and formed an impressive central defensive partnership with Lorenzo Stovini. The duo held their positions during the 2008–2009 Serie A season as well, under new coach Walter Zenga, and Terlizzi made an additional 20 league appearances. His first team position was in the limbo following the 2008 purchase of Argentine youngster Matías Silvestre. During the 2008–2009 summer transfer window, Terlizzi nearly transferred to Italian giants, Juventus, but the deal never materialized. Prior to the 2009–10 Serie A season, Stovini left the club, and Terlizzi was relegated to the bench in favor of new signing Nicolás Spolli, who partnered Silvestre for much of the 2009–10 Serie A season. Under Siniša Mihajlović, however, Terlizzi managed to earn back his starting position alongside Silvestre, and went on to total 25 appearances for Catania in all 2009–10 competitions, helping the club to the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia, and also to a record points total in Serie A for the Sicilians, finishing in 12th places. Terlizzi has scored 2 goals in 8 games during the current campaign.
Later years.
On 2 August 2011, Terlizzi signed a two-year contract with the Serie B club A.S. Varese 1910. However, after a good season, he returns to play in Serie A with Pescara. He successively spent the second part of the season on loan to another Serie A club, Siena.
In August 2013 he was signed as a free agent by newly promoted Serie B club Trapani.

</doc>
<doc id="5964720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964720" title="Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92)">
Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92)

Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92) is a compilation album released by the British band Tears for Fears in 1992. Preceded by the hit single "Laid So Low (Tears Roll Down)", the album contains twelve of the band's UK Top 40 hits. The album has been certified double platinum in the UK, platinum in the US, and gold in several other countries including Canada and France.
"Tears Roll Down" originally peaked at #1 in Italy and #2 in the UK and France upon its release, but returned to the UK Top 10 (#6) in 2004 for several weeks following the success of Gary Jules' cover version of "Mad World".
A compilation video under the same title was also released in 1992, and later issued on DVD.
The album itself was reissued in 2004 as a 2CD/1DVD set under the "Sound+Vision Deluxe" line, and again in 2005 with a bonus disc containing various remixes.
Video and DVD.
The video compilation of "Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92)" was released in 1992 in conjunction with the album, featuring an identical track list. It was reissued on DVD in 2003 with a different cover featuring a still from the "Sowing the Seeds of Love" promo video under Universal Music's "Classic Clips" imprint. After the "Tears Roll Down" album made a return to the UK top 10 in 2004, the DVD was reissued with the original white "sunflower" cover. The DVD release includes a 5.1 surround sound audio option as well as 2.0 stereo.

</doc>
<doc id="5964721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964721" title="Gulden's">
Gulden's

Gulden's, a brand of American mustard, is the third largest American manufacturer of mustard, after French's and Grey Poupon. The oldest continuously operating mustard brand in the United States, it is now owned by agricultural giant ConAgra Foods.
Gulden's is known for its spicy brown mustard, which includes a blend of mustard seeds and spices. The Gulden's mustard recipe has remained a secret for more than 140 years.
History.
Charles Gulden was born on September 23, 1843, in New York City. By the age of 15, he was employed as an engraver. Two years later, he went to work for his uncle, who owned the Union Mustard Mills. After serving with a reserve regiment at Gettysburg during the Civil War, he returned briefly to his uncle's shop.
Gulden opened his own mustard company in 1862. He chose Elizabeth Street in New York for his shop, near South Street Seaport, where he could easily obtain the mustard seeds and spices necessary to mix with vintage vinegars.
By 1883, Gulden's product line included 30 mustard varieties and other products, including olives, capers, cottonseed oil, catsup, and Worcestershire sauce. That year, he moved down the street into a six-story building.
Drawing from his earlier experience as an engraver, Charles Gulden once asked his brother: "Do you think it would help if we were to attach a spoon to each bottle of No. 6, no extra charge?" Soon, the Guldens were attaching fine, imported spoons to each bottle.
Gulden's mustard won awards in 1869 and 1883. It also earned awards at the Chicago World's Fair in 1893, the Paris Exposition in 1900, the Sesquicentennial International Exposition in Philadelphia in 1926, and the Napa Valley Mustard Festival in 2005. However, the Gulden's mustard sold today is not the same formula as the mustard that won the awards in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. As recently as the 1960s, when the company was headquartered in Saddle Brook, New Jersey, the ingredients listed on the label were: "Mustard seed, vinegar, spices, and salt." Turmeric was not listed, as it is today. The addition of turmeric made the product's appearance change to a milder yellow, somewhat more like yellow mustard. Although the taste was not affected, the company has since removed the medallions representing the 1893 and 1900 awards from its label, since the mustard that is produced today is not the same mustard that won those awards and it would be improper to suggest otherwise.
Gulden's was sold to American Home Foods (a division of American Home Products), which was spun off and renamed International Home Foods in 1996. In 2000, ConAgra purchased International Home Foods.
Gulden's mustard is now made in Milton, Pennsylvania.
Charles Gulden died in 1916 and is buried in The Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964723" title="Michigan Ice">
Michigan Ice

The Michigan Ice is a pro softball team in Michigan.
The team is located in Midland, and plays its home games at Currie Stadium, located in Emerson Park, Michigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964729" title="Burton, Pembrokeshire">
Burton, Pembrokeshire

Burton is a small village and community in south Pembrokeshire, Wales. The village is set on a hill overlooking the River Cleddau.
The setting of the village makes it a popular holiday destination . It enjoys views of the Cleddau estuary to the south east and west and has a waterfront pub on the river. The village attracts many watersports and boats. Benton Castle is a grade II* listed building. 
The church of St Mary's is also a grade II* listed building.
Local Government.
The village has its own community council and is part of the Burton Electoral ward of the Pembrokeshire County Council. Since reorganisation in 1995 the ward has been held by independent councillors.

</doc>
<doc id="5964733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964733" title="American Way (magazine)">
American Way (magazine)

American Way is a free, in-flight magazine available on American Airlines and American Eagle. The magazine offices are located in the AMR Corporation/American Airlines headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
The semi-monthly variety magazine features celebrity lifestyles, hotel, restaurants, pop culture and tech reviews. It also includes crosswords, quizzes and Sudoku. This magazine is award winning and the flight patrons are allowed to take the magazine upon arrival at a destination as gratitude from the Airline. Subscriptions to the magazine are available for $72.00 per year for 24 issues (published on the 1st and 15th of each month).
The back of the magazine features layouts of American's terminals at its major hub airports (DFW, O'Hare, Miami).
The July 1, 2006 issue of the magazine featured an article on Wikipedia.
The magazine has been referenced in The Office as a magazine to which Michael Scott subscribes.

</doc>
<doc id="5964744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964744" title="German submarine U-2321">
German submarine U-2321

German submarine "U-2321" was the first of the highly advanced Type XXIII U-boats built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" in 1944 and 1945. As the first of this class, "U-2321" was one of a handful of such boats to undertake an operational patrol, in March 1945. She was successful in this operation, and sank a British freighter, one of just five ships sunk by the new fully submarine (as opposed to just submersible) boats.
She was constructed as an experiment in Hamburg and her small size meant that she was completed in just four months, following which she conducted extensive trials in the Baltic Sea and off the Norwegian coast in an effort to gain an idea of the capabilities of the boat. In this duty, and through her entire life, "U-2321" was commanded by Kptlt. Hans-Heinrich Barschkis. By the first few months of 1945, with the war drawing to a close, it was hoped new lessons could be learnt, and defeat potentially delayed by the insertion of some of these boats into the coastal waters of the United Kingdom. To this end, "U-2321" and a few of her sisters were dispatched to the Eastern coast of Scotland.
War patrol.
The boats were unsuccessful, largely because of the professional nature of veteran Allied naval commanders in their construction of convoys and their preparation of escorts. The North Sea proved largely barren, as most shipping was concentrated in the heavily defended English Channel, as so it was nearly a month after leaving Horten in Norway that "U-2321" scored her first and only victory, torpedoing the unescorted 1,400 ton steamship .
Four days later, "U-2321" was back in port at Kristiansand, where she was still berthed when Germany surrendered on 9 May. Sailed to Loch Ryan in Scotland, "U-2321" was allowed to rust and rot, the decaying hull destroyed as a naval gunfire target on 27 November 1945 along with all the other surrendered Norwegian U-boats.

</doc>
<doc id="5964745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964745" title="Nicolette Hellemans">
Nicolette Hellemans

Nicolette Hellemans (born 30 November 1961) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal in the double sculls at the 1984 Summer Olympics, partnering with her elder sister Greet. At the same Olympics she also won a bronze medal in the coxed eights, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist and Wiljon Vaandrager.

</doc>
<doc id="5964746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964746" title="USS Beagle (IX-112)">
USS Beagle (IX-112)

USS "Beagle" (IX-112), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the beagle, a breed of small, short-coated hunting hound. Her keel was laid down by California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Wilmington, California, under a Maritime Commission contract. She was launched on 29 October 1943 as "David Rittenhouse" sponsored by Mrs. Victor Dalton, transferred to the Navy 20 November 1943, and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant R. E. Rew, Jr., USNR, in command.
From California, "Beagle" proceeded to the Marshall Islands via Pearl Harbor. She served as a tanker, plying from Eniwetok, Kwajalein, and Majuro, to Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Yokosuka, Japan. On 10 March 1946 she was relieved and departed Eniwetok for the Atlantic. She arrived at the Panama Canal Zone on 16 April and reported to Norfolk, Virginia, on 30 April 1946. She was decommissioned on 13 June 1946 and returned to the Maritime Commission the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="5964751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964751" title="Patrice Ledoux">
Patrice Ledoux

Patrice Ledoux is a French film producer.

</doc>
<doc id="5964763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964763" title="Henry Hirshfeld House and Cottage">
Henry Hirshfeld House and Cottage

The Henry Hirshfeld House and Cottage are two historic homes in downtown Austin, Texas originally inhabited by the prominent Hirshfeld family. The cottage, built in 1873, housed Henry and his wife Jennie until the larger house was built in 1885. The homes have been well preserved and today house the Office of Governmental Relations for the Texas A&M University System. The buildings are located at 303 and 305 W. 9th Street. The buildings were added together to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text.
Hirshfeld House.
Henry Hirshfeld (1834–1911), a native of Germany, was a prominent Austin merchant and a leader in the city's Jewish community. In 1873 he and his wife Jennie (Melasky) built a one-story limestone cottage on the lot west of this site. Because of their financial success and a growing family, they later made plans for a larger home here. Construction of this two-story brick and cut stone house began in 1885 and the family moved in a year after completion. Designed and built by architect John Andrewartha, it features characteristics of Victorian and Eastlake styling. Exterior ornamentation includes a double gallery, a bay, strained glass, ornate woodwork, and intricate limestone detailing. The two-story stick style carriage house was built soon after completion of the main residence. The Hirshfelds had eight children. Two of their son's Jake and Sam, also became merchants and opened separate clothing stores. Jake and his brother Morris served as directors of the Austin National Bank, an institution their father helped establish in 1890. Family members continued to reside here until the death of the Hirshfelds' daughter Leila Hirshfeld Bernheim in 1973. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark - 1962
Hirshfeld Cottage.
German native Henry Hirshfeld (1834–1911) migrated to the United States at the age of fifteen. After working with his two uncles in Mobile, Alabama, he moved to Georgetown (28 mi. N), where he enlisted in the Confederate Army. Following his service in the Civil War, Hirshfeld moved to Austin and entered the mercantile business. By 1868, when he married Jennie Melasky, he owned a clothing store and was becoming a prominent businessman of the city. Three years later Governor E. J. Davis appointed him as the first vice president of the newly created State Board of Trade. Active in civic development, Hirshfeld was also an early leader of Austin's Jewish community. He was a founder and the first president of Congregation Beth Israel, established in 1876 on the second floor of his Congress Avenue building. Hirshfeld had this one-story stone cottage built for his family in 1873. Construction by Ed Christian, Ferdinand Dohme,and S. Loomis. It features a widow's walk on the roof and jigsaw detailing on the porch. After the family moved to their new residence on the adjacent east lot in 1888, the cottage was maintained as rental property. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark - 1962

</doc>
<doc id="5964766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964766" title="Troy Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Troy Township, Wood County, Ohio

Troy Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 3,870 people in the township, 2,858 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the northeastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
The village of Luckey is located in southwestern Troy Township, and the unincorporated communities of Lemoyne and Stony Ridge in the township's north and northwest respectively.
Name and history.
It is one of seven Troy Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5964768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964768" title="David Syme (pianist)">
David Syme (pianist)

David Syme (born 1949) is an American pianist.
Syme has played classical concerts throughout the United States as well as numerous international venues. His major teachers were Jorge Bolet (Indiana University), Ozan Marsh (University of Arizona), Sascha Gorodnitzki (Juilliard) and studies in London with Louis Kentner.
In the 1990s, Syme played over 180 dates throughout the United States as GMC's "Musical Ambassador." He has also played for political dignitaries including the President of Mexico and President Bill Clinton. His George Gershwin performance in Mexico is shown repeatedly on the A&E Network as well as other arts channels.
In the year 2000, Syme was soloist with the Czech National Symphony playing several performances of Rhapsody in Blue.
He has recorded extensively including 20 CDs with orchestras like the Royal Philharmonic.
He now divides his time between Houston, TX and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5964770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964770" title="NPCC Enterprises">
NPCC Enterprises

NPCC Enterprises is a website development and graphic design company located in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. It was founded on March 29, 2003, by Nicholas Pettit.

</doc>
<doc id="5964778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964778" title="USS Caribou (IX-114)">
USS Caribou (IX-114)

USS "Caribou" (IX-114), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the caribou. Her keel was laid down by the California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Wilmington, California, as "Nathaniel B. Palmer" under a Maritime Commission contract. She was launched on 2 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. T. A. Gregory, acquired by the Navy on 25 November 1943 and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander A. J. Nall in command, and reported to the Pacific Fleet.
"Caribou" stood out of Pearl Harbor on 10 February 1944 for Kwajalein and Eniwetok, where she served as station tanker until August, providing rear echelon support for the Fifth Fleet. Moving on to Manus, "Caribou" based there while fueling units at sea in support of operations in the Philippines until March 1945. From May through July, she resumed station duty, this time at Mindoro, Manila, and Tacloban, closer to the swiftly moving American advance. Sailing to Ulithi, she carried oil to Leyte, then made a similar voyage to Guam. "Caribou" served from August to December in the Mariana Islands and at Iwo Jima.
On 2 December 1945, " Caribou " cleared Guam for Norfolk, Virginia. There she was decommissioned on 3 May 1946, and delivered to the War Shipping Administration for sale 6 May 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="5964779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964779" title="Andrew Magee">
Andrew Magee

Andrew Donald Magee (born May 22, 1962) is an American professional golfer who played for more than 20 years on the PGA Tour.
Magee was born in Paris, France, where his father, a Texas oil man, was working at the time. He grew up in Dallas, Texas. Magee attended the University of Oklahoma from 1981–1984. While there he was a distinguished member of the golf team, winning All-American honors three times. He turned pro in 1984 and joined the PGA Tour in 1985.
Magee won four PGA Tour events. His first win came in 1988 at the Pensacola Open. In 1991, he won two Tour events and was awarded "Golf Digest"'s "Most Improved Golfer Award". His most recent win was at the 1994 Northern Telecom Open. His best finish in a major was T5 at the 1992 British Open. He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings.
Magee is the only person in PGA Tour history to hit a hole-in-one on a par 4 hole during a PGA Tour event. He did this with a driver at the 332-yard 17th hole of the 2001 Phoenix Open. The ball caromed off Tom Byrum's putter on its way to the bottom of the cup. Byrum, in the group ahead, was squatting down looking over a putt.
In 1999 Magee won the Southern Company Citizenship Award (which now sponsors the Payne Stewart Award) for his work with charities.
In February 2006, Magee underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his left kidney at the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio. The operation was deemed successful and he was back playing on the Tour in April. 
In January 2007, Magee signed on with The Golf Channel as an analyst for its new show "The Approach with Callaway Golf" and for the "Sprint Pre-Game" and "Sprint Post-Game" shows. Andrew Magee is also the new host of the Golf Channel's 2008 season of The Big Break, which is set in Hawaii.
During the summer of 2006 Magee's eldest son, Campbell, caddied for him in five tour events. Campbell is a graduate of Brophy College Preparatory, where he played competitive lacrosse; Campbell later attended the University of Arizona.
Magee resides in Paradise Valley, Arizona. He still plays occasionally, but has not made the cut on a major tour since the Nationwide Tour's 2009 BMW Charity Pro-Am. His last PGA Tour cut was the 2006 Southern Farm Bureau Classic.
Professional wins (4).
PGA Tour wins (4).
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5964785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964785" title="USS Elk (IX-115)">
USS Elk (IX-115)

USS "Elk" (IX-115), an "Armadillo"-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the elk, a large deer of the northern forests of Europe, Asia, and North America. Her keel was laid down by California Shipbuilding Corporation, in Wilmington, California, as "William Winter" for the Maritime Commission. She was launched on 6 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. H. H. Hall, delivered direct to the Navy 26 November 1943, and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant W. T. Stannard, USNR, in command.
"Elk" sailed from San Pedro, California, on 12 January 1944 for Kwajalein where she served from 19 February to 19 April as station tanker to fuel ships in the assault and occupation of the Marshall Islands. Mooring to Majuro, she fueled combatant ships at this base until June, then carried petroleum products between Majuro, Kwajalein, and Eniwetok to support the Marianas operation. From 26 June she was based again on Majuro, providing fuel for destroyers of the Security Patrol who guarded the waters around the bypassed, enemy-held islands of Wotje, Mili, and Jaluit.
After a fueling assignment at Tarawa in September 1944, "Elk" reported to the advance fleet base at Ulithi on 15 October and there began the vital task of fueling the ships of the fast-moving Third Fleet and Fifth Fleet for their far-ranging air and surface strikes against Japanese bases. In April 1945 she arrived at Okinawa to fuel the destroyers of the radar picket line. When hostilities ceased, "Elk" was at Leyte preparing to sail with a convoy to Okinawa. In September she arrived at Sasebo, Japan, to serve in the occupation. "Elk" returned to the United States in early 1946, was decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, on 17 May 1946, and reverted to the Maritime Commission 20 May 1946.
"Elk" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="5964788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964788" title="Milford Haven Waterway">
Milford Haven Waterway

Milford Haven Waterway ("Welsh: Dyfrffordd Aberdaugleddau") is a natural harbour in Pembrokeshire, West Wales. The Haven is a ria or drowned valley flooded at the end of the last Ice Age formed by the Pembroke River and the Daugleddau estuary, and winds west to the sea. As one of the deepest natural harbours in the world, it is a busy shipping channel, trafficked by ferries from Pembroke Dock to Ireland, oil tankers and pleasure craft. Admiral Horatio Nelson, visiting the harbour with the Hamiltons, described it as the next best natural harbour to Trincomalee in Sri Lanka (then Ceylon) and "the finest port in Christendom".
History.
Early history.
From the 790s until the Norman Invasion in 1066, the waterway was used occasionally by Vikings looking for shelter. During one visit in 854, the Viking Chieftain Hubba wintered in the Haven with 23 ships, eventually lending his name to the district of Hubberston. Evidence of metal working in the area was recently excavated, suggesting a level of industrialisation in the period 750 – 1100.
A Benedictine priory (Pill Priory) was established at the head of Hubberston Pill in 1170, as a daughter house of St Dogmaels Abbey. Built on virgin land, it stood alongside the priory on Caldey Island as part of the Tironian Order in West Wales, and was dedicated to St Budoc. Founded by Adam de Rupe, it stood until the Dissolution under Henry VIII. In 1171 Henry II designated the area the rendezvous for his Irish expedition. An army of 400 warships, 500 knights and 4,000 men-at-arms gathered in the haven before sailing to Waterford, and on to Dublin, which marked the first time an English king had stood on Irish soil, and the beginning of Henry's invasion of Ireland. St Thomas a Becket chapel was dedicated in 1180, a structure which looked out over the Haven from the north shore of the town. In later years it was used as a beacon for sailors in foul weather, and ultimately as a pig sty, until it was reconsecrated in the 20th century.
In his play "Cymbeline" Act 3, Scene 2, (1611), Shakespeare remarks that Milford is a haven: 
By 1590, two forts had been constructed to defend the entrance to the harbour George Owen of Henllys, in his "Description of Penbrokshire", claimed in 1603 that Milford Haven was the most famous port of Christendom. The area however was a source of anxiety for the Tudor monarchy. Due to its location, it was exposed to attacks from Ireland, a convenient base from which England could be invaded via Wales. In 1405, the French landed in force having left Brest in July with more than twenty-eight hundred knights and men-at-arms led by Jean II de Rieux, the Marshal of France, to support Owain Glyndŵr's rebellion. It was here that Henry Tudor landed with his uncle, Jasper Tudor, in 1485 before his march towards Lincolnshire, ending in the Battle of Bosworth. In April 1603, Martin Pring used the Haven as his departure point for his exploratory voyage to Virginia. The land comprising the site of Milford, the Manor of Hubberston and Pill, was acquired by the Barlow family following the dissolution of the monasteries in the mid-16th century. It acquired an additional strategic importance in the 17th century as a Royalist military base. Charles I ordered a fort to be built at Pill which could prevent re-enforcement of the Parliamentarian garrison of Pembroke Castle, and this was completed in 1643. On 23 February 1644, a Parliamentarian force led by Rowland Laugharne crossed the Haven and landed at Castle Pill. The fort was gunned from both land and water, and a garrison was placed in Steynton church to prevent a Royalist attack from the garrison at Haverfordwest. The fort was eventually surrendered, and quickly taken, along with St Thomas a Becket chapel. Just five years later in 1649 Milford Haven was again the site of Parliamentarian interest when it was chosen as the disembarkation site for Oliver Cromwell's Invasion of Ireland. Cromwell arrived in the Haven on 4 August, meeting George Monck, before Cromwell and over a hundred crafts left for Dublin on 15 August.
By the late 18th century, the two creeks which would delimit the future town of Milford's boundaries to the east and west, namely Hakin and Castle Pill, were being used as harbours for ships to load and unload coal, corn and limestone., A ferry service to Ireland operated from Hakin around the start of the 19th century, although this ceased in the early 19th century. Although surrounding settlements at Steynton, Thornton, Priory, Liddeston and Hubberston/Hakin were established, they were little more than hamlets. The only man-made structures on the future site of Milford were the medieval chapel, and Summer Hill Farm, and its accompanying cottages.
Coastal landscape and history.
Parts of the Haven are within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park. The northern side is within the Preseli Environmentally Sensitive Area. The area includes: Angle Bay, Carew and Cresswell Rivers, Cosheston Pill, Daugleddau, Gann Estuary, Pembroke River, Pwllcrochan Flats and West Williamston Quarries Sites of Special Scientific Interest; Carew, Haverfordwest, Llangwm, Milford Haven, Neyland, Pembroke and Pembroke Dock (Royal Dockyard) Conservation Areas.
The littoral landscape of Milford Haven shows evidence of maritime conquest, settlement, commerce, fishing and defence from the 11th century to the 20th century. Iron Age promontory forts are sited on several of the headlands at the entrance and along the course of the Haven and the Daugleddau. Early medieval, Christian and Viking sites are evidenced by place-names, documentary and epigraphic evidence, such as Early Christian Inscribed Stone monuments. The Norman conquest, achieved by coastally sited castle boroughs, is still obvious at Pembroke, at Haverfordwest, and at Carew. Carew did not develop into a borough, but excavations have shown that a Dark Age stronghold and possible Romano-British site preceded the Norman castle.
Around the start of the 19th century, two new towns were constructed: Milford in 1790 by Sir William Hamilton, and Pembroke Dock in 1802 as the site for a new Royal Naval Dockyard. Both towns have regular planned layouts, both have experienced a history of boom and slump in shipbuilding, fishing and as railheads and ocean terminals. These two towns, which could handle the larger vessels then entering service, concentrated trade that had previously been dispersed at quays, jetties and landing places and small settlements such as Pennar, Lawrenny, Landshipping and Cosheston further up river. These small ports served the coal mines of the Pembrokeshire Coalfield located on both shores of the Daugleddau, and also the large limestone quarries at West Williamston. The Daugleddau ports flourished in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, but continued to work through the 19th century by changing to using barges to tranship cargoes down river to bigger vessels at the mid-Haven ports.
In the late 19th century, concerns about the potential threat posed by the French Navy prompted the construction of a number of Palmerston Forts at various strategically important coastal sites, including Milford Haven. Most of the forts are now disused. The late 20th century brought the jetties, oil terminals and shore processing facilities of the oil and power industries. This industry reached its zenith in the 1970s when Middle Eastern supply difficulties forced oil transport to use ocean routes and Very Large Crude Carriers for which the Haven, with its deep waters and westerly position, was particularly suited.
Shipping port.
Milford Haven has the largest port in Wales, and the third largest port in the United Kingdom. Shipping operations in Milford Haven are managed by the independent Milford Haven Port Authority as a trust port. The port authority has responsibility for managing Milford Docks, Milford Marina and Pembroke Port and Ferry Terminal. In 2012, it was announced that the Milford waterway was to be declared an Enterprise Zone by the coalition government, due to its importance to the energy sector.
Petrochemical industry.
Milford Haven's association with the petro-chemical industry started with the opening of the first oil terminal and oil refinery in 1960; unfortunately this coincided with a serious oil-spill from "Esso Portsmouth", the first oil tanker to unload there. Since then, there have been numerous spills of varying magnitude, providing the port authority with a great deal of experience. Uniquely at the time, the harbourmaster instituted the principle of cleaning up first and allocating the blame (and the responsibility of paying for it) later. There are two large oil refineries nearby which represent one fifth of the United Kingdom's oil refining capacity.
In 1978 the tanker "Christos Bitas" ran aground off the Haven, spilling a portion of its cargo of oil. In 1984, a serious explosion on a tanker being repaired in the Haven resulted in three fatalities. In 1996, it was the location of the "Sea Empress" oil spill, initially thought to be one of the most devastating oil tanker disasters the UK has ever seen. In the event, recovery has been surprisingly good, perhaps partly because of the very strong tides. The comparable "Torrey Canyon" spill in 1968, a ship which had been heading to Milford Haven, affected shores further south around southern Cornwall and northern France, was actually far more damaging.
LNG.
In light of the dwindling supplies of North Sea gas, Milford Haven has become home to two new LNG terminals which eventually could provide 25% of the UK's gas requirement. Under construction from 2006, South Hook is based on the former Esso refinery facility, while Dragon is based on a brownfield site of the Gulf oil refinery, now also housing SEMLogistics chemicals. The regasified natural gas is fed through National Grid plc's South Wales Gas Pipeline to the distribution point at Tirley, Gloucestershire. The first vessel, the Q-Flex-class "Tembek" from Qatar, docked at South Hook on 20 March 2009. First gas to the Dragon facility was delivered 14 July 2009. 
Cruise terminal.
The port authority started promoting Pembrokeshire as a cruise destination in 2003 and passenger numbers have steadily increased since then. In July 2008, the first transatlantic liner, the Maasdam arrived in Milford Haven.
Milford Haven town.
The town of Milford Haven was founded as a whaling centre in the 18th century, and today the town's port is the fourth largest in the United Kingdom in terms of tonnage and plays an important role in the United Kingdom's energy sector with several oil refineries and one of the biggest LNG terminals in the world. Milford Haven is the second largest settlement in Pembrokeshire, with a population of 13,100; though its community boundaries make it the most populous in the county, with 13,096 people. As a community, Milford Haven takes in the town of Milford Haven itself and the villages of Hakin, Hubberston, Liddeston, Steynton and Thornton.
Power generation.
As a first stage of a wave power plant, there will be some testing at West Dale Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="5964789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964789" title="Farmer Boys">
Farmer Boys

Farmer Boys is a quick service restaurant chain in the Southern California area. It is based in Riverside, California. 
Farmer Boys describes itself as a quick service restaurant serving freshly prepared foods with casual dining style service, combined with drive-through service. As of 2010, Farmer Boys has 68 locations in five counties across Southern California, mostly in the Inland Empire, with locations in Orange County (California) as well as in Las Vegas, Nevada (in Clark County). Farmer Boys opened their first restaurant outside California in Las Vegas in July 2008, while their first store outside the familiar Inland Empire service area was in Bakersfield in 2006 (there are stores currently operating in the Fresno suburb of Clovis, the Modesto suburb of Riverbank, as well as Tulare (in Tulare County) and Hanford (in Kings County.).
History.
Farmer Boys was founded by the Havadjias brothers in 1981. The Havadjias family were immigrants from Cyprus. The brothers originally owned Astro Burgers in Torrance, California in 1979 and Theodore's Restaurant in Hollywood, California in 1981 prior to owning McCoy's Restaurant in Perris, California. McCoy's Restaurant became the first Farmer Boys restaurant after renaming McCoy's restaurant in August 1981. About 16 years later, Farmer Boys had grown to eight restaurants. A year later, Farmer Boys was granted franchise status and later in the year, a Farmer Boys restaurant opened in Temecula, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5964794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964794" title="Marieke van Drogenbroek">
Marieke van Drogenbroek

Maria ("Marieke") van Drogenbroek (born December 16, 1964 in Utrecht) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Lynda Cornet, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.

</doc>
<doc id="5964815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964815" title="Party-directed mediation">
Party-directed mediation

Party-Directed Mediation (PDM) is a mediation approach that seeks to empower each party in a dispute, enabling each party to have more direct influence upon the resolution of a conflict, by offering both means and processes for enhancing the negotiation skills of contenders. The intended prospect of party-directed mediation is to improve upon the ability and willingness of disputants to deal with subsequent differences.
The concept behind party-directed mediation, depending upon the degree to which a case lends itself, is that if and when parties wish to spend the time to acquire the skills necessary to become more effective negotiators, then they can be empowered to achieve a self-directed resolution. The concept is most effective for disputants who wish to have a greater hand in resolving their own conflicts.
Party-directed mediation is of special value where individuals or stakeholders will continue to have ongoing interactions, as well as for conflicts with significant interpersonal aspects. As people become more talented negotiators, through adoption of enhanced negotiation skills, they tend to deal more effectively with conflict.
Essential elements.
Two of most salient elements of party directed mediation generally are:
In some instances, the pre-caucus may be so effective that parties go on to solve their conflict without a mediator. In fact, most people are able to resolve most of their conflicts without a mediator. There are times, however, when mediators are very much needed.
Pre-caucus.
In the pre-caucus, the mediator meets with each party separately, away from other parties, before they are ever brought together into a joint session. The purpose of the pre-caucus is to help each party release their pent up concerns enough to enable them to gain a broader perspective, and to prepare the parties to pursue their own agenda in the ensuing joint session.
Joint session.
In the joint session, individuals are situated so they sit face to face in order to address each other directly, rather than through the mediator. To enhance this delegation of responsibility, clients sit facing directly across a table from each other, while the mediator sits at a distance from both. This assures that both parties must address each other, directly. Parties often must be reminded that the mediator is there to help the parties take responsibility for managing their own conflict, rather than to judge between the merits of the position of one party or the other.
Concept origins.
The Party-Directed Mediation model was developed by Gregorio Billikopf of the University of California. One aspect of the mediation model focuses on listening, using the techniques of client centered therapy (developed by Carl Rogers). [http://www.mediate.com/articles/billind1.cfm] The role of the mediator is primarily to be a good listener and coach, thereby allowing the parties involved to have free rein over the specific steps taken toward resolving a conflict or achieving a compromise.

</doc>
<doc id="5964816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964816" title="Dalip Tahil">
Dalip Tahil

Dalip Tahil (born 30 October 1952, Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India) is an Indian film, television and theatre actor. He did his schooling from the elite Sherwood College in Nainital, India. After attending Aligarh Muslim University (Aligarh UP) for a year, he then Graduated from st. Xavier's College, Mumbai.
Career.
Films.
Dalip Tahil began to appear on stage while at school in Sherwood College, Nainital, at the age of 10. Dalip's participation over the years in the school choir, elocution competitions, the Nativity plays and formal and informal concerts gave him the perfect platform to be cast in principal parts which won him, during his senior years at school, the prestigious 'Kendall Cup' for the best actor two years in succession, first As 'Joseph' in the play 'My three Angels', and again as 'Macbeth' in Shakespeare's 'Macbeth'. He was declared the best actor for a record third Time in 1969, his final year at Sherwood College.
Dalip moved along with his Family to Mumbai in 1968, and joined the Theatre Group Bombay, and trained under its Director's 'Alyque & Pearl Padamsee'. He appeared in some of its major productions, such as 'John the Baptist', 'Jesus' in' Godspell', 'Pearl Padamsee'(India's first English Theatre Musical), 'Stanley Kowalski', in Tennessee Williams 'A Street Car Named Desire' Dir. 'Alyque Padamsee'.
He played Galy Gay, in Amal Alana's production of Bhertolt Brecht's 'Man is a man'.
'Andrew lloyd Webber's' musical 'Evita' Dir (Alyque Padamsee),that established him as a Singer/Actor star.
Film Director 'Shyam Benegal' noticed Dalip,and offered him a part in his first feature film 'Ankur'.
In The early 80's, India's foremost Film Director Ramesh Sippy offered him a principal part in his epic production 'Shaan'. This was followed by a cameo in Sir Richard Attenborough's Iconic film Gandhi. He went on to play principal character roles, demonstrating his versatility and unique talent in over 100 Bollywood films from the 1980s to 2013. He also appeared in the Merchant-Ivory English films "The Deceivers" and "The Perfect Murder" (1988). His most notable Bollywood film roles include "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak", "Ram Lakhan", "Tridev", "Kishen Kanhaiya", Thanedaar, Deewana, Baazigar, Darr, Ishq, Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani, King Uncle, "Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke", "Kaho Na Pyar Hai"," etc.
In 1984, he acted as the father of Baby Sonia in India's first 3-D film "My Dear Kuttichathan" produced by Navodaya.
Dalip will be seen in 2013 portraying the role of 'Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru', in 'Rakesh Om Prakash Mehra's' 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' with Director/Actor Farhan Akhtar in the Title Role Of Milkha Singh. 
In 2007, he starred in the Punjabi movie "Sajna ve Sajna".
He has starred in several films alongside Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan including "Deewana", "Baazigar", "Darr", "King Uncle", "Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani" and "Ra.One"
Television.
On television, Tahil played roles in Sanjay Khan's television serial "The Sword of Tipu Sultan" and Ramesh Sippy's "Buniyaad". He got international recognition when he bagged the role of Dan Ferriera,(Principal regular over 90 episodes through 2003) in the iconic BBC Television Drama 'Eastenders.
Dalip's unscheduled absence from Eastenders was a result of an insufficient work permit Application, which compelled him to appeal to the Secretary of State in the UK. Dalip was subsequently granted indefinite Leave to Remain in the UK. 
In 2007, he appeared in the BBC2 mini-series "Nuclear Secrets" in the episode "Terror Traders" playing Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan.
He is internationally known for starring in the part of 'Madan Kumar'(ORIGINAL CAST) in the 'Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber' /'A.R Rahman',Theatre Musical 'Bombay Dreams'in which he performed in over 500 shows through 2002,at The 'Appolo Theatre' Victoria in London, UK.
Music.
He has also released an album titled Raaz Ki Baaten.

</doc>
<doc id="5964817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964817" title="History of the Jews in Monaco">
History of the Jews in Monaco

Monaco had a very small Jewish presence prior to World War II, numbering approximately 300 people. During the war, the principality's government issued false identity papers to its Jewish residents to protect them from Nazi deportation. Prince Louis II refused to dismiss Jewish civil servants and protected Edouard de Rothschild from deportation. However, Monaco’s police arrested and turned over 42 Central European Jewish refugees to the Nazis.
In 1948, the Association Cultuelle Israelite de Monaco was founded as the official organization of Monaco's Jewish community, and it provides the community with a synagogue, Hebrew school and kosher food store. Today's Jewish community in Monaco consists primarily of retirees from France and the United Kingdom, and there is also a small population of North African and Turkish Jews.
While Monaco has almost no Jewish citizens, approximately 1,000 Jewish expatriates of other countries comprise about 2.86% of Monaco's total residents (citizen and non-citizen combined). This means Monaco has the highest per capita total of Jewish residents of any country in the world outside of Israel (though not the highest per capita amount of Jewish citizens). 
Monaco has full diplomatic relations with Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="5964819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964819" title="Revival (Eurythmics song)">
Revival (Eurythmics song)

"Revival" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, along with keyboardist Pat Seymour and vocalist Charlie Wilson (of The Gap Band) who also sang backing vocals for the track. Produced by Dave Stewart and Jimmy Iovine, it was the first single to be released from Eurythmics' 1989 album "We Too Are One".
Lennox and Stewart returned to a rock/R&B sound for the album, and "Revival" is an uptempo tune which lyrically is a call for renewal and encouragement. The single reached number 26 in the UK, and was the duo's sixteenth (and final) Top 20 single in Australia. "Revival" was not released as a single in the United States.
Track listing.
UK 7"
UK 12" & CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="5964822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964822" title="Milivoje Novaković">
Milivoje Novaković

Milivoje Novaković (born 18 May 1979 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian footballer who plays for Japanese side Shimizu S-Pulse.
Club career.
Milivoje came to 1. FC Köln from the Bulgarian PFC Litex Lovech, where he rose to prominence. He has also played for the Austrian club LASK Linz, having begun his career with Olimpija.
With Litex he reached the 2005–06 UEFA Cup round of 32, came third in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group and became the championship's top goalscorer.
He had been linked with German team 1. FC Köln, Israeli team Beitar Jerusalem FC and Bulgarian champions Levski Sofia, but he nevertheless played for Litex in the 2006–07 UEFA Cup against his compatriots FC Koper and AC Omonia from Cyprus despite his wish to continue his career in a different team. He finally joined 1. FC Köln in late August 2006 for around €1.5 million. He was the top goalscorer in the 2. Bundesliga during the 2007–08 season with the club.
On 12 September 2008, coach Christoph Daum made him captain of the first team squad of 1. FC Köln. During the 2008–09 season, he led his team (1. FC Köln) with 16 goals in the Bundesliga. In late November 2009, he lost his captaincy due to a dispute with Cologne's new manager Zvonimir Soldo. In the 2010–11, season he reached the third place in the Bundesliga top scorer's list, with 17 goals.
On 1 August 2012, Novaković joined J League side Omiya Ardija, on loan until December 2012. After the end of the loan contract, Novaković returned to Cologne and stayed fit with an individual training program. On 26 January 2013, the loan was eventually renewed through 31 December 2013.
International career.
He is a striker in the national football team with impressive performances, notably a hat-trick for Slovenia against Trinidad and Tobago. He retired from international football on 13 February 2012, saying he wanted to focus on club football. However, in January 2013 he said that he is ready to play for the national football team once again. On 11 October 2013, he scored a hat-trick against Norway in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifications. 

</doc>
<doc id="5964831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964831" title="Tony Peraica">
Tony Peraica

Anthony J. "Tony" Peraica (born April 14, 1957) was the Cook County Commissioner for the 16th district, and was the Republican nominee for Cook County Board President in 2006.
Life.
The Peraica family is an old hajduk or uskok family. Tony Peraica was born in Croatia in 1957, and was orphaned at the age of 11. He came to the United States when he was 13. He lived in Bridgeport, a neighborhood in Chicago, with his aunt and uncle. He attended the University of Illinois at Chicago, where he earned his B.A. in political science. He went on to earn his J.D. from the John Marshall Law School. He was admitted to the Illinois Bar in 1984, and continues to work as a lawyer in private practice at Anthony J. Peraica & Associates. As an underdog candidate, he was elected to the Cook County Board of Commissioners in 2002 as a Republican.
Tony Peraica served as the Lyons Township Republican Committeeman from 2002 to December 31, 2012.
In 2006, Peraica secured the Republican nomination for board president. Democrat Forrest Claypool challenged incumbent John Stroger in the Democratic primary. Stroger fell ill in the days leading up the primary, but defeated Claypool narrowly. Stroger withdrew from the general election, and the Democratic Party selected his son, Todd Stroger, to take his place on the ballot. Peraica ran a strong campaign in the heavily Democratic county, but ultimately lost in a close race to the younger Stroger. Peraica did, however, secure reelection to the county board.
In November 2008, Peraica lost the race for Cook County State's Attorney to Anita Alvarez, who was backed by the Chicago Democratic Party, in November 2008's general election. In 2010 Republican Primary election, Peraica defeated his opponent 75% to 25%. 
In the 2010 Election for the Cook County 16th district Commissioner he was arrested for tearing up signs of his Democratic opponent Jeffery Tobolski in McCook, Illinois.
On November 2, 2010 Tony Peraica lost his bid for reelection to Democrat Jeffery Tobolski garnering 42.3 of the vote to Tobolski's 50.6%.
On December 4, 2012 Peraica was found him guilty of criminal damage to property for defacing the former rival’s campaign signs prior to the 2010 election and he sentenced to four months of courts supervision.
Peraica, his wife Nilofar Peraica, and their two children Marko and Anisa live in Riverside, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5964833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964833" title="Campbell Hospital, Portsoy">
Campbell Hospital, Portsoy

Campbell Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in Portsoy, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian. It is currently a geriatric hospital, although it was formerly known as Campbell Infectious Diseases Hospital. Campbell Hospital is scheduled to close when development work at Chalmers Hospital, Banff is completed.

</doc>
<doc id="5964834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964834" title="Lynda Cornet">
Lynda Cornet

Lynda Ann Cornet (born January 26, 1962 in Leiden, Zuid-Holland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.

</doc>
<doc id="5964839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964839" title="Peter Roe">
Peter Roe

Peter Roe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5964843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964843" title="Washington Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Washington Township, Wood County, Ohio

Washington Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,841 people in the township, 1,474 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
It is one of forty-three Washington Townships in Ohio.
Geography.
Located in the northwestern part of the county along the Maumee River, it borders the following townships:
The village of Tontogany is located in Washington Township.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5964851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964851" title="Harbour View High School">
Harbour View High School

Harbour View High School is a high school located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. There are approximately 1,000 (as of 2010-11) students attending grades 9-12 there. The school has about 60 teachers. The schools Principal is "Mr. David Morgan" and two Vice Principals "Mrs.MacGregor (11-12)" and "Mrs.Curwin (9-10)", HVHS was formed in 1997 with 900 students, when the former Saint John Vocational School (200 students) was transformed into HVHS to accommodate School District 8's new geographic zoning policy for its 5 high schools. In 2001, the school population was over 1300. Harbour View High, despite its location in Saint John's North End, was meant to serve the high school students for Saint John, New Brunswick's Westside, the Grand Bay–Westfield area, and Fundy Shores. The school, although no longer formally a vocational school, still carries many trade-related options. A full range of academic courses exists alongside many vocational-type courses from Metals Processing to Business to Child Studies. Harbour View also has a selection of Fine Arts courses which, alongside visual arts and music, offers Fine Arts 110, History of Rock and Roll, and Graphic Art & Design.
Facilities.
Academic
Student Use
Guidance
Student life.
School Clubs.
Several student clubs meet at Harbour View High School including a Gay/Straight Alliance (GSA). This group meets every week to raise awareness about bullying both at school and off school.

</doc>
<doc id="5964854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964854" title="Kevin Larsen">
Kevin Larsen

Kevin Larsen (born 10 May 1986) is a Norwegian footballer who plays left back for Sandefjord. He also has matches for the Norway national under-21 football team.
He previously played for Store Bergan and Runar in his home town Sandefjord, before making his Tippeligaen debut for Lyn in 2005. On 10 April 2005, he made his debut against Fredrikstad, where he scored Lyn's only goal in a 1–1 draw.
On 25 October 2007, Larsen signed a three year contract with Tromsø. 
On 18 February 2011, Larsen signed a three year contract with Hønefoss.

</doc>
<doc id="5964858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964858" title="Chi (magazine)">
Chi (magazine)

Chi (Italian for ""Who"") is an Italian weekly gossip magazine, based in Segrate, Milan, Italy. 
It is published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, the biggest Italian publishing company.
Photo of Princess Diana.
The magazine came under criticism for publishing a picture of Princess Diana, taken as she was dying. The photo, which is black-and-white, depicts Diana receiving oxygen in the wreckage of the vehicle in which she died on August 31, 1997. The picture, which was also run with black bars across the Princess's face in the British newspaper The Sun, was taken from the book "Lady Diana : L'enquete criminelle" by Jean-Michel Caradec'h. Despite the criticism, the editor of the magazine has defended their decision to publish it.
Photos of Kate Middleton.
On September 17, 2012, the magazine published unauthorized photographs of Kate Middleton, the wife of Britain's Prince William. The couple is suing the magazine.
On February 12, 2013, it was widely reported that the magazine had obtained more unauthorized photographs of Kate Middleton, this time of her on a private holiday in the Caribbean whilst pregnant, and plans to publish them. St James's Palace condemned the magazine for infringing on the Duchess' privacy. Indeed, the magazine did publish the photographs the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="5964861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964861" title="Franklinton, Columbus, Ohio">
Franklinton, Columbus, Ohio

Franklinton is a neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio. Franklinton is the original settlement in Franklin County, Ohio. As the city of Columbus grew, the city annexed and incorporated the existing settlement and today it exists as a neighborhood immediately west of downtown.
A portion of the neighborhood gets its nickname of "The Bottoms" because much of the land lies below the level of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers, and a floodwall is required to contain the rivers and protect the area from floods. The low-lying bottom land was well suited for farming, with the river serving as a direct connection to the Ohio River.
History.
Settlement and founding (1795–1859).
In 1795 Lucas Sullivant was employed by the Commonwealth of Virginia to survey the Central Ohio portion of the Virginia Military District . Sullivant, along with approximately 20 men surveyed the western side of the Scioto River at the confluence of the Olentangy and Scioto Rivers. As payment for his work, Sullivant was given 6000 acres in the Refugee Tract reserved for those who aided the American Revolution. 
Sullivant, after surveying the land, returned to Kentucky where he courted Sarah Starling, the daughter of his mentor Colonel William Starling. In 1797, Sullivant returned to the Ohio and laid out a village of 220 lots in Franklin County, which he named Franklinton in honor of the recently deceased Benjamin Franklin. This original settlement was abandoned in 1798, a year later, when a flood submerged most of the town. Sullivant relocated the town less than a mile away, off of the banks of the Scioto River.
The replatted town was laid out in blocks that contained four lots in a square, with each lot measuring 99’ wide by 115’ deep. To encourage people to move to the new settlement, Sullivant offered free land for anyone willing to build a house along Gift Street, near the eastern edge of his plat. Along with platting and settling the town, Sullivant also built several structures out of brick and glass from Philadelphia. These buildings included a courthouse, a brick home to impress Starling (who was wed to Sullivant in 1801), a brick church and the first bridge across the Scioto River.
The town of Franklinton was then made the County Seat of Franklin County in 1803, when Franklin County was created from Ross County. The population and town grew during the War of 1812, as Franklinton served as a staging point for General William Henry Harrison’s army. Following the war, the community continued to grow with the expansion of the country's railway system along with the construction of a new state capitol, Columbus, on the east, or opposite, side of the Scioto River. Columbus’s growth eventually led to the relocation of the county seat to the City of Columbus in 1824 and the annexation of Franklinton by the City of Columbus in 1859.
Post-annexation (1860–1899).
During the last half of the nineteenth century, four railroads were established in Franklinton and brought commercial and industrial growth. In 1850, the Columbus and Xenia Railroad Company was chartered to build and operate a railroad that ran from Columbus, Ohio to Xenia, Ohio. This railroad was the first to run through Columbus and into central Franklinton. The growth of local railroads and governmental action in the United States, including Abraham Lincoln’s Pacific Railway Act, caused railroads to become a major form of transportation in the twentieth century. By 1902, the popularity of the railroads forced Ohio canals into retirement. The need for interurban travel created Columbus interurban railways.
Franklinton quickly transformed from a farming based community to an urban society known for its’ railroad cars and horse-drawn buggies. The railroad service and industrial development drew people from the southwest part of the state and West Virginia. Many of these people chose to reside in the East Franklinton area to be closer to the industrial activity. Although Franklinton continued to grow as an industrial center, the frequent flooding near most of the industrial development proved to be problematic. Franklinton experienced a multiple minor floods, which ravaged the west side in 1852, 1859, 1862, and in September 1866 the river rose 12 feet.
20th century (1900–1999).
The town Franklinton experienced extreme flooding when the wooden levees, holding the Scioto River, collapsed on March 25, 1913. The Great Flood of 1913 engulfed the neighborhood of Franklinton with 7 to 17 feet of water. Police officers in horse-drawn carriages traveled the flooded streets, warning residents to head to the higher ground of the adjacent Hilltop neighborhood. While recording the devastation of the flooding, Robert F. Wolfe, publisher of the Columbus Evening Dispatch, chartered an interurban train from Columbus to Buckeye Lake and took nine motorboats and 20 rowboats with him to the rivers edge. From Rich & Scioto Street he was able to help residents who could not get to higher ground. The rising of the waters swept ninety-three people to their deaths and left 20,000 people homeless. It also destroyed nearly 500 buildings and every bridge in the downtown area. A large number of residents relocated to the Hilltop. As a result, property values dropped as much as 50%. Early estimates of the flood damage to homes and businesses came in at five million dollars with the eventual total climbing to $22 million. The damages from The Great Flood of 1913 led to some the first watershed planning and flood-control measures.
The 1959 Flood was the last major flood to hit the Franklinton area. On January 22, 1959, the Frank Road crest on the Scioto River came and was 27.22 ft. above the flood stage level. The frozen ground throughout the area was partly responsible for the large volume and rapid rate of runoff of the heavy rain.
In 1983, The Federal Emergency Management Agency declared almost all of Franklinton to be a floodplain. The City Council adopted an ordinance that restricted building in the area. The federal guidelines that prohibited all types of construction caused Franklinton to face a gradual population decline.
During the latter half of the twentieth century, the construction of the Interstate Highway system had a major effect on Franklinton. The inner belt construction of the 1960s removed several buildings along Sandusky Street, resulting in lowered property values and driving families out of East Franklinton. In addition to the land use and population changes that occurred, the inner belt formed a barrier which sealed off the side of East Franklinton that was not bordered by the Scioto River. This isolation was reinforced with the construction of West Interstate 70.
21st century (2000–present).
Today, Franklinton is an urban neighborhood consisting of about 36,000 residents. Though recent redevelopment efforts have improved the area, 56% of Franklinton residents lack a high school diploma, over 60% of residents live below the poverty line, and 93% of students at the school’s public elementary school are eligible for free or reduced lunch. 
The 7-mile long Franklinton Floodwall has led a resurgence of development in Franklinton. This resurgence is evidenced through multiple community plans, as well as the creation of the Franklinton Area Commission. In the past, Franklinton's frequent floods prevented many developments. The Franklinton Floodwall, completed in 2004, is able to protect the area to crests of up to 30.9 ft. Today, the wall's completion has led to the revitalization of Franklinton. Without flooding, commercial and industrial activities have become a stable portion of the Franklinton community.
The City of Columbus is focusing on creating a new Short North style neighborhood in Franklinton through developing an urban creative district. This new neighborhood is now centered between Gift, Town, Lucas, and Rich Streets, with hope to expand to East Franklinton. The first main developers in the area are Goody Clancy, Urban Smart Growth, Franklinton Development Association, Lance Robin, and Chris Sherman. These key developers have purchased existing buildings and are working to refurbish existing buildings to retain the character of Franklinton.
Geography.
Franklinton is a neighborhood bordered by the Scioto River on the north and east, Harmon Avenue on the east, Stimmel Road and Greenlawn Avenue on the south, and Interstate 70 on the west. West Broad Street, also known as U.S. Route 40 and the National Road, is Franklinton's main thoroughfare. It is the neighborhood immediately west of Downtown Columbus, Ohio. A portion of the neighborhood gets its nickname of "The Bottoms" because much of the land lies below the level of the Scioto and Olentangy rivers, and a flood wall is required to contain the rivers and protect the area from devastating floods. Two hundred years later, the area remains concerned about the potential for flooding and is continues to be called the “The Bottoms”. Just to the west of Franklinton is a large group of smaller neighborhoods commonly referred to as "The Hilltop".
Land use.
Franklinton is characterized by a mix of land uses, reflecting its pattern of development as an independent, self-sufficient community. The District allows a wide variety of land uses – depending on the sub-district – to reflect the current urban nature. Many buildings can contain residential, commercial, office, research, institutional and certain light industrial uses, even within the same building. Arts-related uses are emphasized while existing single-family homes are protected.
Three sub-districts have been established in which land uses are organized: Broad Street, Arts and Innovation, and Dodge Park. These are consistent with the way the East Franklinton Plan was organized. The Broad Street and Arts and Innovation sub-districts strongly support mixed uses and the Dodge Park sub- district (north of Dodge Park) emphasizes residential. Single and multi-family residential uses are located throughout the area. There are also many commercial uses, most of which are located along West Broad Street. These include both neighborhood-oriented and regional commercial uses, including large office complexes and a retail center. In addition, there are many manufacturing land uses in Franklinton, with the heaviest concentrations along McKinley and Harmon avenues. Franklinton also contains many institutional and public land uses. The Center of Science and Industry (COSI), Mt. Carmel West Medical Center, and Veterans Memorial are among the major land users within this category.
Housing.
Based on the 2000 US Census, there are 5,444 housing units in Franklinton. About 1,000 of them are empty, which occupies 18.4%. Only 29.2% of those units have owners. Up till 2012, 90% of the housing units are rentals. The rate at Franklinton is higher than the average rates in most of the Columbus neighborhoods.
The Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority is an organization which aims to help people who have difficulty to afford housing, as well as build healthy living environments for the community. The CMHA formed at 1934, and begin its construction of public housing until 1937. The first project was the Poindexter Village, which can include more than 400 families to live in.
Structures and landmarks.
Parks.
The Franklinton neighborhood contains several parks, such as McKinley Park, Cody Park, Maurice Gates Memorial Park, and Genoa Park. The McKinley Park is a neighborhood park located at McKinley Ave. at the northwest of Franklinton. The neighborhood consists of 6.95 acres, which includes athletic fields, basketball courts, picnicking facilities, and playgrounds. The area serves as a public space for the residents. The Cody Park, located at Brehl Avenue, covers 0.29 acres of land and has a playground similar to Maurice Gates Memorial Park. The Genoa Park, once called the Riverfront Amphitheater, can be found on the West bank of the Scioto River. It has an area of 2,07 acres and access to a greenway trail that serves as a walking trail for residents to enjoy. The Genoa Park hosts events such as Rhythm on the River, Waterfire, and Latino Festival.
Landmarks.
The Dodge Recreation Center, Sullivant Gardens Community Center, McDowell Senior Center are three recreational centers located in Franklinton neighborhood. The Dodge Recreation Center and Sullivant Avenue provides various facilities such as athletic fields and swimming pools for the community
Franklinton holds several centers for restaurants and social spaces. These are:
Green Lawn Abbey.
In 1927, the Green Lawn Abbey was built by the Columbus Mausoleum Company. The private community mausoleum was designed with a gray granite exterior and columned second-floor portico. In the nineteenth century, cities were closing burying grounds within city limits. Private community mausoleum began to appear in the 1920s. Green Lawn Abbey was the largest with 654 crypts, one-and-a-half-thick walls, marble floors, a central chapel and foyer area and stained-glass windows.
Harley-Davidson Motor Co..
The family-owned company A.D Farrow settled in Franklinton in 1941 and is the oldest Harely-Davidson dealership in America. In 1983, Alan and Pat Doerman purchased the dealership and refurbished the original building. The original shop has since been refashioned as the A.D Farrow Museum. In 2002, the dealership celebrated the 100th anniversary of Harley-Davidson.
Holy Family Catholic Church.
The Gothic-style church began construction in 1885. It was completed on June 2, 1889 and dedicated by Bishop Watterson. The Gothic-style church can seat one thousand. During the Flood of 1913, upper floors were used to provide flood relief.
Rail Depot.
The Depot moved to the Old Henderson Road on 2003. It was located in Brice, Ohio during the 1880s. It has been kept in its original form and has been used to hold different kinds of events. The ceiling is still in its original red pine bead board, with hand-hewn hickory floors. Inside the Depot are walls from a Quaker church that are 150 years old and tables made out of 300-year-old hardwoods. Every detail in the Depot has been preserved in its original appearance.
COSI.
COSI Columbus is the Center of Science and Industry in Columbus Ohio. It opened at Memorial Hall in 1964, and moved to West Broad Street in 1999. The center is designed by Arata Isozaki, which covers a land for about 320,000 square feet. It has been named America’s No. 1 science center for families by the Parents Magazine.Retrieved March 28, 2014 The center holds exhibits in different themes, such as energy explorers, ocean, space. Its education programs have engaged over five million teachers and students. The COSI is also a non-profit organization, which has large number of volunteers serving for its activities.
Floodwall.
The Franklinton Flood wall began its construction in 1993 and ended in 2004 with an expenditure of 193 million dollars. It protects this area from flooding from the Scioto River with an area up to 30.9 feet. The flood at 1959 was one of the worst disasters throughout Franklinton’s history.
Streets and transportation.
Broad Street.
Broad Street is one of the major east-west main stems in Franklinton. The others are McKinley, Sullivant, Town Rich and Mound Streets. The Broad Street is between McKinley Avenue and the Sullivant Avenue. It goes across the I-70, Central Avenue, Glenwood Avenue, SR 315 and High Street, which make it one of the most significant road in Columbus. In the Columbus Thoroughfare Olan, it was classified as a type “6-2” arterial, which means six moving lanes, and two way. Like its name, Broad Street is a wide street with about 60 feet width can carrying 16,000 vehicles a day.
Sullivant Avenue.
The Sullivant Avenue is also one of the major east-west main stems in Franklinton. Unlike the Broad Street, it is a “4-2D” type arterials, which could be explained as “four moving lanes, two way and a median divider on mainline sections”. The Sullivant Avenue goes pass I-70, Central Avenue, Glenwood Avenue, and ends at Davis Avenue at the east. It lies between Town Street and Mound Street.
Neighborhood plans.
Frainklinton Plan.
The Franklinton Plan was contributed by the City Council in 2003, as a future plan for design for the Franklinton Area. It shows the current condition, goals, policies, and strategies for different planning aspects. This plan has covered land use and zoning, housing, parks recreation and open space, traffic and streets, sanitary sewers, urban design, historic preservation, economic development, and maps in different sections that would be improved.
The McKinley Avenue Corridor Plan.
The McKinley Avenue Corridor Plan was initiated in 2000. This plan is for an area locates 1.5 miles west of the downtown. It could be accessed from I-270, I-70, Broad Street and State Road 33. The McKinley Avenue Corridor is one of the most productive employment areas in Columbus with more than 5,000 employees. This plan mainly focused on the property, land use and zoning, streets and traffics, as well as public safety problem.
According to the Franklinton Area Commission:

</doc>
<doc id="5964883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964883" title="Al Beadle">
Al Beadle

Alfred N. Beadle V (1927 – 1998) was an American modernistic architect active in Phoenix, Arizona. 
During his lifetime Beadle was best known for designing Case Study Apartment #1, a three-unit apartment development known as the Triad in Phoenix, AZ, which was part of the Case Study House program of Arts & Architecture magazine. More recently Beadle has been rediscovered for his stylish mid-century residential housing stock and for his influence on desert modernism. All of Beadle's output reflects a rigorous, rectilinear modernist idiom consistent with the work of Mies van der Rohe, Richard Neutra and the postwar steel-frame houses typified by the Case Study experiments. 
Trained in construction during World War II as a Seabee, Beadle moved to Phoenix in the early 1950s and built a variety of commercial and residential projects, including an entire housing development called Paradise Gardens (though he disassociated himself from the project before it was completed), and the local landmark of the Safari Resort in Scottsdale (demolished). 
His lack of an architectural license led to professional difficulties and, at one point, he was charged with practicing without a license. The state of Arizona wanted to "grandfather" him in by giving him a license, but he refused to accept it and went on to take the state's test and passed. As part of his defense, Beadle's lawyer pointed out that another local architect, one Frank Lloyd Wright, was also practicing without the proper credentials. 
Al Beadle won numerous awards from the A.I.A., American Steel Institute - three awards, Valley Beautiful Award, AZ Aggregate Association, Architectural Record Magazine, Institutions Magazine. His work has been featured in many National and International(Italy, Germany and UK) Architectural Publications of note. Architectural Record House Award, selected one of the best 50 houses in the last 25 years. Featured in hard cover book entitled "The Best Record Houses of the Last 25 Years". Major works in Phoenix, Chicago, Salt Lake City, Los Angeles, San Diego and Albuquerque. Bio-Sketch included in "Who's Who in America, 1978" and in "Who's Who in the World, 1982". 
He designed and supervised the construction of the 21-story Executive Towers in 1964, then the tallest high rise in Phoenix, he was only 37. 
In 1993, A.S.U. College of Architecture and Environmental Design had a month long exhibit on "Constructions: Buildings in Arizona by Alfred Newman Beadle". The Architecture College presented a distinguished service award to Beadle.

</doc>
<doc id="5964889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964889" title="Harriet van Ettekoven">
Harriet van Ettekoven

Harriet van Ettekoven (born 6 January 1961 in Zandvoort, North Holland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager. She also competed in the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5964899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964899" title="Gilda Dent">
Gilda Dent

Gilda Dent (née Gold), occasionally referred to as Grace instead of Gilda, is a fictional character who has appeared in "Batman" comic books since "Detective Comics" #66 (August 1942). Associated with her fiancée (later husband) Harvey Dent, who becomes the criminal mastermind Two-Face, she has since been a recurring character throughout various Batman stories involving Two-Face. Her largest role is in the Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale collaboration "".
Fictional character biography.
Pre-Crisis.
In her first appearance Gilda Gold is the fiancée of Harvey "Kent" (later renamed "Dent"), the brilliant and handsome district attorney of Gotham City. Gangster Boss Maroni throws acid in Harvey's face during Maroni's trial, scarring half of his face and warping his mind. Because Gilda is a sculptor, Harvey believes that she worships beauty; therefore (in Dent's mind), neither she—nor anyone else—could ever love or accept a person with such a monstrously "hideous" face as his. Gilda creates a bust of Harvey, which he smashes with a mallet to symbolize his new, ruined self. Even as Two-Face begins a dual career of crime and Robin Hood-style philanthropy, however, he still longs passionately for Gilda, and she for him.
In "Detective Comics" # 80 (1943), she is in the audience when Two-Face and his gang try to rob a classical concert. Gilda follows Two-Face to his hideout, just as Batman and Robin burst in. When Two-Face, having the drop on the Caped Crusader, pulls his gun and opens fire upon his former ally, Gilda leaps in front of the bullet. Pleading to Harvey that she had to make him "understand… before it was too late…", she passes out, shocking Two-Face into thinking he's killed her. Two-Face turns himself in and Gilda is sent to the hospital.
When Two-Face learns from the doctors that Gilda has lost the will to live, he vows to give up his life of crime. After a final tussle with the last of his men, he undergoes plastic surgery and is released from jail after one year. His face and sanity restored, Harvey Kent promises to finally marry Gilda.
In "Superman Family" #211, Harvey Kent (causing confusion with the name of Clark Kent) and Gilda attend the wedding of Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle (the now-retired Catwoman). It is presumed that this version of Harvey and Gilda live happily ever after.
Earth-One.
Gilda did not return to comics again until the late 1970s in "Teen Titans" #48 (June 1977), page 2, panel 2 where Harlequin (Duela Dent) claims to be her daughter, conceived apparently during the brief period seen in "Batman" #234 where Harvey Dent is cured. After Dent's reversion to Two-Face (also seen in flashback in "Batman" #234), Gilda leaves Dent. She is seen carrying baby Duela in one hand and a suitcase in the other.
In "Batman" # 328, it is revealed that Gilda remarried Dave Stevens, Harvey Dent's former assistant. Stevens is murdered by Moroni, who is subsequently killed by Two-Face as revenge for causing Gilda pain. Two-Face disguises himself as a man named Carl Ternison and courts the newly widowed Gilda, trying to have a normal life with her.
When Gilda discovers the truth, Two-Face's madness escalates, and he eventually traps Batman inside an abandoned courthouse. However, before he can pull the trigger, Gilda intercedes, swearing that if he kills Batman, she will think of him only as a murderer and never forgive him. She gives him an ultimatum: "Will it be vengeance or hope?" Torn apart, Two-Face breaks down and begs her for help. He is arrested, but Gilda promises to be there for him as long as he wants to get better.
Post-Crisis.
Her role in Harvey Dent's past was updated into the currently prominent Two-Face origin: "Batman Annual" #14 (1990), a story called "Eye of the Beholder." In this story, it is revealed that Dent's father was an abusive alcoholic who would nightly play a game with his young son: "I'll flip a coin: if it's heads, I beat you. Tails, I don't." Dent spends a lifetime burying his rage and resentment, only to discover that the coin was two-headed all along. While Dent is torn between loving and resenting his father, Gilda clearly despises him; she scoffs that after a lifetime of abuse and cruelty, the only thing Dent's father ever gave him was a coin.
Gilda tries to comfort Dent as his sanity deteriorates. She pleads with him when, upon awakening from a nightmare, he races out of their bed in the middle of the night and goes to his office, "where it's safe." After Harvey is disfigured, Gilda visits him in the hospital to try and give him back the coin. It was in his pocket during the trial, and was also hit by some acid, scarring one side of the coin. She last appears in this story right after Two-Face murders his corrupt former assistant, Adrian Fields, tearfully explaining Dent's abuse history to Batman.
Gilda does not reappear until "Secret Origins Special" # 1, where she (here named Grace) appears on a TV talk show focusing on Gotham's villains. She talks about a time when one of the criminals Dent put away as D.A. returned for revenge by taking her hostage. Two-Face eventually rescued her, beating the ex-con to the point of death, but holding off because Grace demanded he stop. This represents a rare case where Two-Face is not influenced by the coin, but rather by someone else's welfare. She tries once again to appeal to his "good" side, but fails. At the end of the interview, she professes her belief that, one day, Dent would return to her.
Gilda returns in "Batman: Two-Face Strikes Twice." Here, she finds herself at odds with her now-ex-husband, as he believes their marriage failed because he was unable to give her children. She later marries Paul Janus, a reference to the Roman god of doors who had two faces, one facing forward, the other backward. Two-Face attempts to frame Janus as a criminal by kidnapping him and replacing him with a stand-in, whom Two-Face "disfigures" with makeup to make it look as if Janus has gone insane just as Two-Face had. Two-Face is eventually caught by Batman and sent away, and Gilda and Janus reunite. Years later, Gilda gives birth to twins named James and Luke, prompting Two-Face to escape once more and take the twins hostage, as he erroneously believes them to be conceived by Janus using an experimental fertility drug. The end of the book reveals a surprise twist; Batman learns from Gilda that Janus is not the father of Gilda's twins - Dent is. Some of his sperm had been frozen after a death threat had been made against him, and she used some of it to get pregnant. Batman uses this information to convince Dent to free the twins and turn himself in.
Gilda has a larger role and story arc in "", a maxi-series that is part of Two-Face's origin in "Batman Annual" #14. During the nearly year-long story, a serial killer called Holiday systematically murders prominent gangsters. During the series, Gilda's marriage to Dent shows signs of strain; she wants to settle down and start a family, while he is obsessed with capturing Holiday. In a private monologue at the end, Gilda states that she was the original Holiday killer, having committed all of the murders up until New Year's Eve. Gilda indicates that Dent murdered Alberto Falcone on New Year's Eve, taking her place, and that he was the one responsible for the crimes from that point on. The confession is only known to readers, since Alberto confessed to all the Holiday murders upon his capture. Gilda destroys the evidence of her crimes and leaves Gotham City.
Due to the success of "The Long Halloween", the events of the story have generally been accepted into continuity as the "official" story of Batman's early years, given that "Zero Hour" retconned the events of ' and rendered them non-canonical. In ', the Calendar Man is about to reveal Holiday's true identity, but an enraged Two-Face cuts him off.
In Greg Rucka's novelization of "", Dent thinks that Gilda is dead.
In the "One Year Later" story arc "", Dent mentions Gilda when recalling his past life, but the Two-Face persona states "No, Harvey. She's gone now".
Gilda has also appeared outside the DC Universe. In Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale's Marvel Comics miniseries, "Daredevil: Yellow", a mysterious woman named Grace seeks help from Matt Murdock and Foggy Nelson's New York City law firm. She claims to be from out of town and has some knowledge of the legal system, saying her husband was a great man and she did terrible things to protect him. The Owl somehow discovers her secret and blackmails her into helping him kidnap Karen Page, who pleads with her for help. In a panel that strongly resembles Tim Sale's Gilda Dent, she just says, "Someday you'll have a secret too," and leaves.
During Dick Grayson's tenure as Batman, she appears standing over a wounded Harvey Dent. The Riddler reveals that she faked her death and was institutionalized following "The Long Halloween", where she met Mario Falcone, who suffered a similar breakdown following the event of "Dark Victory". After getting involved upon their release, Falcone kept Gilda like a prisoner, and she conspired with the Riddler to steal Two-Face's coin and entice him to rescue her. Knowing that Falcone was on Dent's tail, Gilda faked Harvey's death by appearing to shoot him at point-blank range. When they were finally reunited, she explained how much she missed him, and that she now believed in Two-Face as well as Harvey Dent. Feeling betrayed and manipulated, Two-Face tried to kill her, but hesitated, only to be stopped by Batman. To save Harvey, she shot Batman with a .22, knocking him out and allowing them both to escape. Her ultimate fate remains unknown, and Dick even expressed doubt that she was in fact the real Gilda Dent.

</doc>
<doc id="5964902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964902" title="Riverbend, Columbus, Ohio">
Riverbend, Columbus, Ohio

Riverbend is a neighborhood in southwest Columbus, Ohio. Riverbend started building around 1968 until the mid-1970s. It was a working-class neighborhood. Children played in the local creek and woods along with playing basketball, baseball and softball at Riverbend park where the winning team would ride around the neighborhood honking their horns celebrating their win. There were two summer pools nearby, the Moose Lodge and Wee Bonnie(now gone). A nine hole golf course, also called Wee Bonnie, was next door to the pool and is also gone. The majority of students who live there attend Franklin Heights High school. Riverbend has been in decline due to the aging homes where now many are rented out, losing the sense of community.

</doc>
<doc id="5964906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964906" title="Lino Gallardo">
Lino Gallardo

Lino Gallardo (1773–1837) was a Venezuelan composer, conductor, and string player, and was among the musicians who participated in and contributed to the Wars of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="5964907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964907" title="Christophe Le Mével">
Christophe Le Mével

Christophe Le Mével (born 11 September 1980 in Lannion) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team . He had previously been a member of the squad, having signed with them for the 2011 season, after they sought to add a leading French rider to their roster.
Le Mével left at the end of the 2012 season, and joined on a two-year contract from the 2013 season onwards.
Palmares.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="5964908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964908" title="Webster Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Webster Township, Wood County, Ohio

Webster Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,283 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the eastern central part of the county, it borders the following townships:
No municipalities are located in Webster Township.
Name and history.
It is the only Webster Township statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5964913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964913" title="August Schmarsow">
August Schmarsow

August Schmarsow (26 May 1853, Schildfeld – 19 January 1936, Baden-Baden) was a German art historian. He was born at Schildfeld (now part of Vellahn), Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and was educated in Zürich, Strassburg and Bonn. He became docent of the history of art at Göttingen in 1881, professor there in 1882, at Breslau in 1886, and went to Florence in 1892, and thence to Berlin in 1893. In 1888 he founded the "Kunsthistorisches Institut in Florenz" (Institute for the History of Art, Florence), an institution to promote original research in the history of Italian art, now part of the Max Planck Society, a German state institution. His writings are characterized by sound scholarship and acute criticism. He wrote biographies of David D'Angers, Ingres, and Prudhon in Robert Dohme's "Kunst und Kunstler; Raphael und Pinturicchio in Siena" (1880). he also wrote: 

</doc>
<doc id="5964919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5964919" title="Ravendusk in My Heart">
Ravendusk in My Heart

Ravendusk in My Heart is the debut studio album by Swedish black metal band Diabolical Masquerade. It was released in 1996.

</doc>
