<doc id="5865792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865792" title="List of Theraphosidae species">
List of Theraphosidae species

This is a list of species within the family Theraphosidae. These are tarantulas, large spiders. This family is divided up into 10 subfamilies, as follows:
Aviculariinae.
Aviculariinae are a subfamily of tropical, tree-dwelling New World tarantulas. They range from the Caribbean to South America. Species from the genus "Avicularia" are commonly known as "pinktoe" tarantulas.
Note: West "et al.", 2008 consider the genera "Heteroscodra", "Psalmopoeus" and "Stromatopelma" as members of the subfamily Aviculariinae. Species of the genus "Psalmopoeus" and "Tapinauchenius" do not have urticating hairs, unusual among New World species.
"Avicularia" (Lamarck, 1818) synonym of "Eurypelma" {C. L. Koch, 1850}, "Ancylochiros" (Mello-Leitão, 1920), and "Avicuscodra" [Strand, 1908]
Type species: "Avicularia avicularia"
Transferred to other genera:
"Avicularia annulipes" → "Euoplos annulipes" ("Idiopidae")
"Avicularia anthracina" → "Grammostola antracina"
"Avicularia aureoceps" → "Brachypelma aureoceps"
"Avicularia bistriata" → "Ephebopus murinus"
"Avicularia borelli" → "Grammostola borelli"
"Avicularia brunnipes" → "Kochiana brunnipes"
"Avicularia caniceps" → "Aphonopelma caniceps"
"Avicularia conspersa" → "Rachias conspersus" ("Nemesiidae")
"Avicularia cyaneopubescens" → "Chromatopelma cyaneopubescens"
"Avicularia deborrii" (Becker, 1879) → "Tapinauchenius plumipes"
"Avicularia dubia" → "Vitalius dubius"
"Avicularia duplex" → "Aphonopelma duplex"
"Avicularia embrithes" → "Brachypelma embrithes"
"Avicularia emilia" → "Brachypelma emilia"
"Avicularia epicureana" → "Brachypelma epicureanum"
"Avicularia geotoma" → "Aphonopelma geotoma"
"Avicularia guyana" → "Eupalaestrus guyanus"
"Avicularia hageni" → "Aphonopelma hageni"
"Avicularia helluo" → "Aphonopelma helluo"
"Avicularia hespera" → "Aphonopelma hesperum"
"Avicularia imperatrix" → "Plesiopelma imperatrix"
"Avicularia lanceolata" → "Aphonopelma lanceolatum"
"Avicularia latens" → "Aphonopelma latens"
"Avicularia magdalena" (Karsch, 1879) → "Hapalopus formosus"
"Avicularia marxi" → "Aphonopelma marxi"
"Avicularia mendozae" → "Grammostola mendozae"
"Avicularia mesomelas" → "Megaphobema mesomelas"
"Avicularia minax" (Thorell, 1894) → "Grammostola doeringi"
"Avicularia myodes" → "Plesiopelma myodes"
"Avicularia obscura" → "Ami obscura"
"Avicularia pallida" → "Aphonopelma pallidum"
"Avicularia palmicola" (Mello-Leitão, 1945) → "Iridopelma hirsutum"
"Avicularia panamensis" → "Sericopelma panamense"
"Avicularia parva" → "Catumiri parvum"
"Avicularia parvior" → "Lasiodora parvior"
"Avicularia pulchra" (Mello-Leitão, 1933) and "Avicularia recifiensis" & Brändle, 1996 → "Pachistopelma rufonigrum"
"Avicularia regina" (Chamberlin, 1917) → "Homoeomma strabo"
"Avicularia rustica" → "Aphonopelma rusticum"
"Avicularia sabulosa" → "Brachypelma sabulosum"
"Avicularia saltator" (Pocock, 1903) → "Eupalaestrus weijenberghi"
"Avicularia seemanni" → "Aphonopelma seemani"
"Avicularia seladonia" → "Typhochlaena seladonia"
"Avicularia serrata" → "Aphonopelma serratum"
"Avicularia smithi" → "Brachypelma smithi"
"Avicularia spinicrus" → "Citharacanthus spinicrus"
"Avicularia steindachneri" → "Aphonopelma steindachneri"
"Avicularia stoica" → "Aphonopelma stoicum"
"Avicularia tamaulipeca" → "Clavopelma tamaulipeca"
"Avicularia tripeppi" → "Nhandu tripeppi"
"Avicularia truncata" → "Aphonopelma truncatum"
"Avicularia vagans" → "Brachypelma vagans"
"Avicularia vellutina" → "Vitalius vellutinus"
"Avicularia violacea" → "Tapinauchenius violaceus"
"Avicularia wacketi" → "Vitalius wacketi"
"Avicularia zorodes" → "Iridopelma zorodes"
"Ephebopus" (Simon, 1892)
Type species: "Ephebopus murinus"
Transferred to other genera:
"Ephebopus violaceus" → "Tapinauchenius violaceus"
In synonymy:
"Ephebopus bistriatus" (C. L. Koch, 1838) = "Ephebopus murinus"
"Iridopelma" (Pocock, 1901)
Type species: "Iridopelma hirsutum"
Transferred to other genera:
"Iridopelma seladonium" (C. L. Koch, 1841) → "Typhochlaena seladonia" 2012
In synonymy:
"Iridopelma palmicola" (Mello-Leitão, 1945) = "Iridopelma hirsutum"
"Pachistopelma" (Pocock, 1901)
Type species: "Pachistopelma rufonigrum"
Transferred to other genera:
"Pachistopelma concolor" (Caporiacco, 1947) — Guyana → "Tapinauchenius concolor" 2012 — Guyana
"Psalmopoeus" (Pocock, 1895)
Type species: "Psalmopoeus cambridgei"
In synonymy:
"Psalmopoeus maya" (Witt, 1996) — Belize = "Psalmopoeus reduncus"
"Tapinauchenius" (Ausserer, 1871)
Type species: "Tapinauchenius plumipes"
In synonymy:
"Tapinauchenius purpureus" (Schmidt, 1995) = "Tapinauchenius violaceus"
"Typhochlaena" (C. L. Koch, 1850)
Type species: "Typhochlaena seladonia"
Eumenophorinae.
Eumenophorinae are a subfamily of old-world tarantulas, mostly from Africa and surrounding regions.
"Anandandiella" (Hirst, 1909)
Type species: "Annandaliella travancorica"
"Anoploscelus" (Pocock, 1897)
Type species: "Anoploscelus celeripes"
"Batesiella" (Pocock, 1903) 
"Encyocrates" (Simon, 1892) [Monotypic?]
Transferred to other genera:
"Encyocrates crinita" → "Batesiella crinita"
"Eumenophorus" (Pocock, 1897) synonym of "Monocentropella"
Type species: "Eumenophorus clementsi"
"Heterophrictus" (Pocock, 1900)
Type species: "Heterophrictus milleti"
In synonymy:
"Heterophrictus mahabaleshwari" (Tikader, 1977) = "Heterophrictus milleti" (Pocock, 1900)
"Hysterocrates" (Simon, 1892)
Type species: "Hysterocrates greshoffi"
Transferred to other genera:
"Hysterocrates minimus" → "Phoneyusa minima"
"Hysterocrates severini" (Strand, 1920) → "Phoneyusa bidentata" (Pocock, 1899)
In synonymy:
"Hysterocrates ochraceus congonus" (Strand, 1919) = "Hysterocrates ochraceus"
"Loxomphalia" (Simon, 1889) [Monotypic?]
"Loxoptygus" (Simon, 1903)
Type species: Loxoptygus ectypus"
"Mascaraneus" (Gallon, 2005) 
"Monocentropus" (Pocock, 1897)
Type species: "Monocentropus balfouri"
"Myostola" (Simon, 1903) [Monotypic?]
"Neoheterophrictus Siliwal" (Gupta & Raven, 2012)
Type species: "Neoheterophrictus crurofulvus"
"Pelinobius" (Karsch, 1885) [Monotypic?]
Transferred to other genera:
"Pelinobius stridulantissimus" → "Eumenophorus stridulantissimus"
In synonymy:
"Pelinobius bettoni" (Pocock, 1898), "Pelinobius crawshayi" (Pocock, 1900), "Pelinobius gregori" (Pocock, 1897), and "Pelinobius rufus" (Berland, 1914) = "Pelinobius muticus" (Karsch, 1885)
"Phoneyusa" (Karsch, 1884) synonym of "Loxophobema" {Simon, 1907} and "Umangia" (Strand, 1920)
Type species: "Pelinobius belandana"
Transferred to other genera:
"Phoneyusa bettoni" → "Pelinobius bettoni"
"Phoneyusa celeripes" → "Anoploscelus celeripes"
"Phoneyusa gregori" → "Pelinobius gregori"
"Phoneyusa lesserti" → "Anoploscelus lesserti"
"Phoneyusa mutica" → "Pelinobius muticus"
"Phoneyusa rufa" → "Pelinobius rufus"
In synonymy:
"Phoneyusa severini" (Strand, 1920) and "Phoneyusa umangiana" (Strand, 1920) = "Phoneyusa bidentata"
Type species: "Plesiophrictus millardi"
Transferred to other genera:
"Plesiophrictus bhori" → "Neoheterophrictus bhori"
"Plesiophrictus guangxiensis" → "Chilobrachys guangxiensis"
"Plesiophrictus madraspatanus" → "Neoheterophrictus madraspatanus"
"Plesiophrictus mahabaleshwari" (Tikader, 1977) → "Heterophrictus blatteri" (Gravely, 1935)
"Plesiophrictus milleti" → "Heterophrictus milleti"
In synonymy:
"Plesiophrictus satarensis" (Gravely, 1915) = "Plesiophrictus millardi"
"Sahydroaraneus" (Mirza & Sanap, 2014)
Type species: "Sahydroaraneus hirsti"
Harpactirinae.
Harpactirinae is a group of old-world tarantulas from Africa, though smaller than Eumenophorinae. They are known as baboon spiders for their hairy legs and the thick black scopulae at the end of their feet, which are said to resemble baboons.
"Augacephalus" (Gallon, 2002)
Type species: "Augacephalus breyeri"
In synonymy:
"Augacephalus nigrifemur" (Schmidt, 1995) = "Augacephalus junodi"
"Bacillochilus" (Gallon, 2010) 
"Brachionopus" (Pocock, 1897)
To quote Platnick's World Spider Catalog v. 12.5, "N.B.: transferred here from the Barychelidae by Raven, 1985a: 112; Brachyonopus is an unjustified emendation; Raven's transfer was not accepted by Charpentier, 1993: 5 or Schmidt, 2002a: 12 and 2008: 3, who nevertheless identified no close relatives of the genus among the known barychelids; Gallon, 2002: 204 argued for its inclusion in the Barychelidae but indicated that it "does not fit in any current barychelid subfamily" but later (Gallon, 2010b: 79) considered it a harpactirine.".
In other words, it's taxonomy is in dispute and the many recent workers do not consider it a theraphosid. All are found in South Africa.
"Ceratogyrus" (Pocock, 1897) synonym of Coelogenium Purcell, 1902
Type species: "Ceratogyrus darlingi"
Transferred to other genera:
"Ceratogyrus ezendami" → "Augacephalus ezendami"
"Ceratogyrus nigrifemur" → "Augacephalus nigrifemur"
"Ceratogyrus raveni" (Smith, 1990) → "Pterinochilus chordatus"
In synonymy:
"Ceratogyrus bechuanicus" (Purcell, 1902) and "Ceratogyrus schultzei" (Purcell, 1908) = "Ceratogyrus darlingi"
"Ceratogyrus cornuatus" (De Wet & Dippenaar-Schoeman, 1991) = "Ceratogyrus marshalli"
"Eucratoscelus" (Pocock, 1898)
Type species: "Eucratoscelus constrictus"
Transferred to other genera:
"Eucratoscelus tenuitibialis" (Schmidt & Gelling, 2000) → "Pterinochilus lugardi"
In synonymy:
"Eucratoscelus longiceps" (Pocock, 1898) and "Eucratoscelus spinifer" = "Eucratoscelus constrictus"
"Harpactira" (Ausserer, 1871)
Type species: "Harpactira atra"
Type species: "Harpactirella treleaveni"
Transferred to other genera:
"Harpactirella flavipilosa" (Lawrence, 1936) → "Pterinochilus lugardi"
"Harpactirella latithorax" (Strand, 1908) → "Euathlus vulpinus"
"Harpactirella leleupi" (Benoit, 1965) → "Idiothele nigrofulva"
"Idiothele" (Hewitt, 1919)
Type species: "Idiothele nigrofulva"
In synonymy:
"Idiothele crassispina" (Purcell, 1902) and "Idiothele leleupi" (Benoit, 1965) = "Idiothele nigrofulva"
Type species: "Pterinochilus vorax"
Transferred to other genera:
"Pterinochilus breyeri" → "Augacephalus breyeri"
"Pterinochilus constrictus" and "Pterinochilus spinifer" → "Eucratoscelus constrictus"
"Pterinochilus crassispinus" and "Pterinochilus nigrofulvus" → "Idiothele nigrofulva"
"Pterinochilus junodi" and "Pterinochilus nigrifemur" → "Augacephalus junodi"
"Pterinochilus meridionalis" → "Ceratogyrus meridionalis"
"Pterinochilus schoenlandi" → "Trichognathella schoenlandi"
In synonymy:
"Pterinochilus affinis" (Tullgren, 1910), "Pterinochilus brunellii" (Caporiacco, 1940), "Pterinochilus carnivorus" (Strand, 1917), "Pterinochilus raptor" (Strand, 1906), "Pterinochilus raveni" (Smith, 1990), "Pterinochilus sjostedti" (Tullgren, 1910), and "Pterinochilus widenmanni" (Strand, 1906) = "Pterinochilus chordatus"
"Pterinochilus flavipilosus" (Lawrence, 1936), "Pterinochilus pluridentatus" (Hewitt, 1919), and "Pterinochilus tenuitibialis" = "Pterinochilus lugardi"
"Pterinochilus hindei" (Hirst, 1907), "Pterinochilus leetzi" (Schmidt, 2002), and "Pterinochilus mamillatus" (Strand, 1906) = "Pterinochilus murinus"
"Pterinochilus mutus" (Strand, 1920), "Pterinochilus obenbergeri" (Strand, 1920), and "Pterinochilus occidentalis" (Strand, 1920) = "Pterinochilus simoni"
"Trichognathella" (Gallon, 2004) [Monotypic?]
Ischnocolinae.
Ischnocolinae contains spiders from around the world.
Old World
Type species: "Chaetopelma olivaceum"
Transferred to other genera:
"Chaetopelma adenense" (Simon, 1890) → "Ischnocolus jickelii"
"Chaetopelma arabicum" → "Avicularia arabica"
"Chaetopelma gardineri" → "Nesiergus gardineri"
"Chaetopelma longipes" → "Holothele longipes"
"Chaetopelma strandi" (Schmidt, 1991) → "Encyocratella olivacea"
In synonymy:
"Chaetopelma aegyptiacum" (Ausserer, 1871), "Chaetopelma anatolicum" (Schmidt & Smith, 1995), "Chaetopelma gracile" (Ausserer, 1871), "Chaetopelma jerusalemensis" (Smith, 1990), "Chaetopelma shabati" (Hassan, 1950), "Chaetopelma syriacum" (Ausserer, 1871), and "Chaetopelma tetramerum" (Simon, 1873) = "Chaetopelma olivaceum"
"Heterothele" (Karsch, 1879)
Type species: "Heterothele honesta"
"Ischnocolus" (Ausserer, 1871)
Type species: "Ischnocolus holosericeus"
Transferred to other genera:
"Ischnocolus culebrae" → "Holothele culebrae"
"Ischnocolus decoratus" (Tikader, 1977) → "Chilobrachys fimbriatus"
"Ischnocolus denticulatus" → "Holothele denticulata"
"Ischnocolus gracilis" (Ausserer, 1871), "Ischnocolus jerusalemensis" (Smith, 1990), and "Ischnocolus syriacus" (Ausserer, 1871) → "Chaetopelma olivaceum"
"Ischnocolus khasiensis" → "Chilobrachys khasiensis"
"Ischnocolus shoemakeri" → "Holothele shoemakeri "
In synonymy:
"Ischnocolus adenensis" (Simon, 1890) = "Ischnocolus jickelii" (L. Koch, 1875)
"Nesiergus" (Simon, 1903)
Type species: "Nesiergus insulanus"
New World
Some authors still treat this genus as belonging to its own subfamily Acanthopelminae (the grammatically correct spelling would actually be Acanthopelmatinae). However, Rudloff 2001 abolished the subfamily and transferred Acanthopelma to Ischnocolinae (also transferring one former species to the family Barychelidae). Ischnocolinae, with both New World and Old World genera, is an unstable polyphyletic taxon and requires further work, but for now I have moved Acanthopelma to Ischnocolinae following Rudloff. 
"Acanthopelma" (F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1897)
Type species: "Acanthopelma rufescens"
Transferred to other genera:
"Acanthopelma annae" → "Reichlingia annae" 
"Acanthopelma maculatum" → "Trichopelma maculatum" 
"Catumiri" (Guadanucci, 2004)
Type species: "Catumiri petropolium"
In synonymy:
"Catumiri uruguayense" (Guadanucci, 2004) = "Catumiri parvum"
"Guyruita" (Guadanucci et al., 2007)
Type species: "Guyruita cerrado"
"Hemiercus" (Simon, 1903)
Type species: "Hemiercus inflatus"
"Holothele" (Karsch, 1879) synonym of "Euthycaelus" {Simon, 1889}, "Scopelobates" (Simon, 1903), "Dryptopelmides" [Strand, 1907, and "Stichoplastus" {Simon, 1889}]
Type species: "Holothele recta"
Transferred to other genera:
"Holothele anomala" → "Proshapalopus anomalus"
"Holothele asterix" → "Stichoplastoris asterix"
"Holothele cervina" → "Hemiercus cervinus"
"Holothele culebrae" → "Cyrtopholis culebrae"
"Holothele denticulata" → "Stichoplastoris denticulatus"
"Holothele doeringi" → "Grammostola doeringi"
"Holothele elusinus" → "Stichoplastoris elusinus"
"Holothele inflata" → "Hemiercus inflatus"
"Holothele kastoni" → "Hemiercus kastoni"
"Holothele lineata" → "Schismatothele lineata"
"Holothele modesta" → "Hemiercus modestus"
"Holothele obelix" → "Stichoplastoris obelix"
"Holothele obsoleta" → "Cyrtopholis obsoleta"
"Holothele proxima" → "Hemiercus proximus"
"Holothele spinulosa" → "Metriopelma spinulosum"
"Holothele variegata" → "Metriopelma variegata"
"Holothele waikoshiemi" → "Guyruita waikoshiemi"
In synonymy:
"Holothele ravida" (Simon, 1889) = "Holothele recta"
"Oligoxystre" (Vellard, 1924) synonym of "Cenobiopelma" (Mello-Leitão & Arlé, 1934) and "Pseudoligoxystre" (Vol, 2001)
Type species: "Oligoxystre auratum"
Transferred to other genera:
"Oligoxystre argentinense" → "Catumiri argentinense"
"Sickius" (Soares & Camargo, 1948) [Monotypic?]
Ornithoctoninae.
The earth tigers of subfamily Ornithoctoninae are a group of old-world tarantulas which are found primarily in Southeast Asia, southern China, and Borneo. The species in this sub-family are known for being ill-tempered.
"Citharognathus" (Pocock, 1895)
Type species: "Citharognathus hosei"
Type species: "Cyriopagopus paganus"
Type species: "Haplopelma doriae"
Transferred to other genera:
"Haplopelma chrysothrix" (Schmidt & Samm, 2005) → "Ornithoctonus aureotibialis"
"Haplopelma costale" → "Ornithoctonus costalis"
In synonymy:
"Haplopelma huwenum" (Wang, Peng & Xie, 1993) = "Haplopelma schmidti"
"Lampropelma" (Simon, 1892)
Type species: "Lampropelma nigerrimum"
"Ornithoctonus" (Pocock, 1892)
Type species: "Ornithoctonus andersoni"
Transferred to other genera:
"Ornithoctonus gadgili" (Tikader, 1977) → "Poecilotheria regalis"
"Ornithoctonus hainanus" → "Haplopelma hainanum"
"Ornithoctonus huwenus" (Wang, Peng & Xie, 1993) → "Haplopelma schmidti"
"Phormingochilus" (Pocock, 1895)
Type species: "Phormingochilus everetti"
Selenocosmiinae.
Selenocosmiinae. This subfamily consists mainly of tarantulas from East Asia and Australia. Like the East Asian tarantulas in "Ornithoctoninae", these are known for their strong venom and defensive disposition.
Chilobrachini
"Chilobrachys" (Karsch, 1891)
Type species: "Chilobrachys nitelinus"
Transferred to other genera:
In synonymy:
"Chilobrachys decoratus" (Tikader, 1977) = "Chilobrachys fimbriatus"
"Chilobrachys jingzhao" (Zhu, Song & Li, 2001) = "Chilobrachys guangxiensis"
"Haplocosmia" (Schmidt & Von Wirth, 1996)
Type species: "Haplocosmia himalayana"
Phlogiellini
"Orphnaecus" (Simon, 1892) synonym of "Chilocosmia" {Schmidt & Von Wirth, 1992} and "Selenobrachys" (Schmidt, 1999)
Type species: "Orphnaecus pellitus"
"Phlogiellus" (Pocock, 1897) synonym of "Neochilobrachys" {Hirst, 1909}, "Baccallbrapo" (Barrion & Litsinger, 1995), and "Yamia" [Kishida, 1920]
Transferred to other genera:
"Phlogiellus lucubrans" → "Selenocosmia crassipes"
Poecilotheriini
"Poecilotheria" are tree spiders, the "Ornamentals" exclusive to India and Sri Lanka (except for P. miranda, which may just barely range into Bangladesh), some of which are considered endangered.
"Poecilotheria" (Simon, 1885)
Type species: "Poecilotheria fasciata"
In synonymy:
"Poecilotheria bara" (Chamberlin, 1917) and "Poecilotheria uniformis" (Strand, 1913) = "Poecilotheria subfusca"
"Poecilotheria gadgili" (Tikader, 1977) = "Poecilotheria regalis"
"Poecilotheria nallamalaiensis" (Rao et al., 2006) = "Poecilotheria formosa"
"Poecilotheria pederseni" (Kirk, 2001) = "Poecilotheria vittata"
"Poecilotheria pococki" = "Poecilotheria smithi"
Selenocosmiini
"Coremiocnemis" (Simon, 1892)
Type species: "Coremiocnemis cunicularia"
Transferred to other genera:
"Coremiocnemis brachyramosa" → "Psednocnemis brachyramosa"
"Coremiocnemis gnathospina" → "Psednocnemis gnathospina"
"Coremiocnemis jeremyhuffi" → "Psednocnemis jeremyhuffi"
"Lyrognathus" (Pocock, 1895)
Type species: "Lyrognathus crotalus"
In synonymy:
"Lyrognathus liewi" (West, 1991) = "Lyrognathus robustus"
"Lyrognathus pugnax" (Pocock, 1900) = "Lyrognathus crotalus"
"Psednocnemis" (West, Nunn & Hogg, 2012)
Type species: "Psednocnemis davidgohi"
"Selenocosmia" (Ausserer, 1871)
Type species: "Selenocosmia javanensis"
Transferred to other genera:
"Selenocosmia dichromata" → "Orphnaecus dichromatus"
"Selenocosmia hainana" → "Haplopelma hainanum"
"Selenocosmia himalayana" → "Haplocosmia himalayana"
"Selenocosmia huwena" (Wang, Peng & Xie, 1993) → "Haplopelma schmidti"
"Selenocosmia imbellis" → "Psednocnemis imbellis"
"Selenocosmia nigroventris" → "Phoneyusa nigroventris"
"Selenocosmia xinping" → "Phlogiellus xinping"
In synonymy:
"Selenocosmia lucubrans" and "Selenocosmia vulpinus" (Hogg, 1901) = "Selenocosmia crassipes"
"Selenocosmia stalkeri" (Hirst, 1907) = "Selenocosmia stirlingi"
"Selenotholus" (Hogg, 1902) [Monotypic?]
"Selenotypus" (Pocock, 1895) [Monotypic?]
Selenogyrinae.
Selenogyrinae consists of tarantulas from India and Africa.
"Euphrictus" (Hirst, 1908) synonym of "Zophopelma" (Benoit, 1965)
Type species: "Euphrictus spinosus"
"Selenogyrus" (Pocock, 1897)
Type species: "Selenogyrus caeruleus"
Stromatopelminae.
Stromatopelminae are arboreal tarantulas from western Africa.
"It has come to my attention that correct declination of the Ancient Greek suffix -pelma would mean that the name of this subfamily should technically be spelled "Stromatopelmatinae". Unfortunately, no scientific paper has published this amendation and Stromatopelminae has been used for quite a long time. Until the change is published Stromatopelminae is used on this site, despite the linguistic faux pas." 
"Encyocratella" (Strand, 1907) synonym of "Xenodendrophila" {Gallon, 2003} (Monotypic?)
Type species: "Encyocratella olivacea"
In synonymy:
"Encyocratella gabrieli" (Gallon, 2003) and "Encyocratella strandi" (Schmidt, 1991) = "Encyocratella olivacea"
"Heteroscodra" (Pocock, 1899)
Type species: "Heteroscodra maculata"
Transferred to other genera:
"Heteroscodra pachypoda" → "Stromatopelma pachypoda"
"Stromatopelma" (Karsch, 1881)
Type species: "Stromatopelma calceatum"
In synonymy:
"Stromatopelma brachypoda" (Pocock, 1897) = "Stromatopelma calceatum"
"Stromatopelma straeleni" (Roewer, 1953) = "Stromatopelma batesi"
Theraphosinae.
Theraphosinae consists of new-world terrestrial tarantulas with urticating hairs. The majority of spiders kept as pets are of this sub-family.
"Acanthoscurria" Ausserer, 1871
"Aenigmarachne" Schmidt, 2005
"Agnostopelma" Pérez-Miles & Weinmann, 2010
"Ami" Perez-Miles, 2008
"Aphonopelma" Pocock, 1901
"Bonnetina" Vol, 2000
"Brachypelma" Simon, 1891
"Chromatopelma" Schmidt, 1995
"Citharacanthus" Pocock, 1901
"Clavopelma" Chamberlin, 1940
"Crassicrus" Reichling & West, 1996
"Cubanana" Ortiz, 2008
"Cyclosternum" Ausserer, 1871
"Cyriocosmus" Simon, 1903
"Cyrtopholis" Simon, 1892
"Euathlus" Ausserer, 1875
"Eupalaestrus" Pocock, 1901
"Grammostola" Simon, 1892
"Hapalopus" Ausserer, 1875
"Hapalotremus" Simon, 1903
"Hemirrhagus" Simon, 1903
"Homoeomma" Ausserer, 1871
"Kochiana" Fukushima, Nagahama & Bertani, 2008
"Lasiodora" C. L. Koch, 1850
"Lasiodorides" Schmidt & Bischoff, 1997
"Magulla" (Simon, 1892)
"Maraca" (Pérez-Miles, 2006)
"Megaphobema" Pocock, 1901
"Melloleitaoina" Gerschman & Schiapelli, 1960
"Metriopelma" Becker, 1878
"Neostenotarsus" Pribik & Weinmann, 2004
"Nesipelma" Schmidt & Kovarik, 1996
"Nhandu" Lucas, 1983
"Ozopactus" Simon, 1889
"Pamphobeteus" Pocock, 1901
"Paraphysa" Simon, 1892
"Phormictopus" Pocock, 1901
Likely misplaced species
Theraphosinae incertae sedis (cf "Acanthoscurria"), see Rudloff 2008.
"Plesiopelma" Pocock, 1901
"Proshapalopus" Mello-Leitão, 1923
"Pseudhapalopus" Strand, 1907
"Reversopelma" Schmidt, 2001
"Schismatothele" Karsch, 1879
"Schizopelma" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1897
"Sericopelma" Ausserer, 1875
"Sphaerobothria" Karsch, 1879
"Stichoplastoris" Rudloff, 1997
"Theraphosa" Thorell, 1870
"Thrixopelma" Schmidt, 1994
"Tmesiphantes" Simon, 1892
"Vitalius" Lucas, Silva & Bertani, 1993
"Xenesthis" Simon, 1891
Thrigmopoeinae.
Subfamily "Thrigmopoeinae" are Indian tarantulas.
"Haploclastus" Simon, 1892
"Thrigmopoeus" Pocock, 1899
Other tarantula genera.
"Cardiopelma" Vol, 1999
A genus described by Fabian Vol in 1999, but which has little record in the scientific literature; often placed in subfamily Theraphosinae.

</doc>
<doc id="5865796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865796" title="Dutch baby pancake">
Dutch baby pancake

A Dutch baby pancake, sometimes called a German pancake, a Bismarck, or a Dutch puff, is a sweet popover that is normally served for breakfast. It is derived from the German "pfannkuchen". It is made with eggs, flour, sugar and milk, and usually seasoned with vanilla and cinnamon, although occasionally fruit or another flavoring is also added. It is baked in a cast iron or metal pan and falls soon after being removed from the oven. It is generally served with fresh squeezed lemon, butter, and powdered sugar, fruit toppings or syrup. A basic batter incorporates 1/3 cup flour and 1/3 cup liquid per egg.
According to "Sunset" magazine, Dutch babies were introduced in the first half of the 1900s at Manca's Cafe, a family-run restaurant that was located in Seattle, Washington and that was owned by Victor Manca. While these pancakes are derived from the German pancake dish, it is said that the name Dutch baby was coined by one of Victor Manca's daughters. In 1942, Manca's Cafe owned the trademark for Dutch babies, although the cafe later closed in the 1950s.
The "Dutch" moniker refers to the group of German-American immigrants known as the Pennsylvania Dutch, where "Dutch" is a corruption of the German autonym "deutsch".
The Dutch baby is a specialty of some diners and chains that specialize in breakfast dishes, such as the Oregon-founded The Original Pancake House or the New England-based chain Bickford's, which makes both a plain Dutch baby and a similar pancake known as the Baby Apple, which contains apple slices embedded in the pancake.
A David Eyre's pancake is a variation on the Dutch baby pancake named after the American writer and editor David W. Eyre (1912–2008).

</doc>
<doc id="5865808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865808" title="List of Oecobiidae species">
List of Oecobiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Oecobiidae as of Dec. 17, 2013.
Oecobius.
"Oecobius" Lucas, 1846
Paroecobius.
"Paroecobius" Lamoral, 1981
Platoecobius.
"Platoecobius" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1935
Uroctea.
"Uroctea" Dufour, 1820
Urocteana.
"Urocteana" Roewer, 1961
Uroecobius.
"Uroecobius" Kullmann & Zimmermann, 1976

</doc>
<doc id="5865819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865819" title="List of Psechridae species">
List of Psechridae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Psechridae as of Nov. 30, 2013.
Fecenia.
"Fecenia" Simon, 1887
Psechrus.
"Psechrus" Thorell, 1878

</doc>
<doc id="5865826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865826" title="David Lumsdaine">
David Lumsdaine

David Newton Lumsdaine (born 31 October 1931) is an Australian composer. He studied at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music (as it was then known). He moved to England in 1952 and for a while shared a flat with fellow expatriate, the poet Peter Porter, with whom he collaborated on several projects including the cantata "Annotations of Auschwitz" (1964). In London he studied composition at the Royal Academy of Music with Lennox Berkeley. In 1970 he took a lecturing position at Durham University. In 1981 he took a post as senior lecturer at King's College London. He is published by The University of York Music Press and Universal Edition.
In 1979 He married the composer Nicola LeFanu.
Works.
Lumsdaine has disowned all works he composed before "Annotations of Auschwitz" (1964). His first acknowledged works were composed using a variety of pitch and rhythm techniques associated with serialism - techniques such as pitch rotation or permutation, and isorhythmic structures linking pitch and duration together. Central to all of Lumsdaine's work is the notion of 'ground', a term borrowed from Baroque musical terminology (specifically Purcell). Lumsdaine's grounds are rarely literal repeated bass-lines, though superimposed rhythmic periodicities can be a feature. More commonly, the ground is a strict harmonic-temporal framework from which the music departs and to which it returns in many different ways through the work. Sometimes - as in 'Mandala V' - the ground is a slow-moving chord progression, a kind of background harmony whose progressions and changes underpin the structure of the work. One of Lumsdaine's main personal contributions to the evolution of serial technique is his development of the 'Gemini' matrix - a manner of slowly transferring from the pitch content of one hexachord to another.
Lumsdaine was much affected by the later works of Webern, though his music sounds very different from the many other composers of the fifties and sixties who were interested in this composer. Webern's use of symmetrical harmonic fields to focus and control the vertical functioning of his polyphony was a crucial stimulus. Lumsdaine's own harmonic language has elements of symmetry and intervallic limitation, and though usually derived from 12-pitch sets, is rarely strictly chromatic. In his masterly piano work 'Kelly Ground' (1966) the harmonic ground is a characteristic chordal area which, although dissonant overall, contains numerous quasi-diatonic subsets, with the interval of perfect fourth especially prominent. The overall progression of the work is towards the elimination of all extraneous pitch elements until only the ground itself remains.
On the rhythmic front, 'Kelly Ground' is derived from the polyrhythmic superimposition of pulses in simple ratios, an image evoking the tolling of bells, which also comes into clearest focus in the final sections of the work. Whether or not the listener is aware of any of these technical concerns, the work makes a startlingly direct and expressive impact in performance. The piano writing is resourcefully varied, from the lyrically evocative 'aria for Kelly' (section 4) to the ferociously rebarbative 'aubade' which precedes it. The haunting final section is daringly simple and affecting in its naked harmonic focus, being perhaps equalled only by the similarly bold conclusion of Copland's Piano Sonata in this regard.
As its title suggests, 'Kelly Ground' is partly an evocation of the tragic history of the Australian folk hero, Ned Kelly. Lumsdaine had originally envisaged an opera (to a libretto by Peter Porter) but they abandoned a literal treatment of the subject, and Lumsdaine's piano work does not narrate Kelly's story directly. A staunch opposer of capital punishment, Lumsdaine sees Kelly's execution by hanging as a terrible symbol of human rights abuse and injustice. Though initially somewhat reticent about this matter in relation to 'Kelly Ground', the composer has more recently indicated that the work also relates execution of the Rosenbergs, who were killed in the United States in the fifties for spying activities at the height of the cold war, amidst a storm of international protest and widespread revulsion. The 4-minute duration of each section of Lumsdaine's work is itself a direct reference to the time taken to execute the Rosenbergs. Thus behind one of Lumsdaine's strictest serially-derived pieces lies a typically deep humanitarian concern, which informs all his work.
Lumsdaine's subsequent output joins this concern for human issues to a lasting passion for and fascination with the natural world. Lumsdaine is an esteemed ornithologist, whose field recordings of Australian birdsong are internationally admired as valuable aural documents of the Australian soundscape. 'Aria for Edward John Eyre' (1972) bring these twin concerns together in a beautifully paced dramatic setting of extracts from Eyre's journal covering his near-fatal crossing of the Australian bight. Set for two narrators, soprano solo, doublebass solo, ensemble and live electronics, it offers a sophisticated fusion of the diverse sound sources into what is in effect a 50-minute dramatic cantata of great power. It is also one of the first works in Lumsdaine's output specifically and vividly evoking Australian natural landscapes, though at that time the composer had not seen them for nearly twenty years.
The orchestral works 'Salvation Creek with Eagle' and 'Hagoromo' (1974 and 1977 respectively) continue and develop Lumsdaine's personal take on Australian nature. They are not in any sense programmatic works, but as Lumsdaine has pointed out in a 1983 BBC interview, 'the textures contain smells - one's senses run one into the other'. In musical terms, his by now colourful and versatile harmonic style enables him to control orchestral resources with expertise, as areas of vast harmonic resonance and density are contrasted with passages of limpid simplicity. In 'Salvation Creek', the sense of spaciousness is achieved with recourse to increasingly consonant subsets of the serial matrix, which serve as areas of relaxation in contrast to the occasional violent outbursts. 'Hagoromo', composed for Pierre Boulez and the BBC Symphony Orchestra, is in many ways the summation of Lumsdaine's orchestral output: a complex, 3-movement structure replete with internal cross-references, yet for all that clearly put across to the uninitiated listener. The fast-slow-fast plan is framed by a carefully varied refrain of resonant chords in the brass (accompanied by bass drums). Although the work takes its title from a Japanese Noh Play, it is in effect a celebration of the beauties of nature generally - 'an idealised everywhere', as the critic Paul Griffiths admiringly put it. Whether in the long melodic arches of the slow central section, or the joyous dancing of the last part, the orchestral sonorities are acutely judged, and instantly recognisable as Lumsdaine. Again the harmonic style is clearly focussed with contrasting sections focussing on various modal sub-groups, yet the overall impression is of effortless richness and luminosity. At both its Paris premiere, and its eventual London premiere in 1983, the work generated enormous acclaim from both audiences and critics.
Lumsdaine's output also includes two other fine substantial piano works - notably the Bach-inspired 'Ruhe Sanfte, Sanfte Ruh' (1974) - and a considerable number of works involving electronics. His extraordinary tape montage/re-composition of events from the Durham Miners Gala 'Big Meeting' is perhaps the finest of these. There are many substantial chamber works, including the series of works entitled 'Mandala', a cello concerto, several song cycles and an orchestral fifth 'Mandala' (1989), another colourful homage to his favourite Australian landscapes and soundscapes. Shortly after composing his dense and energetic 'Kali Dances' for ensemble in 1996, Lumsdaine retired from composition, so that an overview of his oeuvre is already possible, unusually for a living composer.
Taken as a whole, Lumsdaine's output is remarkably consistent in its levels of invention, beauty and daring. If there are perhaps works in which length is not always justified by the material, these are in a small minority. A typical Lumsdaine work will be a serious, intense and sensuously exhilarating experience for performers and listeners alike. Right from his earliest acknowledged work, he has refused to use pure constructivism as an end in itself. Expressive honesty, a keen ear for the wonders of sound and an obvious passion for the world around us are the dominating characteristics of an output which is surely overdue to be recognised as one the finest of his generation, and by any Australian-born composer to date.
The following is a list of Lumsdaine's acknowledged works:
Ballet.
1973: Meridian (percussion, piano, tape)
Chamber.
1968: Mandala I (wind quintet)
1969: Mandala II (flute, clarinet, percussion, viola, cello)
1971: Kangaroo Hunt (piano, percussion)
1978: Mandala III (solo piano, flute, clarinet, viola, cello, bell)
1983: Mandala IV (string quartet)
1985: Bagatelles (flute, clarinet, piano, violin, viola, cello)
1986: Empty Sky – Mootwingee (flute, trombone/horn, cello, 2 percussionists, 2 pianos)
1988: A Dance and a Hymn for Alexander Maconochie (flute, clarinet, percussion, mandolin, guitar, violin, double bass)
1989: Round Dance (sitar, tabla, flute, cello, keyboard)
1990: Sine nomine (alto saxophone/bass clarinet, percussion
1993: Rain Drums (4 percussionists)
1994: Kali Dances (flute, oboe, clarinet, trumpet, tuba, vibraphone, piano, violin, viola, cello, double bass
Choral.
1975: Dum medium silentium (SATB)
1985: Where the lilies grow (8 voices)
Incidental Music.
1991: The Crane (flute, percussion, harp, synthesizer)
Orchestral.
1968-9 Episodes (orchestra)
1974: Salvation Creek with Eagle (chamber orchestra)
1975: Sunflower (chamber orchestra)
1975: A Little Dance of Hagoromo (orchestra)
1977: Hagoromo (large orchestra)
1982: Shoalhaven (orchestra)
1988: Mandala V (orchestra)
1990: The Arc of Stars (string orchestra)
1992: A Garden of Earthly Delights (cello, orchestra)
Other.
1990: 2 Just So Stories (The Elephant's Child, The Sing Song of Old Man Kangaroo) (narrator, dancer, live electronics)
Piano.
1966: Kelly Ground
1967: Flights (2 pianos)
1974: Ruhe sanfte, sanfte Ruh'
1980: Cambewarra, 1980
1994: 6 Postcard Pieces
Solo Cello.
1992: Blue upon Blue
Solo Shakuhachi.
1993: Curlew in the Mist
Sopranino Recorder.
1994: Metamorphosis at Mullet Creek
Vocal.
1964: Annotations of Auschwitz (soprano, flute + bass flute, trumpet, horn, piano, violin, cello)
1966, rev. 71: Easter Fresco (soprano, flute, horn, harp, piano)
1974: My Sister's Song (soprano)
1982: What shall I sing? (soprano, 2 clarinets)
1990: A Tree Telling of Orpheus (soprano, flute, clarinet, violin, viola, cello)
1992: A Norfolk Song Book (soprano recorders/flutes)
1993: A Child's Grace (voice, oboe, harp)

</doc>
<doc id="5865828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865828" title="Pieces of the People We Love">
Pieces of the People We Love

Pieces of the People We Love is the second full-length album by dance-punk band The Rapture. The album was released in the United States on September 12, 2006.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5865836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865836" title="Chin">
Chin

In the human anatomy, the chin is the lowermost part of the face. The area of the chin is known anatomically as the mental region. It tends to be more pointed and triangular in human females, while more big and round chins in human males. It is formed by the lower front of the mandible. In humans there is a wide variety of chin structures, e.g. cleft chin.
The chin developed as a point of muscular attachment facilitating minute movements of the lips associated with speech. In human evolution, the chin is a cladistic apomorphy, partially defining anatomically modern humans as distinct from archaic forms. Non-human anthropoid apes have a simian shelf for example. Elephants are the only other animals considered to display such a feature, although this leads to debate over the use of the term.
The chin emerged during the Middle and Late Pleistocene, but its origin and biomechanical significance are the subjects of controversy. Prominent hypotheses include buttressing the jaw against stresses resulting from speech or chewing as well as simple sexual selection through mate choice. With the advent of more advanced computational facilities, finite element analyses have been used to support hypotheses involving mechanical stress. On the other hand increased availability of data regarding sexual dimorphism in chins has also lent support to the sexual selection hypothesis as sexual dimorphism is more difficult to explain under other regimes. It is possible that multiple causal factors have played a role in the evolution of this bony protuberance.

</doc>
<doc id="5865863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865863" title="Popular (Darren Hayes song)">
Popular (Darren Hayes song)

"Popular" (stylized Pop!ular) is the first single released from Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes' second solo album, "The Tension and the Spark". The lyrics are a tongue-in-cheek send-up of celebrities and wannabes. The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in March 2005. This was Hayes' first #1 on the US Dance chart, either as a solo artist or with his former group, Savage Garden. A radio edit was made which omits the instrumental section after the second chorus and also adds several new drumbeats to the second verse.

</doc>
<doc id="5865869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865869" title="Geoffrey Scoones">
Geoffrey Scoones

General Sir Geoffrey Allen Percival Scoones, (25 January 1893 – 1975) was a general in the British Indian Army during the Second World War. His younger brother was Reginald "Cully" Scoones.
Military career.
Scoones was commissioned a second lieutenant on the unattached list for the Indian Army on 20 January 1912. He was accepted into the Indian Army and appointed to 2-2 Gurkha Rifles with a promotion to lieutenant on 8 Mar 1913. He served in World War I becoming aide-de-camp to the Commander of Meerut Division, then aide-de-camp to the commander 21st Division and finally aide-de-camp to the Army Corps Commander, 2nd Army Corps in France between 8 Sept 1915 and 10 July 1917. Promoted to captain on 20 January 1916, he became a Brigade Major in India on 27 October 1917. He was mentioned in despatches three times, and awarded the Distinguished Service Order as well as the Military Cross.
After the War Scoones saw service during the Afghanistan North West Frontier operations in 1919. He served as Brigade Major in India from 3 March 1924 to 30 November 1926 and then became a General Staff Officer. Brevetted to major on 7 January 1925, he transferred to 1-2 Gurkha Rifles on 22 January 1928 He was promoted to major on 20 January 1929 and brevetted to lieutenant-colonel on 1 January 1933. From 14 February 1935 to 23 April 1938 was Commanding Officer of the 2nd Battalion of the 8th Gurkha Rifles. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for earthquake work at Quetta in 1935.
Scoones served in World War II initially as a General Staff Officer on the Directorate of Military Operations and Intelligence. On 17 May 1940 he was appointed Deputy Director of Military Operations, India. The following year, he became Director of Military Operations and Intelligence, India, with the rank of major-general.
In 1942, he briefly commanded the Indian 19th Infantry Division before being promoted to lieutenant-general and appointed to command IV Corps. This Corps defended Imphal in Manipur, on the frontier between India and Japanese-held Burma. It also had responsibility for a large rear area, and a very large tract of unmapped and trackless jungle-covered frontier. He was appointed C.S.I. in 1942.
Scoones commanded the Corps through the gruelling Battle of Imphal. In December 1944 he and his fellow corps commanders Stopford and Christison were knighted and invested as KBE by the viceroy Lord Wavell at a ceremony at Imphal in front of the Scottish, Gurkha and Punjab regiments. Slim was knighted and invested as KCB at the same occasion.
Scoones was subsequently appointed to Central Command, India, an Army-level HQ which was nevertheless essentially a rear-area and administrative command.
In 1947 he was briefly the last Military Secretary to the India Office. He was appointed KCB in 1947 and later in the year he became Principal Staff Officer at the Commonwealth Relations Office. Between 1947 to 1949 he was also Aide de camp to King George VI. From 1953 to 1957, he was High Commissioner to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="5865899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865899" title="1981 NBL season">
1981 NBL season

Here are the results and statistics from the 1981 National Basketball League season.
End of Season Ladder.
This is the ladder at the end of season, before the finals. In all, 132 games were played, 22 for each team.
Finals.
There were two semi-finals, and then one grand final. All three of these finals were sudden death. 
Semi-Finals.
1st place played 4th place on the end of year ladder, and then 2nd place played 3rd place. St Kilda didn't attend the finals, as they attended the World Club Championship in Brazil.
"1st Semi Final" - Launceston Casino City '"71" to Brisbane Bullets 69
"2nd Semi Final" - West Adelaide Bearcats 71 to Nunawading Spectres 74
Grand Final.
Launceston Casino City 75 to Nunawading Spectres 54

</doc>
<doc id="5865902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865902" title="AN/SPQ-11">
AN/SPQ-11

The AN/SPQ-11 Cobra Judy was a PESA radar found on the missile range instrumentation ship.
It was used for space tracking, ballistic missiles tracking and other instrumentation. Cobra Judy was the sea component of the COBRA program for monitoring missile launches and outer space. Cobra Judy was replaced by the Cobra Judy Replacement (CJR) in April 2014.
Replacement.
The Cobra Judy Platform, USNS "Observation Island" was taken out of service and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register March 31, 2014. On 31 March 2014, the Cobra Judy Replacement program, aboard reached initial operational capability (IOC). According to the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), the U.S. Air Force also assumed operational and sustainment responsibilities for the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="5865909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865909" title="Darkness (Darren Hayes song)">
Darkness (Darren Hayes song)

"Darkness" is the second single released from the album "The Tension and the Spark", released by Australian singer Darren Hayes in 2004. It charted at #40 in the Australian Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5865913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865913" title="Darren Jackson">
Darren Jackson

Darren Jackson (born 25 July 1966 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former international footballer who played predominantly as a striker. After working as an agent, he is now a coach at former club Dundee United.
Career.
Jackson began his career in 1985 with Meadowbank Thistle, while he worked in a part-time job as a printer. 22 league goals won him a move south to Newcastle United for a £40,000 transfer fee. Jackson made his Newcastle debut as a substitute for Ian Stewart in a 1-2 defeat at home to Arsenal. In two years with "the Magpies", Jackson scored only seven goals and returned to Scotland in 1988 with Dundee United. Jackson spent four years at Tannadice, picking up a Scottish Cup runners-up medal.
Jackson joined Hibernian in 1992. During his five years at Easter Road, Jackson was a runner-up again, this time in the League Cup. He moved to Celtic in 1997, but Jackson was treated for hydrocephalus that required surgery in September 1997. He was playing again within three months as Celtic went on to win both the League and League Cup. The following season, Jackson had a spell on loan with Coventry City before joining his boyhood heroes Hearts.
In July 2000, Jackson revealed he intended to move into management once his playing career finished. In October, Jackson was barred from playing for Hearts due to the impending trigger of a clause enforcing a one-year extension to his contract, seeing him discuss a possible return to former club Dundee United. After United signed Charlie Miller instead, Jackson negotiated a deal to return to first-team action at Hearts, only to find himself surplus to requirements when Craig Levein was appointed three weeks later.
In January, Jackson joined Livingston on a month's loan, subsequently extending it until the end of the season. During this time, Hearts released Jackson from his contract. After winning the First Division title with Livi, Jackson was not offered a permanent contract, returning instead to the Premier League with St Johnstone on a one-year contract. Jackson made nine league appearances for "the Saints" before being allowed to join Clydebank on loan in January 2002, where scored a début goal in a 1–0 win.
Despite Jackson's earlier vow to move into management, he became an SFA agent representing players including fellow Scots Jackie McNamara, Mark Wilson and Steven Thompson. In February 2013, Jackson relinquished his agent status to join client Jackie McNamara – recently appointed as manager of Dundee United – as a coach.
Jackson won 28 caps for Scotland, scoring four goals. Making his début in March 1995, Jackson was also part of the Scotland squads for Euro 96 and the 1998 World Cup, playing in two of the World Cup matches. Jackson played two further games after the tournament, appearing in the European Championship qualifying matches against Lithuania and Estonia.
Career statistics.
International goals.
Scores and results list Scotland's goal tally first.

</doc>
<doc id="5865926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865926" title="Supernumerary body part">
Supernumerary body part

Supernumerary body parts are most commonly a congenital disorder involving the growth of an additional part of the body and a deviation from the body plan. Body parts may be easily visible or hidden away, such as internal organs.
Many additional body parts form by the same process as conjoined twins: the zygote begins to split but fails to completely separate. This condition may also be a symptom of repeated occurrences of continuous inbreeding in a genetic line.
Specific types of occurrence.
Specific types of additional body parts include:
Related conditions and concepts.
Vestigial structures are anatomical structures of organisms in a species which are considered to have lost much or all of their original function through evolution. These body parts can be classed as additional to the required functioning of the body. In human anatomy the vermiform appendix is sometimes classed as a vestigial remnant.
Prosthesis is an artificial extension that replaces a body part, and cybernetics is the study of computer technology in relation to organisms which can include replacement or additional body parts.
Body integrity identity disorder (BIID) is a psychiatric disorder in which a person thinks that they have one or more additional limbs than they should, despite having two arms and two legs. People with this condition often wish to amputate what they see as additional body parts.
A phantom limb is the sensation that a missing limb is still attached to the body.
A Supernumerary Phantom Limb is the sensation of having an extra limb or body part despite no such limb actually existing. It is an uncommon syndrome, usually due to some kind of brain injuries in the somatosensory cortex or in some parts of the right hemisphere of the brain, usually due to a stroke in the brain.
A chimera is an animal or plant that has two or more different populations of genetically distinct cells that originated in different zygotes that have merged; anatomical structures are typically mixed depending on which cells are prevalent in different body parts, for example plants can have two different types of flowers.
A mosaic is a genetic anomaly similar in nature and effects to a chimera: genetically different populations of cells within one organism, originated from some propagated mutation of a single cell rather than from outside sources.
Mythology.
In Hindu mythology additional limbs and heads are considered a sign of power.
In Greek mythology, Artemis, the goddess of fertility, was sometimes represented as having numerous breasts. This was particularly notable in the cult of Artemis (Diana) celebrated in the ancient city of Ephesus, in modern Turkey.
In Japanese mythology, the God of the sea and storms, Susanoo, is sometimes depicted as having a third arm.
In Hungarian mythology, six fingers on a hand (polydactyly) is held to be the sign of innate supernatural power (see táltos).
In the Bible, Goliath has brothers that have six fingers and six toes.
References.
Supernumerary Bone of The Foot: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1426310/

</doc>
<doc id="5865929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865929" title="Toning exercises">
Toning exercises

Toning exercises are physical exercises that are used with the aim of developing a physique with a large emphasis on musculature. In this context, the term toned implies leanness in the body (low levels of body fat), noticeable muscle definition and shape, but not significant muscle size ("bulk").
Research and basic anatomical knowledge implies that the notion of specific exercises to improve tone is unfounded. Exercises can aid fat loss or stimulate muscle hypertrophy, but cannot otherwise improve tone. The size of the muscle can change, as can the amount of fat covering the muscle, but the 'shape' cannot. A muscle cannot be 'lengthened' or 'shortened' because neither the insertion of the muscle at the joint, nor the length of the tendons attaching the muscle to the bone, can be changed.
Appearing "toned" is a common fitness goal, particularly associated with women.
Exercises.
Exercises popularly believed to improve tone are primarily weight lifting exercises performed with high repetitions and low resistance (low weight), with short rest periods.
This conventional wisdom is however criticized as poor-quality and inefficient. What is advocated is an exercise routine involving;

</doc>
<doc id="5865939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865939" title="Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire">
Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire

The Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire was one of the most significant events not only in the Spanish colonization of the Americas, but also in world history. The conquest must be understood within the context of Spanish patterns on the Iberian Peninsula during the Reconquista by Christians, defeating the Muslims, and also patterns extended in the Caribbean following Christopher Columbus establishment of permanent European settlement in the Caribbean. The Spanish authorized expeditions or "entradas" for the discovery, conquest, and colonization of new territory, using existing Spanish settlements as a base. Many of those on the Cortés expedition of 1519 had never seen combat before. In fact, Cortés had never commanded men in battle before. However, there was a whole generation of Spaniards who participated in expeditions in the Caribbean, learning strategy and tactics of successful enterprises. The Spanish conquest of Mexico had antecedents.
The campaign began in February 1519, and was declared victorious on August 13, 1521, when a coalition army of Spanish forces and native Tlaxcalan warriors led by Hernán Cortés and Xicotencatl the Younger captured the emperor Cuauhtemoc and Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire.
During the campaign, Cortés was offered support from a number of tributaries and rivals of the Aztecs, including the Totonacs, and the Tlaxcaltecas, Texcocans, and other city-states particularly bordering Lake Texcoco. In their advance, the allies were tricked and ambushed several times by the peoples they encountered. After eight months of battles and negotiations, which overcame the diplomatic resistance of the Aztec Emperor Moctezuma II to his visit, Cortés arrived in Tenochtitlan on November 8, 1519, where he took up residence welcomed by Moctezuma. When news reached Cortés of the death of several of his men during the Aztec attack on the Totonacs in Veracruz, he took the opportunity to take Moctezuma captive in his own palace and ruled through him for months. Capturing the cacique or indigenous ruler was standard operating procedure for Spaniards in their expansion in the Caribbean, so capturing Moctezuma had considerable precedent, which might well have included those in Spain during the Christian reconquest of territory held by Muslims.
When Cortés left Tenochtitlan to return to the coast and deal with the expedition of Pánfilo de Narváez, Pedro de Alvarado was left in charge. Alvarado allowed a significant Aztec feast to be celebrated in Tenochtitlan and on the pattern of the earlier massacre in Cholula, closed off the square and massacred the celebrating Aztec noblemen. The biography of Cortés by Francisco López de Gómara contains a description of the massacre. The Alvarado massacre at the Main Temple of Tenochtitlan precipitated rebellion by the population of the city. When the captured emperor Moctezuma II, now seen as a mere puppet of the invading Spaniards, attempted to calm outraged Aztecs, he was killed by a projectile. Cortés, who by then had returned to Tenochtitlan, and his men had to fight their way out of the capital city during the Noche Triste in June, 1520. However, the Spanish and Tlaxcalans would return with reinforcements and a siege that led to the fall of Tenochtitlan a year later on August 13, 1521.
The fall of the Aztec Empire was the key event in the formation of New Spain, which would later be known as Mexico.
Sources for the history of the conquest of Central Mexico.
The conquest of Mexico is not only a significant event in world history, but is also particularly important because there are multiple accounts of the conquest from different points of view, both Spanish and indigenous. The Spanish conquerors could and did write accounts that narrated the conquest from the first landfalls in Mexico to the final victory over the Mexica in Tenochtitlan on August 13, 1521. Indigenous accounts are from particular indigenous viewpoints (either allies or opponents) and as the events had a direct impact on their polity. All accounts of the conquest, Spanish and indigenous alike, have biases and exaggerations. In general, Spanish accounts do not credit their indigenous allies' support. Individual conquerors' accounts exaggerate that individual's contribution to the conquest, downplaying other conquerors'. Indigenous allies' accounts stress their loyalty to the Spaniards and their particular aid as being key to the Spanish victory. Two lengthy accounts from the defeated indigenous viewpoint were created under the direction of Spanish friars, Franciscan Bernardino de Sahagún and Dominican Diego Durán, using indigenous informants.
The first Spanish account of the conquest was by lead conqueror Hernán Cortés, who wrote a series of letters to the Spanish monarch Charles V, giving a contemporary account of the conquest from his point of view, but also justifying his actions. These were almost immediately published in Spain and later in Europe. Much later, Spanish conqueror Bernal Díaz del Castillo, a participant in the conquest, wrote what he called "The True History of the Conquest of New Spain", countering the account by Cortés's official biographer, Francisco López de Gómara. A number of lesser Spanish conquerors wrote petitions to the Spanish crown, requesting rewards for their services in the conquest, including Juan Díaz, Andrés de Tapia, García del Pilar, and Fray Francisco de Aguilar. Interestingly, Cortés's right hand man, Pedro de Alvarado did not write at any length about his actions in the New World, and died as a man of action in the Mixtón War in 1542. Two letters to Cortés about Alvarado's campaigns in Guatemala a published in "The Conquistadors". The chronicle of the so-called "Anonymous Conqueror" was written sometime in the sixteenth century, entitled in an early twentieth-century translation to English as Narrative of Some Things of New Spain and of the Great City of Temestitan (i.e.,Tenochtitlan). Rather than its being a petition for rewards for services, as many Spanish accounts were situation, the Anonymous Conqueror made observations about the indigenous at the time of the conquest. The account was used by eigthteenth-century Jesuit Francisco Javier Clavijero in his history of Mexico.
On the indigenous side, the allies of Cortés, particularly the Tlaxcalans, wrote extensively about their services to the crown in the conquest, arguing for special privileges for themselves. The most important of these are the pictorial Lienzo de Tlaxcala and the "Historia de Tlaxcala" by Diego Muñoz Camargo. Less successfully the Nahua allies from Huexotzinco (or Huejotzinco) near Tlaxcala argued that their contributions had been overlooked by the Spanish. In a letter in Nahuatl to the Spanish crown, the indigenous lords of Huejotzinco lay out their case in Nahuatl for their valorous service. The letter has been published in Nahuatl and English translation by James Lockhart in "We People Here: Nahuatl Accounts of the Conquest of Mexico". Texcoco patriot and member of a noble family there, Fernando Alva Ixtlilxochitl, likewise petitioned the Spanish crown, in Spanish, saying that Texcoco had not received sufficient rewards for their support of the Spanish, particularly after the Spanish were forced out from Tenochtitlan.
The most well known indigenous account of the conquest is Book 12 of Bernardino de Sahagún's "General History of the Things of New Spain" and published as the Florentine Codex, in parallel columns of Nahuatl and Spanish, with pictorials. Less well known is Sahagún's 1585 revision of the conquest account, which shifts from an entirely indigenous viewpoint and inserts at crucial junctures passages lauding the Spanish and in particular Hernán Cortés. Another indigenous account compiled by a Spanish friar is Dominican Diego Durán's "The History of the Indies of New Spain", from 1581, with many color illustrations. Another text from the Nahua point of view, the Anales de Tlatelolco, a very early indigenous account in Nahuatl, perhaps from 1540, remained in indigenous hands until it was later published. An extract of this important manuscript has been published by James Lockhart in Nahuatl transcription and English translation. A popular anthology in English for classroom use is Miguel León-Portilla's, "The Broken Spears: The Aztec Accounts of the Conquest of Mexico." Not surprisingly, many publications and republications of sixteenth-century accounts of the conquest of Mexico appeared around 1992, the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus's first voyage, when scholarly and popular interest in first encounters surged.
The most popular and enduring narrative of the Spanish campaign in central Mexico is by New England-born nineteenth-century historian William Hickling Prescott. His "History of the Conquest of Mexico", first published in 1843 remains an enormously engaging narrative of the conquest, based on a large number of sources copied from the Spanish archives. Prescott based his narrative history on primary source documentation, mainly from the Spanish viewpoint, but it is likely that the copy of the Spanish text of the 1585 revision of Bernardino de Sahagǘn's account of the conquest was done for Prescott's history.
Aztec omens for the conquest.
Most first-hand accounts about the conquest of the Aztec empire were written by Spaniards: Hernán Cortés' letters to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor and the first-person narrative of Bernal Díaz del Castillo, "The True History of the Conquest of New Spain". The primary sources from the native people affected as a result of the conquest are seldom observed because they tend to reflect the views of a particular native group, such as the Tlaxcalans. Indigenous accounts were written in pictographs as early as 1525. Later accounts were written in the native tongue of the Aztecs and the native peoples of central Mexico Nahuatl. It is also important to note that the natives of the Aztec empire described eight omens that were believed to have occurred nine years prior to the arrival of the Spanish from the Gulf of Mexico. They included:
Omens were extremely important to the Aztecs, who believed that history repeated itself. Emperor Moctezuma, often spelled Montezuma in English, who was trained as a high priest, was said to have consulted his chief priests and fortune tellers to determine the causes of these omens. However, they were unable to provide an exact explanation until, perhaps, the Spaniards arrived.
It should be noted that all kind of sources depicting omens and the return of old Aztec gods, including those supervised by Spanish priests, were written after the fall of Tenochtitlan in 1521. Ethnohistorians say that, when the Spanish arrived native peoples and their leaders did not view them as supernatural in any sense but rather as simply another group of powerful outsiders. Many Spanish accounts incorporated omens to emphasize what they saw as the preordained nature of the conquest and their success as Spanish destiny. This means that native emphasis on omens and bewilderment in the face of invasion "may be a postconquest interpretation by informants who wished to please the Spaniards or who resented the failure of Montezuma and of the warriors of Tenochtitlan to provide leadership." Hugh Thomas concludes that Moctezuma was confused and ambivalent about whether Cortés was a god or the ambassador of a great king in another land.
(p. 192). However, Thomas does not support the theory that the Aztec Emperor really believed that Cortés was any reincarnation of Quetzalcoatl.
Spanish arrival in Yucatán.
In 1517 Cuban governor, Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, commissioned a fleet of three ships under the command of Hernández de Córdoba to sail west and explore the Yucatán peninsula. Córdoba reached the coast of Yucatán. The Mayans at Cape Catoche invited the Spaniards to land, and the Spaniards read the Requirement of 1513 to them, which offered the natives the protection of the King of Spain, if they would submit to him. Córdoba took two prisoners whom he named Melchor and Julián to be interpreters. On the western side of the Yucatán Peninsula, the Spaniards were attacked at night by Maya chief Mochcouoh (Mochh Couoh). Twenty Spaniards were killed. Córdoba was mortally wounded and only a remnant of his crew returned to Cuba.
Spanish conquest of Yucatán.
Part of the Aztec Empire, the conquest and initial subjugation of the independent city-state polities of the Late Postclassic Maya civilization came many years after the rapid conquest of Central Mexico, 1519-21. With the help of tens of thousands of Xiu Mayan warriors, it would take more than 170 years for the Spanish to establish full control of the Maya homelands, which extended from northern Yucatán to the central lowlands region of El Petén and the southern Guatemalan highlands. The end of this latter campaign is generally marked by the downfall of the Maya state based at Tayasal in the Petén region, in 1697.
Cortés' expedition.
Commissioning the expedition.
Even before Grijalva returned to Spain, Velázquez decided to send a third and even larger expedition to explore the Mexican coast. Hernán Cortés, then one of Velázquez's favorites and brother-in-law, was named as the commander, which created envy and resentment among the Spanish contingent in the Spanish colony. Velázquez's instructions to Cortés, in an agreement signed on 23 October 1518, were limited to leading an expedition to initiate trade relations with the indigenous coastal tribes, but no authorization for conquest or settlement.
One account suggests that Governor Velázquez wished to restrict the Cortés expedition to being a pure trading expedition. Invasion of the mainland was to be a privilege reserved for himself as the senior official in Cuba. However, by calling upon the knowledge of the law of Castile that Cortés likely gained while he was a student in Salamanca and by utilizing his powers of persuasion, Cortés was able to maneuver Governor Velázquez into inserting a clause into his orders that enabled Cortés to take emergency measures without prior authorization, if such were "...in the true interests of the realm." He was also named the chief military leader and chief magistrate (judge) of the expedition. Such licenses for expeditions allowed the crown to retain sovereignty over newly conquered lands while not risking its own assets in the enterprise. Spaniards with assets who were willing to risk them to increase their wealth and power could potentially gain even more.
Cortés invested a considerable part of his personal fortune to equip the expedition and probably went into debt to borrow additional funds. Expeditions of exploration and conquest were business enterprises, with those investing the more in the enterprise receiving more rewards upon its success. Greater risk reaped greater rewards. Men who brought horses, "caballeros", received two shares of the spoils of war, one for the warrior himself, another because of the horse. When his assets were depleted. Governor Velázquez may have personally contributed nearly half the cost of the expedition.
The ostentatious nature of this operation and the rapidity of its commission probably added to the envy and resentment of the Spanish contingent in Cuba, who were keenly aware of the opportunity this assignment offered for fame, fortune and glory.
Revoking the commission.
Velázquez himself must have been keenly aware that whoever conquered the mainland for Spain would gain fame, glory and fortune to eclipse anything that could be achieved in Cuba. Thus, as the preparations for departure drew to a close, the governor became suspicious that Cortés would be disloyal to him and try to commandeer the expedition for his own purposes, namely to establish himself as governor of the colony, independent of Velázquez's control.
For this reason, Velázquez sent Luis de Medina with orders to replace Cortés. However, Cortés' brother-in-law allegedly had Medina intercepted and killed. The papers that Medina had been carrying were sent to Cortés. Thus warned, Cortés accelerated the organization and preparation of his expedition.
He was ready to set sail on the morning of 18 February 1519 when Velázquez arrived at the dock in person, determined to revoke Cortés's commission. But Cortés, pleading that "time presses," hurriedly set sail thus literally beginning his conquest of American Indian territories and nations with the legal status of a mutineer. Velázquez let him go.
Cortés's contingent consisted of 11 ships carrying about 630 men (including 30 crossbowmen and 12 arquebusiers, an early form of a rifle), a doctor, several carpenters, at least eight women, a few hundred Cuban Arawak indigenous and some Africans, both freedmen and slaves. Although modern usage often calls the European participants "soldiers", the term is never used by these men themselves in any context, something that James Lockhart realized when analyzing sixteenth-century legal records from conquest-era Peru.
Cortés lands at Cozumel.
Cortés spent some time at Cozumel island, trying to convert the locals to Christianity and achieving mixed results. While at Cozumel, Cortés heard reports of other white men living in the Yucatán. Cortés sent messengers to these reported "castilianos", who turned out to be the survivors of a Spanish shipwreck that had occurred in 1511, Gerónimo de Aguilar and Gonzalo Guerrero.
Aguilar petitioned his Maya chieftain to be allowed leave to join with his former countrymen, and he was released and made his way to Cortés's ships. According to Bernal Díaz, Aguilar relayed that before coming he had unsuccessfully attempted to convince Guerrero to leave as well. Guerrero declined on the basis that he was by now well-assimilated with the Maya culture, had a Maya wife and three children, and he was looked upon as a figure of rank within the Maya settlement of Chetumal where he lived.
Although Guerrero's later fate is somewhat uncertain, it appears that for some years he continued to fight alongside the Maya forces against Spanish incursions, providing military counsel and encouraging resistance; it is speculated that he may have been killed in a later battle.
Aguilar, now quite fluent in Maya as well as some other indigenous languages, proved to be a valuable asset for Cortés as a translator - a skill of particular significance to the later conquest of the Aztec Empire that was to be the end result of Cortés' expedition.
Cortés lands on the Yucatán peninsula.
After leaving Cozumel, Hernán Cortés continued round the tip of the Yucatán Peninsula and landed at Potonchán, where there was little gold. However, Cortés, after defeating the local natives in two battles, discovered a far more valuable asset in the form of a woman whom Cortés would have christened Marina. She is often known as La Malinche and also sometimes called "Malintzin" or Mallinali, her native birth names. Later, the Aztecs would come to call Cortés "Malintzin" or El Malinche by dint of his close association with her.
Bernal Díaz del Castillo wrote in his account "The True History of the Conquest of New Spain" that Marina was "an Aztec princess sold into Mayan slavery." She was not actually an Aztec princess but was of noble birth, probably of Toltec or Tabascan origins. Later the respectful title of doña, like señor, would be added before her name.
Her lineage notwithstanding, Cortés had stumbled upon one of the keys to realizing his ambitions. He would speak to Gerónimo de Aguilar in Spanish who would then translate into Mayan for Marina. She would then translate from Mayan to Nahuatl, the language of the Aztecs. With this pair of translators, Cortés could now communicate to the Aztecs. How effective is still a matter of speculation, since Marina did not speak the dialect of the Aztecs nor was she familiar with the protocols of the Aztec nobility, who were renowned for their flowery, flattering talk.
Doña Marina quickly learned Spanish, and became Cortés's primary interpreter, confidant, consort, cultural translator, and the mother of his son, Martin. Until Cortes's marriage to his second wife, a union which produced a legitimate son whom he also named Martin, Cortés's natural son with Marina was his heir.
Native speakers of Nahuatl would call her "Malintzin." This name is the closest phonetic approximation possible in Nahuatl to the sound of 'Marina' in Spanish. Over time, "La Malinche" (the modern Spanish cognate of 'Malintzin') became a term that denotes a traitor to one's people. To this day, the word "malinchista" is used by Mexicans to denote one who apes the language and customs of another country. It would not be until the late 20th century that a few feminist writers and academics would attempt to rehabilitate La Malinche as a woman who made the best of her situation and became, in most respects, the most powerful woman in the Western Hemisphere, as well as the founder of the modern Mexican nation.
Cortés founds Veracruz.
Cortés landed his expedition force on the coast of the modern day state of Veracruz in April 1519. He learned of an indigenous settlement called Cempoala and marched his forces there. On their arrival in Cempoala, they were greeted by 20 dignitaries and cheering townsfolk.
Cortés quickly persuaded the Totonac chief Chicomecoatl (misspelled as Chicomacatt by Spanish writers) to rebel against the Aztecs.
Faced with imprisonment or death for defying the governor, Cortés' only alternative was to continue on with his enterprise in the hope of redeeming himself with the Spanish Crown. To do this, he directed his men to establish a settlement called La Villa Rica de la Vera Cruz. The legally constituted "town council of Villa Rica" then promptly offered him the position of adelantado.
This strategy was not unique. Velásquez had used this same legal mechanism to free himself from Diego Columbus' authority in Cuba. In being named "adelantado" by a duly constituted cabildo, Cortés was able to free himself from Velásquez's authority and continue his expedition. To ensure the legality of this action several members of his expedition, including Francisco Montejo, returned to Spain to seek royal acceptance of the cabildo's declaration.
The Totonacs helped Cortés build the town of La Villa Rica de la Vera Cruz, which was the starting point for his attempt to conquer the Aztec empire. This settlement eventually grew into the city now known as Veracruz ("True Cross").
During this same period, soon after he arrived, Cortés was welcomed by representatives of the Aztec Emperor, Moctezuma II. Gifts were exchanged, but Cortés ultimately attempted to frighten the Aztec delegation with a display of firepower. He also challenged the Aztec representatives to combat, but they quickly left the area so they could report to Moctezuma. Following this first meeting, more ambassadors from the Emperor returned, bearing many more gifts, including gold (which the Aztecs did not value highly). Although they attempted to dissuade Cortés from visiting Tenochtitlan, the lavish gifts and the polite, welcoming remarks only encouraged El Caudillo to continue his march on the capital of the empire. Throughout most of his march, the ambassadors of Moctezuma accompanied the Spanish force, and undoubtedly reported faithfully to Moctezuma.
Scuttling the fleet & Aftermath.
Those of his men still loyal to the Governor of Cuba conspired to seize a ship and escape to Cuba, but Cortés moved swiftly to squash their plans. Two ringleaders were condemned to be hanged; two were lashed, and one had his foot mutilated. To make sure such a mutiny did not happen again, he decided to scuttle his ships, on the pretext that they were no longer seaworthy. There is a popular misconception that the ships were burned rather than sunk.
This misconception has been attributed to the reference made by Cervantes de Salazar in 1546 as to Cortés burning his ships. This may have also come from a mistranslation of the version of the story written in Latin.
With all of his ships scuttled, except for one small ship with which to send his representatives and booty to the King of Spain, Cortés effectively stranded the expedition in Mexico. However, it did not completely end the aspirations of those members of his company who remained loyal to the Governor of Cuba. Cortés then led his band inland towards the fabled Tenochtitlan. The last seaworthy ship was loaded with the Royal Fifth (the King of Spain claimed 20% of all spoils) of the Aztec treasure they had obtained so far in order to speed up Cortés's claim to the governorship.
In addition to the Spaniards, Cortés force now included 40 Cempoalan warrior chiefs and at least 200 other natives whose task was to drag the cannon and carry supplies. The Cempoalans were accustomed to the hot climate of the coast, but they suffered immensely from the cold of the mountains, the rain, and the hail as they marched towards Tenochtitlan.
Alliance with Tlaxcala.
Cortés soon arrived at Tlaxcala, a confederacy of about 200 towns and different tribes, but without central government.
The Tlaxcalans initially greeted the Spanish with hostile action and the two sides fought a series of skirmishes and battles that ultimately forced the Spaniards up a hill where they were surrounded. Conquistador Bernal Díaz del Castillo describes this final battle between the Spanish forces and the Tlaxcalteca as surprisingly difficult. He writes that they probably would not have survived, had not Xicotencatl the Elder persuaded his son, the Tlaxcalan warleader, Xicotencatl the Younger, that it would be better to ally with the newcomers than to kill them. Their main city was Tlaxcala. After almost a century of fighting the Flower Wars, a great deal of hatred and bitterness had developed between the Tlaxcalans and the Aztecs. The Tlaxcalans believed that eventually the Aztecs would try to conquer them. It was just a matter of time before this tension developed into a real conflict. The Aztecs had already conquered most of the territory around Tlaxcala. It is possible that the Aztecs left Tlaxcala independent so that they would have a constant supply of war captives to sacrifice to their gods. The sacrifice of a brave warrior was considered a greater gift to the gods than other common sacrifices.
On 18 September 1519, Cortés arrived in Tlaxcala and was greeted with joy by the rulers, who saw the Spanish as an ally against the Aztecs. Due to a commercial blockade by the Aztecs, Tlaxcala was poor, lacking, among other things, both salt and cotton cloth, so they could only offer Cortés and his men food and slaves. Cortés stayed twenty days in Tlaxcala, giving his men time to recover from their wounds. Cortés seems to have won the true friendship and loyalty of the senior leaders of Tlaxcala, among them Maxixcatzin and Xicotencatl the Elder, although he could not win the heart of Xicotencatl the Younger. The Spaniards agreed to respect parts of the city, like the temples, and reportedly took only the things that were offered to them freely.
As before with other native groups, Cortés preached to the Tlaxcalan leaders about the benefits of Christianity. Legends say that he convinced the four leaders of Tlaxcala to become baptized. Maxixcatzin, Xicotencatl the Elder, Citalpopocatzin and Temiloltecutl received the names of Don Lorenzo, Don Vicente, Don Bartolomé and Don Gonzalo.
It is impossible to know if these leaders understood the Catholic faith. In any event, they apparently had no problems in adding the Christian "Dios" (God in Spanish), the lord of the heavens, to their already complex pantheon of gods.
An exchange of gifts was made and thus began the highly significant and effective alliance between Cortés and Tlaxcala.
Cortés marches to Cholula.
Meanwhile, ambassadors from Moctezuma, who had been in the Spanish camp during the battles with the Tlaxcalans, continued to press Cortés to leave Tlaxcala, the "city of poor and thieves" and go to the neighbouring city of Cholula, which was under Aztec control. Cholula, founded in the year 2, was one of the most important cities of Mesoamerica, the second largest, and probably the most sacred. Its huge pyramid (larger in volume than the great pyramids of Egypt) made it one of the most prestigious places of the Aztec religion. However, it appears that Cortés perceived Cholula more as a military threat to his rear guard as he marched to Tenochtitlan than a religious center. However, he sent emissaries first to try a diplomatic solution to entering the city.
The leaders of Tlaxcala urged Cortés to go instead to Huexotzingo, a city allied to Tlaxcala. Cortés, who had not yet decided to start a war with the Aztec Empire, decided to offer a compromise. He accepted the gifts of the Aztec ambassadors, but also accepted the offer of the Tlaxcalans to provide porters and warriors. He sent two men, Pedro de Alvarado, and Bernardino Vázquez de Tapia, on foot (he did not want to spare any horses), directly to Tenochtitlan, as ambassadors and to scout a route.
On 12 October 1519, Cortés and his men, accompanied by about 1,000 Tlaxcalteca, marched to Cholula.
Massacre of Cholula.
There are contradictory reports about what happened at Cholula. Moctezuma had apparently decided to resist with force the advance of Cortés and his troops, and it seems that Moctezuma ordered the leaders of Cholula to try to stop the Spaniards. Cholula had a very small army, because as a sacred city they put their confidence in their prestige and their gods. According to the chronicles of the Tlaxcalteca, the priests of Cholula expected to use the power of Quetzalcoatl, their primary god, against the invaders.
Cortés and his men entered Cholula without active resistance. However, they were not met by the city leaders and were not given food and drink. Spanish soldiers reported that fortifications were being constructed around the city. The Tlaxcalans were warning the Spaniards that an Aztec army was marching on the city. Finally, La Malinche informed Cortés, after talking to the wife of one of the lords of Cholula, that the locals planned to murder the Spaniards in their sleep. Although he did not know if the rumor was true or not, Cortés ordered a pre-emptive strike, urged on by the Tlaxcalans, the enemies of the Cholulans. Cortés confronted the city leaders in the main temple alleging that they were planning to attack his men. They admitted that they had been ordered to resist by Moctezuma, but they claimed they had not followed his orders. Regardless, on command, the Spaniards seized and killed many of the local nobles to serve as a lesson. They seized the Cholulan leaders Tlaquiach and Tlalchiac and then ordered the city set fire. The troops started in the palace of Xacayatzin, and then on to Chialinco and Yetzcoloc. In letters to his King, Cortés claimed that in three hours time his troops (helped by the Tlaxcalans) killed 3,000 people and burned the city. Another witness, Vázquez de Tapia, claimed the death toll was as high as 30,000. Of course, the reports by the Spaniards were usually gross exaggerations. Since the women and children, and many men, had already fled the city, it is unlikely that so many were killed. Regardless, the massacre of the nobility of Cholula was a notorious chapter in the conquest of Mexico.
The Azteca and Tlaxclateca histories of the events leading up to the massacre differ. The Tlaxcalteca claimed that their ambassador Patlahuatzin was sent to Cholula and had been tortured by the Cholula. Thus, Cortés was avenging him by attacking Cholula. (Historia de Tlaxcala, por Diego Muñoz Camargo, lib. II cap. V. 1550).
The Azteca version put the blame on the Tlaxcalteca claiming that they resented Cortés going to Cholula instead of Huexotzingo.
The massacre had a chilling effect, to say the least, on the other city states and groups affiliated with the Aztecs, as well as the Aztecs themselves. Tales of the massacre convinced the other cities in the Aztec Empire to entertain seriously Cortés' proposals rather than risk the same fate.
Cortés then sent emissaries to Moctezuma with the message that the people of Cholula had treated him with disrespect and had therefore been punished. Cortés' message continued that the Aztecs need not fear his wrath if Moctezuma treated him with respect and gifts of gold.
In one of his responses to Cortés, Moctezuma blamed the commanders of the local Aztec garrison for the resistance in Cholula, and recognizing that his long-standing attempts to dissuade Cortés from coming to Tenochtitlan with gifts of gold and silver had failed, Moctezuma finally invited the Spaniards to visit his capital city, according to Spanish sources.
Tenochtitlan.
On 8 November 1519 after the fall of Cholula, Cortés and his forces arrived at the outskirts of Tenochtitlan, the island capital of the Mexica-Aztecs. It is believed that the city was one of the largest in the world at that time . Of all the cities in Europe, only Constantinople was larger than Tenochtitlan. The most common estimates put the population at around 60,000 to over 300,000 people. The largest city in Spain, for example, was Seville, which had a population of only 30,000.
Cortés welcomed by Moctezuma.
According to the Aztec chronicles recorded by Sahagún, the Aztec ruler Moctezuma II welcomed Hernán Cortés, El Caudillo, with great pomp. Sahagún reports that Moctezuma welcomed Cortés to Tenochtitlan on the Great Causeway into the "Venice of the West". Other scholars doubt that the meeting ever took place.
A fragment of the greetings of Moctezuma says: ""My lord, you have become fatigued, you have become tired: to the land you have arrived. You have come to your city: Mexico, here you have come to sit on your place, on your throne. Oh, it has been reserved to you for a small time, it was conserved by those who have gone, your substitutes... This is what has been told by our rulers, those of whom governed this city, ruled this city. That you would come to ask for your throne, your place, that you would come here. Come to the land, come and rest: take possession of your royal houses, give food to your body.""
According to Sahagún's manuscript, Moctezuma personally dressed Cortés with flowers from his own gardens, the highest honor he could give, although probably Cortés did not understand the significance of the gesture. In turn, Cortés attempted to embrace the Emperor but was restrained by a courtier.
Some historians are skeptical of Sahagun's account that Moctezuma personally met Cortés on the Great Causeway because of the many proscriptions and prohibitions regarding the emperor vis-à-vis his subjects. For instance, when Moctezuma dined, he ate behind a screen so as to shield him from his court and servants. There were various restrictions on seeing and touching his person.
This contradiction between "the arrogant emperor" and the "humble servant of Quetzalcoatl" has been problematic for historians to explain and has led to much speculation. However, all the proscriptions and prohibitions regarding Moctezuma and his court had been established by Moctezuma and were not part of traditional Aztec customs. Those prohibitions had already caused friction between Moctezuma and the pillis (noble classes). There is even an Aztec legend in which Huemac, the legendary last lord of Tollan Xicotitlan, instructed Moctezuma to live humbly and eat only the food of the poor, to divert a future catastrophe. Thus, it seems out of character for Moctezuma to violate rules that he himself had promulgated. Yet, as supreme ruler, he had the power to break his own rules.
Moctezuma had the royal palace of Axayácatl prepared to house the Spanish and their 3000 Tlaxcalan allies. Later the same day that the Spanish expedition and their allies entered Tenochtitlan, Moctezuma came to visit Cortés and his men. What happened in this second meeting remains controversial. According to several Spanish versions, some written years or decades later, Moctezuma first repeated his earlier, flowery welcome to Cortés on the Great Causeway, but then went on to explain his view of what the Spanish expedition represented in terms of Aztec tradition and lore, including the idea that Cortés and his men (pale, bearded men from the east) were the return of characters from Aztec legend. At the end of this explanation, the Emperor pledged his fealty to the King of Spain and accepted Cortés as the King's representative. This supposed oath is important because it gave Cortés the legal basis for claiming that any subsequent revolt against his forces constituted treason against the King of Spain. It is quite possible that Cortés and his interpreters twisted the Emperor's words to suit his purposes. (Thomas, p. 284)
Cortés later asked Moctezuma to provide more gifts of gold to demonstrate his fealty as a vassal of Charles V. Cortés also demanded that the two large idols be removed from the main temple pyramid in the city, the human blood scrubbed off, and shrines to the Virgin Mary and St. Christopher be set up in their place. All his demands were met, further giving credence to the concept that Moctezuma had accepted the King of Spain as his liege lord.
Using the killing of several Spanish soldiers, including his commander in Veracruz, and their native allies along the coast by the Aztec garrison as a pretext, Cortés seized Moctezuma on 14 November 1519 and made him his prisoner as insurance against any further resistance and demanded an enormous payment of gold, which was duly delivered. From this date, until the end of May 1520, Moctezuma lived with Cortés in the palace of Axayácatl. However, he continued to act as Emperor, subject to Cortés' overall control. He was also forced to take another, more formal oath of allegiance to the King of Spain. However, Moctezuma maintained private lines of communication with his subordinates across the empire. During the period of his imprisonment, Moctezuma apparently began identifying with his captors, whom he found interesting and entertaining.
Knowing that their leader was a captive and being required to feed not just a band of Spaniards but thousands of their Tlaxcalteca allies, the populace of Tenochtitlan began to feel a strain weighing upon them. Many of the nobility rallied around Cuitláhuac, the brother of Moctezuma and his heir-apparent, however, most of them could take no overt action against the Spanish unless the order was given by the Emperor.
Defeat of de Narváez.
In April 1520, Cortés received news from the coast that a much larger party of Spaniards under the command of Pánfilo de Narváez had arrived. Narváez had been sent by Governor Velázquez from Cuba not only to supersede Cortés, but to arrest him and bring him to trial in Cuba for insubordination, mutiny, and treason.
Cortés' response was arguably one of the most daring of his many exploits. Some describe it as absolutely reckless, but Cortés had few other options. If arrested and convicted, he could have been executed.
Leaving one hundred and forty Spaniards and some Tlaxcalans under the command of Pedro de Alvarado to hold Tenochtitlan, Cortés set out against Narváez, who had nine hundred soldiers. Cortés was able to gather up some reinforcements as he approached the coast, but probably mustered only two hundred and sixty men by the time he engaged his opponent. Using this much smaller force, Cortés surprised his antagonist with a surprise night attack during which his men took Narváez prisoner. After Cortés told the defeated soldiers about the city of gold, Tenochtitlan, and bought off their commanders with promises of vast riches, they agreed to join him. (Narváez lost an eye in the battle and was eventually killed during the exploration of Florida.)
The tactic used by Cortés was an act of desperation, but one of the secrets of Cortés' overall success lay in his quick movements, for which Narváez was not prepared. So too was his rapid return to Tenochtitlan, by which he would surprise the Aztecs who had rebelled against the Spaniards and had been able to besiege Alvarado, his men, and Moctezuma in the palace.
Cortés then had to lead the combined forces on an arduous trek back over the Sierra Madre Oriental. Years later, when asked what the new land was like, Cortés crumpled up a piece of parchment, then spread it part way out: "Like this", he said.
The Aztec response.
When Cortés returned to Tenochtitlan in late May, he found that Alvarado and his men had attacked and killed many of the Aztec nobility (see The Massacre in the Main Temple) during a religious festival. Alvarado's explanation to Cortés was that the Spaniards had learned that the Aztecs planned to attack the Spanish garrison in the city once the festival was complete, so he had launched a preemptive attack. Considerable doubt has been cast by different commentators on this explanation, which may have been self-serving rationalization on the part of Alvarado, who may have attacked out of fear (or greed) where no immediate threat existed. In any event, the population of the city rose "en masse" after the Spanish attack. Fierce fighting ensued, and the Aztec troops besieged the palace housing the Spaniards and Moctezuma. At one point, Moctezuma was able to arrange something of a truce, but sporadic fighting was continuing when Cortés and his new army returned from the coast.
The nobility of Tenochtitlan chose a new leader, Cuitláhuac, and the attacks on the Spaniards resumed. Cortés ordered Moctezuma to speak to his people from a palace balcony and persuade them to let the Spanish return to the coast in peace. Moctezuma was jeered and stones were thrown at him, injuring him badly. Moctezuma died a few days later (accounts as to who was actually guilty of his death do not agree; Aztec informants in later years insisted that Cortés had him killed.) After his death Cuitláhuac was selected as Huey Tlatoani (Emperor).
The Spaniards and their allies had to flee the city, as the population of Tenochtitlan had risen against them and their situation could only deteriorate. Because the Aztecs had removed the bridges over the gaps in the causeways that linked the city to the mainland, Cortés' men constructed a portable bridge with which to cross the openings. On the rainy night of 1 July 1520, the Spaniards and their allies set out for the mainland via the causeway to Tlacopan. They placed the portable bridge in the first gap, but at that moment their movement was detected and Aztec forces attacked, both along the causeway and by means of canoes on the lake. The Spanish were thus caught on a narrow road with water or buildings on both sides.
The retreat quickly turned into a rout. The Spanish discovered that they could not remove their portable bridge unit from the first gap, and so had no choice but to leave it behind. The bulk of the Spanish infantry, left behind by Cortés and the other horsemen, had to cut their way through the masses of Aztec warriors opposing them. Many of the Spaniards, weighed down by their armor and booty, drowned in the causeway gaps or were killed by the Aztecs. Much of the wealth the Spaniards had acquired in Tenochtitlan was lost. During the escape, Alvarado is alleged to have jumped across one of the narrower channels. The channel is now a street in Mexico City, called "Puente de Alvarado" (Alvarado's Bridge), because it seemed Alvarado escaped across an invisible bridge. (He may have been walking on the bodies of those soldiers and attackers who had preceded him, given the shallowness of the lake.)
In this retreat the Spaniards suffered heavy casualties, losing probably more than 600 of their own number and a thousand or more Tlaxcalan warriors. Several Aztec noblemen loyal to Cortés and their families also perished. It is said that Cortés, upon reaching the mainland at Tlacopan, wept over their losses. This episode is called "La Noche Triste" (The sad night), and the old tree ("El árbol de la noche triste") where Cortés allegedly cried is still a monument in Mexico.
Spaniards find refuge in Tlaxcala.
The Aztecs pursued and harassed the Spanish, who, guided by their Tlaxcalan allies, moved around Lake Zumpango toward sanctuary in Tlaxcala. On 8 July 1520 the Aztecs attempted to destroy the Spanish for good at the battle of Otumba. Although hard-pressed, the Spanish infantry was able to hold off the overwhelming numbers of enemy warriors, while the Spanish cavalry under the leadership of Cortés charged through the enemy ranks again and again. When Cortés and his men killed one of the Aztec leaders, the Aztecs broke off the battle and left the field. The Spanish were able then to complete their escape to Tlaxcala. There they were given assistance and comfort, since almost all of them were wounded, and only twenty horses were left. The Aztecs sent emissaries and asked the Tlaxcalteca to turn over the Spaniards to them, but Tlaxcala refused.
While the Flower Wars had started as a mutual agreement, the Tlaxcala and the Aztecs had now become entangled in a true war, a battle to the end. The Aztecs had conquered almost all the territories around Tlaxcala, closing off all commerce with them. The Tlaxcalteca knew that the Aztecs would try to conquer Tlaxcala itself. Therefore, most of the Tlaxcalan leaders were receptive when Cortés, once his men had the chance to recuperate, proposed an joint campaign to conquer Tenochtitlan. Xicotencatl the Younger, however, opposed the idea, and instead connived with the Aztec ambassadors in an attempt to form a new alliance with the Mexicas, since the Tlaxcalans and the Aztecs shared the same language and religion. Finally the elders of Tlaxcala accepted Cortés' offer under stringent conditions: they would not be required to pay any form of tribute to the Spaniards, they should receive the city of Cholula in return, they would have the right to build a fortress in Tenochtitlan, so they could have control of the city, and they would receive a share of the spoils of war.
Cortés also knew that he had to separate the Aztec from their other allies in the Valley of Mexico, whether by diplomacy or by force.
Siege of Tenochtitlan.
The joint forces of Tlaxcala and Cortés proved to be formidable. One by one they took over most of the cities under Aztec control, some in battle, others by diplomacy. In the end, only Tenochtitlan and the neighboring city of Tlatelolco remained unconquered or not allied with the Spaniards.
Cortés then approached Tenochtitlan and mounted a siege of the city that involved cutting the causeways from the mainland and controlling the lake with armed brigantines constructed by the Spanish and transported overland to the lake. The siege of Tenochtitlan lasted eight months. The besiegers cut off the supply of food and destroyed the aqueduct carrying water to the city. Even worse, many of the inhabitants of the city had been ravaged by the effects of smallpox, which spread rapidly across most of Central Mexico (and beyond), killing hundreds of thousands, including the new Aztec emperor, Cuitláhuac. In fact, it is estimated that a third of the inhabitants of the entire valley died in less than six months from the new disease brought by the Spaniards to Tenochtitlan the year before.
Despite the stubborn Aztec resistance organized by their new emperor, Cuauhtémoc, the cousin of Moctezuma II, Tenochtitlan and Tlatelolco fell on 13 August 1521, during which the Emperor was captured trying to escape the city in a canoe. The siege of the city and its defense had both been brutal. Largely because he wanted to present the city to his king and emperor, Cortés had made several attempts to end the siege through diplomacy, but all offers were rejected. During the battle the defenders cut the beating hearts from seventy Spanish prisoners-of-war at the altar to Huitzilopochtli, an act that infuriated the Spaniards. In the ensuing sack of what remained of the city, the Tlaxcalan warriors spared few.
Cortés then ordered the Aztec gods in the temples taken down and replaced with icons of Christianity. He also announced that the temple would never again be used for human sacrifice. Human sacrifice and reports of cannibalism, common among the natives of the Aztec Empire, had been major reason motivating Cortés and encouraging his soldiers to avoid surrender while fighting to the death.
Tenochtitlan had been almost totally destroyed by fire and cannon shot during the siege, and once it finally fell the Spanish continued its destruction, as they soon began to establish the foundations of what would become Mexico City on the site. The surviving Aztec people were forbidden to live in Tenochtitlan and the surrounding isles, and were banished to live in Tlatelolco.
Integration into the Spanish Empire.
The Council of the Indies was constituted in 1524 and the first Audiencia in 1527. In 1535, Charles V the Holy Roman Emperor (who was, as king of Spain, known as Charles I), named Spanish nobleman, don Antonio de Mendoza, the first viceroy of New Spain. Mendoza was entirely loyal to the Spanish crown, unlike conqueror Hernán Cortés, who had demonstrated that he was independent-minded and defied official orders when he threw off the authority of governor Diego Velázquez in Cuba. The name "New Spain" had been suggested by Cortés and was later confirmed officially by Mendoza.
Chichimeca Wars.
The fall of Tenochtitlan usually is referred to as the main episode in the process of the conquest of Mesoamerica. However, this process was much more complex and took longer than the three years that it took Cortés to conquer Tenochtitlan. It took almost 60 years of wars for the Spaniards to suppress the resistance of the Indian population of Mesoamerica.
After the Spanish conquest of central Mexico, expeditions were sent further northward in Mesoamerica, to the region known as La Gran Chichimeca. The expeditions under Nuño Beltrán de Guzmán were particularly harsh on the Chichimeca population, causing them to rebel under the leadership of Tenamaxtli and thus launch the Mixton War.
In 1540, the Chichimecas fortified Mixtón, Nochistlán, and other mountain towns then besieged the Spanish settlement in Guadalajara. The famous conquistador Pedro de Alvarado, coming to the aid of acting governor Cristóbal de Oñate, led an attack on Nochistlán. However, the Chichimecas counter-attacked and Alvarado's forces were routed. Under the leadership of Viceroy Antonio de Mendoza, the Spanish forces and their Indian allies ultimately succeeded in recapturing the towns and suppressing resistance. However, fighting did not completely come to a halt in the ensuing years.
In 1546, Spanish authorities discovered silver in the Zacatecas region and established mining settlements in Chichimeca territory which altered the terrain and the Chichimeca traditional way of life. The Chichimeca resisted the intrusions on their ancestral lands by attacking travellers and merchants along the "silver roads." The ensuing Chichimeca War (1550–1590) would become the longest and costliest conflict between Spanish forces and indigenous peoples in the Americas. The attacks intensified with each passing year. In 1554, the Chichimecas inflicted a great loss upon the Spanish when they attacked a train of sixty wagons and captured more than 30,000 pesos worth of valuables. By the 1580s, thousands had died and Spanish mining settlements in Chichimeca territory were continually under threat. In 1585, Alonso Manrique de Zuñiga, was appointed viceroy. The viceroy was infuriated when he learned that some Spanish soldiers had begun supplementing their incomes by raiding the villages of peaceful Indians in order to sell them into slavery. With no militaristic end to the conflict in sight, he was determined to restore peace to that region and launched a full-scale peace offensive by negotiating with Chichimeca leaders and providing them with lands, agricultural supplies, and other goods. This policy of "peace by purchase" finally brought an end to the Chichimeca War.
Yucatán peninsula.
The Spanish conquest of Yucatán took almost 170 years. The whole process could have taken longer were it not for three separate epidemics that took a heavy toll on the Native Americans, killing almost 75% of the population and causing the collapse of Mesoamerican cultures. Some believe that Old World diseases like smallpox caused the death of 90 to 95 percent of the native population of the New World.
The Aztecs under Spanish rule.
The Aztec Empire ceased to exist with the Spanish final conquest of Tenochtitlan in August 1521. The empire had been composed of separate city-states that had either allied with or been conquered by the Mexica of Tenochtitlan, and rendered tribute to the Mexica while maintaining their internal ruling structures. Those polities now came under Spanish rule, also retaining their internal structures of ruling elites, tribute paying commoners, and land holding and other economic structures largely intact. Two key works by historian Charles Gibson, "Tlaxcala in the Sixteenth Century" (1952) and his vastly important monograph "The Aztecs Under Spanish Rule: A History of the Indians of the Valley of Mexico, 1519-1810" (1964) were crucial in reshaping the understanding of the history of the indigenous and their communities from the Spanish conquest to Mexican the 1810 Mexican independence era. Scholars who were part of a branch of Mesoamerican ethnohistory, more recently called the New Philology have, using indigenous texts in the indigenous languages, been able to examine in considerable detail how the indigenous lived during the era of Spanish colonial rule. A major work that utilizes colonial-era indigenous texts as its main source is James Lockhart's "The Nahuas After the Conquest: Postconquest Central Mexican History and Philology." Key to understanding how considerable continuity of pre-conquest indigenous structures was possible was the Spanish colonial utilization of the indigenous nobility. In the colonial era, the indigenous nobility were largely recognized as nobles by the Spanish colonial regime, with privileges including the noble Spanish title "don" for noblemen and "doña" for noblewomen. To this day, the title of Duke of Moctezuma is held by a Spanish noble family. A few of the indigenous nobility learned Spanish. Spanish friars taught indigenous scribes to write their own languages in Latin letters, which soon became a self-perpetuating tradition at the local level. Their surviving writings are crucial in our knowledge of colonial era Nahuas. The first mendicants in central Mexico, particularly the Franciscans and Dominicans learned the indigenous language of Nahuatl, in order to evangelize in indigenous in their native tongue. Early mendicants created texts in order to forward the project of Christianization. Particularly important were the 1571 Spanish-Nahuatl dictionary compiled by Franciscan Fray Alonso de Molina, and his 1569 bilingual Nahuatl-Spanish confessional manual for priests. A major project by the Franciscans in Mexico was the compilation of knowledge on Nahua religious beliefs and culture that friar Bernardino de Sahagún, oversaw, using indigenous informants, resulting in a number of important texts and culminating in a 12 volume text, "The General History of the Things of New Spain" published in English as the Florentine Codex. The Spanish crown via the Council of the Indies and the Franciscan order in the late sixteenth century became increasingly hostile to works by religious in the indigenous languages, concerned that they were heretical and impediment to the Indians' true conversion.
To reward to Spaniards who participated in the conquest what is now contemporary Mexico, the Spanish crown authorized grants of native labor in particular indigenous communities via the Encomienda. The indigenous were not slaves, chattel bought and sold or removed from their home community, but the system was one of forced labor. The indigenous of Central Mexico had practices rendering labor and tribute products to their polity's elites and those elites to the Mexica overlords in Tenochtitlan, so the Spanish system of encomienda was built on pre-existing patterns.
The Spanish conquerors in Mexico during the early colonial era lived off the labor of the indigenous. Due to some horrifying instances of abuse against the indigenous peoples, Bishop Bartolomé de las Casas suggested importing black slaves to replace them. Bartolomé later repented when he saw the even worse treatment given to the black slaves.
The other discovery that perpetuated this system was extensive silver mines discovered at Potosi, in Upper Peru (now Bolivia) and other places that were worked for hundreds of years by forced native labor and contributed most of the wealth that flowed to Spain. Spain spent enormous amounts of this wealth hiring mercenaries to fight the Protestant Reformation and to halt the Turkish invasions of Europe. The silver was used to purchase goods, as European manufactured goods were not in demand in Asia and the Middle East. The Manila Galleon brought in far more silver direct from South American mines to China than the overland Silk Road, or even European trade routes in the Indian oceans could.
The Aztec education system was abolished and replaced by a very limited church education. Even some foods associated with Mesoamerican religious practice, such as amaranth, were forbidden.
In the 16th century, perhaps 240,000 Spaniards entered American ports. They were joined by 450,000 in the next century. Unlike the English-speaking colonists of North America, the majority of the Spanish colonists were single men who married or made concubines of the natives, and were even encouraged to do so by Queen Isabella during the earliest days of colonization. As a result of these unions, as well as concubinage and secret mistresses, a vast class of people known as "Mestizos" came into being.
Cultural depictions.
The Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire is the subject of an opera, "La Conquista" (2005) and of a set of six symphonic poems, "La nueva España" (1992–99) by Italian composer Lorenzo Ferrero.
Cortés's conquest has been depicted in numerous television documentaries. These include in an episode of Engineering an Empire as well as in the BBC series Heroes and Villains, with Cortés being portrayed by Brian McCardie. The expedition was also partially included in the animated film The Road to El Dorado as the main characters Tulio and Miguel end up as stowaways on Hernán Cortés' fleet to Mexico. Here Cortés is a merciless and ambitious villain, leading a quest to find El Dorado the legendary city of gold in the New World, he is voiced by Jim Cummings.
The aftermath of the Spanish conquest, including the Aztecs' struggle to preserve their cultural identity, is the subject of the acclaimed Mexican feature film, The Other Conquest, directed by Salvador Carrasco.
References.
Additional Bibliography.
York: W.W. Norton, 2011.
American Voices", edited by John Charles Chasteen. 42-48. New York: W.W. Norton, 2011.
Empire", vol. 1. Boston: Prentice Hall, 2011.
Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5865942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865942" title="BBC MindGames Magazine">
BBC MindGames Magazine

BBC MindGames was a British magazine devoted to puzzles, brainteasers and articles concerning the mind. It was published every four weeks. Its name was taken from the BBC Four show, "Mind Games".
The magazine was launched in 2006 by Cam Winstanley, who edited the first three issues. From issue four (September 2006), Cavan Scott took over the editorship, bringing in more variety and a broader, less haughty tone. In common with other magazines in the BBC Worldwide stable, it has a glossy cover, extensive features and interviews, and a witty tone. Issue 9, published on 30 January 2007, was the last issue. A feature called "Mind Games", including a similar selection of puzzles, now appears in BBC Focus magazine.
Hidden features.
The magazine contains a number of hidden puzzles, known as Easter Eggs. These usually lead to a coded message or word for the reader to discover. Issue 1 included a hidden URL for a web site concealed in an Acrostic style form. 
The spine of the magazine includes an anagram of the current issue in some form or another. For example:
Other easter eggs have included using dice printed on each page indicating the number of eyes visible on that page's spread, having differences between images of the front cover and the actual front cover, and hiding related words within articles.
Global Hide & Seek.
This puzzle is the brain-child of Cam Winstanley. The premise here is that a photograph is shown of a series of props, images and text, all of which will lead the solver to identifying a famous person (living or dead) hiding somewhere in the world, carrying out some activity or other. This puzzle is the cause of much frustration and enjoyment amongst the readers of the magazine, who will either work alone or in groups on the magazine's forum page to try to solve the clues.
Regular characters.
The magazine includes a number of characters who provide assistance, clues and additional puzzles for the readers. These characters were named by the readers of the Forum pages (see External Links) in weekly competitions.
Links to other BBC programmes.
The magazine was based on the BBC television programme "Mind Games". Within the magazine are a number of articles and puzzles that are based upon or directly linked with existing BBC radio and television programmes. For example:
In addition, the regular logic puzzles were based around current BBC programmes. Past puzzles have included "Torchwood", "Spooks" and "EastEnders".
Some issues featured a game to seek out a picture of a BBC personality hidden in the pages. These included EastEnders character, Phil Mitchell, and TV/radio presenter, Terry Wogan.

</doc>
<doc id="5865946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865946" title="Ang Ching Hui">
Ang Ching Hui

Ang Ching Hui (born 29 July 1993) is a Singaporean actress best known for her role as "Lee Xiao Yun" in the MediaCorp Channel 5 television series "Police and Thief". Apart from acting, she also studied at Millennia Institute, a school offering pre-university education. She received a Star Awards nomination in 2002 for her performance in "The Vagrant".

</doc>
<doc id="5865955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865955" title="Ulmus elongata">
Ulmus elongata

Ulmus elongata L. K. Fu & C. S. Ding , also known as the Long Raceme Elm in the USA, is a deciduous tree endemic to broadleaf forests in the eastern provinces of China.
Description.
The tree grows to a height of < 30 m and trunk < 0.8 m d.b.h. The bark is a brownish grey, and exfoliates in flakes.
The coarse leaves are < 20 cm long, narrowly elliptic with an acuminate apex and borne on twigs that occasionally feature corky wings. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers appear on the second-year twigs in February. The samarae are distinctively shuttle-shaped, < 25 mm in length, on stalks < 22 mm long, and appear in March.
Pests and diseases.
No information available.
Cultivation.
The species was virtually unknown in the West until it was introduced to the Morton Arboretum, Illinois, in the 1990s as part of an evaluation of Chinese elms for landscape use. [http://www.ces.ncsu.edu/fletcher/programs/nursery/metria/metria8/m87.pdf]. Some of the seedlings raised at the Morton Arboretum were donated to the U S National Arboretum (USNA) in Washington, where they have prospered. The species is not known in Australasia. "U. elongata" is not known to be in commerce, and there are no known cultivars.

</doc>
<doc id="5865956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865956" title="Assfort">
Assfort

Assfort is a Japanese hardcore punk band from Tokyo. Their musical style is fast and loud with angry, fast, undecipherable vocals.
Their style led to the music genre known as Japcore, Japanese hardcore punk music. Assfort is a seminal band in the movement along with others like Gauze.
Members.
Yoshio - vocals<br>
Hiya - guitar<br>
Shimomura - bass<br>
Kiku - drums / No Think,CHARM,Conquest For Death, R.A.G.S on Bass

</doc>
<doc id="5865969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865969" title="The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight">
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight

"The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight" is a 1969 novel written by Jimmy Breslin, and a film of the same name based on the book and released in 1971. The novel is a "roman à clef" based on the life of Joey Gallo.
In the 1971 film version of the novel, Kid Sally Palumbo – the character based on Joe Gallo, also known as "Crazy Joey" – is played by Jerry Orbach. The Mafia comedy features a young Robert De Niro as a member of an Italian cycling team who stays behind illegally in America after the cancellation of the race, for which he had come to the country. For money, he is an adept thief who masquerades as a priest to con Mafia bosses into giving donations to a nonexistent charity. 
This film is one of De Niro's earliest. Originally, Al Pacino signed up to play the part of Mario Trantino, but the role was given to De Niro when Pacino was cast as Michael Corleone in "The Godfather". Taking this role also kept DeNiro from being cast as Vito Corleone’s driver Paulie in The Godfather, which would have prevented him being cast later as young Vito Corleone in "The Godfather Part II". Cast member Carmine Caridi had a small role in both Godfather I and II.

</doc>
<doc id="5865972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865972" title="Northwich Infirmary">
Northwich Infirmary

Northwich Infirmary, known as Victoria Infirmary, is a small hospital located in the town of Northwich, Cheshire, England. Along with Leighton Hospital in Crewe and the Elmhurst Intermediate Care Centre in Winsford, it forms the Mid Cheshire Hospitals National Health Service Foundation Trust.
The Infirmary originally opened in 1887 when a local MP, Robert Verdin, donated his house for use as a hospital. It benefits from dedicated support services, a Minor Injuries Unit (open between 9am and 10pm), a Therapy Services department and many outpatient services.

</doc>
<doc id="5865980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865980" title="Psechridae">
Psechridae

The Psechridae are a family of spiders with about 50 species in two extant genera, recently revised by Bayer (2011, 2012).
They belong to the "RTA" clade of spiders, spiders that all have a Retrolateral Tibial Apophysis on the male pedipalp. A recent phylogenetic analysis places Psechridae as close relatives of the Lynx spiders (Oxyopidae), as well as wolf spiders (Lycosidae) and nursery web spiders (Pisauridae) (Agnarsson et al. 2013). With body lengths of up to 2 cm and funnel webs more than 1 m in diameter, they are among the biggest cribellate spiders. Psechrids construct cribellate webs and Fecenia construct webs that are similar to orb webs of Orbiculariae spiders, a remarkable example of evolutionary convergence (Blackledge et al. 2012, Agnarsson et al. 2013). Psecrhidae spiders are only found in SE Asia, where they occur in forests from lowland to altitudes exceeding 2000m. Female "Psechrus" carry their egg-sac in the chelicerae, similar to their relatives, the ecribellate Pisauridae. They feature several characteristics normally found in ecribellate spiders, for example brood care behavior, and a colulus with no apparent function (Fang "et al." 2000).
Habits.
Psechridae occur in forests, rocky areas, and caves, constructing horizontal webs lace webs (Psechrus) or pseudo-orbs (Fecenia). They have greatly elongated legs, with the last element being very flexible.
Distribution.
They occur in SE Asia, ranging from India in the west, to Salomon islands in the east, reaching as far south as northern Australia, and north to central China.

</doc>
<doc id="5865983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865983" title="Prather">
Prather

Prather may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5865997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5865997" title="The Phantom of Liberty">
The Phantom of Liberty

The Phantom of Liberty () is a 1974 film by Luis Buñuel, produced by Serge Silberman and starring Adriana Asti, Julien Bertheau and Jean-Claude Brialy.
Plot.
The opening scene is inspired by "The Kiss", a short story by Spanish post-romanticist writer Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer. Toledo, 1808. The city has been occupied by French Napoleonic troops. A firing squad executes a small group of Spanish rebels who cry out "Long live chains!" or "Death to the "gabachos"!" -a Spanish pejorative term for "Frenchmen"-. The troops are encamped in a Catholic church which they desecrate by drinking, singing, and eating the communion wafers. The captain caresses a statue of Doña Elvira de Castañeda and is knocked unconscious by the statue of her husband, Don Pedro López de Ayala. In revenge, the captain exhumes Doña Elvira's body to find her face has not decomposed; there is a suggestion of intended necrophilia.
Cut to the present day where a nanny is reading the voice-over from a book whilst seated on a park bench. The children in her care are given some pictures by a strange man in the park. There are implications of child abduction or pedophilia. Cut to a close-up of a spider and the interior of a bourgeois apartment where a man is "fed up with symmetry" as he rearranges his mantelpiece. The children arrive home and show the pictures to their parents who are shocked that the girls have such images. The parents are disgusted and yet erotically stimulated by the images. When we see the images, they are revealed as picture postcards of French architecture. The parents then let the children keep the pictures and dismiss the nanny. At bedtime, the husband cannot sleep as he is woken in the night by a cockerel, a postman and an emu wandering through his bedroom.
In the next scene, the husband visits his doctor, who dismisses these nighttime experiences as apparitions despite the fact that the husband has physical evidence in the form of a letter from the nocturnal postman. The evidence is never considered as the doctor's nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes. The soldiers tell her that the road ahead is blocked. The nurse drives to an isolated hotel.
A storm breaks as the nurse checks in at the small rural hotel. Some Carmelite monks are also staying at the hotel. She takes supper in her room while a flamenco dancer and guitarist perform in an adjacent room. The monks interrupt her as she is dressing for bed. They offer to use a holy effigy and prayer to assist her sick father, they begin to pray. Time has passed and the monks are playing a game of poker with the nurse and the hotel manager, gambling with holy relics, smoking and drinking alcohol.
That same night, some new guests arrive at the hotel: a young man and his aunt. The young nephew has brought his aunt to the hotel for an incestuous affair – yet another sexual taboo is addressed. They retire to their room, the elderly aunt confesses that she is a virgin, when the nephew pulls back the sheets to look at her naked body, she has the body of a young woman. The nephew is refused by his aunt and leaves his room to join another couple (a hatter and his female assistant) for a drink. The nurse and the four monks are also invited into the hatter's room. While the guests are socializing, the hatter's assistant dons a dominatrix outfit with a whip. The hatter, who is wearing bottomless trousers, proceeds to be masochistically flagellated by his assistant in front of the other guests who are shocked and leave. The nephew returns to his aunt, who is now willing to make love with him.
The next morning, the nurse leaves for the town of Argenton, giving a lift to another resident who is breakfasting in the bar. This resident is a professor at the police academy. He is dropped off at work where he gives a lecture to a class of delinquent policemen, who behave like schoolchildren, on the subject of the relativism of laws, customs and taboos. The lecture is constantly interrupted, either by the police being called away to respond to crimes being committed, or their own childish pranks, until only two officers are left in the class. The professor continues, using a dinner party at his friends’ house to illustrate a point he is making. We then cut to the ‘dinner’ party which is being held in a modern bourgeois apartment.
The guests are seated around the table on flushing toilets. They politely discuss various issues around the topic of defecation whilst publicly using the toilets that they are sitting on. When a guest is hungry, he excuses himself and retires to the dining room, a private cubicle, to eat food.
We cut back to the police lecture. The two policeman go on duty where they stop a speeding motorist (Mr. Legendre) who is rushing to see his doctor. Mr. Legendre is eventually told by his doctor that he has cancer and offered a cigarette, he slaps his doctor and returns home. Once home, he tells his wife that nothing is wrong with him. They receive a phone call informing them that their daughter has disappeared from school.
We now cut to the school where the teachers insist that the little girl has vanished despite the fact that she is physically present. Her disappearance is reported to the police, the girl is present but none of the adults admit to her presence. In this absurdist scene, she is there – the adults are able to see and speak to her – yet they act as if she is missing.
We follow one of the policemen, who is having his shoes shined. We then follow the man who is sitting next to him to the top of a tower block. This man is a sniper who randomly kills people in the streets below. He is arrested, found guilty, and sentenced to death but leaves the courtroom to be treated as a celebrity.
Mr. Legendre is called to see the Prefect of Police who returns the missing daughter. The Prefect is about to read a letter explaining how the girl was found - reading the very same narrative that the nanny was reading at the beginning of the film - but is interrupted and leaves to visit a bar. In the bar, he meets a woman who looks like his dead sister (we see a flashback in which he remembers his sister playing the piano, naked). He then receives a phone call from his dead sister, asking him to meet her at the mausoleum. When he visits the cemetery at night, he finds a telephone in the crypt by his sister's coffin. Her hair is hanging out of the coffin. He is suddenly arrested for desecration by officers who refuse to believe that he is the Prefect of Police.
The Prefect is taken to his office, where a different man takes his place. The two men treat each other cordially and discuss crowd control as if they are acquainted. We see the animals in the zoo, the two police chiefs arrive, and direct police control of an unseen riot. The film ends with a close-up shot of an ostrich's head.
Historical and social context.
"The Phantom of Liberty" was Buñuel's penultimate film. At the time of production, he was 74 years old and considering retirement. Buñuel summarizes many of the concerns that permeate his work:
The film contains short incidents and scenarios collected from throughout Buñuel's life, arranged in the style of a surreal game where seemingly disconnected ideas are linked by chance encounters. Writer Gary Indiana notes that the film was written by Buñuel and Carrière "telling each other their dreams every morning."
The film is infused with his personal experience. It opens in Toledo, Spain, a city that so impressed the young Buñuel that in 1923 he founded a group called the "Order of Toledo". When he was a student in Madrid, he saw a dead woman's hair ‘growing’ from a tomb in the moonlight. The sight made a strong impression on him and he used it in this film some fifty years later. In the 1940s, when he lived in Los Angeles but had no prospects of film work, he wrote down an idea about a missing girl whose parents fruitlessly search for her while she is beside them; invisible and yet not invisible. When the Carmelite monk says "If everyone prayed every day to Saint Joseph, peace and quiet would prevail", this was a quote that had stuck with Buñuel when he was visiting a monastery in the 1960s. One of the most poignant biographical details used in "The Phantom of Liberty" is the sequence when the doctor tries to avoid telling his patient that he has cancer of the liver. This was based on Buñuel's experience of being told that he had a cyst on his liver (he died of cancer of the liver in 1983).
The title of the film is a homage to Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels’ "Communist Manifesto", specifically a reference to the opening sentence: "A spectre is haunting Europe — the spectre of Communism" (in French, "spectre" is translated as "fantôme"). This sentence refers to the way in which the idea of Communism was being used pejoratively by the authorities in the mid-19th century to attack all political parties opposed to the established order (church, aristocracy and state). "The Communist Manifesto" was written to offer a positive vision of the views, aims and tendencies of Communists from across Europe. Buñuel and the Surrealists were closely linked to the Communists in the 1930s, but by the 1950s he had developed a greater antipathy towards the party.
The title of "The Phantom of Liberty" is also taken from this line of dialogue from his 1969 film "The Milky Way": "I experience in every event that my thoughts and my will are not in my power. And that my liberty is only a phantom." This possibly to the way in which the civil rights movements of the 1960s had been seen as a threat to the established order – the ‘phantom’ of radical liberal ideas ‘haunting’ capitalist society. It is more likely to refer to the illusive nature of freedom, to the ways in which our destinies are controlled by chance, or, as Buñuel would have it:
This quote not only parallels the structure of the film but also summarizes Buñuel's philosophy of life. After being awarded an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in the previous year (for "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie", also with producer Serge Silberman and writer Jean-Claude Carriere), he appears to have regained the creative autonomy of his early films. "The Phantom of Liberty" can therefore be seen as a personal film from a director reflecting back on a long creative career.
Narrative structure, characters and themes.
"The Phantom of Liberty" is a film that celebrates the notion of chance encounters and takes this concept to ‘wage war’ on the very idea of story-telling. The overall structure of the film is one of seemingly unconnected episodes linked together by random encounters. The story is passed from one scene to the next as if the narrative is a relay race: the narrative ‘baton’ is passed on by means of a minor character from one scene becoming the next major character. When watching a film, we usually expect the various interlocking narratives to be revisited and the film to end with a clear resolution to each story. In this film, we are left wondering what will happen in each section and most of the characters do not reappear. As mentioned earlier, a number of the scenes in the film are taken from Buñuel's own experience and structured using the surrealist notion of automatism or stream of consciousness, where ideas are allowed to develop without the control of reason or aesthetics.
Buñuel outlines the film's themes in his autobiography as being:
The characters in the film, of which there are more than forty credited, are taken from a range of middle-class ‘types’. The characters are not particularly allowed to develop as personalities; they are more like a series of fairly sympathetic stereotypes that represent institutions and professions as diverse as: religious orders, doctors, nurses, the police, the military and the teaching profession. Each character appears to be subject to coincidence and have no control over their fate. Their situations appear to be the consequence of the social rituals, laws and morality that the Professor discusses at the police academy.
In its suggestion of various sexual transgressions, the film emphasizes how the concept of morality is a personal issue. The lack of explanation or resolution illustrates the mystery of nature or reality. This, coupled with its economic style, could allow you to use the text to interrogate perceptions of reality and conventions of realism.
Film style.
Renowned for his ability to work to tight budgets and schedules (after his experiences of working in the Mexican film industry), Buñuel was more concerned with constructing ideas than complex sets or Expressionistic cinematic style. One example of his economic style is the scene where he receives a telephone call from his dead sister; we don’t have to see the corpse reach out from the coffin – it is easier to show the telephone (a cheap prop), and allow our imaginations to construct the scenario.
It is also interesting to note the lack of a musical score in the soundtrack, subtle sound effects (for which Buñuel is credited) are used to create atmosphere. One example of this is the riot at the end of the film, suggested only by the sound effects. Contrast this with Bernardo Bertolucci's reconstruction of the 1968 Parisian riots in "The Dreamers" (2003); expensive to stage, involving the use of a large cast and crew and closing down Parisian streets.
Critical views.
Buñuel's previous production, "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie", had won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film, and his next and final film, "That Obscure Object of Desire" was a more conventional narrative. Below is a selection of critical comments on the film:

</doc>
<doc id="5866008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866008" title="Privilege revocation (computing)">
Privilege revocation (computing)

Privilege revocation is the act of an entity giving up some, or all of, the privileges they possess, or some authority taking those (privileged) rights away.
Information theory.
Honoring the Principle of least privilege at a granularity provided by the base system such as sandboxing of (to that point successful) attacks to an unprivileged user account helps in reliability of computing services provided by the system. As the chances of restarting such a process are better, and other services on the same machine aren't affected (or at least probably not as much as in the alternative case: i.e. a privileged process gone haywire instead).
Computer security.
In computing security "privilege revocation" is a measure taken by a program to protect the system against misuse of itself.
Privilege revocation is a variant of privilege separation whereby the program terminates the privileged part immediately after it has served its purpose. If a program doesn't revoke privileges, it risks the escalation of privileges.
Revocation of privileges is a technique of defensive programming.

</doc>
<doc id="5866052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866052" title="Leonid Sobinov">
Leonid Sobinov

Leonid Vitalyevich Sobinov (, June 7 May 26 1872 – October 14, 1934), was an acclaimed Imperial Russian operatic tenor. His fame continued unabated into the Soviet era, and he was made a People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1923. Sobinov's voice was lyrical in size and tone, and it was employed with discerning taste and excellent musicianship.
Biography.
Leonid Sobinov was born in Yaroslavl, into the family of the lower middle-class trade officer Vitaly Vasilyevich Sobinov. The period of his childhood was apparently happy and calm. Sobinov's mother, who died early, was a keen singer, and due to her inspiration, he began singing himself. In 1881, at the age of nine, he entered a boys' school, graduating in 1890 with a silver medal. As a schoolboy, he had played the guitar as well as joining a local choir.
Sobinov enrolled in a university course in Moscow. This led to a degree in law, which he received in 1894. After university, Sobinov performed military service and then began to practice law. He also studied singing in Moscow with professors Alexander Dodonov and Alexandra Santagano Gorchakova, who, in 1897, suggested that he attend an audition at the city's Bolshoi Theatre. He did well at the audition, obtaining a Bolshoi contract for an initial period of two years. This contract would lay the foundation for a subsequent singing career of extraordinary success. 
Sobinov would go on to appear in Moscow and St Petersburg in operas such as "Ruslan and Ludmila", "Faust", "Manon", "Prince Igor", "Eugene Onegin", "Halka", "Rigoletto", "Lohengrin", "Tannhäuser" (as Walter von der Vogelweide) and Mikhail Ivanov's "Zabava Putyatishna" (as Solovey Budimirovich).
Sobinov was impressed by the up-and-coming operatic bass Feodor Chaliapin, who was one year younger than he was, and they appeared together on stage in 1899. In that same year, he added the parts of Andrej ("Mazeppa"), Gérald ("Lakmé") and Alfredo Germont ("La traviata") to his repertoire. After going through the score of "Carmen", he declined to take on the role of Don Jose, insisting that its dramatic nature would be too taxing for his voice. 
The reigning lyric tenor at the Bolshoi during the 1890s and early 1900s was Nikolay Figner. Figner was a close friend of Russia's leading composer, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky; but Sobinov proved to be the older tenor's equal or superior in every way, surpassing him even as Lensky in Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin". 
In order to enlarge his operatic repertoire (having already added to it the tenor leads in "Martha", "Werther", "Mignon" and "Roméo et Juliette"), Sobinov decided to travel to Italy, so that he could experience Italian opera directly. In 1904-06 (and again in 1911) he appeared at Italy's premier opera house, La Scala, Milan. His performances were acclaimed not only in Russia but also in other European countries, owing to the beauty of his voice and the polish of his singing style. As well as the Bolshoi and La Scala, he sang at the:
Sobinov achieved enormous fame despite facing strong competition for the Russian public's affection from a number of rival male singers of outstanding quality. They included his fellow lyric tenors Dmitri Smirnov (1882-1944) and Andrei Labinsky (1871-1941), the spinto tenor Lev Klementiev (1868-1910) and the dramatic tenor Ivan Yershov (1867-1943). According to his contemporaries, Leonid Sobinov was a person blessed with rare charm. He loved a lot and he was loved by a lot. Famous beauties of his era were constantly falling in love with him. They included, among many others, Elisabeth Sadovskaya, the actress, and Vera Karalli, the ballet dancer and silent-cinema star.
Although Sobinov's first marriage to Maria Karzhavina, a Philharmonic Society schoolmate, did not last, he was devoted to his two sons by her, Boris and George (Yuri) Sobinov. In 1915, he married secondly Nina Mukhina. She was the sister of the renowned Soviet sculptor Vera Mukhina, who was the creator of the "Worker and Collective Farmer" monument. It was a happy marriage. They had one daughter, Svetlana. 
In 1917, after the Russian Revolution, Sobinov became the first elected director of the Bolshoi Theatre. He undertook a theatrical trip to the Ukraine in 1918 and found himself cut off temporarily from Russia. In 1919, he was assigned to the role of chairman of the musical committee of the all-Ukrainian Division of Arts in Kiev. The year 1920 saw him become a manager at the Division of Public Education in Sevastopol. In 1920 his son Yuri, who served in the White Army, was killed near Melitopol. His other son, Boris, a music composer, (1895-1956), emigrated to Germany. 
Sobinov again became a director of the Bolshoi Theatre in 1921. Two years later he was selected to be a deputy of the Moscow City Council. He made his last stage appearance in 1933 at a Bolshoi gala held in his honour. The next year, he began work at the operatic studio of Konstantin Stanislavsky as the studio's artistic leader.
On the night of 14 October 1934, Sobinov died in Riga's Hotel Saint Petersburg from a heart attack. Death was instantaneous, and he died in his sleep. His body was transported back to Moscow by special train. He was buried on October 19 at the Novo-Devichy Cemetery in Moscow.
Recordings: CD reissues.
Sobinov left a large legacy of recordings made prior to the 1917 Revolution. Many of these have been remastered and reissued on Compact Disc by various firms. These reissues include:

</doc>
<doc id="5866058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866058" title="Edenborn">
Edenborn

Edenborn is a 2004 novel by Nick Sagan. It is the sequel to "Idlewild", and takes place 18 years after that book. The sequel to this book and the final installment of the trilogy is "Everfree".
Plot summary.
In the aftermath of a global plague, a group of gengineered posthumans are trying to rebuild society by cloning children.The world is divided into two ideological factions, one believing that humanity's weakness should be improved upon via genetic manipulation, and one devoted to bringing back the frozen remains of humanity 1.0. Both groups contribute to the overall systems of the world, Vashti working to cure Black Ep, and Isaac working to sanitize the world for his children. Pandora runs IVR, the virtual reality system, and Halloween maintains his policy of American isolationism. The children are protected from the plague by a specially-engineered retrovirus called BEAR. One group led by Champagne and Vashti, in Munich, Germany, is composed entirely of posthuman women. The other, led by Isaac, in Luxor, Egypt, is human. The two camps have an exchange program despite the death of Hessa, Isaac's daughter, in the previous exchange.
Haji, of the Luxor camp, is going to Munich this year with two of his siblings, Ngozi and Dalila. Raised to be devout Sufi Muslims, Haji is wary but delighted by the mores and technology in Munich. The Munich contingent is run more like a bootcamp than a school for the girls. Vashti monitors all of their dealings and domains in IVR, and has it strictly censored. Vashti also controls the girls through virtual dollars given as pocket money, used to buy things in IVR.
Penny, the main character of the Munich base, is obsessed with power, and recognition. When she hears that Pandora has become overworked, and may need an assistant, she puts all of her energy into getting the position. Penny is alienated from all of her peers, especially Brigit and Sloane. She believes that she has supernatural powers and somehow put a "hex" on her sister, causing her to break her leg. She believes herself to be the smartest of the girls, the best athlete, and a great writer of operatic symphonies. Her only desire is to be recognized, to be "queen of the inside" by controlling IVR, and thereby controlling her sisters.She is the kind of person who is only nice when she thinks someone is watching.She offers to pay Brigit and Sloane 5,000 dollars each (in IVR money) if they say good things about her to Pandora. When her sisters demand more money, she resorts to blackmailing them. When she is informed that Olivia, her younger sister, got the job instead, she threatens Olivia, and resolves to "make them pay".
Small items, with no history or sender, keep ending up in IVR. Haji finds a key, and Tomi recognizes it as the key to the cryogenics lab, where the Geanectis scientist Halfway Jim has stored a composite of his personality in a computer. Haji realizes the truth, that he is a clone of Halfway Jim. The Jim composite tells his that he must sacrifice himself, and "download" the personality, so that Halfway Jim, the genius, can help the world. Haji is in the middle of a crisis of faith. His entire life, his religion, stresses the ultimate path to God as self-annihilation, fana, the black light that annihilates everything but God. Here he is faced with the decision to destroy himself for the betterment of humanity. He must also consider what his father's intentions were in cloning him, and raising him to believe in what he does. He wonders if he was intended to be a conduit for Halfway Jim, his father's idol; his father's God. Just as Haji gets some solitude to contemplate this crisis, and Penny makes out her hit list, IVR goes down. Everything is exposed, Vasthi's logs and evaluations of the girls that reveal a range of mood-suppressing drugs—including sex-drive suppressants—and subliminal codes that the Munich camp use to keep their children in line, as well as the reading of the girls supposedly secret diaries. The girls are betrayed, and the Munich camp is in disarray. This is the work of a trickster called Deuce, who sees himself as the successor to "Hermes, Loki, Prometheus, Raven and Coyote".
Halloween made a clone of himself to watch his own life. He inserted this clone into IVR to follow his own life. However, the clone did not follow all of Halloween's choices, and Hal realized that the clone was an individual human being, and not really Hal. He named the clone Deuce and brought him out of IVR to raise him as his son. When Deuce makes his strike on the Munich computer network, Pandora goes to Michigan to confront Halloween (she thinks he is responsible), which makes Halloween initially mad. Pandora agrees to take Deuce back to Munich to face a punishment. But Penny, recently unbalanced by the news of the mood-suppressants, is secretly working with Deuce, and the two elope.
Meanwhile, Pandora is tracking monkeys in the Amazon. The plague wiped out the world's primates, so the continued survival of the monkeys is important if a vaccine is to be found. An answer is found—a special sap the monkeys eat—but Mu'tazz, a human boy on the expedition, suddenly falls ill and the groups goes back to Munich for medical care. The answer is chilling—Mu'tazz overdosed on his retrovirus tablets, and the retrovirus began to mutate.
Halloween goes to Munich to track down his son. After brief recriminations, Isaac—leader of the Luxor camp—tells them that the three children on the exchange course (and presumably the other human children) are also suffering and will soon die.
Deuce and Penelope go to Britain, and begin a 'last-couple-on-Earth' fantasy. But Penny insists that on fulfilling the fantasy, and the pair go to an air force base and acquire weaponry. After they accidentally shoot down Pandora over the Mediterranean, they travel to Munich with a rocket launcher. Deuce follows everything Penny tells him to do because she is dying—it's shown by huge red splotches on her. However, she is really using strawberry jam to cause herself to have an allergic reaction so that she can fool Deuce. When Penny tells Deuce to fire the rocket launcher at the headquarters where everyone else is, Deuce refuses. Penny takes the rocket launcher herself and prepares to fire it. Halloween shoots her. Deuce commits suicide, with his idea of his father shattered.
In the aftermath, the various leaders realise that all their problems came from deceit and trickery. They all move to Munich, where they begin to build, hopefully, a better world.
Reception.
"F&SF" reviewer Robert. K. J. Killheffer described the novel as a "competent but not particularly original on familiar sf scenarios," distinguished from the routine by Sagan's "sympathetic treatment of religious faith."

</doc>
<doc id="5866060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866060" title="Motley crew">
Motley crew

A motley crew is a cliché for a roughly organized assembly of characters. Typical examples of motley crews are pirates, Western posses, rag-tag mercenary bands, and freedom fighters. They may align with, include, or be (as a group) either the protagonist or the antagonist of the story. Dictionary.com defines a motley crew as "a gathered group of people of various backgrounds, appearance, character, etc." 
Motley crews are, by definition, non-uniform and undisciplined as a whole. They are typified by containing characters of conflicting personality, varied backgrounds and, usually to the benefit of the group, a wide array of methods for overcoming adversity. Traditionally, a motley crew who in the course of a story comes into conflict with an organized, uniform group of characters, will prevail. This is generally achieved through the narrative utilizing the various specialties, traits and other personal advantages of each member to counterbalance the (often sole) specialty of a formal group of adversaries.
Archetypical instances of the "motley crew" overcoming adversity are commonly found in fantasy and science fiction. Examples include parties of the Rebel Alliance (often including both humans and other species such as Wookiees, Ewoks, or Gungans) defeating many identical stormtroopers in the "Star Wars" universe. A motley crew is also the model for most sports stories, such as "The Mighty Ducks and The Sandlot", in which the opposing and antagonistic team that is ultimately defeated is also much more organized and coherent.
Etymology.
"Motley" from 13th-century Middle English means "composed of elements of diverse or varied character". In the 15–16th century came the "Motley", the official dress of the court jester. The jester was an important person in court circles, who could speak the truth without punishment even when it was contrary to the king’s or senior officials’ opinion. Their uniforms were generally lively and multi-coloured.

</doc>
<doc id="5866074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866074" title="Dirty Jokes and Beer">
Dirty Jokes and Beer

Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined is a 1997 book written by Drew Carey.
In a preface to the book, Carey claims that he wrote every word of it himself—he did not recruit a ghost writer although, as he says, "It probably would have been easier."
The book was mentioned briefly in an episode of the US version of the improv comedy TV series "Whose Line is it Anyway?," a show which Drew himself hosted from 1998 to 2003. During a game of "Scenes From a Hat," Drew pulled out the subject "books least likely to be checked out at the library" and friend Ryan Stiles acted as if he was picking a book and read the title "Dirty Jokes and Beer."
Sections.
The book is divided into three sections, which are referred to in the title. All of the chapters within the first two sections (save for "101 Big-Dick Jokes", which "would be redundant") are preceded by a dirty joke Carey has heard over the years.
The "Dirty Jokes" section.
The first section deals with Drew's views on various topics, such as being at airports (he writes that he likes to ride around in the carts to make people move out of his way) and the difference between Las Vegas and Atlantic City. (Carey writes that he prefers Las Vegas, as he sees Atlantic City as being filled with retired people shuffling around, playing nickel slot machines.) The section ends with "101 Big Dick Jokes".
The "Beer" section.
This section of the book contains the autobiographical stories. Drew briefly discusses his upbringing and his time with the United States Marines, as well as his experiences working on his show. In this section, he also includes reviews about his show, both positive and negative, as well as some of the notes he received from network censors about the show's content.
"The Stories Of The Unrefined".
This section contains five short stories that Drew wrote for the book. He describes these stories as being "Drew in "The Twilight Zone,"" where he takes some elements from his life and changes them into fictional stories where he is the main protagonist of the stories. These short stories are not preceded by dirty jokes.

</doc>
<doc id="5866076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866076" title="Mano (singer)">
Mano (singer)

Nagoor Babu known by his stage name Mano (born 26 October 1965) is an Indian playback singer, voice-over artist, actor, producer, television anchor and music composer. He is a recipient of several awards such as the "Kalaimamani" award from the Government of Tamil Nadu and Nandi Awards from the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
Mano has recorded more than 30,000 songs for various Telugu, Bengali, Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Oriya and Bollywood films. He has also performed for over 3000 live concerts across the continents.
Early life and background.
Mano was born as Nagoor Babu into a Muslim family on 26 October 1963 in Sattenapalli, Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh state. His father Rasool, was a musician in the All India Radio, Vijayawada division and his mother Shaheeda, was a popular Stage actress. Inspired heavily by his mother, Mano joined the stage theater and played many historical characters which also involved singing live songs in his own voice. He soon started taking formal training of carnatic classical music under the vocalist Nedunuri Krishnamurthy. Subsequently, he started his film acting career in the late 1970s. He featured as a supporting characters in films such as "Rangoon Rowdy" and "Kethu Gadda".
Career.
Early days and debut.
While in 1979, Mano was shooting for a Telugu film for which the veteran M. S. Viswanathan was the music composer. It so happened that the original singer S. P. Balasubramanyam who was supposed to sing a song could not show up to the recording studio. Accidentally, Mano was asked to show his singing skills by the composer's assistant who was a good friend of Mano's father. Mano rendered few of the Ghazal songs much to the appreciation of audience present there and the composer himself. From then on, Mano was signed by Viswanathan to sing few track songs upon which the main singer would sing in the final version. In 1982, Mano approached the famous composer Chakravarthy seeking a chance for his brother who was upcoming as a Tabla player. However, Chakravarthy insisted that he wanted an assistant like him to sing track songs. Mano, joined his troop and assisted for almost 2 years. In his tenure with Chakravarthy, Mano sang over 2000 tracks for almost all the leading singers.
Mano recorded his debut original song in 1984, for the Telugu film "Karpoora Deepam". He was one among the 3 singers that also included S. P. Balasubramanyam and P. Susheela. He sang in a 1985 released Kannada film for musician Hamsalekha. Later he made his debut in Tamil films under Meastro Ilaiyaraaja in 1987 for the film "Poovizhi Vasalile".
Among all the films that he acted, it was the 1992 released Tamil film "Singaravelan" that gave him much recognition as a comedy actor. He acted alongside Kamal Haasan and Kushboo in this film.
Name change and association with Ilaiyaraaja.
Before beginning his long standing career with Ilaiyaraaja, Nagoor Babu was rechristened as "Mano" to avoid clash of names with the already established singer Nagoor Hanifa. The name was selected and christened by Ilaiyaraaja himself. Since then, there was no looking back for Mano who went on to record many memorable songs under the same composer for his Tamil and Telugu films. In 1987, Mano got a big break by singing popular songs for the film "Enga Ooru Pattukkaran". The songs "Shenbagame Shenbagame" and "Madhura Marikozhundu Vasam" became instant hits among the listeners. However he also faced criticism from the critics who dubbed that his voice was an absolute clone to S. P. Balasubramanyam. Taking the criticism in his stride, Mano went on recording as many as 2000 successful songs with Ilaiyaraaja and slowly branched out to sing for other Tamil composers as well. He recorded maximum number of duet songs with K. S. Chithra and S. Janaki. He simultaneously sang many hundreds of songs in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada film industries. His teaming up with Hamsalekha in Kannada produced many chart buster numbers which are considered evergreen. His few Malayalam, Hindi and Oriya songs also were well received.
Voice modulation and its success.
The early 1990s saw Mano experimenting with his voice through some modulations and it indeed worked in his favor to silence his critics. In 1994, he was approached by A. R. Rahman to sing a duet song "Mukkabla" with Swarnalatha for the movie "Kadhalan". Mano was asked to sing in a very different style by the composer and he recorded his voice which was inspired by R. D. Burman's voice in "Mehbooba Mehbooba" song. The song went on to become a huge blockbuster which broke all the regional barriers and reached out to the entire country. He recorded the same song in the Telugu and Hindi versions which also were well received. Following this stupendous success in experimentation, many music directors cashed in his newfound fame and made him sing in the same style. Some of the songs he modulated his voice for are "Aye Shabba Aye Shabba" for Vidyasagar's "Karna", "I Love You" and "Azhagiya Laila" for Sirpy's "Ullathai Allitha" and "Thillana Thillana" for Rahman's "Muthu". He has also done a few semi-classical numbers such as "Athma Varaiyo". He has also sung a few Hindi film songs for Gulshan Kumar in "Aaya Sanam", "Aaja Meri Jaan", "", and "Chor Aur Chan".
Voice-over dubbing.
The 1990s also saw another face of Mano as the voice-over dubbing artist in Telugu film industry. He dubbed his voice for almost all Rajinikanth starrers in Telugu. His voice became almost synonymous with Rajinikanth and was in great demand by all the directors and producers.
Music composing and producing.
Mano has worked as a music composer for the 2008 released Telugu film "Sombheri". He got good response for his compositions. He also tried his hands on producing the Tamil dubbed film "Mahaa Muduru" in 2010 starring Vijay and Shriya Saran in the lead roles. The film, however flopped at the box-office. He also produced two movies dubbed from Telugu to Tamil "Madurai Thimiru" and "Kumaran Rajini Rasigan" under the studio name, "Lord Venkateshwara Productions" and "Mano Media Entertainments" respectively.
Television works.
Mano is hosting "Manathodu Mano" - a musical talk show in Jaya TV. He is also one of the permanent judging panel for Vijay TV's musical reality show "Airtel Super Singer Junior" along with Chitra and Malgudi Subha. He also co-judges the musical show "Idea Super Singer" on Maa TV.
He also hosts for a telugu show name 'pillalu piddugulu' which telecasts in Gemini tv and 'Kevu keka' which is a comdey show with a co-satar name Suma Kanakala and it is telecasted in MAA TV.
Personal life.
Mano is married to Jameela. They have two sons Shakir and Rafi and a daughter. They both have made their debut in singing for the movie "Kumaran Rajini Rasigan".The elder son Shakir is being introduced as a lead actor in couple of Tamil films. Mano loves listening to ghazals by Mehdi Hassan and Ghulam Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="5866080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866080" title="Chris Cobb">
Chris Cobb

Chris Cobb (born ca 1965) is a British computer scientist and PVC, Chief Operating Officer and University Secretary at the University of London. He was previously Pro Vice-Chancellor at University of Roehampton, London, England and prior to that was at London School of Economics.
Life and work.
Cobb received his degree in Business and Computing in the late 1980s, and started his career at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) as analyst programmer, and made it to Director of Business Systems and Services in 1996. In 2005 he was appointed Pro Vice-Chancellor at the Roehampton University, and in 2011 back at the University of London he became Chief Operating Officer and University Secretary. He was promoted to PVC in 2014.
Cobb taught University IT Management on the ESMU - HUMANE Winter School for Senior University Administrators and has undertaken JISC funded research in the use of IT in Chinese Universities as part of the Leadership Foundation for Higher Education Sino-UK exchange programme.
Cobb is a member of the AHUA National Executive where he leads in liaison with Jisc and UUK on cyber security. Previously he has sat on a number of national working groups relating to IT in Higher Education, including the Jisc Organisation Support Committee, Board membership of JISC infoNet. and chairing the UCISA CISG between 2003 and 2005. He also chaired a UCAS working group investigating improvements to the recruitment and admittance of part-time students into Higher Education.
Cobb is an advocate of sharing services across universities and speaks regularly on the advantages of efficiency, quality and cost. He has been awarded several grants to develop new services and was a member of the HEFCE Shared Services working group. In 2013 Cobb initiated a programme to develop the University of London into a "significant provider of shared services to higher education."
Cobb provides consultancy to other universities on the use of IT and in 2008 (on behalf of the EUA) provided advice on the integration on IT infrastructure and systems for the merger of four universities in Strasbourg; Louis Pasteur University, Robert Schuman University, Marc Bloch University and l'Institut Universitaire de Formation des Maîtres d’Alsace. In 2008 Cobb led a successful funding bid from the JISC to experiment in the use of enterprise architecture within a university context with the specific aim of developing a service-oriented architecture to systems integration and thus enabling greater accessibility to shared services. This project is due to conclude in mid-2010. In 2013 Cobbs is involved in developing the University of London into a "significant provider of shared services to higher education".
Chris is a judge on the Times Higher Education Awards and the Times Higher Education Leadership and Management Awards and is a member of the HEFCE Cloud Advisory Board. He is elected member of the Royal Society of Arts.
Controversy.
Cobb came under fire from student activists and left-wing politicians for his handling of a series of protests by students and workers, and in an Early Day Motion George Galloway MP described Cobb as being 'nakedly mendacious' for saying that the University supported peaceful protest.

</doc>
<doc id="5866089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866089" title="Wedge filter">
Wedge filter

A wedge filter is an optical filter so constructed that its thickness varies continuously or in steps in the shape of a wedge. The filter is used to modify the intensity distribution in a radiation beam. It is also known as linearly variable filter (LVF). It is used in various optical sensors where wavelength separation is required e.g. in hyperspectral sensors.

</doc>
<doc id="5866095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866095" title="BCCL">
BCCL

BCCL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866120" title="Juan Pablo Rebella">
Juan Pablo Rebella

Juan Pablo Rebella (born 1974, in Montevideo – July 5, 2006) was an Uruguayan film director and screenwriter.
Biography.
He attended the Catholic University of Uruguay where he studied social communication, it was here that he started to direct short films and his collaboration with fellow student Pablo Stoll first began.
After graduating in 1999 he and Stoll started work on their first feature film, "25 Watts" (2001), it went on to win several international awards: Best Feature Film Award at the Rotterdam International Film Festival, Best 1st Feature Film Award at the Havana Film Festival, and the FIPRESCI Award and Best Male Actor Award at the Independent Film Festival Buenos Aires.
In 2004 Rebella and Stoll released their second feature film "Whisky", at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival and opened to critical acclaim, winning the Regard Original Award.
"Whisky" also won the Sundance Film Festival's NHK International Filmmakers Award for Latin-America.
Rebella also acted in the short film "8 horas", released in 2006.
Rebella shot himself in 2006 at the age of 32. He is buried at Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.

</doc>
<doc id="5866125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866125" title="Pete Reed">
Pete Reed

Peter Reed MBE (born 27 July 1981) is an English Olympic rower. Reed has achieved three gold medals and three silver medals in the World Championships, and earned gold medals in the Men's coxless four at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Biography.
Reed was born in Seattle, but his family moved to England several months later. He was raised in Nailsworth, Gloucestershire and attended Cirencester Deer Park School.
Reed is a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy. In 2001, whilst training as an officer on board HMS Exeter, he used an ergometer for the first time — and promptly posted the fastest time in the Royal Navy’s annual fleet-wide fitness competition.
Reed then took up rowing in his second year of university in 2002, whilst studying mechanical engineering at the University of the West of England, to become a naval engineer. The following year, in 2003, coached by Fred Smallbone, he became a successful Boat Club President.
In 2004, Reed won a place at the University of Oxford to attend a two-year MSc course in engineering, based at Oriel College. During this time, he trained at the Oxford University Boat Club (OUBC) under coach Sean Bowden, where he earned the nickname "The Commander". He was selected in both years for the Blue Boat to race against Cambridge in the annual Boat Race. Defeat in 2004 was followed by victory in 2005, in the much-documented "heaviest-ever Boat Race crew". The crew won by 2 lengths in a time of 16 minutes 42 seconds.
In 2005, Reed and his Oxford strokeman, Andrew Triggs Hodge, won GB senior pairs trials (together they have won every year since), and following the retirement of Matthew Pinsent and James Cracknell were selected by coach Jürgen Gröbler to row alongside Alex Partridge and Steve Williams MBE, in the new Great Britain Coxless Four.
Unbeaten for 27 consecutive races until Lucerne 2007, the British Four won gold at all three World Cups in 2005 and 2006, and finished both seasons by becoming World Champions.
Reed continued his training to represent Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. After a difficult early season, in which his teammates Tom James and Andrew Triggs Hodge picked up injuries, the first-choice four raced together for the first time in Poznan in the final World Cup event of the season, finishing second. The GB four then dominated their heats and semi finals at the Beijing Olympics. In the final, however, the Australian four lead for most of the way. Only a dramatic push by the British boat in the closing stages made the difference; they won the nail biting final to become gold medallists in a time of 6 minutes 6.57 seconds, beating the Australian four by 1.28 seconds.
He stands 6 feet 6 inches tall and was reported in 2006 as having the largest recorded lung capacity (11.68 litres). Originally due to return to full-time naval duties after returning from Beijing he confirmed on 6 November 2008 that he had been given permission to continue training for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Honours.
Reed was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="5866126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866126" title="Leighton Hospital">
Leighton Hospital

Leighton Hospital is a hospital located in the town of Crewe in the county of Cheshire, England. Together with Victoria Infirmary, Northwich, it forms part of the Mid Cheshire Hospitals National Health Service Foundation Trust.
Level of care.
The hospital is rated as for quality of service Good, with 90% of patients being treated within 18 weeks of referral and Average for cleanliness and comfort.

</doc>
<doc id="5866134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866134" title="Tussenvoegsel">
Tussenvoegsel

A tussenvoegsel () in Dutch linguistics is a word that is positioned between a person's first and last name similar to Irish or Scottish surname prefixes or French "particules". The most common "tussenvoegsels" are "van" (as in Dick van Dyke) meaning "from" and "de" (as in Greg de Vries), meaning "the". Most Dutch surnames include no "tussenvoegsel" (as in Mark Rutte and Wim Kok).
The use of "tussenvoegsels" differs between the Netherlands and Belgium.
In the Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, these "tussenvoegsels" are not included when sorting alphabetically. For example, in the Dutch telephone directory the surname "De Vries" is listed under "V", not "D". Therefore in Dutch databases "tussenvoegsels" are recorded separately. This often simplifies finding a Dutch surname in a Dutch database, because including the "tussenvoegsel" would result in many surnames being listed under "D" and "V".
According to Dutch language rules in the Netherlands, the "tussenvoegsel" in a surname is written with a capital letter only when it starts a sentence or is not preceded by a first name or initial. So referring to a Peter whose surname is "De Vries" we write "meneer De Vries" (Mr De Vries), but "Peter de Vries" and "P. de Vries".
In Belgium.
In Belgium, surnames are collated with the full surname including "tussenvoegsels". "De Smet" comes before "DeSmet" in a telephone book.
Although Francophone surnames commonly also have "tussenvoegsels", those are frequently contracted into the last name, turning e.g. Le Roc into Leroc or La Roche into LaRoche, thus explaining the collation preference.
In contrast to Dutch orthographic rules, in Belgium "tussenvoegsels" always keep their original orthography, as in "meneer Van Der Velde", "meneer P. Van Der Velde" or "Peter Van Der Velde".
History.
"Tussenvoegsels" originate from the time that Dutch last names officially came into use. Many of the names are place names, which refer to cities (Van Coevorden, for example) or geographical locations (such as Van den Velde, or "of the fields"). The following list of "tussenvoegsels" includes approximate translations, some of which have maintained their earlier meaning more than others.
Combinations.
Combinations of these words are also common. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="5866138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866138" title="Southlands College">
Southlands College

Southland College may refer to:
Higher education
Primary/secondary education

</doc>
<doc id="5866149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866149" title="LGV Poitiers–Limoges">
LGV Poitiers–Limoges

The LGV Poitiers–Limoges is an approximately 100 km long French high-speed rail project reserved for passenger traffic between Poitiers and Limoges. Its dual aim was:
Construction was due to start in 2014 but has been brought back to beyond 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="5866159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866159" title="Peter Michael Kirk">
Peter Michael Kirk

Sir Peter Michael Kirk, (18 May 1928 – 17 April 1977) was a British Conservative politician and a junior minister in the governments of Alec Douglas-Home and Edward Heath.
The elder son of Kenneth Escott Kirk (later Bishop of Oxford), he was educated at Marlborough and at Trinity College, Oxford, where he was President of the Union.
At the 1955 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Gravesend, defeating outgoing MP Sir Richard Acland, who had left the Labour Party to stand as an independent candidate. Kirk was re-elected in Gravesend at the 1959 election, but lost his seat at the 1964 general election to Labour's Albert Murray.
In February 1965, the former Conservative Chancellor and Deputy Prime Minister Rab Butler was elevated to the peerage and thereby gave up his parliamentary seat in Saffron Walden. Kirk was the successful candidate at the March 1965 by-election, and retained the seat until his death.
Under Alec Douglas-Home's premiership, Kirk was Under-Secretary of State for War from 1963 to 1964. When the Conservatives regained power in 1970, Prime Minister Edward Heath appointed him as Under-Secretary for Defence for the Royal Navy from 1970 to 1973. He led the first Tory delegation to the European Parliament in 1973.
He was married in August 1950 to Elizabeth Mary, daughter of Richard Brockbank Graham and Gertrude née Anson. They had 3 sons, including Matthew Kirk, who was later the British Ambassador to Finland.
Kirk was knighted in 1976. After his death in 1977 at the age of 48, the by-election for his Saffron Walden seat was won by the Conservative candidate Alan Haselhurst.

</doc>
<doc id="5866176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866176" title="He (disambiguation)">
He (disambiguation)

He is the third-person singular masculine nominative case pronoun in Modern English.
HE, H.E., He, 和, 合, 和合二仙, 贺江, 河, へ, or ヘ may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866182" title="Torrazzo of Cremona">
Torrazzo of Cremona

The Torrazzo of Cremona in Lombardy, Italy, is the bell tower of the Cathedral of Cremona. At 112.7 metres (343 ft 6 in), it is the third tallest brickwork bell tower in the world, the first being the tower of St. Martin's Church in Landshut, Bavaria, and the second at the Church of Our Lady in Bruges, Belgium. However the Torrazzo (completed in 1309) is older than the Landshut tower (completed in 1500) and the Bruges tower (completed in 1465), and it is the oldest brick structure taller than 100 m that is still standing. 
According to popular tradition, construction on the tower began in 754. In reality, it was built in four phases: a first dating back to the 1230s, up to the third dripstone, a second, between 1250 and 1267, up to the dripstone under the quadriphore, a third around 1284, and the completion of the marble spire in 1309.
Its height is announced by a plaque embedded in the wall at the base of the Torrazzo itself, stating 250 arms and 2 ounces, which in the ancient measuring system of the Lombard towns translates to approximately 111 metres.
The seven bells are tuned in the scale of A major, and date back to the 18th century.
Archaeological excavations made in the 1980s have discovered the presence of underlying structures which are supposed to be the remains of a more ancient churchyard (or a cemetery associated to it), or even previous Roman buildings.
In the Torrazzo's fourth storey resides the largest astronomical clock in the world. The mechanism was built by Francesco and Giovan Battista Divizioli (father and son) between 1583 and 1588. The exterior, originally painted by Paolo Scazzola in 1483 but later repainted many times, represents the sky with zodiac constellations and the Sun and Moon moving through them.

</doc>
<doc id="5866194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866194" title="Soumya Naâmane Guessous">
Soumya Naâmane Guessous

Soumya Naâmane Guessous is a Moroccan sociologist, Muslim feminist, champion of women's rights and author of the book
"Au-delà de toute pudeur; La Sexualité feminine au Maroc", Casablanca: Eddif, 10th edition., 1997, 280 p., first published in 1990. Guessous has launched a campaign for the transmission of Moroccan citizenship by the mother to her children, a right that is exclusively reserved for fathers.

</doc>
<doc id="5866207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866207" title="Weddington">
Weddington

Weddington can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866212" title="The Borough of Wandsworth Rifle Club">
The Borough of Wandsworth Rifle Club

Located in Earlsfield in South West London, the Borough of Wandsworth Rifle Club is one of the oldest clubs belonging to the National Small-bore Rifle Association. 
The club has indoor and outdoor ranges for small-bore rifle target shooting, as well as air pistol and air rifle facilities. 
History.
The inception of the Borough of Wandsworth Rifle Club dates back to 1903 when members of the Borough of Wandsworth Council Lt. Genl. Sir Frederick Lance KCB and Mr F.J. Liddington started the club. Christening it the Earlsfield & District Rifle Club, they and the 70 members of the club were allowed to use the Public Baths as an indoor range during the winter. 
It was in the following year that the club was renamed to the Borough of Wandsworth Rifle Club and the borough council granted a piece of land near the River Wandle of approximately two acres at a nominal rent for the erection of an indoor and outdoor range. The site is still occupied by the club. 
When the First World War started, the club lived up to its motto, "For The Empire", providing facilities for drill and rifle shooting. Some 2000 men enrolled from the area and a large number of these joined the regular forces and saw action on the fronts. 
The club has kept itself in the forefront of .22 rifle shooting since its earliest days Members have been selected to represent Great Britain in Olympic, Commonwealth, Nordic & World Games. Other members have been selected to represent England & Scotland at NSRA Open meetings held once a year at Bisley and Scotland. Lady Members have also been selected to shoot in their respective County Teams
Facilities.
The club has indoor and outdoor ranges for .22 target rifles, air pistols and air rifles. The indoor range consists of a 6 lane gallery for small-bore target shooting. Outdoors there is a covered point for and .22 ranges as well as and 10 metre air rifle target galleries. 

</doc>
<doc id="5866213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866213" title="Aguilar de Campoo">
Aguilar de Campoo

Aguilar de Campoo is a town in the province of Palencia, autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain. It is close to the River Pisuerga. Its 2011 population is 7741.
History.
In 1255 Alfonso X the Wise declared it "Villa Realenga" (Royal Town). The town maintained that privilege until 1332.
Industry.
In Aguilar is Galletas Gullón factory, the largest manufacturer of biscuits in Spain and one of the largest in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5866242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866242" title="Ringlemere Cup">
Ringlemere Cup

The Ringlemere Gold Cup is a Bronze Age vessel found in the Ringlemere barrow near Sandwich in the English county of Kent in 2001 by metal detectorist Cliff Bradshaw. Although badly crushed by recent plough damage it can be seen to have been 14 cm high with corrugated sides. The cup resembles a late Neolithic (approximately 2300 BC) ceramic beaker with Corded Ware decoration, but dates to a much later period.
Only seven similar gold "unstable handled cups" (unstable because round-bottomed) have been found in Europe, all dating to the period between 1700 and 1500 BC. The Ringlemere cup is most similar to the other British example, the Rillaton gold cup found in Cornwall in 1837. The other examples are two from Germany, two from Switzerland, one now lost from Brittany, and an unprovenanced, perhaps German, example. Two silver and, from Britain two amber and some shale cups share the same basic shapes (see Hove amber cup). The finds in Britain are in the approximate Wessex area, and on the continent near the Rhine or the Channel coast, suggesting that the vessels, though probably all made fairly locally to their find spots, related to a specific cross-channel trading zone.
History.
It is thought that the cup was not a grave good however but a votive offering independent of any inhumation, which was placed at the centre of the barrow in approximately 1700 - 1500 BC. No contemporary burials have in fact been found at the site, although later Iron Age ones have since been found, along with a Saxon cemetery.
Mr Cliff Bradshaw is an amateur archaeologist and metal detectorist, whose main area of interest is the early Anglo-Saxons of 400AD - 600AD. His fascination for this period led him to undertaking studies and the scouring of the local countryside of south-east Kent for Anglo-Saxon remains. In the course of his explorations as a detectorist he found a number of items including a beautiful silver Anglo-Saxon strap end, three sceattas, and many brooch fragments fairly close together. The number and proximity of these items led him to believe that they were not simply accidental losses but that this was an inhabited Saxon settlement and that he would find a burial mound nearby. Over the twelve to fifteen months he had access to the field he carefully scanned all aspects of the land and in doing so was able to make out the faint outline of a raised section of field. Without wanting to jump to conclusions he felt sure that this was what he was looking for. He commenced his detecting to the south side of the mound and very quickly found an Anglo-Saxon gilded brooch at a depth of eight to ten inches. The following day he continued his search on the northern perimeter of his suspected Saxon burial site; he knew from his experience as a detectorist that he would have a better chance of making a discovery on the shallower edge of the mound than he would at the deeper centre. He found the Ringlemere Cup. This was to prove to have important consequences for him as he was now obliged to stop his search for confirmation of Saxon burials.
Mr Bradshaw was certain the cup was not Saxon; he also knew that the Saxons placed a great importance on prehistoric earthworks and used them for their burials. That evening he discovered the similarities his find had with the Rillaton Cup. He was convinced that the gold cup belonged to an earlier age, revered and left alone by the Anglo-Saxons who had used the site for their burials.
Bradshaw reported the find of the cup to the local coroner's office, and through the Portable Antiquities Scheme and the Treasure Act 1996 the cup was recorded and declared to be treasure in 2002. It was bought by the British Museum for the amount of £270,000 (roughly US$520,000), with the money paid split between Mr. Bradshaw and the Smith family who own Ringlemere Farm. The money to secure the cup for the nation was raised through donations by the Heritage Lottery Fund, the National Art Collections Fund and The British Museum Friends. This also enabled the site to be properly excavated, revealing a funerary complex of Early Bronze Age date (approximately 2300 BC) on the site.
On the first site visit Mr Bradshaw said that this was an Anglo-Saxon burial, but Mr Keith Parfitt, the local archaeologist replied, ‘This is a Bronze Age Barrow of great importance, we won’t find any Saxons here’. Mr Bradshaw pointed out that the gilded brooch was very likely from a grave and that his studies indicated that the Anglo-Saxons used these ancient barrows for their dead. Again Mr Parfitt replied ‘Not in Kent’. However a report written later by Mr Parfitt appears to give credence to Mr Bradshaw’s thoughts; he wrote that the brooch found by Mr Bradshaw could be derived from a plough damaged grave and that ‘Anglo-Saxon cemeteries, focused on Prehistoric Barrow sites, are becoming increasingly well known’.
From the moment he discovered the mound in November 2001 and against all opposing statements from the archaeologists on site, Mr Bradshaw continued to insist that this was an Anglo-Saxon Burial Site. Finally in the summer of 2004 he was vindicated when Anglo-Saxon burials were found on the south side of the barrow. This discovery overturned the earlier hypothesis that a single sunken hut indicted that the Saxons had chosen the spot for habitation.
Much controversy has reigned over the location of the find of the Gold Cup. Mr Bradshaw had paced measured from a nearby electricity pole. However, it appears that this did not suit the theories of the local archaeologists and no first hand account from Mr Bradshaw was sought for the publication The Ringlemere Cup edited by S Needham, K Parfitt & G Varnell, British Museum Oct 10 2006. On reviewing the book John Barrett, professor of archaeology at the University of Sheffield found it strange that it lacked a first hand account by the finder.
The cup was number 10 in the list of British archaeological finds selected by experts at the British Museum for the 2003 BBC Television documentary "Our Top Ten Treasures" which included an interview with Bradshaw.
From 14 May 2004 until 13 January 2006 the cup appeared in the Museum's "Buried Treasure" exhibition on treasure trove, both at the Museum itself and touring (to the National Museum & Gallery of Wales at Cardiff, Manchester Museum, the Hancock Museum at Newcastle, and the Norwich Castle Museum & Art Gallery). On its return to London, it was on temporary display in Room 2 of the British Museum, with the Rillaton cup, until 17 October 2006. From 17 October to 26 February 2007 it was on temporary display in Dover Museum, closer to its find-spot, and it is now back in the Prehistory galleries at the British Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5866243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866243" title="Carolyn Sherwin Bailey">
Carolyn Sherwin Bailey

Carolyn Sherwin Bailey (October 25, 1875 – December 23, 1961) was an American children's author. She was born in Hoosick Falls, New York and attended Teachers College, Columbia University, from which she graduated in 1896. She contributed to the "Ladies' Home Journal" and other magazines. She published volumes of stories for children like methods of story telling, teaching children and other related subjects, which include "Boys and Girls of Colonial Days" (1917); "Broad Stripes and Bright Stars" (1919); "Hero Stories" (1919); and "The Little Rabbit Who Wanted Red Wings" (1945). She wrote "For the Children's Hour" (1906) in collaboration. In 1947, her book "Miss Hickory" won the Newbery Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5866244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866244" title="Australian Tree Fern">
Australian Tree Fern

Australian Tree Fern can refer to any species of tree fern native to Australia, most commonly referring to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866273" title="German submarine U-75 (1940)">
German submarine U-75 (1940)

German submarine "U-75" was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. "U-75" was moderately successful in her early career in the Battle of the Atlantic, but in autumn 1941 she was dispatched to the Mediterranean Sea with poor results, leading to the eventual destruction of the boat and her crew.
She was laid down on 15 December 1939 at the Bremer Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft (yard), in Bremen as "Werk" 3, launched on 18 October 1940 and commissioned on 19 December under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" ("Kptlt.") Helmuth Ringelmann.
"U-75" carried out training with the 7th U-boat Flotilla in December 1941 until March 1941. She then became operational with the same organization until October. After that, she was reassigned to the 23rd flotilla.
War patrols.
1st patrol.
Ringelmann was a good sea officer, who made an impact within three weeks of the boat's initial patrol starting, when on 29 April the submarine torpedoed and sank the 10,000 ton liner in the Central North Atlantic Ocean, killing fifteen sailors and one passenger.
2nd and 3rd patrols.
This success was followed on her second foray with another victim, this time a Dutch freighter, the "Elbergen", which went down about north of the Azores. As the Germans watched her demise, the U-boat was illuminated by a searchlight which was hurriedly extinguished by fire from the boat's AA gun.
On her third patrol "U-75" sank two British cargo ships - the "Harlingen" and the "Cape Rodney" both west of Ireland on 5 August 1941. The latter ship was taken in tow after being hit, but foundered west of Ushant on the 9th. These operations were conducted from the new submarine base at Saint-Nazaire in France, which provided type VII boats like "U-75" with a greater patrol range and cruising ability, thus conferring an essential advantage.
4th patrol.
The boat's fourth patrol was more unusual, requiring her to slip unnoticed through the heavily defended Strait of Gibraltar and into the Mediterranean to attack allied shipping operating from Gibraltar, Malta and Egypt. She was accompanied in this task by , , , and , which together formed the 'Goeben' group, (so-named for the German battleship of the same name which had operated in the Mediterranean in 1914). For these operations, "U-75"s home base was now Salamis in Greece, where she arrived on 2 November. On the journey there, the boat had taken a successful detour along the Libyan coast to see if she could catch any British resupply convoys. On 12 October she had seen just such a convoy and managed to sink two landing craft with gunfire before she escaped.
5th patrol and loss.
Her final patrol was from 22 December 1941, and consisted of a similar sweep along the Libyan coast. On 28 December, six days since leaving Salamis, a small coastal convoy was spotted off Mersa Matruh, "U-75" launched an attack which sank the small British freighter . The convoy's escorts had spotted the U-boat however, and ran the submarine down and dropped depth charges on the boat. The explosions forced "U-75" to the surface, where 30 of her crew were rescued and taken prisoner by her erstwhile opponent before the boat heeled over and sank, taking 15 men with her, including her only captain.

</doc>
<doc id="5866288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866288" title="Lónya">
Lónya

Lónya is a tiny, old village in County of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg, Hungary. It is located close to the village of Batiovo in neighboring Ukraine.
History.
On the basis of the historical researches the village was existed when the Magyars in Hungary in the 10th century was settled. First time the name of "Luna" had been mentioned in a noble benefaction letter in 1270.
In the 13th century the village had been possessed by Bánk Peer. After he had assassinated Queen Gertud, his tenure had been seized by King Endre II. The King endowed the village to the Berenczeis in 1285. The descendants of the Berenczei had used the family name ”Lónyay” after this donation. In this time the village divided into two part: Kislónya (Small-Lónya) and Nagylónya (Great-Lonya). The Romanesque church was built in the 13th century. In the year of 1567 the Mongolians had been burglarized the village. The Lónyays confess to the Reformed Church (Calvinist) in the early time, in the middle of the 16th. Kis and Nagylónya were united as Lónya in 1934. The village used to lie closer to the river, but the inhabitants had to move further up, to the current position, because of frequent floods. Although the village was rebuilt, there are still a few special barns left. Today, most of the 900 inhabitants live by the main street and produce mainly wheat, corn, sunflower seeds, apples and plums.
Sights.
Romanesque church (13th century)
Wooden bell-tower (18th century)
Lónyay's Crypt (end of the 19th century)
Park of the former Lónyay Castle 
A 6.3 hectare castle park surrounded the Lónyay castle, and although the castle was destroyed in a fire in 1965, the walk in the famous and unique horse chestnut tree rows still exist. There are also five pyramid oaks, each about 26 metres high and 120 years old, as well as some maple trees which also must be about 100 years old. The richness of nature is also proved by a healthy elm tree in the Long-pasture, which is 25 metres high, and 3 metres in circumference. 
Forest of Lónya
The Lónya forest is part of the Szatmár-Bereg Nature Reservation District. The forest by the border is scattered with beautiful hornbeam and oak trees, as well as ash and elm trees. On the southern edge is the so-called Mélyéger alder moor. In the north it is bordered by the country border and the Csaronda stream. The older species of the oak, ash, and elm trees in the 407 hectare grove are about 70–80 years old, but even the younger ones are older than 50 years. The grove is so isolated that red deer are only found here in the Bereg forests; there are about 50 of them, and some have capital antlers. Wild boars and roes, as well as black storks and wild cats can often be seen here. There are also vipers living here, so it is recommended to wear rubber boots when walking in the forest. Outside Lónya a hunting lodge is waiting for the hunters.

</doc>
<doc id="5866300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866300" title="Great Migrations (Greyhawk)">
Great Migrations (Greyhawk)

In the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, the Great Migrations is a general term applying to the migration of great hordes of Oeridians and Suel humans into the Flanaess from western Oerik. The impetus for the migrations was political tension related to the conflict that erupted into the great Baklunish-Suloise Wars that ended in the Twin Cataclysms. The passage of these thousands of refugees displaced and destroyed much of the local Flan culture and shaped the modern Flanaess.
History.
In -457 CY, the Oeridian tribes migrated east of the region now called Ull, pushed north and eastward by vast savage humanoid hordes employed as mercenaries by the Suel and Baklunish. Suel peoples fleeing the increasingly erratic empire moved northward through the Kendeen (Harsh) Pass of the southern Crystalmists (now the Hellfurnaces) and spread out in all directions, coming into open conflict with the native Flan of the eastern lands and with the migrating Oeridians. In most cases the warlike Oeridians defeated Suel and Flan alike, pushing them to the peripheries and darkened wild places of the Flanaess.
A large number of savage humanoids followed in the wake of the migrating hordes, infecting the Flanaess with a brutal violence it had previously been spared.
Open hostilities between migrating factions persisted for two centuries, with notable pockets of Suel/Oeridian cooperation in places like the Sheldomar Valley. Four of the mightiest Suel clans pushed into the Thillonrian Peninsula, where they remained isolated for hundreds of years. Most Suel were pushed to the extreme southern reaches such as the Tilvanot Peninsula, the Amedio Jungle, the Duxchan Islands, and Hepmonaland. Oeridians usually mastered conflicts with the Suel due to their friendship with the native elves, gnomes, dwarves, and halflings of the Flanaess, to say nothing of the Flan themselves.
The strongest Oeridian tribe, the Aerdi, settled the land east of the Lake of Unknown Depths and founded the kingdom of Aerdy, which eventually became the Great Kingdom. The formation of Aerdy is generally considered the end of the Great Migrations period.
Migrations era tribes, houses, and political entities.
The following political entities were extant in the era of the Great Migrations.

</doc>
<doc id="5866302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866302" title="SCE London Studio">
SCE London Studio

London Studio is an in-house Sony Computer Entertainment developer located in London. Established in 1993, London Studio is Sony Computer Entertainment Europe’s largest internal development studio, with staff working in a purpose designed 7-storey building located in London's Soho district. The development group includes the R&D group responsible for EyeToy, and various other research and development groups dedicated to the production of PlayStation games and development tools across all of SCE's gaming platforms. SCE London Studio operates as part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios.
The current studio was formed in 2002 by the merger of the Psygnosis Camden Studio and Team Soho.

</doc>
<doc id="5866304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866304" title="Rio Grande Council of Governments">
Rio Grande Council of Governments

The Rio Grande Council of Governments (RGCOG) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in West Texas and Doña Ana County, New Mexico
Based in El Paso, the Rio Grande Council of Governments is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="5866305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866305" title="Welda">
Welda

Welda is a village and constituent community "(stadtteil)" of the town of Warburg, in the district of Höxter in the east of the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Welda has historically been known by the names of Wellede, Welde and Kerkwellede.
Welda has an area of 9.22 km² and a population of 863.
Geography.
The village of Welda is the southernmost point of Kreis Höxter (within the administrative region of Detmold) near North Rhine-Westphalia's border with the Waldeck-Frankenberg district of the federal state of Hessen. It lies between the towns of Warburg and Volkmarsen on a line between the cities of Paderborn (40 km) and Kassel (35 km). It adjoins the Warburg communities of Calenberg, Germete and Wormeln.
Welda lies in the valley of the river Twiste which runs north into the river Diemel.
History.
The land around Welda, once a border village between Westphalia, Waldeck and Hesse, has yielded forth archaeological evidence of a Celtic presence. 
In 1856 Welda was visited by Crown Prince Friedrich Wilhelm, who went on to become the "Ninety-Nine-Day Emperor", Kaiser Friedrich III. He presented the church with a Communion chalice. 
In World War II Welda was liberated by U.S. forces in April 1945. In the fields east of the railway station there was an American internment camp holding up to 80,000 German prisoners of war.
Welda was in the British zone of occupation from 1945, then from 1949, following the political division of occupied Germany, Welda became part of the Federal Republic of West Germany until German reunification in 1990.
Transport.
In 1890, a section of the railway line from Warburg to Bad Arolsen opened with a station in the village. The railway line was closed in 1982 and converted in 1989 into a bicycle lane (R 51), part of an inter-regional cycle network. The station building was sold and is now used as a private residence.
Welda's nearest links to the national rail network are located in Warburg and Volkmarsen.
The autobahn A44 (E331) from Dortmund to Kassel runs to the north-west of Welda.
The closest regional airports are KSF Kassel-Calden (27 km) and PAD Paderborn-Lippstadt (46 km).

</doc>
<doc id="5866316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866316" title="2004 Minnesota Twins season">
2004 Minnesota Twins season

The 2004 Minnesota Twins met their goal of three-peating as American League Central Division champions. The team was able to do this in spite of several new players and the absence of three former all-stars. Closer Eddie Guardado, set-up man LaTroy Hawkins, starter Eric Milton, and catcher A. J. Pierzynski had all been dealt prior to the beginning of the season, while first baseman Doug Mientkiewicz was traded midway through the season. The season had both highs – such as Johan Santana winning the Cy Young Award – and lows, such as highly anticipated rookie catcher Joe Mauer injuring his knee and playing for only 35 games. Unfortunately, for the second year in a row, the team was not able to carry its regular season success into the postseason. The New York Yankees eliminated the Twins for the second year in a row in four games in the 2004 American League Division Series.
Regular season.
Offense.
For a playoff team, the offense was not strong. This was partly due to injuries and starters absent from the lineup. Lew Ford surprised many by batting .299 in his first full year in the major leagues. Free agent acquisition José Offerman saw a majority of time in the designated hitter spot, but hit only .256 with two home runs. Shannon Stewart did hit .304, but injuries limited him to 378 at bats. In 107 at bats, Mauer was able to hit .307. In his absence, catcher Henry Blanco hit only .206. First baseman Doug Mientkiewicz's hitting continued to decline, as hit .246 with five home runs before being dealt to the Boston Red Sox.
Pitching.
Brad Radke was the opening day starter, but he was soon overshadowed by Johan Santana's Cy Young year. Radke, Santana, and Carlos Silva anchored the starting rotation. Unfortunately, Kyle Lohse had a bad year that saw his ERA balloon to 5.34, while the fifth spot in the rotation was nebulous. (41-year-old Terry Mulholland made 15 starts, while Seth Greisinger made nine.)
In the bullpen, Joe Nathan blew everyone away during his first year as a closer at any level, earning 44 saves with a 1.62 ERA. Juan Rincón and J.C. Romero continued playing as excellent set-up men, while the rest of the bullpen was weaker.
Defense.
Blanco and Mauer (when he played) were solid catchers, both with .991 fielding percentages. Mientkiewicz was a one-time Gold Glove winner, but his successor Justin Morneau surprised people with his .995 average. Luis Rivas was dependable at second base, while Cristian Guzmán could turn exceptional plays at shortstop. (It was the routine ones that fooled him.) Corey Koskie was defensively average, while the outfield quartet of Hunter, Jacque Jones, Shannon Stewart and Ford were solid – especially Hunter, who won a Gold Glove.
Post Season.
The Twins entered and exited the postseason almost exactly the same as the previous season, losing to the Yankees, 3 games to 1. The Yankees would go on to be upset by the Boston Red Sox on their way to breaking the curse.
See 2004 American League Division Series.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"

</doc>
<doc id="5866331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866331" title="Rajarshi Shahu College, Latur">
Rajarshi Shahu College, Latur

Rajarshi Shahu College, Latur (R.S.M.L.) is a higher secondary education institution in the Latur district of south-eastern Maharashtra, India. The college was a pioneer in the development of the "Latur Pattern", which has been adopted and implemented by many other colleges across the state.
The college was established in 1970 by the Shiv Chhatrapati Shikshan Sanstha (Shiv Chhatrapati Educational Institution), Latur. The college has consistently produced Maharashtra State level toppers in the Higher Secondary School Certificate Examination (10+2) of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, Pune and in the Common Entrance Test for four-year bachelor's degree courses in Medical and Engineering fields. The college is also famous for the Chartered Accountant's examination preparation. Students who are willing to be Chartered Accountants, do their higher secondary education and a three year bachelor's degree in Commerce stream (B. Com.) and then take the Chartered Accountant's course. There is a large contribution of this college in creating and popularizing the "Latur Pattern". Mr. Anirudh Jadhav has major contributions in creating the Latur Pattern and making it widely known throughout India.
The college has more than four thousand students (including Junior College) on the roll. The total staff includes 77 teachers in the Senior college, 78 non-teaching staff and 63 teachers in the Junior college (Class 11 and 12). The college mainly conducts preparatory courses for the following competitive entrance examinations: MHT-CET, AIEEE (All India Engineering Entrance Examination), MPSC (Maharashtra Public Service Commission), MBA (Master of Business Administration) and MS-CIT (Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology). There are 21 Departments including 7 Post Graduate Departments. College has Russian language, Additional English (Second Language), Sanskrit, Pali and Functional English (a vocational Subject), M.Phil (Geography) and the teachers of Marathi, Pali, Geography, Economics, Sociology, Chemistry, Zoology & Fishery Science and Physics are guiding Ph.D. aspirants. The college introduced computer courses in 1998 on non-grant basis. The college is thus catering to the needs of higher secondary and higher education in this region.
Awards and accolades.
The college is affiliated to Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada University, Nanded and has achieved an A grade with 89.25% and CPE status from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), India. The college was awarded the Best Educational Institution Award at the hands of Dr. P.C. Alexander, Governor Of Maharashtra.
In 2013 College Become Autonomous.Educational Batch of year 2013-14 is the First Batch of Degree College as Autonomous Grade.
External links.
College website Rajarshi Shahu Mahavidyala, Latur

</doc>
<doc id="5866354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866354" title="Jack Napier">
Jack Napier

Jack Napier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866356" title="Cyril Offord">
Cyril Offord

Albert Cyril Offord FRS (June 9, 1906 – June 4, 2000) was a British mathematician. He received two Ph.D.s in mathematics: from the University of London in 1932, and from Oxford in 1936.
He was the first professor of mathematics at the London School of Economics.
His Erdős number is 1.

</doc>
<doc id="5866366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866366" title="Bethen">
Bethen

Bethen is a small town on the edge of the German city Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony. It is a Marian shrine, as such first mentioned in 1448.

</doc>
<doc id="5866368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866368" title="West Acre">
West Acre

West Acre is a village in the King's Lynn and West Norfolk district of the county of Norfolk, England.
The village is on the Nar Valley Way pathway.
Billiards Club.
Recently the village has found renown both in Norfolk and Great Britain as a whole as the home of West Acre Billiards Club, which is a small centre for the coaching and development of English Billiards and Snooker, with a membership of around 25.
The club has in the past 15 years seen the following members reach national finals:
Coaching Clinic.
For the last 15 years free coaching has been given on Monday afternoons at West Acre Billiards Club.
All newcomers to Cuesports are welcome to attend.
During this time over 150 players between the ages of 7-18 years have been coached.
About one third of this number have been residents of West Acre.
In March of this year Head Coach Phill Welham became an I.B.S.F official Coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5866373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866373" title="It Records">
It Records

it Records was a pop record label of the late 1990s and early 2000s that was an offshoot of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Really Useful Group. Acts included My Life Story, who released singles such as “It’s a Girl Thing” whilst being signed to the label, Icebreaker International, Mark Cummins aka Saint Mark and Birdie.

</doc>
<doc id="5866378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866378" title="Houston-Galveston Area Council">
Houston-Galveston Area Council

The Houston-Galveston Area Council (H-GAC) is the region-wide voluntary association of local governments in the 13-county Gulf Coast Planning Region of Texas. The organization works with local government officials to solve problems across the area. H-GAC was founded in 1966.
The organization.
Based in Houston, the Houston-Galveston Area Council is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils. Its service area is 12,500 square miles and contains more than 6 million people in Southeast Texas. H-GAC is the regional organization through which local governments consider issues and cooperate in solving area-wide problems. Through H-GAC, local governments also initiate efforts in anticipating and preventing problems.
H-GAC provides planning programs in most areas of shared governmental concern. All H-GAC programs are carried out under the policy direction of H-GAC’s local elected official Board of Directors. H-GAC is made up of the region's local governments and their elected officials. The organization works with public and private sector organizations and a host of volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="5866392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866392" title="Strand Cinema">
Strand Cinema

The Strand Cinema is an independent four-screen cinema in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is one of the two remaining independent cinemas in Belfast, alongside the Queen's Film Theatre. It is located on the Holywood Road. It has long been acclaimed for being one of the cheapest cinemas in Belfast.
Opened in 1935, the cinema's design was influenced by its proximity to the nearby shipyard of Harland & Wolff, featuring curved walls and portholed foyer. The cinema underwent various unsympathetic renovations throughout the 1960s and 1970s. In 1999, the building was restored to its original Streamline Moderne style, and remains a landmark in east Belfast.
The Strand is one of the venues for the Belfast Film Festival, during which it screens classic films. During the 2005 festival the cinema celebrated its 70th birthday by screening "A Night to Remember", the 1958 film about the sinking of RMS "Titanic", built by Harland & Wolff.
In 2012, The Strand will once again offer live theatre as it did in the past, beginning with The Strand Star search, a talent show to find new acts for its new variety nights.

</doc>
<doc id="5866410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866410" title="Myers Park">
Myers Park

Myers Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866416" title="Mečislovas Reinys">
Mečislovas Reinys

Mečislovas Reinys (1884 – 1953) was the Lithuanian Roman Catholic bishop, a professor at Vytautas Magnus University, a Lithuanian Minister of Foreign Affairs, and a social activist who publicly condemned racism and national hatred. Mečislovas Reinys was imprisoned by the Soviets after refusing to collaborate with the KGB and sent to Vladimir Prison, where he died in 1953.
Mečislovas Reinys was born on a farm in the Zarasai region on February 5, 1884. In 1900 he graduated with honors from a gymnasium in Riga. From 1901 to 1905 he studied in the Vilnius divinity school; two years afterwards he was ordained as a priest. Reinys continued his studies in Russia and Germany, receiving a master's degree in 1909 from the Saint Petersburg Roman Catholic Theological Academy. He successfully defended his doctoral thesis in Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in 1912. With his fellow students he worked at organizing a Lithuanian students' league. 
After returning to Lithuania, Reinys became a vicar in Vilnius in 1914. Between 1916 and 1922 he lectured at Vilnius University; between 1922 and 1924 he lectured at the Kaunas Priest Seminary. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during 1925 and 1926, and was then consecrated as a bishop.
Mečislovas Reinys was arrested by Soviet authorities on June 12, 1947; he was accused of anti-Soviet activities, and investigated for six months in the Vilnius KGB office. He was sentenced to eight years in jail and sent to Vladimir prison, where he died on November 8, 1953. 
In the 1990s a committee was formed to establish the grounds for canonisation of Reinys along with Teofilius Matulionis and Vincentas Borisevičius. Pope John Paul II mentioned these three in a 1993 speech at the Hill of Crosses. A diary of Reiny's expenditures during the 1920s is part of the case; it documents his donations to 48 different societies, foundations, unions, museums, newspapers, hospitals, nursing homes, schools, and parishes, in addition to his support of his family. Documents in the Lithuanian Special Archives reveal the course of his interrogation; many of his relatives had been deported to Siberian labor camps, and the KGB offered to release them in exchange for his cooperation. Reinys refused. 
Mečislovas Reinys published works in the fields of psychology, pedagogy, theology, and ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="5866421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866421" title="Phachi River">
Phachi River

The Phachi River (, , ) is a river in western Thailand. It originates in the Tenasserim Hills in Ban Kha district and passes Suan Phueng and Chom Bueng districts, Ratchaburi Province. The river tributes to the River Kwai in Mueang Kanchanaburi district, Kanchanaburi Province.

</doc>
<doc id="5866442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866442" title="Kazys Almenas">
Kazys Almenas

Kazys Almenas (b. 11 April 1935, Gruzdžiai, Šiauliai County, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian physicist, writer, essayist, and publisher.
Biography.
Kazys Almenas attended the University of Nebraska and Northwestern University. Between 1965 and 1967, he studied at the University of Warsaw and received a doctorate in physics. Almenas was teaching at the University of Maryland. 
Almenas currently lives in Lithuania and often publishes his essays in the Lithuanian press. Kazys Almenas is the founder of Fund Supporting Royal Palace (Valdovų rūmų paramos fondas) - a fund which helps financing a replica of a mediaeval Lithuanian Royal Palace in Vilnius.
Literary works.
Almenas wrote the novels "Upė į Rytus, upė į Šiaurę" (1964), "Šienapjūtė" (1970), "Sauja skatikų" (1977), and "Lietingos dienos Palangoje" (1988) and the collections of short stories "Bėgiai" (1965) and "Gyvenimas tai kekė vyšnių" (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="5866451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866451" title="Permian Basin Regional Planning Commission">
Permian Basin Regional Planning Commission

The Permian Basin Regional Planning Commission (PBRPC) is a voluntary association of cities, counties and special districts in the Permian Basin region of West Texas.
Based in Midland, the Permian Basin Regional Planning Commission is a member of the Texas Association of Regional Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="5866454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866454" title="Breast binding">
Breast binding

Breast binding is the material used in, or the act of flattening breasts by the use of constrictive materials. Common binding materials include cloth strips, elastic or non-elastic bandage, use of purpose-built undergarments (often using Spandex or other synthetic fibre) or simple layering of shirts, from tight to loose.
History.
Different time periods of history have had differing viewpoints on the female form, including widespread use of corsets throughout western European history up to the Victorian era. The Japanese kimono can be considered a very elaborate form of binding, although the "obi" (belt) goes around the lower torso, the chest is bound by the sarashi. In addition, many Catholic nuns up until the 1930s were required to wear a linen breast binding under their garments in addition to their everyday vestments. Clergy claimed that this measure was designed to eliminate any potential distraction that the nuns' breasts might cause. In many ecclesiastical specialty shops, it is still possible to purchase antique linen breast bindings that have been hand-embroidered with crosses. Wearing a minimizer bra is common to help with large breasts.
Motivation.
There are many reasons people would bind their breasts:
Some adolescent girls bind their breasts as they enter puberty. This is done usually for reasons of modesty (they do not want others to see them), embarrassment (they do not want others to know they have started developing), or desire to be as they previously were (they do not want to have breasts yet). This has potential risks, as the developing tissue may conform to the restricted shape, resulting in permanent deformity. Breast binding in adolescent girls may be a symptom of body dysmorphic disorder.
Men may also find cause to bind if afflicted with gynecomastia as a means to control appearance in place of surgery or during the wait before surgery. In a related vein, transgender individuals and intersex people who want to present as male would commonly bind. Transgender women who have developed breasts from hormone replacement therapy or breast augmentation surgery may bind to have continued acceptance as male during transition, for example, at work where co-workers may be unaware of the transition. Transgender men may bind either as an alternative to, or before, having "top surgery" (mastectomy) to help appear male.
Methods.
There are many different methods of binding, but two cheap methods are wearing a sports bra or swimming suit top that is a few sizes too small underneath normal clothes. Two normal sports bras can be worn, with the second one worn backwards. Sports or compression bras can also be used by firmly pushing them against the chest.
Another way to bind is to use layers of clothing, start out with the tightest layer first and then put on looser layers on top of it, masking the presence of breasts.
A less common way of binding is using a specially fitted binding bra, however these can be more expensive and are not widely stocked. There are places to buy binders, and they are a much better alternative to other, more dangerous methods. However, excessive use of a binder can lead to back pain and breathing trouble. A binder should always be the right size and should not be worn for longer than 12 hours.
Complications.
Binding for extended periods of time can lead to rashes or yeast infections under the breasts.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5866455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866455" title="Myers Park, Auckland">
Myers Park, Auckland

Myers Park is a narrow park in central Auckland, New Zealand, running parallel to the upper part of Queen Street. It is characterised by steep, grassed slopes and canopied with a mixture of large exotic and native trees, including an alley of large palm trees. Benches and artwork (including a heritage marble copy of Michelangelo's sitting "Moses" statue) line the paths connecting to Queen Street, K Road, Grey's Avenue and Aotea Square.
History.
Running downhill from the northern slope of the Karangahape ridge, the park was formed in 1914 out of an overgrown gully facing towards the Waitemata Harbour. The gully was the start of the Waihorotiu Stream, also known as the 'Queen Street River'. The stream was temporarily used as an open sewer, but it is now completely underground.
During his time as mayor, Christopher Parr established many of Auckland's parks, such as Victoria Park, Point Erin Park, Parnell Park (now Dove-Myer Robinson Park), and much land in the Waitakere Ranges. It was during this spate of development that Myers Park was founded. In 1913, the area of the gully was described as consisting of "slum shanties and rubbish tips", creating the popular impression that this was an example of slum clearance. In actual fact the area was actually comparatively empty of buildings, only 14 buildings were standing on eight acres of land and 12 of those were very tiny cottages. The site was ideal simply because there were so few buildings to clear from the site, all of whiich were sold for relocation.
In 1913 a former mayor of Auckland Arthur Mielzinier Myers gave the City £9,000 to purchase the land. Myer was responsible for a number of improvements during his time as mayor including Grafton Bridge and the Auckland Town Hall. He decided to move on from local politics to central government and was the Member of Parliament for Auckland at the time the park was proposed as part of Mayor Parr's City Beautication scheme.
Following Myer's intentions, the 2.4ha² of the wasteland was transformed into an example of a reform park designed by the City Park Superintendent Thomas Pearson, who had previously been employed by the New Zealand government to create the gardens at Rotorua, Te Aroha, Queenstown and Hamner Springs. The 'reform park' movement was a newly developed concept in the United States where rampant urban growth was raising many concerns and resulting in the systematic provision of safe spaces for children to play and green spaces to relax in.
The park was named for its benefactor Arthur Myers and opened by Mayor Christopher Parr on Tuesday January the 28th 1915.
Following the example of the department store owner John Court who had fitted out Victoria Park with playground equipment in 1912, Arthur Myers paid for the playground equipment and arranged for it to be imported from the US. The centrepiece of the park is the Kindergarten Building, which Myers also paid for in a further donation to the city. Sir John Logan Campbell had paid for a similar facility in Victoria Park.
Myers' brother Leopold (chair of the electric Tram Company) had married an American woman, Martha Washington Shinwald, who had been involved in the kindergarten movement in San Francisco. She and Arthur Myers carefully oversaw the creation of the Kindergarten Building which was designed by the architectural firm of Chilwell & Trevithick. The building was opened by the governor general in January 1916.
Of late, the park has attracted a certain degree of notoriety due to a spate of unsavory incidents. A number of campaigns have begun to raise the profile and safety of the park with the intention that it recaptures its original charm and once again becomes a place for friends, families, and visitors to enjoy.
Myers Kindergarten Building.
In 1915 Myers also funded the construction of the Myers Free Kindergarten. It is a prominent example of Arts & Crafts architecture in Auckland, and was designed by Chilwell & Trevithick. The kindergarten was intended as a philanthropic gift to benefit the mostly poor families of the area. The building still holds a kindergarten today (KiNZ in the Park) and is, together with parts of the park itself, on the register of the Historic Places Trust.
Other Historical Features.
The park also contains the caretaker's cottage, one of only two Kauri buildings on Queen Street that are more than 100 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5866460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866460" title="Dark Ages (World of Darkness)">
Dark Ages (World of Darkness)

In White Wolf Publishing's World of Darkness campaign setting, the Dark Ages refers to the shared setting of a number of games, set in a fictionalised version of the real Dark Ages.
Dark Ages: Werewolf.
"Dark Ages: Werewolf" was published in 2003 with the original Game concept credited to Mark Rein·Hagen
Dark Ages: Mage.
"Dark Ages: Mage" book acts as both a precursor to , and a supplement for using mages in . It is a wildly different system from the modern counterpart as Paradox has not quite taken hold. Because the consensus of reality is less powerful, magic itself is more bold. Rather than magic commonly being explained away by coincidence, it is often obviously the working of some powerful being.
Dark Ages: Inquisitor.
"Dark Ages: Inquisitor" is a supplement for playing inquisitors in . Though officially a supplement, it can be played as a standalone game by letting the Players play as a member of the 'Shadow Inquisition' consisting of various monastic and lay factions, such as the Red Brethren or the House of Murnau. As a crossover/supplement with Dark Ages:Vampire it should be used with care, for the very high power level of the Inquisitors that enables a troupe of medium-skilled Inquisitors to mop up whole legions of Vampires. The Powerlevel is much higher than that of the somewhat related . The Game System is however very similar to Hunter, enabling the players to exchange Conviction to buy powers called 'Blessings'.
Many players and storytellers use this book as a guide to create non-player characters to represent members of the Society of Leopold in the Modern Nights era of the World of Darkness. The Society of Leopold is, after all, the Modern Nights version of the warrior orders of the Dark Ages Inquisition. The end result is to create very dangerous antagonists that threaten players.

</doc>
<doc id="5866485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866485" title="1st The Royal Dragoons">
1st The Royal Dragoons

The Royal Dragoons (1st Dragoons) was a mounted infantry regiment of the British Army. The regiment was formed in 1661, and served until 1969, when it was amalgamated with the Royal Horse Guards to form The Blues and Royals.
History.
The regiment was first raised as a single troop of veterans of the Parliamentary Army in 1661, shortly thereafter expanded to four troops as the Tangier Horse, taking the name from their service in Tangier. They were ranked as the 1st Dragoons, the oldest cavalry regiment of the line, in 1674; on their return to England in 1683 the three troops were joined with three newly raised troops and titled The King's Own Royal Regiment of Dragoons, named for Charles II. In 1690 they were renamed as simply The Royal Regiment of Dragoons, and formally titled in 1751 as the 1st (Royal) Regiment of Dragoons. The title was simplified in 1877 to the 1st (Royal) Dragoons. After service in the First World War, the regiment retitled as the 1st The Royal Dragoons in 1921.
The regiment mechanised shortly after the outbreak of the Second World War and was transferred to the Royal Armoured Corps in 1940. The regiment survived the immediate post-war reduction in forces, and was retitled as The Royal Dragoons (1st Dragoons) in 1961, but this name was short-lived; it was amalgamated with the Royal Horse Guards (The Blues), to form The Blues and Royals in 1969.
Colonels —with other names for the regiment.
On 1 July 1751 a royal warrant provided that in future regiments would not be known by their colonels' names, but by their "number or rank".

</doc>
<doc id="5866496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866496" title="Cothon">
Cothon

A cothon (Greek: κώθων, "drinking vessel") is an artificial, protected inner harbor such as that in Carthage during the Punic Wars c.200 BC.
Cothons were generally found in the Phoenician world. Other examples include Motya, (Sicily) from the 6th century BC, which performed an uncertain purpose, (measuring 35 metres x 51 metres), although it has been suggested this cothon might even have been closable and drainable to form a dry dock, Mahdia, (Tunisia) from the 7th century BC, (which measured 72 metres x 56 metres) and one from Kition in Cyprus.
The Harbors of Carthage.
The cothon at Carthage was divided into a rectangular merchant harbor followed by an inner protected harbor reserved for military use only. This inner harbor was circular and surrounded by an outer ring of structures divided into a series of docking bays for ship maintenance, along with an island structure at its centre that also housed navy ships. Each individual docking bay featured a raised slipway. Above the raised docking bays was a second level consisting of warehouses where oars and rigging were kept along with supplies such as wood and canvas. On the island structure there existed a raised 'cabin' where the admiral in command could observe the whole harbor along with the surrounding sea. Altogether the inner docking complex could house up to 220 ships. The entire harbor was protected by an outer wall and the main entrance could be closed off with iron chains.

</doc>
<doc id="5866498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866498" title="The Four Seasons of Life">
The Four Seasons of Life

The Four Seasons of Life is the debut solo album released by former Helloween guitarist Roland Grapow. The album is unique compared to its successor, Kaleidoscope due to the fact that Roland sings lead vocals on all tracks.
"I Remember" was released as the single.
Track listing.
All songs written by Roland Grapow except where noted
Asian version (Victor Records VICP-60031) adds the following

</doc>
<doc id="5866503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866503" title="Ruyton Girls' School">
Ruyton Girls' School

Ruyton Girls' School (commonly referred to simply as Ruyton), is a non-denominational, independent, day school for girls, located in Selbourne Road, Kew, an inner-eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. 
Ruyton was established in 1878 by its first principal, Charlotte Anderson. Its motto is "Recte et Fideliter" meaning "Upright and Faithful", which is also the name of the school song. Ruyton caters for approximately 750 students from three-year-old Kindergarten and Pre-Prep, to Year 12, with boys being enrolled in Kindergarten and Pre-Prep.
Ruyton Girls’ School is consistently placed in the top 10 academic performing schools in Melbourne. In 2012 there were ten perfect scores and 12% achieved an ATAR over 99. In 2011, four girls received the Premier’s Award, and another was one of only 500 students nationwide to be recognised with an Australian Student Award. 
In 2008, Ruyton was ranked 2nd in the state of Victoria, based on its VCE results, with 40% of study scores over 40. 
The school is affiliated with the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA), the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia (AGSA), the Association of Independent Schools of Victoria (AISV), and is a founding member of Girls Sport Victoria (GSV).
Curriculum.
Ruyton offers students the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE) program, as well as the Vocational Education and Training (VET) course.
Co-curriculum.
The school also offers co-curricular activities such as sport, music, drama and debating. Ruyton is involved regularly in intra- and inter-school activities, competitions and events, including the Debaters Association Victoria (DAV) debating programme, Girls Sport Victoria (GSV) sporting carnivals, the Tournament of Minds (TOM) cross-curricular competition, the Alliance française French speaking, reading and writing competitions, the Boroondara Literary Award, an extensive range of academic competitions and honours and the Duke of Edinburgh Award.
Ruyton also hosts the inter-school Performing Arts House Festival (PAHF), the Alan Patterson Prize for Public Speaking and the Isobelle Carmody Award for Literature.
External programmes.
In Years 11 and 12, students of Ruyton may study their chosen courses with students from the nearby boys’ school Trinity Grammar. These classes are shared between Ruyton and Trinity. The two schools also collaborate in the annual Trinity-Ruyton musical. Ruyton also performs plays with the Scotch College, Melbourne.
Another of Ruyton's features is its International Programme, providing international opportunities and student exchange visits through the Sister School Network, a regime created in 1989, that has expanded over the years to include 16 schools throughout Canada, Taiwan, China, New Zealand, United States of America, United Kingdom, France and South Africa.
An Expanding Horizons Programme is run for each year level from Year Three to Year Eleven. The programme consists of an educational and challenging camp, which visits various parts of Australia, depending on the year level. Camps such as ski camp, surf camp, a political journey to Australia's capital Canberra and a two-week camping tour of Australia's Northern Territory are included in the programme.
Exchange.
Exchange runs from Year's 10 and 11 for girls who want to go overseas and visit sister schools or the schools around the area of the continent the girls visit. Sometimes girls from other schools around the world have a couple of girls come and visit Ruyton on their exchange. Girls from years three to 11 all have one camp a year, although some have two as they have a music camp.
House system.
As with most Australian schools, Ruyton utilises a house system. Girls from Year prep to Year 12 are divided into four houses, each named after a former Principal of Ruyton - Anderson (Red), Bromby (Navy), Daniell (Sky Blue), and Lascelles (White). 
The houses are primarily sporting houses, competing annually in athletics, swimming and cross-country carnivals. They are also involved in inter-house debating and performing arts (PAHF) festivals.
Associated schools.
Ruyton's brother school is Trinity Grammar in Kew. At VCE level, they conduct co-educational classes. Girls also may go to Trinity for classes, and vice versa. From years 9-12 students from both schools are able to take part in the Senior Musical (such as 2008's Oliver! and 2010's Thoroughly Modern Millie). Middle School Plays are also done in conjunction with Scotch College.
Alumni.
Alumni of Ruyton Girls' School are known as Old Girls or Old Ruytonians, and may elect to join the school's alumni association, the Old Ruytonians' Association (ORA). The Association was founded in 1908, as a way of keeping former students in contact with each other and the School, through social and sporting activities. The current membership of the ORA exceeds 1,300.

</doc>
<doc id="5866525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866525" title="Bobby Evans">
Bobby Evans

Robert "Bobby" Evans (16 July 1927 – 1 September 2001) was a Scottish football player and manager, most notable for his time with Celtic.
Bobby began playing football for Glasgow Junior side Pollok FC. He then joined Celtic during 1944 from other Glasgow junior side St.Anthony's. He started out his Celtic career as a forward, but it wasn't until manager Jimmy McGrory moved him back to "right-half" that Evans became a Celtic great. Unmistakable with his ginger hair, he was probably the first to wear his shirt out of his shorts, his trademark. His stamina, determination and sheer will-to-win were regarded by many as exceptional.
Celtic's long-awaited Scottish Cup victory of 1951 and the historic Saint Mungo Cup win of the same summer gave Evans his first taste of major success. He then went on to give the sustained performance of a lifetime throughout the unexpectedly triumphant Coronation Cup run two years later. In the final, Evans was regarded by many as simply sublime, as he played the great Lawrie Reilly out of the game and fittingly instigated the move that led to Jimmy Walsh's clinching strike in the 2–0 defeat of favourites Hibernian.
Evans was the first Celtic captain to lift the League Cup in 1956 and he famously helped defend it a year later against Rangers in what will forever be known as "Hampden in the sun". He made 535 appearances for Celtic and scored 10 goals in 16 years with the club. During this time he won 48 caps for Scotland. Evans also won 25 caps for the Scottish League XI, the most of any player.
Evans left Celtic in 1960, heading south to Chelsea, where he played for one season before being appointed player-manager of Newport County. He returned to Scotland in a playing capacity with Greenock Morton in 1962, then joined Third Lanark as a player with coaching duties in 1963. He was promoted to manager in June 1964 but left after a difficult 1964–65 season. He played with Raith Rovers for two further years. He played for them as they won promotion from Division 2 to Division 1 in 1967 before retiring at the end of that year, at the age of 39.
Evans died of pneumonia in 2001, after suffering for several years with Parkinson's disease. In 2008 Evans was inducted to the Scottish Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5866526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866526" title="Mother Tongue Records">
Mother Tongue Records

Mother Tongue Records is an independent record label formed in the early 1990s that featured the 12 piece glam-orchestral Britpop band My Life Story, the label was resurrected in the early 2000s with The Barbs, Nick Oliveri and The Long Weekend amongst its acts. The label continues to release material and is based in Camden, North London.

</doc>
<doc id="5866533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866533" title="David Ricketts">
David Ricketts

David Jeffrey Ricketts (born February 15, 1954 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American musician and record producer.
Ricketts scored hits in the mid-1980s with David Baerwald in their group David + David, notably the track "Welcome to the Boomtown" from their only album "Boomtown".
His failed relationship with singer Toni Childs formed the basis for her critically acclaimed debut album, "Union", which Ricketts co-wrote and produced. 
He collaborated with Sheryl Crow on her debut "Tuesday Night Music Club" and is credited on the songs "Leaving Las Vegas" and "Strong Enough." He also produced and performed on Meredith Brooks' 1997 album, "Blurring The Edges", which contained her hit "Bitch".

</doc>
<doc id="5866539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866539" title="Chom Bueng District">
Chom Bueng District

Chom Bueng () is a district ("Amphoe") of Ratchaburi Province in western Thailand. 
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Dan Makham Tia and Tha Muang of Kanchanaburi Province, and Photharam, Mueang Ratchaburi, Pak Tho, Ban Kha and Suan Phueng.
Several caves are located in the district. Khao Bin cave is regarded as the most beautiful one, having many stalactites and stalagmites and a holy pond. The cave is named after a rock formation which looks like a flying bird. Chomphon cave was renamed by King Chulalongkorn during his visit in the area in 1895, due to a stalactite looking like an epaulette of a field marshal.
History.
In 1895 King Chulalongkorn and Queen Saovabha visited Ratchaburi Province, including the area of the district. The king saw a big beautiful lake there. He then named the area "Big Lake" or "Chom Bueng", and made it to be a minor district ("king amphoe"). 
In 1958 Chom Bueng was upgraded to be Amphoe Chom Bueng.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 88 villages ("muban"). Both Com Bueng and Dan Thap Tako have township status ("thesaban tambon"), each covering parts of the same-named "tambon".

</doc>
<doc id="5866545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866545" title="Staatskapelle">
Staatskapelle

Staatskapelle is a denomination used by several German symphony and theatre orchestras. In the alphabetical order of their hometowns, they are:
The term "Staatskapelle", which literally means "State Band" derivates from the very first principal or royal court orchestras, called "Hofkapelle", most of which were founded in the sixteenth century and later developed into the state orchestras. The term "Staatskapelle" refers to an orchestra with this long tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="5866554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866554" title="Kaleidoscope (Roland Grapow album)">
Kaleidoscope (Roland Grapow album)

Kaleidoscope is the second solo album released by former Helloween guitarist Roland Grapow.
Track listing.
All songs written by Roland Grapow except where noted
Asian version (Victor Records VICP-60679) adds the following

</doc>
<doc id="5866559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866559" title="Visible from Space">
Visible from Space

Visible from Space is an American band based in New York City that was formed in 2002. Its members include lead singer, songwriter, and American Idol Season 4 semi-finalist Judd Harris; guitarist and songwriter Rick Nossa; bassist Jon Price; drummer Paul Amorese; and keyboardist Jon Loyd. Their sound is considered to run a gamut of funk/rock/blues with a heavy New Orleans, Louisiana (Harris' hometown) influence, earning them favorable comparisons to bands such as The Black Keys, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Lenny Kravitz, Maroon 5, Led Zeppelin and The Black Crowes from various critics and reviewers.
The band was featured in the Best of 2005 issue of The Village Voice as well as in Rolling Stone for their debut album "Fly", and two of their songs won coveted "Track of the Year" awards in June 2006 at the respected independent music website GarageBand.com. They have been involved in philanthropic work, opening for Wyclef Jean and other artists at the musical fundraiser "Do You Know What It Means To Miss New Orleans?", which was organized by Harris and hosted by actress Susan Sarandon. The benefit concert, held in October 2005, raised almost $20,000 for victims of Hurricane Katrina, as well as musical instruments for musicians who had lost theirs in the hurricane.
The group had its genesis when guitarist Nossa placed an ad on craigslist for a singer. Harris responded to the ad and auditioned for Nossa by singing an impromptu version of "The Thrill is Gone" by B.B. King in a rented rehearsal space. There were other band names and other members over the years, but eventually the name Visible from Space was chosen, taken from the New Orleans teaching that the Louisiana Superdome sports stadium is indeed visible from outer space (it is not, as Harris discovered once he was past childhood). Visible from Space currently plays at numerous New York City venues and their debut album "Fly" is now available on iTunes and earbuzz.com. Visible From Space has recently announced the creation of a follow up album titled "Dreams", now available on iTunes and CDbaby.
Discography.
"Fly" July 7, 2006<br>
Track Listing
"Dreams" September 16, 2012<br>
Track Listing
Music Videos.
"If You Axe Me" (2012)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ax5zLcxQLA
"Four Letter Word" (2012)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AytxjZmP2sg
"Dreams Promo" (2011)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SILYe2AErks
Television Appearances.
Fox 8 Morning Show WVUE New Orleans (May 1, 2013)
Performed "If You Axe me", "Long Day", "Gallatin Street", "We All Wanna Believe"

</doc>
<doc id="5866564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866564" title="Henry Starnes">
Henry Starnes

Henry Starnes (October 13, 1816 – March 3, 1896) was a Quebec businessman and political figure.
Biography.
He was born in Kingston in Upper Canada in 1816 and studied at the Montreal Academical Institution and the Petit Séminaire de Montréal. He began work with James Leslie's food importing business in Montreal and became a partner in the business in 1849. He then served as director for several banks in Montreal. He served on Montreal's City Council from 1852 to 1853 and from 1855 to 1856 and as Mayor from 1856 to 1858 and 1866 to 1868. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Châteauguay in 1858; he was reelected in 1861. He was named to the Legislative Council of Quebec for Salaberry division in 1867. In 1859, he had become manager for the Montreal branch of the Ontario Bank; in 1871, he helped establish the Metropolitan Bank and became its first president. That bank served as a conduit for transferring contributions from Sir Hugh Allan to George-Étienne Cartier; in exchange, Cartier had promised Allan the contract for the transcontinental railroad. The exposure of this arrangement led to the Pacific Scandal and the fall of John A. Macdonald's Conservative government. The Metropolitan Bank closed in 1876; Starnes' unorthodox financial management was blamed for its collapse. He served as speaker for the legislative council from 1878 to 1882; he served in the provincial executive council as railway commissioner from 1882 to 1884 and commissioner of agriculture and public works in 1887.
He died in Montreal in 1896.
Family.
Hon. Henry Starnes married Eleanor Stuart. The couple had three daughters: Louise, Eleanor and Corinne. Louise Starnes married Captain Mitchell-Innes, 60th Rifles. Eleanor Starnes married the Hon. J. R. D. Tollemache, a son of John Tollemache, 1st Baron Tollemache.
Corinne Starnes married, May 31, 1869, Kenneth Gregg Henderson, Captain H.M.'s 60th Rifles, who had distinguished himself during the Indian Mutiny and in China, and became, successively, Colonel of his regiment, a Major-General, and commandant of the garrison at Alexandria. He was created a C.B., 1887, and died August, 1902.
Louise Amelia Lititia Starnes married, in Montreal, Quebec, October 27, 1870, Alexander Ferdinand Henry Mitchell-Innes, Captain 60th Rifles, fourth son of Alexander Mitchell-Innes, J.P. and D.L. of Ayton Castle, County Berwick, Scotland, and his wife, Charlotte Gordon, daughter of Sir Thomas Dick Lauder, Bart., and has issue two sons and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5866571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866571" title="Narcissus poeticus">
Narcissus poeticus

Narcissus poeticus (Poet's Daffodil, Nargis, Pheasant's Eye, Findern Flower, and Pinkster Lily) was one of the first daffodils to be cultivated, and is frequently identified as the narcissus of ancient times—often associated with the Greek legend of Narcissus. Extremely fragrant, with a ring of petals in pure white and a short corona of light yellow with a distinct reddish edge, Poet's Daffodil grows to tall and is widely naturalized in North America and Europe.
Distribution.
"Narcissus poeticus" is native to central Europe from Spain and France through Switzerland and Austria to Greece and Ukraine. It is naturalized in Great Britain, Belgium, Germany, the Czech Republic, Turkey, New Zealand, British Columbia, Washington State, Oregon, Ontario, Quebec, Newfoundland, and much of the eastern United States from Louisiana and Georgia north to Maine and Wisconsin.
Use in perfume.
Poet's Daffodil is cultivated in the Netherlands and southern France for its essential oil, narcissus oil, one of the most popular fragrances used in perfumes. Narcissus oil is used as a principal ingredient in 11% of modern quality perfumes—including 'Fatale' and 'Samsara'—as a floral concrete or absolute. The oil's fragrance resembles a combination of jasmine and hyacinth.
Legend and history.
The earliest mention of Poet's Daffodil is likely in the botanical writings of Theophrastus (371 – c. 287 BCE), who wrote about a spring-blooming narcissus that the Loeb Classical Library editors identify as "Narcissus poeticus". The poet Virgil, in his fifth "Eclogue", also wrote about a narcissus whose description corresponds with that of "Narcissus poeticus". In one version of the myth about the Greek hero Narcissus, he was punished by the Goddess of vengeance, Nemesis, who turned him into a Narcissus flower that historians associate with "Narcissus poeticus". The fragrant "Narcissus poeticus" has also been recognized as the flower that Persephone and her companions were gathering when Hades abducted her into the Underworld, according to Hellmut Baumann in "The Greek Plant World in Myth, Art, and Literature". This myth accounts for the custom, which has lasted into modern times, of decorating graves with these flowers. Linnaeus, who gave the flower its name, quite possibly did so because he believed it was the one that inspired the tale of Narcissus, handed down by poets since ancient times.
In medicine, it was described by Dioscorides in his "Materia Medica" as "Being laid on with Loliacean meal, & honey it draws out splinters". James Sutherland also mentioned it in his "Hortus Medicus Edinburgensis".
"N. poeticus" has long been cultivated in Europe. According to one legend, it was brought back to England from the crusades by Sir Geoffrey de Fynderne. It was still abundant in 1860 when historian Bernard Burke visited the village of Findern—where it still grows in certain gardens and has become an emblem of the village. It was introduced to America by the late 18th century, when Bernard McMahon of Philadelphia offered it among his narcissus. It may be the "sweet white narcissus" that Peter Collinson sent John Bartram in Philadelphia, only to be told that it was already common in Pennsylvania, having spread from its introduction by early settlers. The plant has naturalized throughout the eastern half of the United States and Canada, along with some western states and provinces.
"Narcissus poeticus" has long been hybridized with the wild British daffodil "Narcissus pseudonarcissus", producing many named hybrids. These older heritage hybrids tend to be more elegant and graceful than modern hybrid daffodils, and are becoming available in the UK once again.
Toxicity.
While all narcissi are poisonous when eaten, Poet's Daffodil is more dangerous than others, acting as a strong emetic and irritant. The scent is powerful enough that it can cause headache and vomiting if a large quantity is kept in a closed room.

</doc>
<doc id="5866578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866578" title="List of hijacking of Indian aeroplanes">
List of hijacking of Indian aeroplanes


</doc>
<doc id="5866581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866581" title="2005 Minnesota Twins season">
2005 Minnesota Twins season

Coming into the year, the 2005 Minnesota Twins were favored to go on and win their division. Unfortunately, a weak offense and injuries (most notably to Torii Hunter) prevented this from coming to fruition. The disappointing finish led manager Ron Gardenhire to reshuffle his coaching staff following the season. The team finished sixteen games behind the World Champion Chicago White Sox. The Twins have never won four straight division titles in their 104-year franchise history.
Regular season.
The Twins got off to an average start. However, the Chicago White Sox had a fantastic start to the season. The Twins tried to stay close in the standings, but their offense just wasn't enough. The Twins (83-79) finished in 3rd place behind the Chicago White Sox and the Cleveland Indians and missed the playoffs for the first time since 2001. The White Sox went on to earn the division title, their first trip to the playoffs since 2000, and their first World Series title since 1917.
Offense.
Joe Mauer led the team with a .294 batting average, Justin Morneau led the team in runs batted in with 79, but Mauer hit only 9 home runs and 55 RBI, while Morneau hit only .239.
These problems were endemic to the team. No starter bat over .300 or hit over 25 home runs; however, Matthew LeCroy managed to hit 17 home runs in part-time duty.
The team’s offensive struggles led to an uncertain lineup, with many defensive positions lacking regular starters. The team experimented by bringing in Seattle Mariners infielder Bret Boone to the fill the void at second base, but he lasted for only 53 at-bats, hitting .170. The weak hitting led to hitting coach Scott Ullger being reassigned to third base coach after the season was over.
Pitching.
Twins pitchers performed well in 2005. The staff was led by All-Star Johan Santana (16-7, 2.87 ERA, 238 strikeouts) and All-Star closer Joe Nathan (43 saves, 2.70 ERA). Unfortunately, the weak hitting prevented any other starter from winning ten games. (Jesse Crain, in a stellar year out of the bullpen, did go 12-5.) The anemic offense also may have cost Santana a second Cy Young Award, as he finished with only sixteen victories.
The top end of the rotation—Santana, Brad Radke, Kyle Lohse, and Carlos Silva – pitched well. Silva in particular had what seemed to be a breakout year, walking only nine batters during the entire season. Many bullpen pitchers had outstanding years, in particular Crain, Juan Rincón (2.45 ERA), J.C. Romero (3.47), and Matt Guerrier (3.39).
In early May, the pitching staff was shaken when Major League Baseball announced that Juan Rincón would be suspended for ten days for violating the sport's policy on performance-enhancing drugs. Rincón pitched well both before and after this occurred.
Defense.
Like his predecessor Tom Kelly, Gardenhire emphasized baseball fundamentals like defense. Despite Hunter’s injury, he still won a Gold Glove in center field. Joe Mauer established a reputation as an outstanding defensive catcher, with a .993 fielding percentage. Morneau, not known for his defense, surprised many with a .994 average at first. Luis Rivas was a solid defensive second baseman, but his offensive shortcomings became too much to bear, leading the team to experiment with Boone and Nick Punto at the position. In contrast to Rivas, Michael Cuddyer saw a majority of the time at third base, but he was a defensive liability at the position. Jason Bartlett and Juan Castro split time at shortstop, with Castro being the superior defensive player. Shannon Stewart and Jacque Jones both had .985 fielding percentages in the corner outfield positions. Lew Ford saw time at all three outfield positions.
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Elizabethton

</doc>
<doc id="5866621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866621" title="Nayantara">
Nayantara

Nayantara (born 18 November 1983 as Diana Mariam Kurian) is an Indian film actress, who appears in South Indian films. She made her acting debut in the 2003 Malayalam film "Manassinakkare" and followed with the successful "Vismayathumbathu" (2004) before foraying into Tamil and Telugu cinema.
She made her debut in Tamil cinema in 2005 with "Ayya" and a year later in Telugu with "Lakshmi", after which she was seen as the female lead in numerous commercially successful Tamil and Telugu films, making herself as one of the most sought after actresses in Tamil and Telugu cinema. In 2010, she also made her Kannada film debut through the blockbuster "Super". Her portrayal of Sita in "Sri Rama Rajyam" (2011) earned her Filmfare Award for Best Telugu Actress and Nandi Award for Best Actress.
Early life.
Nayantara was born in Bangalore, Karnataka to Malayali Syrian Christian parents Kurian Kodiyattu and Omana Kurian. Her brother, Leno, who is nine years elder to her, lives in Dubai. As her father was an Indian Air Force official, she studied in various parts of India, mainly in North India. She did her schooling in Chennai, Jamnagar, Gujarat and Delhi. Following his retirement, they settled in Kerala, where she continued her college studies, at the Kendriya Vidyalaya schools in Kerala. In Tiruvalla, she studied at Balikamadom Girls Higher Secondary School and then attended Marthoma College for her bachelor's degree in English Literature. She has said that she would have become a chartered accountant if not an actress .
Career.
Debut in Malayalam cinema (2003–04).
While studying at college, Nayantara was working as a part-time model. She was spotted by director Sathyan Anthikkad, who had seen some of her modelling assignments and approached her to play a pivotal role opposite Jayaram in his film "Manassinakkare" (2003). Although she turned down the offer initially, as she was not interested in films, she gave in eventually and agreed to do "just that one movie". "Manassinakkare" went on to become a high financial success and she continued to receive acting offers. Her both releases in 2004, "Natturajavu" by Shaji Kailas and Fazil's psychological thriller "Vismayathumbathu" saw her co-starring alongside Mohanlal; while she played the protagonist's adopted sister in the former, she portrayed a ghost in the latter. Her performance in "Vismayathumbathu", in particular, was lauded, with critics claiming that she had "stolen the thunder with her author-backed role", and was "the revelation of the film". She also acted opposite Mammootty in "Thaskara Veeran" and "Rappakal".
Work in Tamil and Telugu cinema (2005–09).
She subsequently started appearing in Tamil and Telugu films. In 2005, she was cast opposite Sarath Kumar in Hari's "Ayya", debuting in the Tamil film industry. The family drama film opened to positive critical response, fetching Nayantara positive feedback as well. Behindwoods.com claimed that she had made a "sensational debut in Tamil", while a reviewer from Nowrunning.com said that her "presence with her beautiful smile is crowd winning". While still shooting for "Ayya", she was selected to portray the love interest of Rajinikanth in the comedy horror film "Chandramukhi", after its director P. Vasu's wife had seen "Manassinakkare" and recommended her. The film became one of the most successful Tamil films in history, running for over 800 days in theatres, eventually turning Nayantara into one of the most-sought after actresses in Tamil. Later that year her third Tamil film, A. R. Murugadoss' "Ghajini", in which she played a secondary female character, again was a commercially highly successful venture. However, she later told that appearing in "Ghajini" was a big mistake and the "worst decision" she ever took. Nayantara then accepted to appear in an item number as herself in the Perarasu-directed masala film "Sivakasi" starring Vijay.
Her first release in 2006 was "Kalvanin Kadhali". Indiaglitz.com termed her performance as the "strength of the movie". She next made her debut in Telugu, starring in the film "Lakshmi", following which she performed in "Boss, I Love You", alongside Venkatesh and Nagarjuna respectively. Three Tamil films in which she enacted the lead female characters – "Vallavan", "Thalaimagan" and "E" – were released simultaneously during Diwali 2006. All three films opened to mixed reviews; Nayantara mostly won praise for her performances. In "Vallavan", she portrayed a lecturer who falls in love with a student younger than her. Sify wrote: "Nayanthara virtually walks away with the film and has never looked so beautiful. She looks gorgeous especially in songs and does justice to her well-etched out role". The science fiction thriller "E" featured Nayantara in the role of a bar dancer. Reviewers claimed that she made an impact, was "very adequate and impressive in a slightly complicated role", and that she had "come up with a good performance". In "Thalaimagan", she played a news reporter, with critics agreeing that she did not have much to do in the film. She regained her star billing in Kollywood acting opposite Ajith Kumar in the Vishnuvardhan-directed gangster film "Billa" (2007). A remake of the same-titled 1980 Tamil film, it went on to become a blockbuster success at the box office, while Nayantara received many accolades for her performance as Sasha in her new glamour look. Sify heaped praise on her, describing her as a "show stopper". The reviewer further wrote: "Nayanthara has [...] gofull throttle to look her sexiest best [... She has a beautiful body which she flaunts daringly [...] and is also able to bring out the cold aloofness and bitterness of her character. Similarly a critic from Nowrunning.com noted that she looked "great in mini skirts, jacket, dark glasses and tall boots".
In 2008 she had five releases, four of which were in Tamil. Her first release, the family entertainer "Yaaradi Nee Mohini" was critically acclaimed and one of the highest grossing Tamil films of the year. Nayantara's portrayal of Keerthi was appreciated by critics. Behindwoods.com wrote: "Nayan dispels her bombshell act and proves that she can more than just that. She breaks into tears when needed, shows vicious contempt when rubbed the wrong way in the name of love, and looks endearing in songs". Nowrunning.com cited that she "exhibits her acting skills in full measure gives a moving performance in emotional scenes", while Sify's critic wrote that she looked "sensational and has done a great job in perhaps the meatiest role she has done so far". She won the Vijay Award for Favourite Heroine for second consecutive year, as well as a nomination for the Best Actress prize at the 56th Filmfare Awards South. Her subsequent releases, however, "Kuselan" opposite Rajnikanth, "Sathyam" opposite Vishal and "Villu" opposite Vijay, were all unsuccessful, while "Aegan" became an average grosser. Her only successful release in 2009 was "Aadhavan" with Suriya which released in October of that year.
Successive successes and awards (2010-2011).
In 2010, all her releases, which featured her as the female lead, turned out to be commercial successes. She delivered five super hit films in the four Southern languages – "Bodyguard" (Malayalam), "Adurs" and "Simha" (Telugu), "Boss Engira Bhaskaran" (Tamil) and "Super" (Kannada). She won the Asianet Award for Best Actress for her performance in "Bodyguard". The latter three, in particular, were exceptionally successful, with "Simha" becoming one of the highest-grossing Telugu films of the year and "Boss Engira Bhaskaran" releasing to highly positive reviews, and becoming a blockbuster. Upendra's "Super", which marked her debut into the Kannada film industry opened to rave reviews, while her performance was also praised by critics. Her performances in "Simha", "Boss Engira Bhaskaran" and "Super" eventually fetched her nominations for the Filmfare Best Actress Award in the respective languages. She also starred in Shyamaprasad's critically acclaimed Malayalam film "Elektra". Her performance was well appreciated by critics when it was screened at the International Film Festival of India. The film was also screened at the Dubai International Film Festival.
Her only release in 2011 was the mythological film "Sri Rama Rajyam" by Bapu, in which she played the role of Sita. She received critical acclaim for her performance in the film with Rediff.com noting that "Nayanthara is the surprise package of the film. As Sita, she too has played the role of her lifetime. She gave a fine understated performance conveying a kaleidoscope of emotions", while Sify commented "Nayanthara gave a fitting answer to all, unleashing grace and accomplishing the assignment with absolute perfection." Subsequently, she was awarded the Nandi Award for Best Actress and the Filmfare Award for Best Telugu Actress. The film was dubbed in the media as her swan song and considered to be her last release before her marriage as she was reported to quit acting thereafter.
Comeback in 2012 and upcoming projects.
However, after her break-up with Prabhu Deva, she made a comeback; she began shooting for Krish's "Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum" with Rana Daggubati in March 2012, after an 11-months sabbatical. She portrayed the role of a journalist in this movie and her performance was also praised, with a reviewer from Sify citing that "Nayanthara does not play the normal commercial glam-doll for a change and she is good. As a reporter, she looks good and her chemistry with Rana is perfect". Her first release in 2013 was "Greeku Veerudu" alongside Akkineni Nagarjuna. Her performance was also praised, with a reviewer from Sify citing that "Nayanthara looks beautiful in trendy costumes as well as in designer sarees. Her chemistry with Nagarjuna is equally nice and perfect. After a long Nagarjuna found his best pair". Her next film, "Raja Rani" opposite Arya was her first Tamil release after three years that had her in a lead role, which was followed by Vishnuvardhan's "Arrambam" opposite Ajith Kumar. Both films became very successful.
In 2014, she was first seen in "Idhu Kathirvelan Kadhal" opposite Udhayanidhi Stalin which was directed by S. R. Prabhakaran. Her next release was the bilingual thriller "Anamika" (Telugu)/"Nee Enge En Anbe" (Tamil) directed by Shekhar Kammula. She has three more projects, directed by B. Gopal, Pandiraj and M. Raja, coming up, all of them are yet untitled.
Personal life.
Relationships.
While shooting for her Tamil film "Vallavan", she was romantically linked with the film's director and co-actor Silambarasan Rajendar. She initially denied the reports. In November 2006, however, she confirmed that she and Silambarasan had broken up, going on to add that she will not work with him again.
During the making, in 2008, and after the release of her film "Villu", reports suggested that she was in a relationship with its director Prabhu Deva, with some sources even claiming that both had married secretly in June 2009. She had tattooed his name on her wrist, and began appearing with him in public, while keeping silence and refusing to comment about the issue, neither denying nor confirming the relationship. In September 2010 then, Prabhu Deva openly confessed his love for Nayantara and further stated that he would marry her soon. The issue soon gained media attention and turned into a controversy, since Prabhu Deva was already married and not divorced yet. His wife Ramalath, unwilling to agree for a divorce, filed a petition at the family court, sought directions against her husband and Nayantara from marrying, attending functions together and receiving awards as husband and wife and requested a reunion with him. Furthermore, Ramalath threatened to go on hunger strike, if Prabhu Deva married Nayantara, while several women's organizations also conducted protests against Nayantara for "bringing disrepute to Tamil culture", burning an effigy of her. In 2012, Nayantara confirmed that she had ended her relationship with Prabhu Deva.
Beliefs.
On 7 August 2011, she converted to Hinduism at the Arya Samaj Temple in Chennai. She went through "Shuddhi Karma", a procedure involving a Vedic purification and a "Homam" where Nayan chanted the hymns from Veda and "Gayatri Mantra" under the guidance of the priest. After the purification ceremony, a "Certificate of Conversion" to Hinduism was issued to her and her stage name, Nayantara, became her official name. She also visited a number of Holy places including "Haridwar" and "Rishikesh" in May 2014. She was dressed in Saffron clothes and wore Rudrakshas during her visit.

</doc>
<doc id="5866625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866625" title="Horror comedy">
Horror comedy

Horror comedy, is a literary and film genre that combines elements of comedy and horror fiction. The genre almost always inevitably crosses over with the black comedy genre; and in some respects could be considered a subset of it.
The short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" by Washington Irving is cited as "the first great comedy-horror story". The story made readers "laugh one moment and scream the next", and its premise was based on mischief typically found during the holiday Halloween.
In film.
In comedy horror film, gallows humor is a common element. While comedy horror films provide scares for audiences, they also provide something that dramatic horror films do not: "the permission to laugh at your fears, to whistle past the cinematic graveyard and feel secure in the knowledge that the monsters can't get you".
In the era of silent film, the source material for early comedy horror films came from stage performances instead of literature. One example, "The Ghost Breaker" (1914), was based on a 1909 play, though the film's horror elements were more interesting to the audience than the comedy elements. In the United States following the trauma of World War I, film audiences sought to see horror on screen but tempered with humor. The "pioneering" comedy horror film was "One Exciting Night" (1922), written, directed, and produced by D. W. Griffith, who noticed the stage success of the genre and foresaw a cinematic translation. While the film included blackface performances, Griffith also included footage of a hurricane for a climactic storm. As an early experiment, the various genres were not well-balanced with comedy and horror, and later films improved the balance and took more sophisticated approaches.

</doc>
<doc id="5866627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866627" title="Staatskapelle Halle">
Staatskapelle Halle

The Staatskapelle Halle is a symphony orchestra based in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5866630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866630" title="The Industry Standard">
The Industry Standard

The Industry Standard is a U.S. news web site dedicated to technology business news, part of InfoWorld, a news website covering technology in general. It is a revival of a weekly magazine based in San Francisco which was published between 1998 and 2001.
Print magazine, 1998-2001.
"The Industry Standard" called itself "the newsmagazine of the Internet economy", and it specialized in areas where business and the Internet overlapped. Like "Wired", "Red Herring", and (later) "Business 2.0", it was part of a breed of late 1990s publications that filled a gap in technology coverage left by mainstream media at the time.
The magazine, which was owned by the technology publishing company IDG, was in many ways the brainchild of John Battelle, who had been a journalist at "Wired" both in the United States and the United Kingdom. Jonathan Weber was its editor-in-chief. The magazine also ran a web site, thestandard.com.
Beginning in 1999, "The Standard" began selling a large number of advertising pages in the magazine, and began to be referred to as "the bible" of the Internet economy. In 2000, it sold more ad pages than any magazine in America, and launched that year a European edition. However, as the dot-com boom failed, sales of the magazine began to shrink, and it went into bankruptcy in August 2001. One of The Standard's writer/editors, James Ledbetter, published a book in 2003 about the magazine's rise and fall; entitled "Starving to Death on $200 Million: The Short, Absurd Life of The Industry Standard". 
Website, 2008-present.
IDG relaunched "The Industry Standard" as an online-only publication in 2008. The site featured technology industry news and an interactive section where visitors could make predictions about the future of the tech industry. In 2010, "The Industry Standard" became a "channel" within InfoWorld, another publication owned by IDG.

</doc>
<doc id="5866636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866636" title="Badische Staatskapelle">
Badische Staatskapelle

The Badische Staatskapelle is a symphony orchestra based in Karlsruhe, Germany. The orchestra is affiliated with the Badisches Staatstheater (Baden State Theatre). The historical roots of the orchestra date back to 1662. The precursor ensemble was the "Hofkapelle der Markgrafen von Baden-Durlach" (Court Orchestra of the Margrave of Baden-Durlach). Early leaders of the orchestra included Giuseppe Beniventi (1712-1718), Casimir Schweizelsberger, Johann Philipp Käfer, and Johann Melchior Molter, who led the orchestra for 40 years.
History.
In 1733, the orchestra was disbanded during the conflicts with Poland. After the orchestra was re-established in Karlsruhe, Molter reapplied as leader of the orchestra in 1743, and served in the post until his death in 1765. After Molter's death, Giacinto Sciatti became Court "Kapellmeister". Joseph Aloys Schmittbaur took over the leadership of the "Badische Hofkapelle" following the death in 1777 of Sciatti. During that period, Christian Franz Danner served as "Kapellmeister". Later, the violinist and composer Johann Evangelist Brandl shared the directorship of the ensemble with Danner, and later became sole "Kapellmeister".
In the 19th century, Franz Danzi began as "Hofkapellmeister" in 1812. Joseph Strauß succeeded Danzi and served in that capacity until 1863. The Bohemian composer and violinist Franz Pecháček was leader of the orchestra from 1826 to 1840. Hermann Levi served as "Hofkapellmeister" from 1864. Max Zenger, briefly after Levi, and then Felix Otto Dessoff from 1875, subsequently led the ensemble. Felix Mottl succeeded Dessoff and was a particular champion of the music of Richard Wagner.
In the 20th century, the organisation received its current name in 1933, and the title of "Hofkapellmeister" evolved into "Generalmusikdirector" (GMD). Joseph Keilberth was the first to hold the title of GMD with the organisation, in one of his earliest conducting posts with this orchestra, from 1935 to 1940. In the years after World War II, Otto Mazerath, Alexander Krannhals and Arthur Grüber guided the orchestra. Christof Perick was "Generalmusikdirektor" (GMD) from 1977-1985. His successors have included Günther Neuhold (1989-1995) and Kazushi Ono (1996-2002). From 2002 to 2008, Anthony Bramall was the orchestra's GMD. The British conductor Justin Brown became GMD of the orchestra in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5866639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866639" title="Barrowhouse GAA">
Barrowhouse GAA

Barrowhouse GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in County Laois located in the townland of Barrowhouse which is close to the border with County Kildare near the town of Athy in the Republic of Ireland. The club was established in 1919. The club currently has a new pitch in the townsland of Cowpark.
Barrowhouse won numerous Laois county championships in the past. The roll of honour includes three Laois Intermediate Football Championships (1980, 1985 and 1992) and two Laois Junior Football Championships (1946 and 1974).
The most recent of their championship successes occurred in 1992 when they won both the Laois Intermediate Football Championship and the Division 2 Laois All-County Football League. Barrowhouse have also won the Division 4 Laois All-County Football League in 2006 and Division 3 Laois All-County Football League in 2007 and 2012.
In 2006, the St Joseph's-Barrowhouse underage combination team won the Laois Minor "B" Football Championship and in 2008 the Minor "A" league title and Laois Under 21 Football Championship. The club won its second such title in 2011 . The St Joseph's-Barrowhouse combination fields teams from Under 12 to Under 21.
In 1995 they qualified for the quarter finals of the Laois Senior Football Championship defeating Ballylinan in a replay before being eventually knocked out by Stradbally.

</doc>
<doc id="5866643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866643" title="Mecklenburgische Staatskapelle">
Mecklenburgische Staatskapelle

The Mecklenburgische Staatskapelle is a symphony orchestra based in Schwerin, Germany.
It was founded in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="5866645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866645" title="Destiny Calling (James song)">
Destiny Calling (James song)

"Destiny Calling" is a song by British alternative rock band James, released as three CD singles in November 1998 by Mercury Records. It reached number 17 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was one of two new tracks on the "The Best Of" album, along with "Runaground", which was also released as a single.
The song suggests the band have became successful and is accepted as a tongue in cheek look at their success. "So we may be gorgeous, so we may be famous: come back when we're getting old". The video includes images of the band featured on certain household items. It jokes with the opinion of some fans that the band was in the process of selling out.

</doc>
<doc id="5866650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866650" title="Lhasa Carpet Factory">
Lhasa Carpet Factory

Lhasa Carpet Factory is a factory south of Yanhe Dong Lu near the Tibet University in Lhasa, the capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It produces traditional Tibetan rugs that are exported worldwide through Canton. Although the actual weaving and finishing is done by hand using old-style vertical looms, many of the stages of the process are now mechanised and the dyeing is not done at the factory. It is a modern factory; the largest manufacturer of rugs throughout Tibet employing some 300 workers. Traditionally Tibetan women were the weavers, men the spinners, but both work on the rugs today. 
The factory has developed into the most productive in the Tibet Autonomous Region with an annual output of 30,000 miles of carpet. The rugs manufactured in Lhasa are typically smaller with bold designs and bright colors and a deep even, pile -about 60knots per square inch. Rug weaving is an ancient craft in Tibet but because it was not for sacred purposes it is not considered an art. As a result there are no rugs verifiable earlier than 1800. Chemical dye first appeared in Central Asia around 1870 and is now very widely used. The use of durable cotton warps and wefts was introduced in Lhasa in the early 20th century. The factory is now an important tourist attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="5866652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866652" title="Deutsches Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar">
Deutsches Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar

The Deutsche Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar (DNT) is the most important musical and theatrical venue in Weimar in Germany. It is a twin institution, consisting of the theatrical Deutsches Nationaltheater (German National Theatre, now solely based in Weimar) and the symphony orchestra known as the Staatskapelle Weimar. It has a total of six stages across the city and also hosts touring orchestras and theatre companies from the German-speaking world, as well as making appearances in electronic media.
The Staatskapelle Weimar.
History.
The precursor ensemble of Staatskapelle Weimar dates from 1482, with the formation of a musical ensemble in service of the Weimar "Fürsten" (Prince). In 1602, the ensemble attained resident status at the Weimar court, as the "Herzoglichen Hofkapelle" (Ducal Court Ensemble). Notable musicians in the early history of the Staatskapelle Weimar included Johann Schein (1615–1616) and Johann Sebastian Bach (1705, 1708–1717), both from the St. Thomas Church, Leipzig. Bach particularly worked as resident organist and "Kapellmeister".
Johann Nepomuk Hummel served as the ensemble's "Kapellmeister" from 1819 to 1837, on the appointment by the Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna. Franz Liszt began his tenure as "Kapellmeister" in 1842, and championed the music of Richard Wagner, Hector Berlioz, Peter Cornelius. Through this and his teaching activities, Liszt enhanced the prestige of Weimar as a musical hub, notably conducting the world premieres of Wagner's "Lohengrin" in 1850 and Cornelius’s "Der Barbier von Bagdad" in 1858.
After Liszt left in 1858, he was succeeded by Eduard Lassen who remained as director until his retirement in 1895. Lassen conducted several world premieres during his tenure, including the first performance of Camille Saint-Saëns's "Samson et Dalila" in 1877. Richard Strauss served as second "Kapellmeister" under Lassen from 1889 to 1894 and led the premieres of his own "Guntram" and Engelbert Humperdinck's "Hänsel und Gretel.
Peter Raabe became "Kapellmeister" in 1907. With the end of World War I and the dismantling of the German Empire, the ensemble was renamed the "Weimar Staatskapelle". Ernst Praetorius directed concert and opera programming from 1924 to 1933. Because his wife was Jewish, Praetorius left the post after the National Socialists ascended to power in Germany in 1933. Paul Sixt directed activities there during the Nazi regime.
After World War II and the end of the Nazi regime, Hermann Abendroth became "Generalmusikdirektor" (GMD) and chief conductor of the ensemble, serving from 1945 to 1956. Successive GMD's of the ensemble have included Gerhard Pflüger (1957–1973), Lothar Seyfarth (1973–1979), Rolf Reuter (1979–1980), Peter Gülke (1981–1982), Hans-Peter Frank (1988–1996), George Alexander Albrecht (1996–2002), Jac van Steen (2002–2005) and Carl St.Clair (2005-2008). Oleg Caetani was principal guest conductor of the ensemble from 1984 to 1987. The ensemble was officially renamed the "Staatskapelle Weimar" in 1988.
In September 2009, the Swedish conductor Stefan Solyom became GMD of the ensemble. His initial contract is for 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5866661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866661" title="Mixing It">
Mixing It

Mixing It was a radio programme showcasing experimental music. Its original remit was to showcase "crossover" music that blurred the established boundaries between genres. It was originally broadcast as a weekly radio programme on BBC Radio 3 but was axed in 2007 when controller Roger Wright announced a revamped schedule.
The programme has since been broadcast by experimental radio station Resonance FM, where it was first renamed as "MIXINGIT". However, the BBC objected as it had trademarked the title. The programme was then temporarily renamed as "MyXINGIT". The following week, its new permanent title was announced: "Where's The Skill In That?" This is a favourite catchphrase of the programme, humorously said by the presenters to be a common reaction at production meetings when one presenter plays music that doesn't go down well with the other.
History.
"Mixing It" was presented by journalist Robert Sandall and musician Mark Russell. It generally lasted around 75 minutes. The first programme was broadcast in 1990, when its regular running time was usually only 45 minutes. Its regular timeslot then was on Monday evenings, and since then it has been broadcast on Saturdays, Sundays, and most recently Fridays. It has been nominated twice for a Sony Award. The show finished after 17 years on air on 9 February 2007 following Radio 3 controller Roger Wright's proposed schedule changes. A campaign by loyal listeners started in early 2007 to save the programme.
The programme's return on Resonance FM was announced on a message board post by Mark Russell. The first Resonance FM edition was broadcast on 28 February 2007, lasting one hour. A series began later in March, running until mid-June. The next series was set to begin in September 2007, but was delayed due to both presenters' other professional commitments. Mark Russell and Robert Sandall were also considering setting up a website and looking into the potential of producing podcasts. On 16 April 2008, the programme returned to a regular Wednesday 9-10pm slot on Resonance FM. Robert Sandall died on 20 July 2010 following a long battle with prostate cancer.
Content and influences.
The programme contains music based and concentrated on new and experimental music. Most shows featured a session which was either a pre-recorded studio set or excerpts of gigs. The show sometimes went travelling and had visited Los Angeles, California, Iceland, Montreal, Barcelona, Brussels, Edinburgh, Berlin and Chicago for specials.
The show played a broad range of music including the type of music played by John Peel, The Breezeblock and Andy Kershaw as well as modern classical and improv music. The two presenters have different musical tastes which made for a varied playlist.
A variety of performers have performed or been interviewed on this show. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="5866663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866663" title="Volgans">
Volgans

The Volgans are a fictional fascist Russian government appearing in "2000 AD" in the "Invasion!"/"Savage" and the Ro-Busters/ABC Warriors by Pat Mills. The stories are set in different times: "Savage" in the present day (originally the near future of 1999), after the Volgan conquest of Europe, and "ABC Warriors" in 2080s when the Volgans fell to the United States of America. (The two series began a crossover from "Savage Book 5", with the original Mark 1 ABC Warrior robots deployed in 2009).
"Invasion!" was originally going to use the Soviet Union as the main villains but at the last minute, the comic was ordered to change them into a fictional villain to avoid antagonizing the Soviet Embassy in London, due to Britain and the Western world being engaged in détente with the Soviet Union during the mid/late 1970s. In 2004, it was made explicitly clear the Volgans were Russians.
Volgan history.
The Volgan Republic of Asia was founded when an individual called Vashkov united the Volgograd citizens into a fascist party named after the local river. Leading the party to a military coup in 1991, he declared himself the sole leader of a unified Russia which was renamed the Volgan Republic.
After new reserves of North Sea oil was discovered near Britain, he sought the help of a fifth column to invade the country and much of Western Europe along with it. A deal was made with the United States ensuring that it did not get involved with the Volgan activities.
The result was the Eight Hour War of 1999, so named because it took that long for the Volgans to conquer the United Kingdom. The Midlands were hit by nuclear weaponry, diehard politicians and generals were executed, and defiant British army units were massacred at Stonehenge. Many Britons were sent to concentration camps throughout the Volgan empire. The conquered states were renamed the Eurasian Economic Community and the Volgan occupational forces would be called "EEC peacekeepers" by 2004.
The invasion immediately led to a protracted occupation and an organised underground uprising by figures like the Free European Army, Traitor's Gate, former MI5 & military elements, and the notorious Bill Savage who assassinated Vashkov. Collaborators were nicknamed "Double Yellows" after the twin yellow stripe on the uniform of British State Security officers. Those suspected of terrorism were sent to "Camp Sunshine" in Siberia. Escapist literature such as bodice rippers, utopian prophecies, and space opera were mass-produced as a means of keeping the population pacified.
In 2004, a massive uprising led to the Volgans being pushed out of a large part of Britain. In 2006, however, there was a reoccupation under unknown circumstances, and by 2007 the Volgans (partially via a propaganda campaign) were becoming more accepted, and a Reconciliation Month was held as a goodwill gesture. At the same time, the United States fell out with the Volgans, and began both landing special forces in the Republic of Ireland and arming the British resistance.
To force Savage and the resistance to cease operations, the Volgans framed them for civilian massacres and attempted to frame them for a rocket attack at St Paul's Cathedral during Reconciliation Day festivities in order to make America cease their support for this resistance. Bill Savage's intervention meant the rocket was accidentally fired at a spy blimp instead, and when the Volgans executed a hundred civilians in retaliation – a known response to any attack on the blimp – America instead moved further to open hostilities.
In 2009, the US Air Force had "e-bombed" – meaning electromagnetic pulse weapons – the occupied London, reducing technology to the level of 1984, and were using local guerillas to identify and bomb key targets in advance of an invasion. The Volgans ramped up fortications under the "Fortress Britannia" initiative, and tried to manipulate the Allied landings into taking place at Holyhead where defences were strongest. This failed, and the Americans deployed waves of robots in a beach landing as an advance guard. However, the robots could not distinguish enemy targets from friendlies, while the Volgans had developed teleportational technology; Volgan soldiers were able to teleport behind enemy lines and turn the robots on US soldiers, forcing the US to scale back its plans in the face of public outcry at home.
By 2010, the Volgans had developed their own war robots, who were also unable to recognise friendlies and were designed for extreme brutality.
The Volgan War/Fourth Oil War.
With the world's oil reserves finally running out, the United States started the "The Volgan War" under the guise of liberation but with the sole intention of capturing much needed oil reserves (leading to its unofficial name of the Fourth Oil War).
As the war got bogged down, the Americans began replacing human soldiers with their ABC Warrior "War-Droids" on various battlefields in Europe and Russia, starting with the original Hammerstein. The Volgans began using more and more robots themselves, ending up with a vast horde led by the patriotic Volkhan, with their armies including the titanic Stalin war-mechas and the jungle guerilla Straw Dogs under General Blackblood. Their robots were known to be of better quality than the Western ones (almost all designed by Howard Quartz and, whereas the Western troops had human officers actively controlling the Warriors, the Volgans allowed Volkhan and Blackblood both autonomy and high rank. They could take direct action, command humans, and in Blackblood's case even carry out interrogation of humans. Volkhan himself was hideously powerful and proclaimed by the robots as "Ikon of Ikons", while he whipped them up in a frenzy to make the "ABC Criminals" "pay... the price for oil!".
As the war went on, the more numerous ABC Warriors overran Volgan forces and by 2084 the northern front was near Lithuania. However, an attempt to take the occupied city of Vilius by paratroop drop, in order to outflank Volgan forces in Kaliningrad and Byelorus, turned into a massacre that the Allies nicknamed "Zarnhem". Later, the US robots pushed into the Republic itself. In one incident, they were forced by human officers to massacre the (fictional) city of Jadrez.
The war officially ended after Marshal Volgod, the then-Volgan leader, was assassinated by the ABC Warrior Steelhorn. Many former Volgan robots would be shipped to Mars as labour, while their commanders were incarcerated.
History within 2000 AD.
The Volgans have featured in many "2000 AD" stories created by Pat Mills, and he has linked them into the Judge Dredd universe. However they are conspicuously absent from the Judge Dredd stories created by other writers, most notably John Wagner. "ABC Warriors: The Volgan War Book 1" has retconned them out of Dredd's universe by showing the war continuing into the 2080s, a decade after the rise of the Judges to power.
Appearance and real-world parallels.
The appearance of the Volgan soldiers is similar to the uniforms and weapons of the Red Army. In 2004 when "Savage: Taking Liberties" was published, the uniforms and the body armour of the Volgan soldiers began to resemble the combat uniforms of American soldiers (possibly as a reference to the US/Allied invasion and occupation of Iraq in 2003 by the writers of the "Savage" comic series). Despite the change in the appearance of the uniforms and body armour, the Volgans still used Soviet/Russian weaponry and vehicles like helicopters (e.g. the Mil Mi-24 "Hind" attack helicopters), infantry weapons (e.g. AK-74s, AKSU-74s, AK-103s etc.), and armoured vehicles (with the exception of the American-made Humvee 4WD truck which the Volgans use alongside their Soviet/Russian vehicles) in their brutal occupation of Great Britain and Western Europe.
The British Resistance/Free European Army forces are equipped with NATO small arms like the American-made M16A2 rifle and the German-made Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine gun. The use of NATO and American small arms by the British Resistance and the Free European Army is a sign that the United States and Canada are providing weapons to the resistance fighters in Britain and Europe.
Although often given fascist overtones, the Volgans are given a Soviet theme in "The Volgan War", decorating themselves with hammer and sickles and Red stars.

</doc>
<doc id="5866665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866665" title="Ghost (Marvel Comics)">
Ghost (Marvel Comics)

The Ghost is a fictional character appearing in comic books set in the Marvel Universe. He originated as one of Iron Man's foes, and appeared as a member of the Thunderbolts during the "Dark Reign" and "Heroic Age" eras.
Publication history.
The Ghost first appears in "Iron Man" #219 and was created by David Michelinie and Bob Layton. Originally portrayed as a supervillain, the character was later developed into an anti-hero figure.
He has appeared as a regular character in "Thunderbolts" since issue #144, and has remained with the team since the title transitioned into "Dark Avengers" beginning with issue #175.
Fictional character biography.
Very little is known about the identity of the Ghost. He claims to have been an IT researcher at one time, and to have been made into what he is by corporate greed. The Ghost is an anticapitalist saboteur who seeks to destroy various political and economic institutions he views as oppressive, apparently being most interested in those dealing with advanced technology and surveillance. He has, at times, hired his services out to corporations and other organizations, such as Norman Osborn's Thunderbolts, that wish to destroy rival groups, but invariably plans to turn on his own employers and topple them as well.
Origin.
As the Ghost himself told Moonstone, he once worked as both a programmer and an engineer at a rising IT company called Omnisapient. Impressing the board with his technological prowess and genius intellect, he quickly rose up the ranks and assumed the company's flagstaff project for which he developed a revolutionary processor that could physically change in reaction to its environment, becoming intangible before overheating. Thanks to his "Ghost Tech", the company's stock skyrocketed while the board, ever more dependent on the man who would become Ghost, collected the credit. Exhausted after months of work, the socially introverted programmer decided to leave on vacation, contrariating the board's expectations for an ahead of schedule launch that could increase their profit margins significantly. Approached by an attractive co-worker as he was about to leave, the young man cancelled his travel plans and began a relationship with her. Happier and more productive than ever, he now found every single aspect of his life tied to the company, all part of a well-oiled machine, until his lover died in an explosion at her apartment. Depressed over her death and unable to cope with its apparent randomness, he sought solace by immersing his consciousness into the data networks he created by wiring his own flesh with his flux-state processors. Within this network, no randomness existed and his unconscious mind, in a state of alpha, could solve any dilemma his conscious mind was unable or unwilling to. In this state, he pieced memories and hidden fragments of data together to realize his dead lover had been hired by the board to seduce him, keeping him happy and available to the company's every demand, and later murdered for blackmailing them for more money. Terrified, he attempted to flee, but his discoveries had been detected by the board which dispatched a contract killer after him. The hitman detonated a bomb in his apartment before he could leave, destroying the entire building and killing dozens of tenants. However, he survived, made intangible by the flux-state processors fused with his body when a wall of fire hit him. The experience completed his psychological transformation and the once naive workaholic emerged as the Ghost, a paranoid vigilante bent on wiping out corporatocracy. He immediately took revenge upon the board, butchering them all along with their contract killer, and then erased all records of his previous life.
The Accutech Merger.
Sometime after this, The Ghost was hired by Carrington Pax, a leading executive of the Roxxon Oil Corporation, to destroy Accutech Research and Development. Accutech was trying to develop a beta particle generator and when they refused to sell it to Roxxon, the Ghost was hired to drive Accutech into bankruptcy. Tony Stark was interested in acquiring Accutech's technology and bought the company. Investigating a disturbance at the new facility as Iron Man, he first met the Ghost. Iron Man managed to drive the Ghost from Accutech, but the Ghost swore that he would have his revenge on Iron Man's employer, Tony Stark.
For the next few weeks, Tony Stark spent all his free time modifying his armor. Sometimes, for extra security, he would sleep in his armor, too. When Pax and the other executives at Roxxon heard that the Ghost had gone rogue, they feared his actions would make the company look bad, so they called in Spymaster to take care of him. After a fierce battle at Stark Enterprises, the Ghost killed Spymaster. Using a modified version of his intangibility circuits, the Ghost made Spymaster materialize in a wall. The shock caused Spymaster's whole body to shut down, and he was believed dead. It was shown years later in Dark Reign that the Spymaster had faked his death.
Tony finally took the offensive against the Ghost. He set up a trap and the Ghost walked right into it. After a short battle between Iron Man and the Ghost, Iron Man cornered the Ghost in the room with the beta particle generator. He had it turned on so he could see the cloaked Ghost better, since radiation from the generator would cause interference in the Ghost's sophisticated tech-suit. However, prolonged exposure to the generator was fatal, and Iron Man didn't want to stay in the room for too long. But the Ghost had sworn to bring down Stark Enterprises and nothing, not even the chance of dying, would stop him. As he tried to reach the generator to destroy it, the intense heat from his overloading costume caused the floor to melt and the Ghost fell through. As Iron Man searched for him, all he found of the Ghost was his burnt costume. Still, Tony didn't believe that the Ghost was dead.
Unholy Ghost.
Indeed, fairly soon after, the Ghost reappeared - this time plaguing a company in Italy, owned by none other than Justin Hammer. The shrewd industrialist intended to sell the company, Electronica Fabbrizi, to Tony Stark, ridding him of a dangerous enemy and a useless asset, as well as sticking a business rival with a nasty problem. However, after Tony Stark discovered the true ownership of the floundering company, a compromise was reached: Hammer's forces and Iron Man would cooperate in taking out the Ghost. Hammer sent his operatives Blacklash, Blizzard, and Boomerang to help Iron Man fight the Ghost. However, Hammer's team betrayed Iron Man, planning to get rid of both their enemies.
Ghost attempted to kill Iron Man by rendering him intangible. While Iron Man managed to save the lives of everybody involved, Electronica Fabbrizi was irrevocably destroyed and the Ghost escaped. However, when the mysterious villain confronted Hammer, it was revealed the ruthless business man had defenses developed against the Ghost's intangibility powers, and made his own escape, leaving his assailant trapped. Blasting his way out, the saboteur vowed to continue his crusade against Hammer and all companies anywhere.
Ghost was next hired by the Kingpin to steal the new Roxxon process to create synthetic vibranium, and battled Spider-Man and the Black Panther.
The Ghost was then defeated by Sunturion, but escaped and was then defeated by Ultron.
The Big Bang Theory.
Much later, several companies were suddenly and violently destroyed when bombs, apparently installed in personal computers, went off in inner-city offices. Tony Stark, who at the time was undercover as a common employee at one of the companies that went under, managed to track down the source of the attacks: the "Advanced Corp", a cover for AIM. It was then revealed that AIM, not usually operating in common business circles, on this occasion had employed a special agent to eliminate the competition: the Ghost. Nearly defeating Iron Man in their first fight and escaping without a hitch, he hit a nasty snag during their second fight when he attempted to phase his costumed hand into Iron Man's chest, and Tony Stark's then-artificial heart defended itself, knocking him unconscious. He was subsequently arrested, but his identity appears to have remained unknown.
Inevitable.
Later still, having apparently escaped, the Ghost (in a new, more streamlined outfit) was employed by the third Spymaster to help free the Living Laser, who was "held captive" by Stark Industries at the time. He attempted to kill Iron Man, and believed to have succeeded. In the end, he proved too unreliable and quirky, and was abandoned by his employer, remaining at large.
The Ghost was mentioned by Gauntlet as the one who attacked him and left a NW mark on him (when it was actually the seemingly light-hearted recruit Slapstick).
"Dark Reign".
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, seems to have become more unhinged and reclusive, however, as Ms. Marvel mentions "He smells... Badly." and The Ghost himself shows signs of increasing obsessiveness. With the Thunderbolts officially disbanded, Norman Osborn recruits Ghost for his new Thunderbolts, now a black ops team under Osborn's direct control. Ghost helps Osborn take control of Air Force One with the Goblin (actually new Thunderbolts member Headsman), Doc Samson, and the new President aboard. As part of Osborn's plan, the Ghost phases Samson out of the plane, and drops him from the sky. Osborn calls for the Ghost to come to Stark Tower, where he unlocks a vault containing Iron Man's old armors. Ghost later reveals to the Black Widow (actually Natasha Romanoff in disguise) that when Osborn is king of the corporate world, he'll act as "a virus" to bring it down from the inside. He explains he wants to inform Yelena's "real" boss, Nick Fury. Widow was eventually exposed as Natalia Romanova, who was in fact Nick Fury's undercover agent, and who was attempting to make sure Songbird stayed alive. Paladin, Ghost and Headsman purposely turned on the other Thunderbolts in order for the two heroines to escape. However, Ghost insisted that they stay in the Thunderbolts, for they all have their own agendas. He uses electro-convulsive shock in order to make Scourge and Mister X forget about the betrayal. At the end of the Dark Reign arc, Ghost betrayed Osborn by sending a data package he had collected to whatever heroes could receive it, warning them of Osborn's plans to capture Odin's magical weapon, Gungnir. Aware of the emergency, Quicksilver crossed the Atlantic Ocean and crushed Mister X (who wielded the weapon at the time) in combat, retrieving it.
"Stark Disassembled".
Because Tony Stark had purposely lobotomized himself into a vegetative state, and had his power of attorney transferred over to Donald Blake, Madame Masque hired Ghost to kill Stark. She provided him a phone made by the Tinkerer, which he could use to execute his phase abilities to reach any place in the world. Ghost managed to track Stark to Broxton, Oklahoma, where he twice attempted to assassinate Stark. All the while, Stark's comrades were attempting to reboot his brain. By then, Stark had regained consciousness and used the Ghost's own phone against him, sending him to a facility in Seoul.
Thunderbolts Post-"Siege".
For his help in the downfall of Norman Osborn, Ghost was recruited into the new Thunderbolts team formed in the aftermath of Siege. Ghost is the first team member that Cage meets with as he arrives at the Raft. During Shadowland, he would witness Crossbones assassinate a police officer the Thunderbolts were meant to save. Ghost would also prove instrumental in the attempted Thunderbolt break out, but in doing so, managed to go to an alternate dimension, and he came face to face with Iron Man again. In order to beat Ghost, Iron Man transmitted into Ghost's network a confirmation that all Stark Industries divisions were being shut down effective immediately. Ghost therefore resigned from plans to kill Stark, because he is no longer a tech monopolist. After coming back to The Raft, Ghost told Moonstone an unverifiable origin tale, whereupon he mused over whether that means he's regained his capacity to trust or whether he simply perceives her as no threat at all, only to conclude, as he phased through a speechless Moonstone, that both are irrelevant to a man who abandoned his humanity and is truly untouchable.
Powers and abilities.
The Ghost wears a battlesuit of his own design. Its "Ghost-tech" enables him to turn himself and any objects he touches invisible or intangible, but not both at the same time. Unknown devices in the battle-suit enable him to hack and reprogram all manner of electronic systems in his vicinity as well as intercept, tamper with or silence electromagnetic signals. This tech along with his superb intellect make him a superhacker.
The Ghost also invented guns that fire bursts of electricity or concussive force blasts and employs a large arsenal of high-tech weaponry, including incendiary devices, self-targeting Anson grenades and sound-activated bombs. Nevertheless, he often avoids direct confrontations altogether, preferring subterfuge and ambush tactics.
He is a brilliant tactician, inventor and computer hacker.
Other versions.
Ultimate Marvel.
The Ultimate Marvel version of Ghost is introduced in "Ultimate Comics: Armor Wars" #1, where he sneaks into one of Tony Stark's underground hideouts and steals an ornament from him. His armor has the traditional phasing capabilities, and he is also able to generate teleportation fields that allow him to warp objects away. He is later revealed to be working for "Project Tomorrow" under the Titanium Man. After Justine and Tony are kidnapped by Titanium Man's forces, who reveals himself to be Howard Stark Sr., he and all the other experiments except Tony are killed by an EMP that destroys all tech nearby. Very little is known about this Ghost, but according to Stark, Sr. "He got a funny accent."

</doc>
<doc id="5866672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866672" title="Eugène Collache">
Eugène Collache

Eugène Collache (29 January 1847 - unknown) was French Navy officer, who fought for the Shogun as a samurai during the Boshin War.
Arrival in Japan.
Eugène Collache was an officer of the French Navy in the 19th century. Based on the ship "Minerva" of the French Oriental Fleet, he deserted when the ship was anchored at Yokohama harbour, with his friend Henri Nicol to rally other French officers, led by Jules Brunet, who had embraced the cause of the Bakufu in the Boshin War. On 29 November 1868, Eugène Collache and Nicol left Yokohama on board a commercial ship, the "Sophie-Hélène", chartered by a Swiss businessman.
The Boshin War.
The two French officers first reached Samenoura Bay (鮫ノ浦湾) in the province of Nambu (modern Miyagi Prefecture), where they learned that the Imperial forces had subdued the Daimyos of Northern Japan, and that the rebel forces favorable to the Shogun had fled to the island of Hokkaidō. They decided to go further north to Aomori, where they were warmly received by the Daimyo of Tsugaru. A visiting American ship brought them the news that an order of arrest had been issued against them. Eugène Collache and Nicol decided to board the American ship and reached Hokkaidō. 
During the winter of 1868-1869, Collache was put in charge of establishing fortifications in the volcanic mountain chain protecting Hakodate (Nicol was put in charge of organizing the Navy).
On May 18, the decision was taken to make a surprise attack on the Imperial Navy, which was moving north to confront them. Collache thus participated to the Naval Battle of Miyako. He was on the "Takao", former "Aschwelotte", which he was commanding. The two other ships were the "Kaiten" and the "Banryu". The ships encountered bad weather, in which the "Takao" suffered from engine trouble, and the "Banryu" was separated. The "Banryu" eventually returned to Hokkaidō, without joining the battle.
To create surprise, the "Kaiten" planned to enter Miyako harbour with an American flag. Unable to achieve more than three knots due to engine trouble, the "Takao" trailed behind, and the "Kaiten" first joined battle. The "Kaiten" approached the enemy ships and raised the Bakufu flag seconds before boarding the Imperial warship "Kotetsu". The "Kotetsu" managed to repel the attack with a Gatling gun, with huge loss on the attacking side. The "Kaiten", pursued by the Imperial fleet, steamed out of Miyako Bay just as the "Takao" was entering it. The "Kaiten" eventually escaped to Hokkaidō, but the "Takao" was unable to leave the pursuers and wrecked herself voluntarily.
Capture and imprisonment.
Trying to escape through the mountain, Collache finally surrendered after a few days together with his troops to the Japanese authorities. They were brought to Edo to be imprisoned. He was judged and condemned to death, but he was finally pardoned. 
He was transferred to Yokohama on board the French Navy frigate Coëtlogon, where he joined the remaining of the French rebel officers led by Jules Brunet.
Return to France.
Back in France, he was discharged from the armed forces and court-martialed as a deserter, but the sentence was light, and he was allowed to reenlist for the Franco-Prussian War together with his friend Nicol.
Books.
He wrote "An Adventure in Japan 1868 - 1869" ("Une aventure au Japon 1868-1869"), which was published in 1874.
See Also.
Jules Brunet (1838 – 1911) - was a French officer who fought for the Shogun in the Boshin War and later became a General and Chief of Staff of the French Minister of War in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="5866681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866681" title="Steel Venom (Valleyfair)">
Steel Venom (Valleyfair)

Steel Venom is a steel Inverted Impulse roller coaster located at Valleyfair in Minnesota. It reaches a maximum height of 185 feet (56 m) and a top speed of 68 mph (109 km/h). It is similar to the "Wicked Twister" roller coaster at Cedar Point, but has only one vertical spiral, as opposed to Wicked Twister with two vertical spirals, but it is identical to Possessed at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom excepting to be shorter and it is similar to at Six Flags Great America.
The ride.
The coaster's single seven-car (28-passenger) train runs along a 200 m (656 ft) U-shaped track, incorporating two vertical spikes. The forward spike incorporates a twisted spiral, and the rearward spike provides a straight freefall. The 20 m (65 ft) train, propelled by linear induction motors (LIMs,) is accelerated in less than four seconds to toward the forward tower before dropping back down through the station house and up the rearward tower. A holding brake is incorporated on the rear straight tower and is able to suspend the train momentarily (usually on the final ascent during each ride) before dropping it back down to the station house.
"Steel Venom" was the first launched coaster at Valleyfair.

</doc>
<doc id="5866683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866683" title="List of Pimoidae species">
List of Pimoidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Pimoidae as of Jan. 28, 2012.
Nanoa.
"Nanoa" Hormiga, Buckle & Scharff, 2005
Pimoa.
"Pimoa" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1943
Putaoa.
"Putaoa" Hormiga & Tu, 2008
Weintrauboa.
"Weintrauboa" Hormiga, 2003

</doc>
<doc id="5866686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866686" title="Tibet University">
Tibet University

Tibet University is the largest university in Tibet. It has two campuses: one in Lhasa and one in Nyingchi.
History.
The precursor to Tibet University were informal classes established by Tibetan cadres in 1951. In May 1983, the State Council of the PRC officially approved to established the University of Tibet in the basis of the existing Teachers College in Lhasa. Tibet University was formally established on July 20, 1985. Since 1999, the art school of the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Tibet Medical College, the Medical Department of the Tibet Institute for Nationalities and the Tibet Autonomous Region Finance School have been incorporated to Tibet University, giving it a more rounded profile of academic subjects. In December 2008, it was included into the ranks of the national 211 Project of key universities.
Student life.
About 7500 students are enrolled at the university, and nearly 20% are in the Department of Tibetan Studies, which is a draw for international students as well as locals.
Tibetan language study is mandatory at Tibet University. As of 1995, 92% of its students are from ethnic minority groups. Ethnic Tibetans form 67% of the student body.
Administration.
Lhasa campus of the existing staff of 863 people, 523 full-time teachers. 327 Tibetan teachers, accounting for 62.5%, about 14,020 students. 
The school has 11 colleges: Faculty of Arts, Science, Engineering, Agronomy, College of Medicine, School of Economics and Management, School of Tourism and Foreign Languages, Arts, Teachers College, School of Continuing Education, the Central Radio and TV Tibet Institute. It has a Tibetan-word literature, Tibetan history, Tibetan art, public affairs management, crop cultivation, ecology, and prevention of veterinary science, musicology, eight master's degree awarded points.

</doc>
<doc id="5866695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866695" title="German submarine U-75">
German submarine U-75

U-75 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="5866702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866702" title="A Box of Rain">
A Box of Rain

A Box of Rain is a 1990 book by Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter, compiling his complete songbook, in and out of the Dead, from 1965 until 1990. A more-recent paperback edition has also been published, which includes lyrics up until 1993; the original edition was hardbound. The 1993 publication also includes a different introduction by the author.
The book's title comes from "Box of Rain", a song recorded and made famous on the Dead's 1970 studio classic, "American Beauty". The book was, at one time, considered the best source of Grateful Dead lyrics, but that spot has since been taken by "The Complete Annotated Grateful Dead Lyrics" by David Dodd, which compiles songs not only by Hunter, but by other Dead lyricist John Perry Barlow; this book also includes cover songs and folk songs performed by the Dead.

</doc>
<doc id="5866712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866712" title="Mark Patterson (footballer born 1965)">
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1965)

Mark Patterson (born 24 May 1965 in Darwen, Blackburn, Lancashire) is an English former footballer who made nearly 500 appearances in the Football League playing as a midfielder for Blackburn Rovers, Preston North End, Bury, Bolton Wanderers, Sheffield United, Southend United and Blackpool. He went on to play, and then to manage, in non-League football.
Career.
Patterson used to be a midfielder playing for a number of clubs over a long career including: Blackburn Rovers, Preston North End, Bury, Bolton Wanderers, Sheffield United, Southend, Blackpool, Accrington Stanley, Rossendale and Scarborough. Patterson started his coaching career with Scarborough as player-coach and then assistant manager under Russell Slade. Since then he has managed several non-league clubs including Chorley, Darwen and Leigh RMI.
After the exit of Scarborough managagment duo Neil Redfearn and his assistant Eric Winstanley, in the 2006 close season, Patterson took over as manager. Due to injuries and a small playing squad Patterson, at the age of 41, had to register as a player and has sat on the bench. He left the club on 4 May 2007 by mutual consent, having failed to agree a new deal. He was assistant manager to Phil Starbuck at Hednesford Town until February 2008.
He is a qualified UEFA 'A' Licence coach, awarded in 2002, refreshed in 2007. Mark attended the FA Managers and Coaches course(2003) and has coached at the Bolton Wanderers Academy and at Wigan Athletic.
Currently Patterson is 1st team coach at Accrington Stanley (2010–11).

</doc>
<doc id="5866713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866713" title="Cyclone Rosita">
Cyclone Rosita

Severe Tropical Cyclone Rosita was a tropical cyclone that affected northern Australia from 15 April through 21 April 2000. Rosita was one of the most intense tropical cyclones to hit the west Kimberley coast in the last hundred years. Crossing the coast as a Category 5 about south of Broome on 20 April, Rosita caused severe damage in the Eco Beach resort and the vegetation around Broome. Its region of very destructive winds (gusts exceeding 170 km/h) passed south of Broome by only . Cyclone Rosita was the first cyclone to directly hit Broome since Cyclone Lindsay in March 1985.
Meteorological history.
A weak low in the Timor Sea formed on 14 April, initially moving west south-west and turned southward during 16 April and 17 April. The low slowly strengthened and was named Rosita on 17 April, while located approximately to the north of Port Hedland at about 6 p.m. WST (1000 UTC). On the morning of 18 April, a ship reported a relatively high pressure of 997 hPa while passing very close to the centre of Cyclone Rosita, however, near-storm-force winds were reported.
Rosita then entered a very favourable environment which allowed rapid development to occur. On 19 April, Rosita turned to the east-southeast and intensified rapidly to a Category 5 severe cyclone, with an estimated central pressure of 930 hPa. Wind gusts near the centre were estimated at about 290 km/h (180 mph). Rosita turned slightly to the southeast, crossing the coast at peak intensity, south of Broome at around 1 a.m. WST on 20 April (1700 UTC 19 April). Cyclone Rosita was a small cyclone, but nevertheless was very intense and powerful. Its radius of gale-force winds was just half the average for cyclones in Australia, and its core of very destructive winds extended just from its centre. This meant that Rosita’s region of very destructive winds missed Broome by only to the south. Once over land, Rosita accelerated to speeds of up to 30 km/h (19 mph) into the Great Sandy Desert, only weakening gradually. Rosita passed close to the community of Balgo at around 10 p.m. WST (1400 UTC) on 20 April, about from the coast. Rosita was still estimated to be at Category 1 intensity when it passed near the community. Rosita’s remnants continued to bring flooding rains to central Australia.
Preparations.
The Bureau of Meteorology predicted Rosita to hit near Broome at around midnight WST on 20 April (1600 UTC 19 April). Towns around the area were warned to prepare for one of the most powerful cyclones ever to threaten Australia. Very destructive winds with gusts to 260 km/h near the cyclone's centre were expected. Residents of coastal towns were warned to expect dangerous storm tides – local emergency officials said an 8 metre (26 ft) high tide was expected at that night. Tourists in the area were warned not to try to reach Broome. Chevron Australia said a tanker due to arrive on 18 April was asked to delay its arrival till 22 April because of the cyclone. Iron ore miners in Port Hedland and Dampier monitored Rosita's approach.
Blue Alert warnings, which indicate that a cyclone may affect the warning area within 48 hours, were issued for Cyclone Rosita on the morning on 19 April. They were upgraded to a Yellow Alert – an indication that a cyclone appears inevitable to affect the warning area in 12 hours – at 1 pm, then to a Red Alert – meaning the cyclone is imminent – at 8 pm. In general, residents were well informed of the warnings through the radio. Residents from the low-lying downtown areas evacuated to homes in more elevated locations. Two of the three available evacuation shelters were opened and co-ordinated by the Department of Family and Children's Services. 280 people took shelter in schools, while 78 residents from Bidyadanga were evacuated to Port Hedland or Broome. The people that stayed in the settlement sheltered in the church and family homes. Staff and guests at the Eco Beach tourist resort received warnings from Rosita early on 19 April and made a timely return to Broome before the cyclone hit.
Impact.
The largest impact occurred near the core of very destructive winds about south of Broome. The main homestead on the Thangoo station, to the south-southeast of Broome, received only minor structural damage, however the station was in the region of the dangerous storm surge. Reports from the Thangoo station, situated inland from coastal mangroves, showed that the station’s front gate had debris laid up to the second shoreline, about a metre (3.3 ft) above mean ground level. Another station homestead, west, was covered by coastal dunes but escaped major damage to its structure.
The most severe structural damage occurred near Cape Villaret, south-southwest of Broome. The Eco-beach tourist resort and the Yardoogarra station were devastated. The area around the homestead was totally devastated. A caravan parked nearby was blown away and crumbled, and a semi trailer was blown to its side. The vegetation, which used to be very lush, was stripped of all leaves by the destructive winds which carried airborne salt and sand. The damage to the vegetation seemed to be worse than the tree damage seen in Exmouth caused by Cyclone Vance in March 1999. About of fencing was pushed over, all windmills were destroyed, and about 200 head of cattle were lost, mostly due to drowning from the storm surge. However, the path of destruction to the vegetation was estimated to be just 15 to 20 km wide, reflecting Rosita's small size.
The Eco Beach tourist resort was only built to resist wind gusts of Category 3 strength. Only about 10 of the 40 accommodation huts were left standing. Some of the huts were removed from their concrete foundations, and were carried by the winds and smashed into other buildings. Showing how strong Rosita's winds were, a sea container weighing 2.5 tonnes (5500 lb) and filled with 2 to 3 tonnes (4400 to 6600 lb) of equipment was blown 700 m (0.4 mile) across sand dunes. The magnitude of the devastation to the vegetation in this area resembled a place being destroyed by bushfires.
In the town of Broome, the maximum wind gust recorded was 153 km/h (95 mph), recorded at the Broome aerodrome, as well as recording 163.8 mm (6.45 in) of rain for the 24 hours up to 9 a.m. WST (0100 UTC) on 20 April. Vegetation in this area were badly damaged, particularly the African Mahogany trees which were either snapped off or uprooted. Parts of Cable Beach were severely eroded. An area which used to be covered with sand was completely covered by rocks. The eastern side of Roebuck Bay had evidence of severe erosion of the coastal terrain. At Broome's only banana plantation, almost all crops were completely lost, with 10 out of 18,000 plants left surviving. Fortunately, most buildings in the town of Broome remained unharmed, although power supplies were cut to many parts of Broome for several days.
The Broome power station was initially shut down at approximately midnight on 20 April amid fears of damage to the power reticulation infrastructure.
Some damages to trees and property were reported in the community of Balgo Hills, located in the Great Sandy Desert approximately inland from the coast.
Aftermath.
The extended period of power outage was a major problem for the residents in Broome. Residents had to wait for days for the power supply to be restored. As all of the distribution lines were above ground, Broome was particularly vulnerable to power outages during cyclones. Linesmen from Western Power were called in from afar to inspect all high voltage distribution lines before these could be re-energised. Western Power inspectors were also flown in from around the state to commence disconnections of properties suspected to have suffered water intrusion. These properties had to be tested before having supply reconnected. The majority of residential properties had power restored back on 30 April, 11 days after Rosita struck. Television and radio were limited to transmissions from Perth, and this proved difficult to access information about any available supplies in the town. People had difficulties purchasing food and supplies because supermarkets were closed or had no power and there was no fresh produce arriving. However, power was restored a few days after the cyclone hit. There were only minor interruptions to the water and sewerage infrastructure.
The Western Australia State Emergency Service (SES) was responsible for responses relating to the damage from Rosita. SES workers worked to help the community recover, tarping damaged roofs and clearing debris from roads and around houses where it limited access from residents. Most work involved clearing vegetation from power lines to enable Western Power to begin repairs. Volunteers from other Western Australian cities and towns such as Perth, Bunbury, Karratha, Derby and Tom Price had arrived to assist with requests for help. During the recovery period, the SES earned huge public respect, and residents were pleased with the quick response of the SES.
The damage from Rosita made a large impact on the tourist industry. The time of impact happened just before the Easter and ANZAC Day Holiday period. Easter is considered to be the beginning of the tourist season, so it is usually expected that there will be an increase of visitors into Broome at this time. Many visitors delayed or cancelled their trips, and some cut short their holiday. Car hire companies that had been booked out for the holiday period had people returning vehicles early.
The impact of Rosita has alerted residents to prepare for any cyclones that may threaten the town in the future. Many people were surprised that Cyclone Rosita was going to hit, as cyclones are rare in Broome, and many thought the cyclone season was already over. However, many residents also thought that the cyclone's impact strengthened the community as a whole and "brought people closer together".
Retirement.
The name Rosita was removed from the official list of tropical cyclone names set out by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre in Perth. It was replaced with the name Robyn.

</doc>
<doc id="5866715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866715" title="Mafia comedy">
Mafia comedy

Mafia comedy films are a sub-genre hybrid of comedy films and crime/gangster films.
Mafia comedies revolve around the mafia and a comedic plot line, usually a chase or a complicated situation involving the Mafia. Examples of mafia comedies include: "The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight", "Johnny_Dangerously", Oscar", "The Whole Nine Yards", "Wise Guys", "Corky Romano", "The Freshman", "Jane Austen's Mafia!", "Analyze This", "Analyze That", and most recently, "You Kill Me". In addition, an Irish crime thriller, In Bruges, which stars Colin Farrell, is also considered to be a Mafia comedy.
Many Crime/Gangster films involve a lot of comedic moments, especially during witty conversations between gang members. This can be seen in such films as "Goodfellas", "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" and "Pulp Fiction".
A lot of the humour in such films is based upon the portrayal of gangsters as ordinary people. The perceived view of gangsters is that they are tough, serious, mysterious and often quite evil characters. So when a film portrays a side of normality to a gangster character, it can have a humorous effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5866730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866730" title="Esprit (magazine)">
Esprit (magazine)

Esprit is a French literary magazine. Founded in October 1932 by Emmanuel Mounier, it was the principal review of personalist intellectuals of the time. From 1957 to 1976, it was directed by Jean-Marie Domenach. Paul Thibaud directed it from 1977 to 1989. The philosopher Paul Ricœur often collaborated with it. "Esprit" is a member of the Eurozine network.
Personalism and the non-conformists.
In the 1930s, "Esprit" was the main mouthpiece of the Personalists and of the Non-conformists of the 1930s. A presentation of the magazine by its authors in 1933 stated that it opposed the "compromission" of spiritual values with the established order (which Mounier called "established disorder") and aimed at denouncing their "exploitation by the powers of Money, in the social regime, in the government, in the press, etc." "Esprit" opposed partial reforms and aimed at a global rebuilding of the basis of the social edifice. It targeted as opponents "individualist materialism", claiming that the "capitalist jungle was its ultimate product"; "collectivist materialism", which linked both Communism and Capitalism, despite their oppositions, in the "same metaphysics"; and the "false Fascist spiritualism," which seemed to share the same opponents, but in reality turned towards the "tyrannic idolatry of inferior spiritualities: racist exaltation, national passion, anonymous discipline, devotion to the state or the leader" or plain "safeguard of economic interests." The magazine posited itself for the "rebirth" of a "community of personalities," in opposing of both liberal individualism and collectivism, in one word, mass society:
"Tout homme, sans exception, a le droit et le devoir de développer sa personalité." (Any man, without exception, has the right and the duty to develop his personality.)
Post-War.
"Esprit" broke with part of its legacy following the Liberation of France, and involved itself in New Left movements. The review criticized the systemic use of torture during the Algerian War, publishing for examples articles by Pierre Vidal-Naquet. It would also influence in the 1970s the "Second Left," gathered around the Unified Socialist Party (PSU).

</doc>
<doc id="5866733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866733" title="Tutinama">
Tutinama

Tutinama, literal meaning "Tales of a Parrot", is a 14th-century Persian series of 52 stories. An illustrated version containing 250 miniature paintings was commissioned by the Mughal Emperor, Akbar in the later part of the 16th century. The work redacted in 14th century AD in Iran derives from an earlier anthology ‘Seventy Tales of the Parrot’ in Sanskrit compiled under the title Śukasaptati (a part of "katha" literature) dated to the 12th century AD. In Iran, as in India, parrots (in light of their purported conversational abilities) are popular as storytellers in works of fiction.
The adventure stories narrated by a parrot, night after night, for 52 successive nights, are moralistic stories to persuade his owner not to commit any adulterous act with any lover, in the absence of her husband. The illustrations embellishing the stories created during Akbar’s reign were created in a span of five years after Akbar ascended the throne, by two Iranian artists named Mir Sayyid Ali and Abdus Samad working in the court of the Mughal Emperor Akbar.
History.
The authorship of the text of the "Tutinama" is credited to Ziya'al-Din Nakhshabi or just Nakhshabi, an ethnic Persian physician and a Sufi saint who had migrated to Badayun, Uttar Pradesh in India in the 14th century, who wrote in the Persian language. He had translated and/or edited a classical Sanskrit version of the stories similar to "Tutinama" into Persian, around 1335 AD. It is conjectured that this small book of short stories, moralistic in theme, influenced Akbar during his formative years. It is also inferred that since Akbar had a harem (of women siblings, wives and women servants), the moralistic stories had specific orientation towards the control of women.
The two artists Mir Sayyid Ali and Abd al-Samad were invited by Humayun (1530–1540 AD) to teach this art to himself and to his son Akbar. Initially, the artists came to Kabul with Humayun (where he was in exile) and in later years shifted to Delhi when he won back his empire from the Suri Dynasty. The artists then moved to Fatehpur Sikri with the Mughal Emperor Akbar, where a huge workshop of artists were engaged in producing miniatures. This type of painting came to be known as Mughal painting, during Akbar's reign from 1556 to 1605 AD (when under Emperor Akbar’s leadership the Mughal empire became most powerful). Akbar provided personal patronage to promote this form of miniature paintings, not only through Iranian artists but also involved a large number of Indian artists who were also well versed in local styles of such miniature paintings that were produced in the imperial workshops. It thus developed as a unique blend of Indian, Persian and Islamic styles. Most of the paintings are now in the Cleveland Museum of Art; some are also in the British Library. This became the precursor for many more refined forms of Mughal miniature painting portfolios such as the Hamzanama (Adventures of Amir Hamza), Akbarnama (Book of Akbar), Jahangirnama (Tuzk-e-Jahangiri an autobiography of Mughal emperor Jahangir) and so forth, which were created during the reign of subsequent Moghul rulers (16th century to 19th century) as Mughal paintings, but also with distinct Indian, Hindu, Jain and Buddhist influences. The Mughal style covered mainly portraits of Mughal emperors, Queens, court scenes, hunting scenes, special ceremonies, battle scenes, love scenes and various activities of royal rulers. This format of miniatures was also widely adopted by Rajput and Malwa rulers.
Theme of the story.
The main narrator of the 52 stories of "Tutinama" is a parrot, who tells stories to his owner, a woman called Khojasta, in order to prevent her from committing any illicit affair while her husband (a merchant by the name Maimunis) is away on business. The merchant had gone on his business trip leaving behind his wife in the company of a mynah and a parrot. The wife strangles the mynah for advising her not to indulge in any illicit affair. The parrot, realising the gravity of the situation, adopts a more indirect approach of narrating fascinating stories over the next fifty-two nights. The stories are narrated every successive night for 52 nights as an entertaining episode to keep Khojasta's attention and distract her from going out.
A particular tale narrated by the parrot to rivet the attention of his mistress, as she is about to leave the house in the night, is also depicted in the 35th to 37th paintings in the illustrated version of the Tutinama. The story related by the parrot is of a Brahmin boy falling in love with a princess, considered a fated (doomed) situation. But a solution to this is provided by a magician friend of the Brahmin in the form of magic beads to help his friend to turn into a beautiful woman to seek entry into the palace to be with his loved one. The magician further facilitates the meeting of his friend with the king’s daughter by telling the King that the girl in question was his daughter-in-law. On seeking entry into the palace the Brahmin discloses his true identity to his adored princess. But a twist is introduced into the tale with the King’s son beholding a beautiful girl (the Brahmin in disguise) while taking bath in a pond falls in love with her. To avoid discovery of his true identity, the Brahmin runs away with the King’s daughter. The magician then appears before the King seeking return of his daughter-in-law. But the King realising the true state of the two missing girls, compensates the magician with rich gifts. The gifts are passed on by the magician to his Brahmin friend and his wife to enable them to lead a happy life. The parrot concludes the narration, towards day break, with the advice to Kojasta that she should also have everything in life including her husband.
Style of paintings.
It is said that the text of the Tutinama was written in Nasta'liq calligraphy style. But each of the paintings seen in various libraries across the world focus on a single topic or episode of the stories. The straightforwardness of expressions seen in the paintings is attributed to the influence of pre-Mughal paintings. Several portfolios of Tutinama are also stated to be similar to the Malwa manuscripts with illustrations (dated to 1439 AD) but with distinct perfection. The difference is traced to the tasteful colours in Tutinama paintings, which make it rich in colours with graded quality.
The popular dance form of Kathak, considered a combination of Indian and Persian forms, got a medium for display in the paintings of the Tutinama, the Akbarnama and the Tarrikh-e-Khandan-e-Timuria. In these paintings, men and women are shown wearing long flowing robes and high conical caps in standing positions. Even some paintings depicted two different groups of dancers. It is stated that 350 dancers, who were brought to Akbar’s court from Iran by force, probably represented the ancient traditions of dances of Iran. It is inferred that over the years, assimilation of the Persian and the Indian people took place and provided the backdrop for the present Kathak dance style in India.

</doc>
<doc id="5866734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866734" title="Dickeyville Historic District">
Dickeyville Historic District

The Dickeyville Historic District is a National Register of Historic Places-listed community located just inside the western edge of Baltimore City, Maryland near the intersection of Interstates 70 and 695 and adjacent to Kernan Hospital. A small community of about 140 homes and a historic mill, the village is on the banks of the Gwynns Falls and lies at the start of the Gwynns Falls Trail, a walking and biking trail that is part of the Chesapeake Bay Gateways Network. The village includes two main roads, Wetheredsville Road and Pickwick Road, and three smaller lanes, Hillhouse Road, Tucker Lane and Sekots Road.
History.
The village grew up along the banks of the Gwynns Falls from the late 17th century. Among the area's first settlers was Richard Gwin Gwynn, a Welshman who reputedly traded with the Algonquian Indians from 1672.
One of the first of many mills on the Gwynns Falls was built in the vicinity in 1719 by Peter Bond, Gwin's son-in-law. In 1762, a gristmill and stone house was built by Wimbert Tschudi, a Swiss mill owner, and what is believed to be the ruins of this mill may still be seen on the banks of the Gwynns Falls today. In 1779, Wimbert's son, Martin Tschudi, patented a nearby plot of land called Sly's Adventure. The Franklin Paper Mill followed in the early 19th century, giving its name, Franklinville, to the village. In 1829, three enterprising brothers, John, George, and Charles Wethered, converted the Franklin Paper Mill to the manufacture of woolen cloth. The brothers also built the Ashland Mill on the east side of the village, in addition to some 30 stone houses for workers, a church and a school, and named the village "Wetheredsville". John Wethered was elected to the United States Congress as a Whig from 1843 to 1845.
In 1871, the Wethereds sold the property to William J. Dickey, whose family came from the market town of Ballymena in the north of Ireland. He paid $82,000 for , three mills and many of the houses in the village.
Under Dickey, the village again prospered and expanded. Many new homes were constructed for the millhands, a Presbyterian church and a manse were built, and a village store, owned by Dickey, sold everything from buggy whips to licorice sticks. On his death in 1896, the name of the village was changed from Wetheredsville to Dickeyville. The Dickey family sold out to the Glasgow Mills in 1909, but with the decline of the textile business, work in the mills became harder to get. The Glasgow Mills closed and the formerly prosperous Dickeyville became a shanty town with a reputation for crime and low life.
In 1934, the Dickey properties, which included much of the village of 81 homes, three mills and the Wethered-Dickey mansion on nearby Forest Park Avenue (the mansion has since been demolished) was sold at auction for $42,000. A local development company embarked upon the restoration of the properties. They decided that the old buildings should be preserved and only the totally unstable would be demolished. The buildings that remained might be redesigned and modernized but in such a way as to preserve their historic character. New homes must blend in unobtrusively with the old. These requirements are initially overseen by the Dickeyville Community Association, a homeowners group formed in 1938.
The Village was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1968.
Notable buildings.
The red house at 5131 Wetheredsville Road (built c. 1850) was the home of Billy Ware, a union soldier who was a flag-bearer at Gettysburg during the Civil War. The stone house at 5123 Wetheredsville Road (built c. 1810) was the home of Enos Humphreys, one of the founders of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows (I.O.O.F.). One of the earliest meeting halls of that fraternal organization is still extant at 2412 Pickwick Road. The Presbyterian church 5116 Wetheredsville was founded in the 1870s and built in 1885. 5111 Wetheredsville was the home of the Ashland Mill superintendent. The springhouse and carriage house that served the property still exist at 2309 and 2305 Pickwick (respectively).
5107 Wetheredsville was built around 1810 and was, for many years, the home of the village lamplighter. The large home at 5101 Wetheredsville is the Mechanics Hall and was built in 1897 as a lodge for the Junior Order of American Mechanics, a union and fraternal organization. The building served as a village meeting hall, a concert hall for vaudeville and minstrel shows, and Madame Jolly's Waxworks, a show based on Madame Tussauds Waxworks in London before conversion to a private residence. A stage and footlights still grace one end of the main hall. Ashland Chapel, in the center of the village at 2331 Pickwick Road, was built on land given by the mill-owning Wethered family in 1849 as a house of worship for mill workers. The chapel, with its plain interior and lack of a slave gallery, became the Methodist Church. the small garden shed at one end of the property was originally a trolley stop. 5029 Wetheredsville (c. 1850) served as a home of the cow for the village dairy and a glove factory. 5027 Wetheredsville is more recent (built in the 1940s) but is known as "Little Mount Vernon" as it was designed to emulate that famous home.
5023 Wetheredsville was built in 1835 and served as the village apothecary and then as a candy store. The smaller homes at each end were built by the storekeeper for his newly married sons. 5016 Wetheredsville was the home of one of the mill-owning Wethereds; next door is the village dispensary and doctor's home, both built around 1840. The open area opposite 5017 was a trolley stop on the old Lorraine streetcar line, the railings are still visible. The nearby home at 5010 was built in 1810 for the Cherry Cough Syrup Co and later served as a tavern and a garage. 5008 Wetheredsville, built around 1865, was originally the village school. The last house on Wetheredsville road is 4901, built in 1865 for the Ashland superintendent, the grounds include the historic location of the Tschudi home. Martin Tshudi founded the first mill in the area around 1762. The graves of his wife and daughter can still be found on the hill. The Ballymena Mill (formerly the Ashland Mill) anchors this end of the village where Wetheredsville Road becomes a hiking and biking trail. The old woolen mill, built c. 1830, now houses commercial tenants.
2322 Pickwick was the home of the village shopkeeper, the old streetcar line ran inches from the corner of the home. 2332 Pickwick (c. 1832) is said to have been an Officers' Quarters at Fort McHenry before the home was moved to Dickeyville. The four-story rubblestone homes at 2411 and 2407 Pickwick date from c. 1860. 2405 Pickwick ( c. 1860) was the village store. The second floor was meeting room for the YWCA. 2415 and 2417 Pickwick date from about 1870 while 2407 and 2411 date from around 1860. 2412 was built in 1853 for one of the first IOOF lodges in the U.S. There was a tin shop in the basement. Later, it became a general store, with a Post Office and gas station. The one-story extension to the right was the pharmacy.
2423 Pickwick, built in the General Grant style in 1872, was restored as a studio by noted Baltimore muralist R. McGill Mackall in 1932. He built a complete two-story house inside so that he could live here as well as work. The house has been occupied ever since by artists. The present owner, sculptor Barry Johnston, displays some of his bronze sculptures in the back yard. 2433 Pickwick (c.1875) was the home of Malcolm Moos, an advisor to President Dwight Eisenhower and reportedly had a direct telephone link to the White House. 2435 was built as a mill office in 1840. It also housed the village jail where offenders could be locked up in a windowless room on the first floor. In 1899, Teddy Roosevelt spoke from the wooden front steps (the main entrance to the building, now demolished). 2500 Pickwick is believed to date to 1790 and some say began as an Indian trading post. Known as "The Old Stone Row," the building served as millworker housing.
Current events.
The Dickeyville Community Association, the Dickeyville Garden Club and the Dickeyville Poker Club maintain an active schedule of community events. Most noteworthy is the Fourth of July celebration that includes a parade around Ashland Chapel and a dinner-dance on Pickwick Road. A Halloween Bonfire night, Christmas caroling and other holiday events occur through the course of the year. The Garden Club hosts frequent lectures and meetings while the Poker Club continues its own, more recent, tradition of late night poker sessions. The village should not be confused with the "other" Dickeyville; Dickeyville, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="5866740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866740" title="Lahti Symphony Orchestra">
Lahti Symphony Orchestra

The Lahti Symphony Orchestra ("Sinfonia Lahti") is a Finnish orchestra, based in the city of Lahti. It was founded in 1910 and placed under the control of the Lahti municipality in 1949. In Finland the orchestra performs in the Sibelius Hall, while it also performs abroad in concert halls and festivals. Kalevi Aho was appointed composer-in-residence for the orchestra in 1992, and they have recorded many of his recent works. 
Past chief conductors of the orchestra have included Ulf Söderblom (1985-1988). Osmo Vänskä became principal guest conductor of the orchestra in 1985, and chief conductor in 1988. During his tenure, he and the orchestra have achieved wide acclaim, particularly with performances and recordings of Sibelius. Other recordings by Vänskä and the orchestra include music of Robert Kajanus and Einojuhani Rautavaara. Vänskä concluded his tenure as Chief Conductor in 2008 and became Conductor Laureate of the orchestra.
Jukka-Pekka Saraste served as artistic advisor to the orchestra from August 2008 to July 2011. In April 2009, the orchestra announced the appointment of Okko Kamu as its next chief conductor, as of the autumn of 2011, after the conclusion of Saraste's scheduled tenure as artistic advisor. Kamu's initial contract was through the spring of 2014. In November 2012, the orchestra announced the extension of Kamu's contract through the end of July 2016. 
Sources.
BIS liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5866744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866744" title="International Business Companies Act">
International Business Companies Act

The International Business Companies Act, 1984 was a statute of the British Virgin Islands which permitted the incorporation of International Business Companies (IBCs) within the Territory. The Act played in a huge role in the economic and financial development of the Territory in the 1990s. It has been called "" the most important piece of legislation in BVI history since the emancipation"".
The original Act was copied widely by other offshore financial centres.
Enactment.
The Act was drafted principally by five people: Lewis Hunte, the then Attorney General of the British Virgin Islands; Neville Westwood, Michael Riegels and Richard Peters, who were partners at the law firm, Harneys; and Paul Butler, a partner from the U.S. law firm of Shearman & Sterling. The Act was subsequently amended several times, but most significantly in 1990.
The Act was passed in a partial response to the cancellation by the U.S. government of a double taxation relief treaty between the British Virgin Islands and the United States. The British Virgin Islands was not alone in this regard; this was part of a policy of mass-repeal by the United States of double tax relief treaties with "microstates".
Despite the British Virgin Islands being an English common law jurisdiction, the Act drew heavily upon elements of Delaware corporate law. This reflected the market for British Virgin Islands companies prior to the repeal of the double-tax treaty. The essence of the Act was that a company incorporated under that legislation was prohibited from conducting business with people resident within the Territory (i.e. it was for International Business), and in exchange the company was exempt from all forms of British Virgin Islands taxation and stamp duty.
Parts of the Act were quite radical for the time. The Act abolished the concept of "ultra vires" for companies, considerably restricted the requirement for corporate benefit, it permitted companies to change their corporate domicile from one jurisdiction to another, it allowed "true merger" of two different corporate entities, and introduced the concept of voting trusts to the jurisdiction. 
The Act was passed into law by the Territory's legislature on 15 August 1984 where Chief Minister Cyril Romney hailed it as the most important legislation of the decade.
Growth.
Initially, market response to the legislation was slow, but by 1988 a steady core of incorporation work was evident. However, in 1990 the U.S. invaded Panama and arrested General Manuel Noriega. At the time, Panama had been one of the market leaders in the provision of offshore companies. However, the invasion badly shook investor confidence in Panama, and incorporations in the British Virgin Islands under the Act soared from 1991 onwards.
From 1991 the Act was remarkably successful generating large numbers of incorporations. The Companies Registry in the Territory had to be expanded twice to cope with the volume of incorporations. The Act was then copied widely by other Caribbean offshore financial centres.
Despite its American focus, the key market for IBCs incorporated within the Territory developed in Hong Kong. Use of British Virgin Islands IBCs became so ubiquitous in Hong Kong, that in commercial jargon offshore companies generally were generically referred to there as "BVIs".
In 2000, KPMG were commissioned by the British Government to produce a report on the offshore financial industry generally, and the report indicated that nearly 41% of the offshore companies in the world were formed in the British Virgin Islands, making the British Virgin Islands one of the world's leading offshore financial centres. As a direct result the Territory has one of the highest incomes per capita in the Caribbean.
Source: British Virgin Islands Financial Services Commission
Repeal.
In 1999, a series of international initiatives were commenced against tax havens by supra-national bodies such as the OECD, including an initiative against what was termed "unfair tax competition". One of the concerns of the OECD was that jurisdictions such as the British Virgin Islands had a "ring fenced" tax regime, whereby companies could be incorporated under the International Business Companies Act which could not actually trade in the Territory, but would also be exempt from most British Virgin Islands taxes. After a series of discussions, the British Virgin Islands government agreed to repeal the ring-fencing provisions in its tax legislation.
Because of the sheer volume of companies involved, the transition to a new legislative framework was accomplished over a two year transition period. To protect the offshore business, the British Virgin Islands abolished both income tax and stamp duty on all transactions except those relating to land in the Territory. Then the government enacted the BVI Business Companies Act (No 16 of 2004). The slightly cumbersome name was designed to slightly reflect the name of the earlier statute and cash-in on the "IBC brand" which had grown under the former legislation. From 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2005 the two Acts ran in parallel, and it was possible to incorporate a company under either form of legislation. from 1 January 2006 until 31 December 2006, one could no longer incorporate a company under the International Business Companies Act, and all new incorporations had to be conducted under the BVI Business Companies Act. During 2006 detailed transitional provisions were enacted to allow companies formed under the old legislation to adapt to the new legislation without having to significantly amend their constitutional documents.
The International Business Companies Act was then finally repealed in full on 31 December 2006.
A special arrangement between the BVI government and one of the key trust companies in the Territory meant that the last company incorporated under the Act was named "The Last IBC Limited". It was company number 690583.

</doc>
<doc id="5866749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866749" title="George Connelly">
George Connelly

George Connelly (born 1 March 1949) is a Scottish former international footballer who played professionally with Celtic and Falkirk.
Career.
Born in Fife, Connelly was a technically accomplished footballer, who could play with distinction anywhere in the outfield, although his most common positions were left half and inside forward. He signed for Celtic from Tulliallan Juniors in March 1966 and as a teenager was noted for his fine ball control. This was first publicly displayed when he was sent out to entertain the crowd at Parkhead before a European tie later that year. He was considered by many to have the potential to be a world class player – as influential in British football as Beckenbauer was in the German game.
Having broken into the first team in 1968, Connelly is remembered primarily for two goals. Just before half time in the 1969 Scottish Cup Final against Rangers, he coolly dispossessed John Greig on the edge of the box, evaded the Rangers' skipper's recovery attempt, rounded the goalkeeper before slipping the ball into the empty net. This goal made it 3–0 to Celtic and ended any hopes of a Rangers revival.
In 1970, in a game that was referred to by the contemporary media as the football "Battle of Britain", he scored for Celtic in a 1–0 win against the English champions Leeds United. His first-minute strike in the first leg of the Champions' Cup semi final at Elland Road helped Celtic progress to their second European Cup final, against Feyenoord.
Retirement.
Connelly was earmarked as the natural successor to Billy McNeill at the heart of the Celtic defence and most likely as captain too. In all probability, the same destiny beckoned in the Scottish national team. However, a series of personal problems that have never been fully publicised led to him periodically disappearing from Celtic Park. After the fifth such walk-out in 1975 he didn't return. In a recent interview he has claimed that his poor wage at Celtic was the main reason for his eventual Parkhead departure.
In a recent book he also pointed at how unhappy he was with his marriage at the time as another factor. The fact Tommy Docherty approached him to sign for Manchester United, which he rejected as 'fitba' just was not in his head at the time, shows it was not only a case of money. The set of players who George came through with were known as the Quality Street gang. This group included among them Kenny Dalglish, David Hay, Lou Macari, Danny McGrain and Jimmy Quinn. When David Hay left the club in 1974 he did not feel as comfortable at the club he loves which will have been another deciding factor in walking away from his life at Celtic.
In nine years with the Glasgow club Connelly made 254 first team appearances, scored 13 goals and won two Scotland caps, in 1974. He played for Falkirk for three months in 1976 then reverted to Junior status with Sauchie. During this time he worked as a taxi-driver.
He returned to Celtic Park for the first time since his walk out to do the half time draw during the AC Milan fixture in 2006 in the UEFA Champions League second round. This is somewhat of a mirror image to his first appearance at Celtic Park where he was the half time show at the age of 16.
Legacy.
Though long since retired from the game, the fame of George Connelly's football skills still prompts articles in the press lamenting the loss to Scottish football of such a talent and contrasting how he lives now to what might have been on the international football stage.

</doc>
<doc id="5866760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866760" title="Snatch theft">
Snatch theft

Snatch theft is a criminal act, common in Southeast Asia and South America, of forcefully stealing from a pedestrian's person while employing rob-and-run tactics. It is typical for two thieves to work together and ride a moped to make theft and escape easier. A person steers the vehicle while another does the act of theft itself. However, some snatch thieves work alone or do not use a motorcycle to rob.
A growing problem in Malaysia, some instances of snatch theft have caused fatalities, when the person holding onto the handbag has been dragged by the motorbike, or through subsequent acts of violence. This, combined with the apparent lack of police control over crime, has prompted outrage among its citizens enough to take justice into their own hands in apprehending thieves.
In Argentina this form of robbery has seen an increase rate of 118% between the years 2008 and 2009, possibly because motorbikes have become a lot cheaper and more accessible to the public. In this country the perpetrators are called "motochorros", which is a neologism originated from the words "moto"(motorcycle) and "chorro"(vulgar term for thief).

</doc>
<doc id="5866761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866761" title="Alvega e Concavada">
Alvega e Concavada

Alvega e Concavada is a civil parish in the municipality of Abrantes, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes Alvega and Concavada. The population in 2011 was 2,152, in an area of 75.86 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5866778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866778" title="Mouriscas">
Mouriscas

Mouriscas is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 1,946 inhabitants and a total area of 34.98 km².
The parish stands in the north bank of the Tagus River and borders the parishes of Concavada, Pego and Alferrarede. It also borders the Mação Municipality and Sardoal Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5866795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866795" title="Midland Mills">
Midland Mills

Midland Mills is a former flax mill on Silver Street in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire.
History.
John Jubb built the first mill on the site in 1793 but sold his business and mill in the early 19th century. The new owner took advantage of the expansion of the flax spinning industry in the Holbeck area by diversifying into the manufacture of textile machinery. This machinery was sold to local and national mills, including the mills of Leeds entrepreneur Benjamin Gott. The mills changed ownership a few year later when the owners moved to premises on Meadow Lane, selling the Midland Mills site to the Drabble Brothers who were in the employment of John Marshall at the same time as Matthew Murray. Drabble Brothers continued to manufacture textile machinery and also patented designs for cart axles until a disagreement between the two brothers saw their firm go bankrupt in 1812.
Taylor and Wordsworth, two employees of the Drabble brothers, bought the site in 1812 and established Taylor, Wordsworth and Co. By the early 1850s both Taylor and Wordsworth had died but the company continued to trade under the same name but under new management. In the 1930s Platts bought the factory, Platts soon became the largest textile machine-makers in the world, employing over 15,000 people. Unfortunately the economic turbulence of the 1980s caused recession and the decline of manufacturing in the UK. The factory ceased trading in 1981 and Platts followed in 1982. The closure of Midland Mills marked the end of the textile industry in Leeds.
Present.
Since 1981 Midland Mills has been divided into industrial units. Most of these have been used for light industrial work. Midland Mills is situated in the Holbeck Urban Village regeneration area.

</doc>
<doc id="5866796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866796" title="Solfa">
Solfa

Solfa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866800" title="Trumpington">
Trumpington

Trumpington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5866803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866803" title="Martinchel">
Martinchel

Martinchel is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 713 inhabitants and a total area of 17.10 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5866814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866814" title="Harry Pitt">
Harry Pitt

Sir Harry Raymond Pitt FRS (3 June 1914 – 8 October 2005) was a British mathematician.
Harry Raymond Pitt was born in West Bromwich in 1914, the son of Harry and Harriet Pitt. He attended King Edward's School, Stourbridge, before going up to Peterhouse, Cambridge.
From 1936 to 1939 he held a Fellowship at Peterhouse, during which period he spent about a year at Harvard as a Choate Memorial Fellow. He was awarded a PhD by Cambridge University in 1938 for research on Tauberian theorems, giving him a long-term interest in probability theory.
In 1942 Pitt went to work in London at the Air Ministry and the Ministry of Aircraft Production.
In 1945 Harry Pitt was appointed Professor of Mathematics at Queen's University of Belfast. In 1950 he moved to the University of Nottingham as Professor of Pure Mathematics. In 1962–63 he once more crossed the Atlantic to serve as a visiting professor at Yale University. 
In 1964 Pitt was appointed Vice-Chancellor of the University of Reading, in which post he remained until 1978. 
Pitt was at Reading University during the student rebellion of 1968. In one well-publicised incident, he and the registrar were taken hostage by students and locked in a building on the campus. But he had anticipated this possibility and was able to escape using a spare set of keys. 
Between 1975 and 1978 Pitt served as chairman of the Universities Central Council on Admissions, and between 1984 and 1985 he was President of the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications, the association of practising mathematicians. 
Pitt was awarded honorary degrees by the universities of Aberdeen (1970), Nottingham (1970), Reading (1978), and Belfast (1981). He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1957 and was knighted in 1978. 

</doc>
<doc id="5866816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866816" title="Internationalist Review">
Internationalist Review

The Internationalist Review is an independent, non-profit e-journal founded on July 3, 2006, in Maastricht, Netherlands. The IR wants to be in its own words "a reader-friendly guide to news sources from around the world". Its aim is to overcome the national partition of the public sphere and create an "espace publique mondial". The style of publications is clearly inspired by academic methods and standards. 
The first board of directors of the Internationalist Review Foundation consisted of seven members, including five different nationalities. The first published dossier dealt with the anti-CPE crisis in France. An on-line Review was maintained until 2008. The organisation is registered as a non-profit foundation under Dutch law at the Chamber of Commerce in The Hague and under Belgian law in Brussels (registry number 0879.791.987). 
Since 2008, the Internationalist Review Foundation (or simply Internationalist Foundation) diversified its activities, notably by organising the European Master Thesis Award in cooperation with Maastricht University and the large-scale research project INFOCON, financed under the Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Development of the European Commission. 

</doc>
<doc id="5866821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866821" title="John Anderson Barstow">
John Anderson Barstow

John Anderson Barstow MC (2 May 1893 – 3 January 1941) was a British Army officer, the brother of Major General Arthur Edward Barstow and son of Lieut.Col. Thomas Adam Anderson Barstow of the Seaforth Highlanders and Jane Cape Barstow.
John Barstow was born 2 May 1893 and died 3 January 1941. He was commissioned into the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, transferred to the Black Watch in May 1916. He was awarded the Military Cross on 3 June 1916. On 10 June 1919 he married Nancy Sinclair Wemyss and they had a son and daughter: Michael Thomas Barstow and Lois Edith Barstow.
Between the First and Second World War he was a staff officer in India and on the Imperial General Staff as well as serving with the 1st Battalion of the Black Watch.
During the Second World War he commanded the 69th Infantry Brigade. He died soon after leaving command of the 69th Brigade at the age of forty seven and is buried at Edrom Parish Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5866828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866828" title="Spirit of Progress">
Spirit of Progress

The Spirit of Progress was the premier express train passenger service on the Victorian Railways in Australia, running from Melbourne to the New South Wales border at Albury, and later through to Sydney.
Route.
From its introduction in November 1937 until April 1962 the train service ran on broad gauge line from Melbourne's Spencer Street Station to Albury, on the New South Wales – Victorian border, where passengers changed to a New South Wales Government Railways train (the Melbourne Limited Express), running on standard gauge track to complete the journey to Sydney. Following the completion of the standard gauge line between Melbourne and Albury in April 1962 the "Spirit of Progress" was extended to Sydney.
Broad gauge service (1937–1962).
The "Spirit of Progress" ushered in a standard of passenger train speed and comfort not previously seen in Australia. Its introduction in November 1937 marked the culmination of many years of preparatory work by Victorian Railways, from the laying of heavier rail on the North East line, introduction of Automatic Staff Exchange apparatus to allow continuous high speed running between track sections, introduction of high-powered three-cylinder Pacific locomotives, and the testing of air conditioning equipment on passenger rolling stock. Such was the commitment of VR Chief Commissioner Harold W Clapp to introducing a world-class train service to Victorian Railways, virtually no detail was overlooked. VR engineers famously road-tested the new train's smoothness on curves by studying a full bowl of soup in the dining car as the train took curves at full speed; if the soup splashed over the side of the bowl a decision would be taken whether to modify the curve for higher speeds or reduce the speed limit for the curve. Harold Clapp could not, however, take credit for the name for the service; when discussing with his wife his proposed "Royal Victorian" name (inspired by the LMS "Royal Scot"), Mrs Clapp suggested, on the spur of the moment, "Spirit of Progress".
Design and innovation.
When introduced, the train featured many innovations new to Australian railway practice, such as streamlining, full air-conditioning, and all-steel carriage construction. Its overall exterior and interior design reflected the latest Art Deco style, and interior fittings used materials such as stainless steel and native Australian blackwood veneers. The luxurious new train also featured a dining car with a modern galley kitchen modelled after the most up-to-date hospital kitchens of the period and, at the rear, a round-ended parlour/observation car offering panoramic views of the Victorian countryside as it disappeared into the distance.
Motive power.
VR's three-cylinder S class 4-6-2 steam locomotives were assigned to haul the train, which typically had an eleven-car trailing load of , over the 1 in 50 gradients between Melbourne and Albury. Although these locomotives had been in service since 1928, their appearance was dramatically altered with the addition of streamlining and royal blue and gold livery designed to seamlessly match the train carriages. The locomotives were also equipped with long range tenders with enough water and coal capacity to enable the train to travel the entire journey between Albury and Melbourne non-stop at an average speed of , a schedule that was the longest non-stop train journey in Australia and held the record for the next twenty years as the fastest. Until the conversion of the S class locomotives to oil firing (which commenced from February 1951) the locomotive fireman was charged with the formidable task of shovelling six to seven tons of coal into the firebox during the course of each journey in order to generate enough power to maintain the schedule.
Launch.
The "Spirit of Progress" was launched on 17 November 1937 in a blaze of publicity, which included dramatic footage being taken of the new train racing Airco DH.4 aeroplane VH-UBZ "Spirit of Melbourne" on its demonstration run to the Victorian city of Geelong. In an elaborate launch ceremony at Spencer Street Station, Premier Albert Dunstan opened the Parlor Car with a gold key.
Three hundred invited guests joined the train for the inaugural run, ranging from Attorney-General of Australia former Railways Minister Robert Menzies to Mr AO Henty, descendant of Edward Henty, the Victorian pioneer after whom the train's locomotive was named. The train reached against a headwind on the Down journey to Geelong, and on the return leg reached a new official Australian rail speed record of between Werribee and at Laverton before speed was cut to avoid stray livestock on an unprotected level crossing.
While not officially acknowledged, the steam-hauled "Spirit of Progress" is reported on occasion to have reached speeds as high as while in regular service. Flaman speed recorder paper tape records were taken for every journey.
Regular service.
After the successful launch of the service, the train settled into a routine that remained relatively unchanged for the next fifteen years. It departed Spencer Street Station at 18:30 each evening, arriving at Albury at 22:20. As well as cleaning of carriages and servicing of the locomotive, staff would also reverse the train back across the Murray River bridge to a turning triangle at Wodonga. This ensured that the locomotive and parlour car were facing in the correct direction for the return trip to Melbourne, which departed at 07:55 the following morning and arrived at Spencer Street Station at 11:35. At Melbourne, the train was turned using a balloon loop.
After a year in service, the train was credited with having increased patronage to 209,000 passengers, an increase of 28,000 or 15% over the number carried by the "Sydney Limited" in its last year of operation. By 22 November 1939, annual patronage had increased again to 222,371.
A 1:7 scale model of "Spirit of Progress" rolling stock made up part of the Australian Travel Exhibit at the 1939 New York World's Fair.
Typical consist of steam-hauled "Spirit of Progress".
When the "Spirit of Progress" began service in November 1937, it ran the following consist:
An additional first class car and a bulk mail van (later classed "DS") were built in April 1938. One second class car was removed from the standard consist to make way for the mail van. This left one spare sitting car of each class.
From 1941 the "Spirit" was occasionally hauled by VR's H class 4-8-4 locomotive in the event of one of the S class locomotives not being available. Although the H class was limited to a maximum 60 mph (96 km/h) top speed, its superior performance climbing steep gradients along the route reportedly compensated for its reduced top speed enabling it to maintain the timetable.
Conversion to diesel-electric power.
From 1952 deliveries of B class diesel locomotives commenced and the new locomotives quickly proved their superiority to steam traction in availability, reliability, and cost-effectiveness of operation. Following successful trials, the B class locomotives replaced the S class locomotives on the "Spirit of Progress" roster from April 1954. None of the iconic streamlined steam locomotives were saved for preservation, all were withdrawn and scrapped by September 1954.
From 1956 some key changes to the consist occurred. VR and the New South Wales Government Railways introduced a new daylight connecting service between Melbourne and Sydney, the "Intercapital Daylight", and the Parlor Car was removed from the "Spirit" and transferred to the new day train. At the same time, VR introduced open, "saloon" style "Z" class carriages which later began to supplement the original compartment carriages of 1937 in the "Spirit" consist.
From 1957 onwards the "Spirit of Progress" was hauled by the new S class diesel locomotives which inherited the class designation from the previous steam locomotives. The first four carried over the names and numbers of the former S class steam locomotives.
The train remained popular through the 1950s. By the time Victorian Railways celebrated the 21st anniversary of the introduction of the "Spirit of Progress" with a birthday cake for passengers on the 23 November 1958 service, the train was still carrying 200,000 passengers per year.
Standard gauge service (1962–1986).
Following the completion of the standard gauge line between Melbourne and Albury in April 1962, the "Spirit of Progress" began running through to Sydney. To operate a service each night in each direction two train consists were formed. Only the guard's vans from the original 1937 set were transferred to the standard gauge the rest of the stock having been built in 1955-62.
The final run of the broad gauge "Spirit of Progress" and the inaugural run of the standard gauge service saw a brief return of steam power on the train. Veteran A2 class locomotives A2 995 and A2 996 hauled the final broad gauge "Spirit" from Seymour to Melbourne on 16 April 1962. When the inaugural standard gauge "Spirit of Progress" from Melbourne reached Albury, the VR diesel locomotive was detached and NSWGR C38 class 4-6-2s 3830 and 3813 completed the journey to Sydney.
Secondary role.
From April 1962 the "Spirit"'s role as the premier train on the route was usurped by the new stainless steel, all-sleeping car limited stops express, the "Southern Aurora". The "Spirit of Progress" now stopped at intermediate stations not served by the "Aurora", such as Goulburn.
The "Spirit of Progress" conveyed a through car between Melbourne and Canberra, three days per week in each direction from April 1962 until March 1975. The through carriage was detached at Goulburn and conveyed to Canberra attached to a mixed train.
The "Spirit" could no longer be considered a high-speed train service, with a timetabled 13 hour 45 minute journey from Melbourne to Sydney. It had also effectively ceased being a streamliner when hood unit X class diesels began hauling it after 1966, and rolling stock such as sleeping cars and power vans from other trains with different liveries began to appear in consists.
The sitting car compartment style accommodation offered by the "Spirit of Progress", while exceptionally comfortable by 1937 standards for a 3¾ hour journey to Albury, was less than luxurious by 1962 standards for a 13¾ hour overnight journey to Sydney. Key features of the original "Spirit of Progress" consist, including the dining car and observation car, were not included in the new standard gauge service, decreasing its amenity and prestige.
Typical consist of 1970s "Spirit of Progress".
The following consist was recorded for a "Spirit of Progress" service that arrived in Melbourne on 30 April 1977:
Demise.
With declining passenger numbers it was decided to combine the Spirit of Progress and Southern Aurora into one train, the unimaginatively named Sydney/Melbourne Express. The "Spirit of Progress" ran for the last time on 2 August 1986. V/Line rostered S301 "Sir Thomas Mitchell" to haul the last journeys in Victoria.
It is perhaps a measure of the high standard of speed set by the "Spirit" in 1937 that even 77 years later, the fastest NSW TrainLink XPT service between Melbourne and Albury at 3 hours 20 minutes, is only 20 minutes faster than the timetabled 3 hour 40 minute journey time of the 1937 steam-hauled "Spirit of Progress" service.
Much of the original "Spirit of Progress" rolling stock remained in use on regular long distance intrastate service for VR and its successor V/Line, and for a period of time the private rail operator West Coast Railway. It is perhaps a measure of the high standard of the "Spirit of Progress" rolling stock that the last of the "BS" class of compartment cars was only retired by V/Line in July 2006, almost 69 years after their introduction, and with a boom in V/Line patronage a set comprising five BS carriages was re-introduced to service from September 2007 before being withdrawn in August 2010.
Commemorative services.
A number of special commemorative runs of the "Spirit of Progress" have operated since the end of the regular train service.
To mark the 50th anniversary of the first train, a commemorative train organised by the Australian Railway Historical Society ran on 14 November 1987. With the original 1937 S type carriages still in regular service with V/Line (and painted in V/Line's tangerine livery) the 50th anniversary train instead consisted of the last remaining set of air-conditioned blue and gold E type carriages then operated by V/Line, hauled by Victorian Railways R class R707, with Parlor Car "Norman" the only vehicle in the train from the original "Spirit of Progress" consist.
For the 60th anniversary, on 22 November 1997 a commemorative service ran, running in a mix of liveries with nine S type carriages from West Coast Railway and V/Line, and two S class diesels hauling the train.
For the 70th anniversary VicTrack, the Department of Infrastructure, and the Victorian Government funded the restoration of the remaining carriages for use on a special train. Eight original carriages were assembled; and Parlor Car, Dining Car, brake van 1 CS, and diesel locomotives B74 and S303 were repainted into VR livery. The Seymour Railway Heritage Centre operated train ran from Melbourne to Albury on 25 November 2007.
Legacy.
In 2007 the new Hume Highway bridge built over the Murray River as part of the Albury bypass was named the "Spirit of Progress" in recognition of the former train service.
Further reading.
"Half a Century of Spirit of Progress", Buckland, John, Australian Railway Historical Society Bulletin, November 1987, pp. 241–247

</doc>
<doc id="5866848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866848" title="Saint-Tropez Games">
Saint-Tropez Games

Saint-Tropez Games is a popular TV show broadcast in Italy, Romania, Russia and Ukraine. It is presented by Dan Negru.

</doc>
<doc id="5866850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866850" title="NightRide">
NightRide

NightRide is a network of bus routes in operation between midnight and 05:00 in Sydney, Australia. The eleven routes are run by private bus operators and allow for a nightly shutdown of the Sydney Trains commuter rail network. Established by the New South Wales Ministry of Transport and monitored by Transport for NSW, NightRide has been in operation since June 1989. It is designed to provide for track maintenance, lower running costs and improved customer safety. Prior to the introduction of NightRide, trains on the Sydney commuter network had run on a 24-hour basis, although at much lower frequencies during NightRide hours than at other times.
Most services run from George Street outside Town Hall railway station. The NightRide network closely mirrors the Sydney Trains network, with allowances made for the fact that major roads and railway lines often follow quite different alignments.
Sydney Trains tickets are valid on NightRide services, provided they are a Return ticket or higher (Single journey tickets are not valid). Prior to 14 April 2014, single (one-way) tickets may also be purchased from the driver. This has been changed to align with MyBus fare structure. This means MyBus tickets and Opal cards (only when enabled) have to be used on single journey NightRide services. N100 is free when boarding at King's Cross citybound.
NightRide buses operate between midnight and 04:30 on a 30-minute frequency on Saturday and Sunday mornings, and hourly on other nights. Sydney Trains services operate all other times. Bus drivers may set-down passengers at local bus stops on route between designated NightRide stops.
NightRide network.
The following routes that run on the Nightride network include:
NightRide services N61 and N71 commenced on 23 October 2011.
Discontinued routes.
Wolli Creek and St Peters were also previously serviced by NightRide services N10 and N11.

</doc>
<doc id="5866868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866868" title="German submarine U-303">
German submarine U-303

German submarine "U-303" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. She saw service in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, and sank one freighter of 5,000 tons in her three short and uneventful war patrols. Built in 1941 and 1942 at Lübeck, "U-303" was a Type VIIC U-boat, capable of lengthy ocean patrols and of operating in distant environments.
Service history.
1st patrol.
"U-303" departed Kiel under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Karl-Franz Heine on New Year's Day 1942, arriving at Lorient in France after a two and a half month passage. The spring of 1943 was the turning point for the Battle of the Atlantic, targets were getting harder to come by for German units. "U-303" was no exception, managing to sink only one ship, the 4,959 ton American vessel SS "Expositor", on 23 February.
2nd patrol.
Her second patrol was uneventful and very brief, simply a fourteen day journey between Lorient and La Spezia in Italy, although it did involve passing through the heavily defended Strait of Gibraltar. She was to join a new flotilla operating in the Mediterranean Sea.
3rd patrol.
From La Spezia "U-303" moved to Toulon in occupied France, from where she was to operate against British shipping aiding in operations following the evacuation of Tunisia. On her first attempt to do this, on 21 May 1943, she exited Toulon harbour on the surface and ran straight into the British submarine , which torpedoed the U-boat before escaping. "U-303" began to settle and list, and Heine ordered an immediate evacuation into life rafts which eventually carried the surviving crew to the French coast ten miles away. Ten sailors were less lucky, having been killed in the torpedo impact, and went down with their U-boat in position .

</doc>
<doc id="5866877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866877" title="Krasnoslobodsk, Volgograd Oblast">
Krasnoslobodsk, Volgograd Oblast

Krasnoslobodsk () is a town in Sredneakhtubinsky District of Volgograd Oblast, Russia, located on the east bank of the Volga River across from Volgograd, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
History.
It was founded as the "khutor" of Bakatin (). After 1917, it was renamed Krasnaya Sloboda (). In 1955, it was given its present name and granted town status.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with three rural localities, incorporated within Sredneakhtubinsky District as the town of district significance of Krasnoslobodsk. As a municipal division, the territory of Krasnoslobodsk and two of the rural localities are incorporated within Sredneakhtubinsky Municipal District as Krasnoslobodsk Urban Settlement. The remaining rural locality (the "khutor" of Sakharny) is incorporated as a part of Frunzenskoye Rural Settlement in Sredneakhtubinsky Municipal District.

</doc>
<doc id="5866878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866878" title="Iron League">
Iron League

In the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the Iron League is an affiliation of states that opposed the Great Kingdom of Aerdy. It formed in late 447 CY as a reaction to Ivid V becoming Overking of Aerdy. Idee, the Free City of Irongate, and Onnwal were charter members of the organization.
The Lordship of the Isles later joined the Iron League in 448 CY, and the County of Sunndi in 455 CY. Sunndi has urged the town of Dullstrand to join the league, but as of the current campaign setting of 590 CY, Dullstrand has remained aloof.

</doc>
<doc id="5866880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866880" title="Clazziquai">
Clazziquai

Clazziquai (Hangul: ), also known as Clazziquai Project, is a South Korean experimental band that combines several genres including electronic music, acid jazz and house. The group's first short unofficial albums were released online in 2001, spreading its music through words of "netizens," who positively received the group's music. They remained underground until the release of their first album "Instant Pig" in 2004, selling over 80,000 copies. Since then, their music has been used in various television commercials, shows, and films, and they have been given the chance to perform at various events.
Clazziquai is known for their songs, "Be My Love" and "She Is", which were featured on the Korean drama "My Lovely Samsoon", with the former becoming the show's theme song. The group won an award at the MNET KM Music Video Festival for "Best Soundtrack", and has also been the most nominated group at the Korean Popular Music Awards II(2회), winning "Artist of the Year" and "Best Pop". They have contributed to works by Japanese artists Fantastic Plastic Machine and M-Flo.
History.
2001: Formation.
DJ Clazzi, described as "a magician at synthesizing different sounds in music into creating one unique new genre". graduated from Capilano College, and continued his study at Centre for Digital Imaging and Sound (CDIS). After his graduation, he worked as a web designer, uploading his music online during his leisure time. Eventually, Netizens discovered his music and were drawn to its experimental nature, which is the reason why Clazziquai was initially labeled a "project group"
Korean-Canadian siblings Alex and Christina Chu were initially acquaintances with DJ Clazzi and participated vocally on the first three short and experimental albums released online, named """"[red"", and """". Due to the positive attention received from Netizens, Clazziquai released their first official album, ""Instant Pig"".
Alex's sister Christina later quit due to her work in Canada, and an artist named Horan stepped in to fill her spot. Despite this, she still occasionally contributes vocals to several songs. However, she has not been regarded as an official member, and only as an uncredited guest artist.
2004: "Instant Pig".
""Instant Pig"" gained critical acclaim leading to over 5 songs from the album to be used in 6 television commercials. 
"Novabossa" was used as part of the soundtrack for the 2004 Korean film ""How to Keep My Love"" (내 남자의 로맨스) . Over 30 songs were mixed in the production process .
The remixed English version of the song, in its side Japanese remix album "ZBAM" was released in 2005, & was later used as a song in a television commercial featuring famous soccer star David Beckham. In three weeks, "Sweety" charted #10 in Tokyo J-Wave 'Tokio Hot 100', and #7 in Zip FM 'Zip Hot 100'. Fantastic Plastic Machine praised Clazziquai as a new group to lead the "Hallyu".
2005: "Color Your Soul".
In summer of 2005, Clazziquai's ""Be My Love"" and ""She Is"", were featured in the Korean hit television drama, "My Lovely Samsoon". These two major theme songs also raised the ratings of the series up 50%. Clazziquai had hoped then that people's imagination towards their music would not 'decrease as a result of their unexpected popularity'.
In 2005, Clazziquai released their second album claiming it had a "raw, funkier feel presenting a combination of electronic music and emphasized acoustic genre". In one week, Clazziquai's second album charted #3 in the Kyobo Hot track list, as well as #5 in the Hanter Album chart list. 
2007–2008: "Love Child of the Century".
In 2007, "Lover Boy" was released for Clazziquai's third album, followed by ""Last Tango"". As Alex's fame grew after becoming a main cast member for the popular Korean reality TV show "We Got Married", so did the track ""Romeo N Juliet"", which was prominently featured in the series. A Remix album, "Robotica", was released later in the year.
After the album's release, the members of Clazziquai grew busy with their own work, which started false rumors that Clazziquai could be disbanding. Alex released his first solo album "My Vintage Romance" while Horan joined an acoustic music project group titled Ibadi () as their main vocalist, and released their debut album "Story of Us".
In 2008, a video game for the PlayStation Portable featuring many Clazziquai songs titled "DJ Max Portable Clazziquai Edition" was released.
2009: "Mucho Punk" and "Mucho Musica".
In early 2009, Clazziquai released ""Wizard of Oz"" as part of a commercial for LG, claiming it would be part of the album later in the year. Their fourth album, "Mucho Punk" was released alongside a single release of ""Love Again"", which features American fashion model Jarah Mariano.
In concordance to "Mucho Punk", Clazziquai released Japanese album, "Mucho Musica" and later plan to released a remix album, "Mucho Mix", later in 2009.
On January 17, 2012, member DJ Clazzi released his debut solo album titled "Infant".
In February 2013, the group released a new fifth album, "Blessed". The launch also included MVs for their songs ""Love Recipe"" and ""Sweetest Name"".
2013: "Blessed".
In February 2013, the group released a new fifth album, "Blessed". The launch also included MVs for their songs ""Love Recipe"" and ""Sweetest Name"".
This album seem to be taking a different approach compared to their previous ones where they seem to be underutilized on some songs where there is a bit too much of repeating lyrics. However it seems to be presenting a mature side of them as they stray away from their typical music genre or style.

</doc>
<doc id="5866887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866887" title="Bob Schoutsen">
Bob Schoutsen

Bob Schoutsen (born July 19, 1951 in Amsterdam) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. His best individual result in Mexico City, Mexico was the sixth place in the 100m backstroke (1:01.8). He won a bronze medal in the same event at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5866889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866889" title="Sibelius Hall">
Sibelius Hall

The Sibelius Hall () is a concert hall in Lahti, Finland, named after the composer Jean Sibelius. The concert hall was completed in 2000. Architects Kimmo Lintula and Hannu Tikka designed the hall, which is made out of glulam. The acoustics were engineered by Artec Consultants, New York. Its acoustics are one of its strongest points, while the architecture follows the Scandinavian tradition of sophisticated design. The concert hall has a capacity of 1,250 seats.
The Sibelius Hall is home to the Lahti Symphony Orchestra.
References.
BIS Liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="5866895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866895" title="Prachin Buri River">
Prachin Buri River

The Prachin Buri River (, , ) begins at the confluence of the Phra Prong, Hanuman and Prachantakham rivers in Amphoe Kabin Buri, Prachin Buri province. It passes Amphoe Si Maha Phot, Mueang Prachinburi and Ban Sang.
The river merges to the Nakhon Nayok River to be the Bang Pakong River at the border of Amphoe Ban Sang and Amphoe Bang Nam Priao, Chachoengsao province.

</doc>
<doc id="5866911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866911" title="Lee Battle">
Lee Battle

Lee Battle (born 26 August 1987) is a British actor who played the role of Simon Green in "Coronation Street".
Other television appearances include guest roles on "Doctors", "The Royal" and "Casualty" as well as dramas such as "The Street", "Vincent" and "Wire in the Blood".
In 2009, Lee played Billy Powell in "Awaydays", the film adaptation of Kevin Sampson's novel and is currently filming for his role as Nick McQueen in Oliver Lee's debut feature film "McQueen", alongside Nico Mirallegro, Linzey Cocker and Tina O'Brien.

</doc>
<doc id="5866942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866942" title="Feike de Vries">
Feike de Vries

Feike de Vries (born January 1, 1943 in Amersfoort, Utrecht) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands, who finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5866945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866945" title="Goulane">
Goulane

Goulane West or Gowlan West () is a small village located two miles southeast of Clifden in County Galway, Ireland. It is beside the N59 national secondary road. It has a population of 100. To the north of the village is a hilly area which leads to the river. To the south is Killywongaun and a by-road which leads to Clifden and the Dooneen area. The name "An Gabhlán" means "the small fork".
There is also a Gowlan East or "An Gabhlán Thoir" in nearby Carna. Goulane is home to good footballers and in years gone by the culchys often hammered the townies or as they called them the corner boys the games were held in Curvohil after a hard days work on the farm or bog

</doc>
<doc id="5866946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866946" title="UFC 10">
UFC 10

UFC 10: The Tournament was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) on July 12, 1996, at the Fairgrounds Arena in Birmingham, Alabama. The event was seen live on pay per view in the United States, and later released on home video. A fictional UFC 10, staged at the Grand Olympic Auditorium, is featured during one scene in the film Virtuosity, including an appearance from fighter Ken Shamrock.
History.
UFC 10 marked the UFC's return to the tournament format (which was removed in favor of single bouts at UFC 9). The card featured an eight man tournament, as well as two alternate bouts in case of an injury, and to fill time for the pay-per-view broadcast. 
UFC was originally supposed to air this event from the Providence Civic Center in Providence, Rhode Island.
UFC 10 featured the first appearance of Mark Coleman, who beat fan favorite Don Frye to win the tournament. It was also the first time that Bruce Buffer announced the fights inside the Octagon who replaced Rich Goins. (Bruce's brother Michael Buffer had announced at UFC 6 and 7.) However, Rich Goins came back for UFC 8 & 11.

</doc>
<doc id="5866953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866953" title="Keith Diefendorff">
Keith Diefendorff

Keith Diefendorff is a computer architect and veteran in the microprocessor industry.
Diefendorff is one of the persons that has led the industry in developing RISC processors, both for embedded systems and superscalar high performance systems. He is one of the main designers of the PowerPC family of processors.
Background.
Keith Diefendorff started at Texas Instruments, designing integrated circuits processors and systems. Later Diefendorff joined Motorola and was the chief architect of a second-generation implementation of the 88000 instruction set architecture, the 88110. The 88110 was not a commercial success, and when Motorola shifted focus to creating a new RISC architecture with IBM, Diefendorff was assigned as chief architect for the PowerPC.
After his work at Motorola Diefendorrf moved to NexGen as director of technical x86-strategy. Diefendorff joined AMD when NexGen was acquired by AMD.
From AMD Diefendorrf then moved to Apple as architect for the AltiVec media extensions developed for the PowerPC processors used by Apple.
Keith Diefendorff has been working in the embedded processor space. First at the embedded processor IP-core company ARC International. After ARC Diefendorrf moved to MIPS Technologies.
Diefendorrf has also worked as processor analyst, and editor in chief (1998-2001) for the industry magazine "Microprocessor Report".

</doc>
<doc id="5866960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866960" title="Ad Moolhuijzen">
Ad Moolhuijzen

Adrianus ("Ad") Theodorus Moolhuijzen (born April 1, 1943 in Arnhem, Gelderland) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands, who finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5866965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866965" title="TxtSQL">
TxtSQL

txtSQL (pronounced "text-sequel") is an object-oriented (OOP) flat-file database management system written in PHP. Working on ordinary text files with increased file-security, it offers support for a small subset of SQL and is extremely efficient in terms of execution time. txtSQL utilizes a file system similar to that of MySQL by employing the concept of tables and databases. Furthermore, it does not require any outside plugins just so that txtSQL can operate. There are two levels of operation for developmental purposes; a low-level implementation and a high-level implementation that supports SQL. txtSQL is an open source project licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL).

</doc>
<doc id="5866973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866973" title="Antwon Tanner">
Antwon Tanner

Antwon Tanner (born April 14, 1975) is an American actor, mostly known for his role as Antwon "Skills" Taylor on the CW drama series "One Tree Hill".
Biography.
Tanner is mostly known by his role as Antwon "Skills" Taylor on the CW show "One Tree Hill". Tanner had a starring role in the 2005 film "Coach Carter", where he starred alongside Samuel L. Jackson and has appeared in TV series such as "NYPD Blue", "413 Hope St.", "Sister, Sister", "Moesha", "The Parkers", and "".
Tanner also had a role in the film "The Wood".
Tanner was arrested on April 16, 2009, and was accused by federal authorities of "knowingly and intentionally" transferring Social Security cards "with intent to defraud". On August 20, 2009 he pleaded guilty in federal court in Brooklyn to selling more than a dozen Social Security numbers for $10,000. He was handed a prison sentence of 3 months for the offense and had to report to prison by April 30, 2010.
In 2007, he starred alongside Brian Hooks, Denyce Lawton, and Cherie Johnson in the horror film "7eventy 5ive".

</doc>
<doc id="5866974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866974" title="Chaparhar District">
Chaparhar District

Chaparhar is a district in the centre of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Its population, which is 100% Pashtun, was estimated at 54,858 in 2002, of whom 21,800 were children under 12. The district centre is the village of Chaparhar.

</doc>
<doc id="5866975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866975" title="Bart Bongers">
Bart Bongers

Bart Bongers (October 6, 1946 born in Arnhem, Gelderland) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands, who finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5866978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866978" title="James Daugherty">
James Daugherty

James Henry Daugherty (June 1, 1889 Asheville, North Carolina – February 21, 1974) was an American modernist painter, muralist, children's book author, and illustrator.
Life.
He lived in Indiana, Ohio, and at the age of 9 he moved to Washington, D.C., where he studied at the Corcoran School of Art. 
Later, he went to London and studied under Frank Brangwyn. During World War I, he was commissioned to produce propaganda posters for various US Government agencies, including the United States Shipping Board.
Daugherty wrote and illustrated several children's books during his career. In his book "Daniel Boone" won the Newbery Medal. His book with Benjamin Elkin, "Gillespie and the Guards", won the Caldecott Honor in 1957. He was also the author of "Walt Whitman's America Selections and Drawings by James Daugherty".
In September 2006, controversy erupted at Hamilton Avenue School, an elementary school in Greenwich, Connecticut, over Daugherty's depiction of Bunker Hill hero and Connecticut native Israel Putnam in a mural commissioned by Public Works of Art Project for the town hall, and installed in the school in 1935. The mural was restored, and revealed a scene, filled with violent and richly-colored imagery, including snarling animals, tomahawk-wielding American Indians, and a half-naked General Putnam strapped to a burning stake. School officials objected to the violent imagery, and ordered the mural removed to the Greenwich Public Library.
Daugherty will be included in the exhibition The Société Anonyme: Modernism for America at the Yale Gallery in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5866979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866979" title="Joan Olivé">
Joan Olivé

Joan Olivé Márquez (born November 22, 1984 in Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain) is a former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He has competed in the 125cc, 250cc, Moto2 and Moto3 World championships since he started to race professionally in the 2001 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. Since retiring from racing he became the Test/replacement rider for KTM's Moto3 project. 

</doc>
<doc id="5866982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866982" title="Institute of Health and Biomedical Innovation">
Institute of Health and Biomedical Innovation

Urban Village.
The main facility was completed in June 2006 and forms part of the Kelvin Grove Urban Village. 
Initial funding for capital works and equipment procurement was received from the Queensland Government, QUT and the private charitable organisation 'Atlantic Philanthropies'.[http://www.ihbi.qut.edu.au/about/progress/]
Domains.
IHBI's research is divided into six major areas - known as 'domains':
These domains incorporate a number of research projects: from basic science through to clinical and commercial applications of technology. The bulk of these projects are funded not by IHBI itself, but by a range of federal, state and private philanthropic grants awarded to individual teams of researchers.
The Centre for Accident Research and Road Safety - Queensland (CARRS-Q) is part of the Injury Prevention and Rehabilitation domain.

</doc>
<doc id="5866991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866991" title="Loet Geutjes">
Loet Geutjes

Louis ("Loet") Geutjes (born August 12, 1943 in Amersfoort, Utrecht) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands, who finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. After an active career as water polo player, Geutjes became a successful swimming coach, first with AZ&PC Amersfoort, and currently with De Otters Het Gooi Bussum. He has trained and coached several athletes that went on to perform at international level, such as the twins Mildred and Marianne Muis, and Chantal Groot.

</doc>
<doc id="5866999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5866999" title="Prachinburi (disambiguation)">
Prachinburi (disambiguation)

Prachinburi (or Prachin Buri) may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5867001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867001" title="Pimoidae">
Pimoidae

The Pimoidae spider family is a rather small group of 37 species in four genera. They are monophyletic, and probably closest related to the Linyphiidae.
Distribution.
The Pimoidae form a relictual group along the western coast of North America, Europe (Alps, Apennines and Cantabrian Mountains of northern Spain) and the Himalayas. This makes a holarctic predecessor probable. In 2003, a species was found in Japan. The species "Pimoa cthulhu", described by Gustavo Hormiga in 1994, is named for Howard Phillips Lovecraft's mythological deity Cthulhu.

</doc>
<doc id="5867008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867008" title="Weintrauboa">
Weintrauboa

Weintrauboa is a spider genus of the small Pimoidae family. The nearest relatives of "Weintrauboa" are in the "Pimoa" genus.
Etymology.
Named after Robert L. Weintraub of George Washington University.
Distribution.
Both species are known from Russia and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5867011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867011" title="André Hermsen">
André Hermsen

Andréas "André" Hermsen (born March 13, 1942 in Hilversum) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands, who finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. His brothers Henk and Wim also played for the Dutch National Team and competed at the Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5867012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867012" title="Dave Stringer">
Dave Stringer

Dave Stringer (born 15 October 1944 in Great Yarmouth), is a former player and manager of Norwich City football club.
As a player, he won the fans' vote to be Norwich City player of the year in 1972 and made a total of 499 appearances for the club. He ended his playing career with Cambridge United before returning to Norwich city to coach the youth team, winning the FA youth cup in 1984. He went on to manage the reserve team and was appointed first team manager on 9 November 1987 following the sacking of Ken Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="5867013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867013" title="Nakhon Nayok (disambiguation)">
Nakhon Nayok (disambiguation)

Nakhon Nayok is a town in Thailand.
Nakhon Nayok may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867028" title="Dryopteris affinis">
Dryopteris affinis

Dryopteris affinis (scaly male fern; syn. "D. pseudomas, D. borreri") is a fern native to western and southern Europe and southwestern Asia.
It is most abundant in areas with high humidity, such as the British Isles and western France; in the Mediterranean region and the Caucasus it is confined to high altitudes. It commonly grows on moist soils in woodlands.
Description.
"Dryopteris affinis" is virtually evergreen and bears dark green fronds long, moderately stiff and hard-textured, bipinnate, with the pinnae opposite on the rachis. The rachis at the base of the frond is densely covered in yellow-brown scales known as ramenta. Each pinna is long, the pinnules broad rectangular with a slightly serrated margin, and decreasing in size only close to the pinna tip.
Individual fronds live for about 1.5 years and remain attached to the rhizome after withering. "D. affinis" is closely related to "Dryopteris filix-mas", distinguished by its usually more robust habit with usually more evergreen fronds, more densely scaly frond stems, and more rectangular (less tapered and lobed) pinnae and pinnules.
It is one of the larger European native ferns, with older specimens developing a dense, almost tree fern-like base up to high and broad.
Cultivation.
Numerous cultivars and varieties have been selected for garden use, of which the following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:-

</doc>
<doc id="5867031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867031" title="Belfagor arcidiavolo">
Belfagor arcidiavolo

Belfagor arcidiavolo is a novella by Niccolò Machiavelli. It was written between 1518 and 1527 and published with Machiavelli's collected works in 1549. It is also known under the titles La favola di Belfagor Arcidiavolo and Il demonio che prese moglie.
An abbreviated version of Machiavelli's "favola" (tale) was issued under the name Giovanni Brevio in 1545. Giovanni Francesco Straparola included his own version as the fourth story of the second night in his "Le piacevoli notti" (1557). Other versions followed, including a poem by Luigi Pirandello and a stage adaptation by Morselli that was produced in 1921.
The "devil takes a wife" story influenced several English works: a version of it occurs in the conclusion of "Rich His Farewell to Military Profession" (1581) by Barnabe Rich. The popular play "Grim the Collier of Croydon" (published 1662) shows Machiavelli's influence. An English translation of Machiavelli's work was published in London in 1647 as "The Devil a Married Man: or The Devil Hath Met with His Match." This was adapted into a play called "The Devil and the Parliament" (1648), which was followed by John Wilson's "Belphegor, or The Marriage of the Devil" (1691).
In the nineteenth century, William Makepeace Thackeray produced his own version of the tale. An adapted version of the tale is the basis for Ottorino Respighi's 1923 opera Belfagor.
Synopsis.
The story derives from Medieval Slavic folklore (and gave birth to a German and North-European version featuring a Friar Rush). In Machiavelli's account, Pluto notes that crowds of male souls arrive in Hell blaming their wives for their misery. He summons a parliament, which decides to send the former-archangel-now-archdevil Belfagor to the Earth to investigate. Belfagor assumes a human form as one Roderigo of Castile, and comes to Florence with a hundred thousand ducats; he marries a woman named Onesta Donati. Soon, her vanity and wasteful spending, combined with the demands of her relatives, reduce him to poverty and debt. He flees imprisonment, pursued by creditors and magistrates; rescued by the peasant Gianmatteo, Belfagor grants his rescuer the power to drive devils out of possessed women – which eventually causes major problems for the peasant himself. In the end, Belfagor gratefully returns to Hell, denouncing the institution of marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="5867032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867032" title="Thomas McGrath (poet)">
Thomas McGrath (poet)

Thomas Matthew McGrath, (November 20, 1916 near Sheldon, North Dakota – September 20, 1990, Minneapolis, Minnesota) was a celebrated American poet.
McGrath grew up on a farm in Ransom County, North Dakota. He earned a B.A. from the University of North Dakota at Grand Forks. He served in the Aleutian Islands with the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. He was awarded a Rhodes Scholarship, at Oxford. McGrath also pursued postgraduate studies at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. He taught at Colby College in Maine and at Los Angeles State College, from which he was dismissed in connection with his appearance, as an unfriendly witness, before the House Committee on Un-American Activities in 1953. Later he taught at North Dakota State University, and Minnesota State University, Moorhead. He was married three times and had one son.
McGrath wrote mainly about his own life and social concerns. His best-known work is probably "Letter to an Imaginary Friend" published in sections between 1957 and 1985 and as a single poem in 1997 by Copper Canyon Press.
Reviews.
Best of all, Letter to an Imaginary Friend licks its fingers and burps at the table. Polite it is not--and the better for it when McGrath turns from his populist vitriol to what may be his most abiding talent: that of bestowing praise--grace, even--on the common, the unruly, the inconsolable, those McGrath chose to side and sing with and for whom "the world is too much but not enough with us.

</doc>
<doc id="5867047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867047" title="Guy N. Smith">
Guy N. Smith

Guy Newman Smith (born 1939, Hopwas, Staffordshire) is a prolific English writer best known for his pulp fiction-style horror fiction, though he has also written non-fiction, soft-porn, and children's literature.
Biography.
Smith wrote his first horror book, "Werewolf by Moonlight" in 1974. It spawned two direct sequels. He is probably best known for a series of six "Crabs" books, the first of which, "Night of the Crabs", was published in 1976. The series chronicles invasions by giant, man-eating crabs of various areas of British coastline. In 1980 a film adaptation Island Claws came out.
The pulpish nature of Smith's concepts and writing are legendary in the horror fiction world, and have been spoofed by the award winning comedian and writer Matthew Holness in his Garth Marenghi persona.
Smith has had over a thousand short stories and magazine articles published. He has written a series of children's books under the pseudonym Jonathon Guy, two thrillers under the name Gavin Newman and a dozen non-fiction books on countryside matters. However, he is best known for his 70 or so horror books. The "Penguin Enclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural" considers that Smith's horror novels were "endearing, imbued with lively storytelling and the tacky brilliance of the horror and science fiction cinema of the 1950's". On the other hand,
the horror critic R.S. Hadji included Smith's novel "The Sucking Pit" on his list of the worst horror novels 
ever written.
Smith's work mixes sex, violence, gore and self-conscious humour. Despite his reputation in some quarters as being a hack writer, Smith's novels enjoyed considerable popularity in Poland in the early 1990s, having been cheaply translated and published as pocket editions by the Phantom Press publishing house. 
A lifelong pipe smoker, he won the British pipe smoking championship in 2003. He collects pipes and smoking ephemera and has also written a book on tobacco - "Tobacco Culture: A DIY Guide"
. He is also an active pro-smoking campaigner. He is married to Jean and they have four adult children.
Selected bibliography.
Disney books.
Novelizations of the classic Disney films. Paperback novels all originally published by New English Library in 1975 and reprinted by Pyramid Books in 1976 both with black and white drawings throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="5867051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867051" title="Robert Wyler">
Robert Wyler

Robert Wyler (September 25, 1900 – January 17, 1971) was an American film producer and associate producer. He was the older brother of film director William Wyler and a nephew of Universal Studios head, Carl Laemmle.
Wyler was born in Mülhausen, Alsace, Germany (now Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin, France). His first credit was as a producer in 1928, and he made several unsuccessful attempts at directing in the early 1930s. He found success in the late 1940s and '50s, however, when the film he associate-produced in 1949 – his brother's adaptation of "The Heiress" – was nominated for Best Film at the Academy Awards and won its star, Olivia de Havilland, her second Oscar.
Wyler himself was nominated for the screenplay for "Detective Story" in 1951, another film directed by his brother and a controversial hit in its day. He was involved as an associate producer on most of his brother's films through the 1950s, such as "Roman Holiday" (1953) and "Friendly Persuasion" (1956).
Wyler was married to actress Cathy O'Donnell from 1948 until her death in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5867054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867054" title="Australian Labor Party (Non-Communist)">
Australian Labor Party (Non-Communist)

The Australian Labor Party (Non-Communist) was the second Lang Labor breakaway party, associated with New South Wales Premier Jack Lang. It operated from 1940 to 1941.
Following the disappearance of the previous Lang Labor group, the Australian Labor Party (NSW), Lang formed a new party, which contested the 1940 federal election. Unlike the 1931 split, however, he was in a minority in New South Wales, many of his old supporters such as Eddie Ward remained loyal to Labor Prime Minister John Curtin, and Lang candidates polled poorly. In 1941, before it faced a state election, the Non-Communist Labor Party was wound up and its members, with the exception of Lang himself, were re-admitted to the Labor Party. This allowed Curtin to become Prime Minister at the head of a united party in October 1941.
The party's membership included five federal MPs (Jack Beasley, Joe Gander, Dan Mulcahy, Sol Rosevear and Tom Sheehan) and two senators (Stan Amour and John Armstrong). Nine state MLAs and six MLCs also joined the group.

</doc>
<doc id="5867057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867057" title="Los Mártires">
Los Mártires

Los Mártires () is the 14th locality of Bogotá, capital of Colombia. It is located near the city's downtown to its west. It takes its name in honor of those who died during the war for independence from Spain. It is completely urbanized, save for its parks and the banks of its rivers.
General information.
Borders.
"North": Diagonal 22 and Avenida El Dorado, with the locality of Teusaquillo.
"South": Calle 8 Sur and Avenida Primera, with the locality of Antonio Nariño.
"East": Avenida Caracas, with the locality of Santa Fe.
"West": Carrera 30 with the locality of Puente Aranda.
Hydrology.
The Fucha River runs through the locality.
Topography.
Los Mártires is relatively flat due to its being part of the savannah of Bogotá. It slopes slightly upward to the west.
Transportation.
The locality is served by the Avenida Caracas and Calle 13 lines of the TransMilenio system, including the Avenida Jiménez transfer station.
History.
In the area that is now Los Mártires Park Policarpa Salavarrieta, Antonia Santos, Mercedes Ábrego, Camilo Torres Tenorio, and Antonio José de Caldas died. In 1850, an obelisk was erected in their memory.
Neighborhoods.
The following neighborhoods form part of the locality: Santa Isabel, Ciudad Montes, and Paloquemao

</doc>
<doc id="5867062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867062" title="Ratchaburi (disambiguation)">
Ratchaburi (disambiguation)

Ratchaburi may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5867077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867077" title="Atucha II Nuclear Power Plant">
Atucha II Nuclear Power Plant

Atucha II is a nuclear power plant in Argentina, located in Lima, Buenos Aires, on a site next to Atucha I. Its construction started in June 1981 under a contract with Siemens, but it has not been finished (it is around 80% completed). Like Atucha I, it is a Pressurised Heavy Water Reactor (PHWR), but was planned to have a much higher power (thermal power approx. 2,000 MW, electrical 750 MW). At the time when it was started, it had the largest reactor pressure vessel of any nuclear power plant worldwide. The total cost is now (2006) estimated at US$3.8 billion, or about $5500/kWe, considerably higher than the worldwide mean of about $1500/kWe.
Partly as a response to the energy shortage caused by natural gas crisis of 2004, the issue of Atucha II was taken up by the Argentine government. In 2005 President Néstor Kirchner signed a decree to reactivate the construction and pledged to finish it by 2009. New technicians were hired and a budget of about $120 million was requested for 2006. Eduardo Messi, president of Nucleoeléctrica Argentina S.A. (the firm in charge of the plant), told reporters that 93% of the components were either in storage or already installed.
On 23 August 2006 the government announced the re-activation of the national nuclear programme, and updated its promise to finish Atucha II by 2010, devoting a total of 1,850 million pesos ($596/€466 million). The plant is slated to come on line with an installed capacity of about 750 MW (3% of Argentina's total electric installed capacity).
Atucha II was "pre-started" on September 28, 2011 by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner and it is scheduled to start commercial service by mid-2013.
On June 3, 2014 reached its first criticality, and on June 27, 2014 began to produce energy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867080" title="Ana Moura">
Ana Moura

Ana Moura (born 1979) is an internationally recognized Portuguese fado singer, and the youngest fadista to be nominated for a Dutch Edison Award.
Biography.
Ana Moura was born in the district capital of Santarém.
Career.
Ana Moura's debut album was "Guarda-me a vida na mão" (2003), followed by "Aconteceu" (2005). She sang in various nightspots in Lisbon and became known on television, performing fado with Antonio Pinto Basto.
"Para Além da Saudade" (2007), containing songs such as "Os Buzios" or "Fado da Procura", is the album that followed "Aconteceu". With this album and appearances on programs such as "Family Contact" and "Superstar", Moura became more widely known in Portugal. These television appearances helped promote this record, which was to reach triple platinum for sales exceeding 55,000 units. The album stayed in the Top 30 in Portugal for 120 weeks. 
For this album, Moura received a nomination for the Golden Globes in the category of Music, Best Individual Performer, losing to Jorge Palma.
In 2007, Ana Moura joined the Rolling Stones in concert at the Alvalade XXI stadium in Lisbon. She sang "No Expectations" with Mick Jagger.
After two big concerts in coliseums of Porto and Lisbon, Moura launched her first live DVD on 24 November 2008, which has enjoyed great success with the public. She appeared at the World Music Institute concert.
With the recognition from critics came also the recognition of peers, and in 2008, Ana Moura received the prize for "best performance Amalia".
In 2009, the rock artist, Prince, stated he was a fan of fado, and expressed interest in collaborating musically with Ana. Prince travelled to Lisbon in July last year.
Moura's album, "Leva-me aos Fados" ("Take Me to a Fado House"), released on 12 October 2009 (presented at the Casa da Musica – Porto Coliseum and Lisbon on 20 and 21 October) reached the Top 10 of best-selling albums, and has gone platinum. With songs such as "Leva-me aos Fados" (single presentation), "Caso Arrumado", "Rumo ao Sul" and "Fado Vestido de Fado" Ana Moura delights her audience. Ana has begun to tour in the country and abroad, with concerts in northern Portugal, London, Canada, Austria and Germany. She appeared at the 2010 and 2011 San Francisco Jazz Festival.
Moura sings together with Italian singer Pacifico on the song "Pioggia sul mio alfabeto". Her fifth album, "Desfado", was produced by Larry Klein and released on 12 November 2012. It debuted at number 2 on the Portuguese Albums Chart in the week ending 24 November 2012, and topped the chart in the week ending 15 June 2013. Overall, the album has been in the first place of sales in Portugal for 6 weeks, and up to January 2014 the album had not left the Top 20. The album was certified Double Platinum by the Portuguese Phonographic Association. Two singles from it were released, including "Até ao Verão" and the title track.

</doc>
<doc id="5867090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867090" title="Ángel Rodríguez (motorcycle racer)">
Ángel Rodríguez (motorcycle racer)

Ángel Rodríguez Campillo (born 20 May 1985 in Elche, Province of Alicante, Spain) is a professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He races in the FIM CEV Repsol Superbike Championship for Team Suzuki Speed Racing aboard a Suzuki GSX-R1000. He raced in the 125cc and 250cc World championships between and .
Rodríguez started racing in pocketbikes. He competed in the Spanish Championship, where he won the title in 2000. He also made his debut in the 125cc World Championship in 2000. His most notable display in 2001 when he was fighting for the lead at Phillip Island, but Simone Sanna crashed in front of him thus taking Angel along with him.
In 2008, Rodríguez became the 600cc Spanish National Champion, and also made four World Supersport appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="5867094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867094" title="Theodora Richards">
Theodora Richards

Theodora Dupree Richards (born March 18, 1985) is an American model and the daughter of Patti Hansen and Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards, and the older sister of Alexandra Richards.
At 16, Richards, her sister Alexandra, and Elizabeth Jagger (daughter of rock star Mick Jagger) were asked to model for a Tommy Hilfiger campaign. She has guest-edited one issue of "L'Officiel". In 2006, Richards modeled for the New Zealand-based Karen Walker label. In mid-2006, she appeared on the cover of "Lucire" in an editorial photographed by Barry Hollywood.
Also in 2006, she became the model and muse for New York City premium denim collection, 4Stroke Jeans. Richards was selected by the music-inspired company due to fashion background and music heritage. She lives in New York City where, in addition to modeling, she studies painting and drawing.
Richards made headlines in March 2011 after she was arrested for writing graffiti on a convent wall in New York City. When the police stopped her, she had marijuana and another controlled substance in her possession. She was quoted saying, "I hope I don't get into trouble for this."

</doc>
<doc id="5867102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867102" title="Bert Bell Award">
Bert Bell Award

The Bert Bell Award for the Professional American football Player of the Year is presented by the Maxwell Football Club. This award is named in honor of Bert Bell (1895-1959), Commissioner of the National Football League (NFL) and founder of the Maxwell Club. Voters for the Pro Awards are NFL owners, football personnel, head and assistant coaches as well as members of the Maxwell Football Club, national media, both electronic and print, and local media. The award consists of a trophy in the form of a statue in the likeness of Bell. The award is presented at the club's annual football banquet.

</doc>
<doc id="5867104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867104" title="UFC 11">
UFC 11

UFC 11: The Proving Ground was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on September 20, 1996, at the Augusta Civic Center in Augusta, Georgia. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on home video.
History.
The card featured an eight-man tournament, as well as two alternate bouts in case of an injury, and to fill time for the pay-per-view broadcast. Due to multiple injuries and fatigue, no alternates were able to continue after their semifinal matches. Roberto Travern had a broken hand after his alternate match and the championship was won by forfeit. Rich Goins returned as the ring announcer.
"UFC 11" bracket.
1Jerry Bohlander withdrew due to injury. He was replaced by Scott Ferrozzo.<BR>
2 Scott Ferrozzo was unable to continue due to exhaustion, making Mark Coleman winner by forfeit.

</doc>
<doc id="5867118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867118" title="Catherine Thomas">
Catherine Thomas

Catherine Thomas born in 1963 is a Welsh politician and former Labour Welsh Assembly Member for the constituency of Llanelli. She narrowly beat Helen Mary Jones of Plaid Cymru at the 2003 Assembly election with a majority of 21. Helen Mary Jones defeated her in the 2007 election. She is married to the MP for Caerphilly Wayne David.
Education.
University of Glamorgan and the University of Wales, Cardiff.
Professional career.
Former environmental co-ordinator. Board member of a housing association and member of Children in Wales.
Political career.
Aide to Julie Morgan MP, 1997-2003. Welsh Assembly Member for the constituency of Llanelli 2003-07.

</doc>
<doc id="5867120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867120" title="Chai Badan District">
Chai Badan District

Chai Badan () is a district ("Amphoe") in eastern part of Lopburi Province, central Thailand. The local people usually call it "Lam Narai", as the district center is located in "Tambon" Lam Narai.
History.
The Chai Badan was an ancient town in the Pa Sak River valley, controlled from Nakhon Ratchasima. In 1914 it was upgraded to be a district of Phetchabun Province. In 1918 it was moved to be part of Sara Buri Province. Finally it became part of Lopburi Province on November 1, 1941.
1943 the district office was moved from Chai Badan subdistrict to Bua Chum subdistrict, which was undone one year after already. In 1960 it was again moved to Bua Chum. The area around the district office was made the new subdistrict Lam Narai in 1970.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Lam Sonthi, Tha Luang, Phatthana Nikhom, Khok Samrong and Khok Charoen of Lopburi Province, and Si Thep of Phetchabun Province.
The Wang Kan Luang waterfall is the most favorite place of Lopburi visitors, also from neighboring provinces.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 17 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 136 villages ("muban"). Lam Narai has subdistrict municipality status ("thesaban tambon") and covers part of the "tambon" Lam Narai and Chai Narai. There are further 16 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
The missing numbers belong to "tambon" which now form Lam Sonthi district

</doc>
<doc id="5867122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867122" title="Pimoa">
Pimoa

Pimoa is a genus of spiders in the Pimoidae family. Its sister genus is "Nanoa".
Etymology.
"Pimoa" is derived from the language of the Gosiute people in Utah with the meaning "big legs". The other genera in the family match its ending.
Distribution.
See the description under Pimoidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5867124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867124" title="Local Government Act (Northern Ireland) 1972">
Local Government Act (Northern Ireland) 1972

The Local Government (Northern Ireland) Act 1972 (1972 c. 9) was an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland that constituted district councils to administer the twenty-six local government districts created by the Local Government (Boundaries) Act (Northern Ireland) 1971, and abolished the existing local authorities in Northern Ireland.
District councils.
Each Local Government District was to have a district council consisting of elected councillors of whom one would be chairman and another could be vice-chairman. 
Provision for the continuation of city and borough status was included in the Act, which provided that the charter of each county borough should apply to the new district containing it, and that the "council for a district which includes the whole or the major part of a borough other than a county borough may... resolve that the charter of the corporation of the borough shall have effect in relation to the district". In addition a district council could apply for a new charter making it a borough. In the original Act, the council could petition the Governor of Northern Ireland for a royal charter. By the time the Act came into effect, however, the office of governor had been abolished, and petitions were addressed to the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland. Where a district was designated a city or borough, the chairman and vice-chairman became the mayor and deputy-mayor. In the case of Belfast, the chairman's title continued to be lord mayor.
Abolition of existing local authorities.
Section 131 of the Act stated that "every county and every county borough shall cease to be an administrative area for local government purposes", and that "every borough (other than a county borough), every urban district and every rural district shall be abolished". 
Also abolished were any joint boards established under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 or Water Supplies and Sewerage Act (Northern Ireland) 1945 and the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. 
Exempted from abolition were the corporations of the county boroughs of Belfast and Londonderry, and of any municipal borough whose charter had been adopted by the new district council. In these cases the district council was to become the corporation from 1 October 1973.
The Act also provided for the dissolution of new town commissions established under the New Towns Acts (Northern Ireland) 1965 to 1968.
Staff commission.
Section 40 of the Act established the Staff Commission of Northern Ireland to oversee the recruitment, training and terms and conditions of employment of council officers, and those of the Northern Ireland Housing Executive. 
The commission was to:

</doc>
<doc id="5867125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867125" title="Judith Kleinfeld">
Judith Kleinfeld

Judith Smilg Kleinfeld is a professor of Psychology at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, and co-chairs the Northern Studies department.
A controversial academician, her most well known works are the ones criticizing studies on alleged discrimination in educational settings. Her "The Myth That Schools Shortchange Girls" analyzed the American Association of University Women's report "How Schools Shortchange Girls". Kleinfeld's analysis was first publicized at the Women's Freedom Network, received national attention and was covered by The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal.
She has also criticized a 1999 MIT study that supported claims made by some of the university's female professors that their male colleagues enjoyed preferential treatment despite their level of accomplishments. Kleinfeld called the MIT study "junk science" and pointed out that the committee evaluating the charges was led by the primary complainant and cited the committee's reluctance to open its data to peer review.
Judith Kleinfeld is a member at the Women's Freedom Network and the Independent Women's Forum. She is also director at The Boys Project, a not-for-profit group formed to address the female-male gender gap in educational achievement.
She is married to judge Andrew Kleinfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="5867145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867145" title="Planet Moon Studios">
Planet Moon Studios

Planet Moon Studios was a game development studio based in San Francisco, California founded by ex-Shiny Entertainment developers Nick Bruty (President) and Bob Stevenson (CEO) in 1997. The name of the company is said to be invented by co-founder Scott Guest, who described the founding of the studio as a moment of intense overwhelming joy as "being on the "planet "Moon""." 
Planet Moon developed the games "" (Interplay, 2000), "Armed and Dangerous" (Lucasarts, 2003) and "Infected" (Majesco Games, 2005). The games are generally critically acclaimed for both game-play and graphics, and are often lauded for their humor in various reviews.
In January 2011, Bigpoint Games acquired the Planet Moon Studios staff in San Francisco, California, but did not acquire the company, its intellectual properties, or its other assets. Shortly thereafter, Planet Moon Studios closed down its doors. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867151" title="Tower Works">
Tower Works

Tower Works is a former factory notable for its three listed towers. It is located on Globe Road in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire, next to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. The Italianate towers of the factory are a distinctive landmark on the Leeds skyline.
The factory was founded by T.R. Harding to make steel pins for carding and combing in the textile industry, and the original buildings, by Thomas Shaw, were erected in 1864–66. Harding's son, Colonel Thomas Harding, employed William Bakewell to extend the works in 1899. The design of the extension was heavily influenced by Harding's love of Italian architecture and art. 
The most notable features of Tower Works are the three towers that give it its name and served for dust extraction from the factory. The largest and most ornate tower (1899, by Bakewell) is based on Giotto's Campanile in Florence. The smaller ornate tower (1866, by Shaw) is styled after the Torre dei Lamberti in Verona. A third plain tower, built as part of Harding's final phase of expansion in 1919, is thought to represent a Tuscan tower house such as can be seen in San Gimignano. All three towers are listed structures, the two ornate towers being Grade II* and the plain tower Grade II.
The design for the Giotto Tower included ventilation systems that were way ahead of their time in terms of minimising pollution from the steel works. The chimney incorporated a filter to remove the excess steel dust. 
In 1895 T. W. Harding & Son amalgamated with two other companies to become Harding, Rhodes & Co. 
The factory sustained damage in World War II when neighbouring buildings were bombed during the air raids on the nearby Leeds City railway station. It closed in 1981 after 117 years of operating on the site.
Present.
Today the site stands empty and many of the buildings are in a state of disrepair. 
Tower Works lies at the heart of the Holbeck Urban Village renovation area, it was acquired by Yorkshire Forward in 2005.
It and is set to become another development combining modern city offices and businesses with the heritage of the industrial revolution in Leeds.

</doc>
<doc id="5867158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867158" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Wiltshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Wiltshire

__NOTOC__
<onlyinclude> The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Wiltshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. As of 2006, there are 134 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which the vast majority, 108, have been designated due to their biological interest, with just 21 due to their geological interest (and 5 for both).
Sites.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5867162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867162" title="Fos Williams Medal">
Fos Williams Medal

The Fos Williams Medal has been awarded since 1981 to the best Australian rules football player from South Australia during Inter-State or Inter-Competition matches. The medal is named in honour of legendary South Australian National Football League (SANFL) player and coach Fos Williams.
Originally the award was made in respect of State of Origin matches. Since that competition folded in 1999, the medal has been awarded during games where the SANFL plays other state competitions in State League representative matches (e.g. WAFL v SANFL). The award is usually voted on by a panel selected by the SANFL from significant football identities present at the match, and may include past players, coaches and journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="5867168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867168" title="Nicolás Terol">
Nicolás Terol

Nicolás 'Nico' Terol Peidro (born 27 September 1988 in Alcoy, Province of Alicante Valencia, Spain) is a professional motorcycle road racer. He currently races in the Moto2 World championship, and was the final champion in the 125cc class, in . He began his professional racing career in 2005. He took his first international victory in the rain-shortened 2008 Indianapolis motorcycle Grand Prix as he was leading the race at the time of the final completed lap.

</doc>
<doc id="5867172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867172" title="Dan Conway">
Dan Conway

Danny 'Dan' Oliver Conway (born 1 May 1985) is an English cricketer. Conway is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace. He was born in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham.
Conway made his debut for Cumberland in the 2008 Minor Counties Championship debut against Norfolk. He made has made seven further appearances to 2010. His MCCA Knockout Trophy debut for Cumberland also came in 2008 against Shropshire, with Conway making eight further appearances in that competition to 2010. He left Cumberland at the end of the 2010 season, joining Herefordshire two years later, making his debut for his new county against Wiltshire in the 2012 Minor Counties Championship.
In the 2010 season, he made his first-class debut for Oxford MCCU against Northamptonshire at the University Parks, making two further first-class fixtures in that season against Hampshire and Middlesex. He made a further three first-class appearances in 2011, before making a final appearance in 2012 against Glamorgan. In his seven first-class matches for Oxford MCCU, Conway took 18 wickets at an average of 38.00, with best figures of 4/48. With the bat, he scored 43 runs at an average of 10.75, and a high score of 20. 

</doc>
<doc id="5867191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867191" title="Japanese steam warship Takao">
Japanese steam warship Takao

She was originally built in New York as , a screw steam revenue cutter built for the United States Revenue Marine during the American Civil War. She was purchased by Akita Domain (秋田藩) and named "Takao", then transferred to the , a short-lived state established by former Tokugawa retainers (Bakufu). She was armed with four smoothbore cannon on the side, and a powerful Armstrong cannon with explosive shells, installed on a rotating base. 
She participated in the Battle of Miyako Bay, when three Bakufu warships were dispatched for a surprise attack against Imperial forces. For the battle, Eugene Collache, a French navy officer, was put in command of the "Takao", on which were sailing 40 seamen and 30 samurai. The two other ships were the "Kaiten" and the . 
The ships encountered bad weather, in which the "Takao" suffered engine trouble, and the "Banryu" was separated. The "Banryu" eventually returned to Hokkaido, without joining the battle. To create surprise, the "Kaiten" planned to enter Miyako harbour with an American flag. Unable to achieve more than 3 knots due to engine trouble, the "Takao" trailed behind, and the "Kaiten" first joined battle. The "Kaiten" approached the enemy ships and raised the Bakufu flag seconds before boarding the French-built "Kōtetsu", of the opposing Imperial navy (the first Japanese ironclad). The "Kōtetsu" managed to repel the attack with a Gatling gun, with huge loss on the attacking side. The "Kaiten", pursued by the Imperial fleet, steamed out of Miyako Bay just as the "Takao" was entering it. The "Kaiten" eventually escaped to Hokkaido, but the "Takao" was unable to leave the pursuers and wrecked herself voluntarily. The "Takao" was set on fire by the escaping rebels and exploded.
Collache was imprisoned by the Japanese, judged and condemned to death, but he was finally pardoned. At the end of the conflict, he was sent to Tokyo where he rejoined Jules Brunet, and later left for France.

</doc>
<doc id="5867194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867194" title="Empress Myeongseong (TV series)">
Empress Myeongseong (TV series)

Empress Myeongseong (Hangul: 명성황후; Hanja: 明成皇后) is a 2001 TV Series produced by Korean TV channel KBS.
Historical connection.
Empress Myeongseong was considered as the last empress of Korea because of the Eulmi Incident (also called Operation Fox Hunt).

</doc>
<doc id="5867204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867204" title="William Peel, 3rd Earl Peel">
William Peel, 3rd Earl Peel

William James Robert Peel, 3rd Earl Peel (born 3 October 1947), styled Viscount Clanfield until 1969, is a cross-bench (non-party) member of the House of Lords and Lord Chamberlain of the Royal Household.
Background and education.
Lord Peel is the eldest son of Arthur Peel, 2nd Earl Peel, and Kathleen McGrath, daughter of Michael McGrath. He is a great-great-grandson of Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel. He attended Ampleforth College, and then went on to the University of Tours in France and the Royal Agricultural College, Cirencester.
Career.
Lord Peel was a member of the Prince's Council, part of the Duchy of Cornwall, from 1993 to 2006, and Lord Warden of the Stannaries from 1994-2006. He was a member of the Nature Conservancy Council, with English Nature, from 1991 to 1996. He is President of the Game Conservancy Trust and was President of the Yorkshire Wildlife Trust from 1989 to 1996. Lord Peel was also on the Yorkshire Dales National Park Committee for six years and became a Deputy Lieutenant of North Yorkshire in 1998. He is an elected hereditary crossbench member of the House of Lords. 
In June 2006 it was announced that Lord Peel would succeed Lord Luce as Lord Chamberlain. On 11 October 2006, he kissed hands with The Queen upon his appointment and was invested as a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order "(GCVO)", and became Chancellor of the Order. On 14 November 2006, Lord Peel was sworn in as a Member of the Privy Council.
Family.
Lord Peel married Veronica Naomi Livingston Timpson (born 21 January 1950), daughter of Major John Alastair Livingston Timpson and his wife (married 25 May 1940), Elizabeth P. Houstoun-Boswall (born 21 May 1915), on 28 March 1973. They had two children, Ashton Robert Gerard Peel, Viscount Clanfield (born 16 September 1976), and Lady Iona Joy Julia Peel (born 18 September 1978). The marriage was dissolved in 1987. He married, secondly, "The Honourable" Charlotte Clementine Soames (born 17 July 1954), daughter of Lord Soames and his wife, Mary Churchill, daughter of Sir Winston Churchill, on 15 April 1989. They have one daughter, Lady Antonia Mary Catherine Peel (born 1991).
Lord Peel's son, Lord Clanfield, married Matilda Rose Aykroyd (born 15 March 1978) in 2004. Matilda is the third daughter and fourth (and youngest) child of second Lieutenant of the Coldstream Guards David Peter Aykroyd (born 6 June 1937) and his wife Lydia Huldine Beamish (18 January 1939 - 9 July 2004). Lord and Lady Clanfield have three daughters, "The Honourable" Isla Rose Huldine Peel (born 24 March 2005), "The Honourable" Willa Katherine Peel (born 1 December 2006) and "The Honourable" Florence Iona Emily Peel (born 1 January 2011) 
Lord Peel's daughter by his first wife, Lady Iona Peel, married Robert Alexander Edward Bowen on 14 May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5867210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867210" title="Nanoa">
Nanoa

Nanoa is a sister genus of "Pimoa", in the spider family Pimoidae, containing the single species Nanoa enana.
Etymology.
Combined from Greek "nanos" "dwarf" and the ending "-oa", which follows the other pimoid genera "Pimoa" and "Weintrauboa".
The epitheton "enana" of the only species means "dwarf" in Spanish. 
Description.
"N. enana" is the smallest known pimoid species, with a total body length of only 1.5 mm.
Distribution.
"N. enana" occurs in northern California and southern Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="5867217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867217" title="Archie's law">
Archie's law

In petrophysics, Archie's law relates the in-situ electrical conductivity of a sedimentary rock to its porosity and brine saturation:
Here, formula_2 denotes the porosity, formula_3 the electrical conductivity of the fluid saturated rock, formula_4 represents the electrical conductivity of the brine, formula_5 is the brine saturation, formula_6 is the cementation exponent of the rock (usually in the range 1.8–2.0 for sandstones), formula_7 is the saturation exponent (usually close to 2) and formula_8 is the tortuosity factor.
Reformulated for electrical resistivity, the equation reads
with formula_10 for the fluid saturated rock resistivity, and formula_11 for the brine resistivity.
The factor
is also called the formation factor, where formula_13 is the resistivity of the rock filled with only water (formula_14).
The factor
is also called the resistivity index.
It is a purely empirical law attempting to describe ion flow (mostly sodium and chloride) in clean, consolidated sands, with varying intergranular porosity. Electrical conduction is assumed not to be present within the rock grains or in fluids other than water.
Archie's law is named after Gus Archie (1907–1978) who developed this empirical quantitative relationship between porosity, electrical conductivity, and brine saturation of rocks. Archie's law laid the foundation for modern well log interpretation as it relates borehole electrical conductivity measurements to hydrocarbon saturations (which, for fluid saturated rock, equals formula_16).
Parameters.
Cementation exponent, formula_6.
The cementation exponent models how much the pore network increases the resistivity, as the rock itself is assumed to be non-conductive. If the pore network were to be modelled as a set of parallel capillary tubes, a cross-section area average of the rock's resistivity would yield porosity dependence equivalent to a cementation exponent of 1. However, the tortuosity of the rock increases this to a higher number than 1. This relates the cementation exponent to the permeability of the rock, increasing permeability decreases the cementation exponent.
The exponent formula_6 has been observed near 1.3 for unconsolidated sands, and is believed to increase with cementation. Common values for this cementation exponent for consolidated sandstones are 1.8 < formula_6 < 2.0.
In carbonate rocks, the cementation exponent shows higher variance due to strong diagenetic affinity and complex pore structures. Values between 1.7 and 4.1 have been observed. 
The cementation exponent is usually assumed not to be dependent on temperature.
Saturation exponent, formula_7.
The saturation exponent formula_7 usually is fixed to values close to 2. The saturation exponent models the dependency on the presence of non-conductive fluid (hydrocarbons) in the pore-space, and is related to the wettability of the rock. Water-wet rocks will, for low water saturation values, maintain a continuous film along the pore walls making the rock conductive. Oil-wet rocks will have discontinuous droplets of water within the pore space, making the rock less conductive.
Tortuosity factor, formula_8.
The constant formula_8, called the "tortuosity factor", "cementation intercept", "lithology factor" or, "lithology coefficient" is sometimes used. It is meant to correct for variation in compaction, pore structure and grain size.
Measuring the exponents.
In petrophysics, the only reliable source for the numerical value of both exponents is experiments on sand plugs from cored wells. The brine conductivity can be measured directly on produced water samples. Alternatively, the brine conductivity and the cementation exponent can also be inferred from downhole electrical conductivity measurements across brine-saturated intervals. For brine-saturated intervals (formula_14) Archie's law can be written
Hence, plotting the logarithm of the measured in-situ electrical conductivity against the logarithm of the measured in-situ porosity (a so-called Pickett plot), according to Archie's law a straight-line relationship is expected with slope equal to the cementation exponent formula_6 and intercept equal to the logarithm of the in-situ brine conductivity.
Sands with clay/shaly sands.
Archie's law postulates that the rock matrix is non-conductive. For sandstone with clay minerals, this assumption is no longer true in general, due to the clay's structure and cation exchange capacity. The Waxman–Smits equation is one model that tries to correct for this.
This Law forms the basis of studying and interpreting WELL LOGS.

</doc>
<doc id="5867219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867219" title="Henry Ellenbogen">
Henry Ellenbogen

Henry Clayton Ellenbogen (April 3, 1900–July 4, 1985) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Henry Ellenbogen was born into a Jewish family in Vienna, Austria. He attended the University of Vienna Law School in Vienna, Austria. He immigrated to the United States and settled in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, and received his A.B. in 1921 and J.D. in 1924. He was appointed as arbitrator and public panel chairman by the National War Labor Board and the Third Regional War Labor Board in cases involving labor disputes. He wrote numerous articles on economic, social, and legal problems.
Ellenbogen was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third, Seventy-fourth, and Seventy-fifth Congresses and served until his resignation in 1938, having been elected judge of the common pleas court of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. He was reelected as a judge in November 1947 and again in 1957 and served as presiding judge, 1963 to 1966. He retired and was a resident of Miami, Florida, until his death there. He is buried in West View Cemetery of the Rodef Shalom Congregation in Squirrel Hill, Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="5867221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867221" title="Capital punishment in Iceland">
Capital punishment in Iceland

The medieval Icelandic Commonwealth (930–1262), having no central executive powers, did not apply capital punishment. It was, however, possible for the Althing to declare a man "réttdræpur" (English: "rightfully killable"). This made the killing of the person in question legal—although the executive power was invested in whosoever cared to pursue it, instead of being the duty of state officials.
History.
According to a plaque at Thingvellir National Park, 72 people are known to have been executed in the period from 1602 to 1750. Execution methods included beheading, hanging, burning at the stake and drowning. Whereas men were more commonly beheaded or hanged, supposedly-wayward women were instead lowered into the river directly next to the Law Rock itself with ropes, to either freeze to death or drown.
Later, when Iceland fell under the Danish Crown, Danish laws applied, more or less. The frequency of capital punishment increased considerably with the adoption of Lutheranism in the 17th century, but gradually disappeared by the mid-19th century.
The last execution.
The last application of capital punishment in Iceland took place on January 12, 1830, in Vatnsdalshólar in Húnavatnssýsla. The convicts were Agnes Magnúsdóttir, a farmhand, and Friðrik Sigurðsson, a farmer's son from Katadalur. Their crime was the murder of two men on March 14, 1828: Nathan Ketilsson, a farmer of Illugastaðir, and Pétur Jónsson of the "Geitaskarð" farm. They were executed by beheading.
This case was the basis for a 1995 Icelandic film "Agnes" by Egill Eðvarðsson and novel, "Burial Rites" by Australian writer Hannah Kent (May 2013).
Abolition.
Four years later, the last execution of an Icelander was carried out in Denmark. After 1830, dozens of Icelanders were found guilty of a crime punishable by death. Most of the cases were infanticides, where women who were unable to care for their newly-born illegitimate children would kill them. However, they were all granted a clemency by the King of Denmark. In 1869, a new law took effect in Iceland, harmonising Icelandic and Danish law—this law abolished the death penalty for lesser offences. In 1928 the death penalty was abolished entirely, and has not since had a place in Icelandic law.
Since the 1995 revision of the constitution, the reintroduction of capital punishment is forbidden.

</doc>
<doc id="5867226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867226" title="Area code 870">
Area code 870

Area code 870 is a telephone area code serving Arkansas, created on April 14, 1997, excluding the metropolitan areas surrounding Little Rock, Fort Smith, and Fayetteville/Springdale/Rogers. Major cities in the coverage area include Jonesboro, Mountain Home, Pine Bluff, Texarkana, and West Memphis.
The area code was the first to split from Arkansas's original area code—501. The supply of unassigned phone numbers for 870 is projected to run out sometime in 2013, according to the Arkansas Public Service Commission, prompting a December 2009 approval of a plan for an eventual overlay area code in this portion of the state. The overlay area code had not yet been determined according to December 2009 news articles, but NeuStar NANPA, the North American Numbering Plan Administration which is the assignment body for new area codes, had internally assigned the new area code, but had neither announced it publicly at the time, nor had the Arkansas Public Service Commission announced the new code. On the evening of Tuesday, January 12, 2010, NeuStar NANPA issued its Fourth Quarter 2009 Newsletter, which makes reference that 327 has been assigned as the new area code to overlay 870 in Arkansas.
However, the exhaust date has moved back to 2020 with little-used exchanges being released and numbers being recovered. As a result, the relief date may move back significantly.
On June 22, 2012, following several meetings between the telephone industry and the Arkansas Public Service Commission, the Commission issued an update to suspend implementation of the 327 overlay to 870, until further notice.
On June 25, 2012, NeuStar NANPA issued an updated Planning Letter 437, regarding the suspension of implementation of the overlay.

</doc>
<doc id="5867237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867237" title="Area code 479">
Area code 479

Area code 479 is the telephone area code serving thirteen counties in northwest Arkansas, including the cities of Fort Smith, Fayetteville, Springdale, Rogers and Bentonville: the second, third, fourth, eighth and tenth-largest cities in the state, respectively. It was created in 2002 in a split from area code 501.
Area code 479 serves Benton, Carroll (split with area code 870), Crawford, Franklin, Johnson, Logan, Madison, Polk, Pope, Scott, Sebastian, Washington and Yell Counties in Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="5867244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867244" title="Hank D'Amico">
Hank D'Amico

Hank D'Amico (March 21, 1915 – December 2, 1965), was an American jazz clarinetist. 
D'Amico was born in Rochester, NY. He began playing professionally with Paul Specht's band in 1936. That same year, he joined Red Norvo. In 1938, D'Amico began radio broadcasts with his own octet before returning briefly to Norvo's group in 1939. He played with Bob Crosby's orchestra in 1940 and 1941, then had his own big band about a year. D'Amico had short stints in the bands of Les Brown, Benny Goodman and Norvo again before working for CBS in New York. He also found time to play with Miff Mole and Tommy Dorsey. D'Amico spent ten years as a staff musician for ABC, and then played with Jack Teagarden in 1954. From that part he mostly worked with small groups, infrequently forming his own band. D'Amico played at the 1964 World's Fair in New York with The Morey Feld trio.[http://vervemusicgroup.com/artist.aspx?ob=per&src=prd&aid=4033]

</doc>
<doc id="5867245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867245" title="Álvaro Bautista">
Álvaro Bautista

Álvaro Bautista (born 21 November 1984 in Talavera de la Reina, Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He currently competes in the MotoGP class of the Grand Prix Motorcycle World Championship. Having competed for the Suzuki team since moving into the class in , Bautista moved to the Honda-equipped Gresini Racing team for the season.
Career.
Early years.
He made his international debut in the 2002 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, also finishing as runner-up in that year's Spanish 125cc road racing national championship. In 2003, he won the 125cc Spanish national championship. Bautista scored his first podium position and fastest lap at Donington Park in his second full season in 2004. In 2006 he won the 125cc World Championship with eight wins, on the MVA Aspar Aprilia.
250s.
2007.
For the 2007 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, he raced for the Aspar Racing Team in the 250cc class. He took his first 250cc victory at the 2007 Italian Grand Prix at Mugello on June 3, also claiming his maiden 250cc pole position that weekend. A second 250cc victory came at the Estoril on September 16, in the Portuguese Grand Prix, where – having started from sixth on the grid he dropped to twelfth during the first lap to carve his way through the field and eventually take an easy win. He finally ended the 2007 season fourth overall in the Championship, and was subsequently awarded the MotoGP / FIM "Rookie of the Year" Award for the 250cc class.
2008.
Having been tipped as the 2008 250cc champion, he finished 6th in the season opener in Qatar. At Jerez he looked set to win before his engine gave out on the final lap causing Marco Simoncelli to hit his bike, subsequently handing Mika Kallio the win. However, Bautista took his first win of the season at Estoril before he crashed out of the lead in China and Italy, only finishing 14th in Le Mans.
In Bautista's home race at the Catalunya circuit he dominated the qualifying sessions, took pole position and lead the race from the start, but an error while switching gears in the last lap gave Marco Simoncelli the chance to pass him and left him unable to fight back before the finish line. The British round at Donington marked his fourth pole of the season. In another fight with Simoncelli, Bautista missed the top spot again after an overly optimistic passing manoeuver by Simoncelli in the penultimate lap, which caused both riders to go wide and allowed Mika Kallio to pass them and snatch the win. A win finally came at Assen, despite an awful start from pole leaving him 8th at the end of lap 1. He added two more wins at San Marino and Malaysia to finish the season in second place behind Simoncelli.
2009.
Bautista started 2009 by taking three of the first five pole positions, without converting any of them into a victory. Wins in Japan and Catalunya, and a run of five successive podia later in the season, left him second behind surprise championship leader Hiroshi Aoyama. He crashed out of fourth place at Estoril due to a gearbox issue, denting his championship hopes.
MotoGP.
2010.
Bautista moved up to MotoGP for the season, with the factory Suzuki team. After missing the French Grand Prix due to injury, Bautista made a steady return to the class and finished fifth at the Catalan Grand Prix.
2011.
During practice for the MotoGP season opener in Qatar, Bautista suffered a broken left femur as a result of a crash at turn 15. Bautista proved on numerous occasions the potential of the Suzuki GSV-R, and almost claimed podium finishes at several races. His biggest flaw was arguably his tendency to crash, often while fighting for podium positions. He eventually finished the season 13th in the championship standings.
2012.
On 9 November 2011, it was announced that Bautista would move to Gresini Racing for the season. He replaced the late Marco Simoncelli and the World Superbike bound Hiroshi Aoyama. He would later be joined by Gresini's Moto2 rider Michele Pirro, who would ride a CRT specification FTR-Honda as apposed to Bautista, riding a MotoGP specification Honda. Bautista finished each of the first five races inside the top ten; of those races, his best result was sixth place on three occasions. Bautista achieved his first pole position in MotoGP at the British Grand Prix; he finished a tenth of a second clear of Ben Spies and Casey Stoner, who both joined Bautista on the front row. Bautista could not maintain the lead at the start of the race, after Spies led into the first corner; he recovered to finish in fourth place – behind Jorge Lorenzo, Stoner and Dani Pedrosa – which was his then best result in the MotoGP class.
At Assen, Bautista qualified eighth, but made a slow start and tried to alleviate his losses by braking late for the first turn. He locked the front wheel, and fell from his bike, taking down championship leader Lorenzo in the process. Both bikes slid along the ground, with Lorenzo's throttle jammed open, which blew the engine. Lorenzo lost his 25-point lead in the championship, after Stoner won the race; Yamaha lodged a complaint with race direction, stating that Bautista's actions were dangerous, and he was thus given a grid penalty for the German Grand Prix – starting last on the grid – for his actions.
Bautista finished the next five races within the top ten each time, before achieving his first ever MotoGP podium at Misano. He obtained another podium finish two races later at Motegi, after a race long battle with Briton Cal Crutchlow ended with Crutchlow running out of fuel before the race finish.
2013.
In 2013 Bautista continued riding for Team Gresini, with a new sponsor (GO & FUN) and teammate Bryan Staring. Bautista had a good season, battling consistently amongst the second group of riders, along with Valentino Rossi, Cal Crutchlow and Stefan Bradl. He finished sixth overall in the championship behind Crutchlow and in front of Bradl, with a best result of fourth obtained on three occasions, at Indianapolis, Aragon and Motegi.
2014.
For the 2014 season, Bautista was joined by new team-mate Scott Redding, but had a difficult start to the 2014 season, crashing out of each of the first three events on the calendar. He obtained his first championship points of the season with a sixth place in the Spanish Grand Prix, at Jerez. This was followed by a third place finish in the French Grand Prix, his last podium being at the 2012 Japanese Grand Prix.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5867257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867257" title="Virginia Symphony Orchestra">
Virginia Symphony Orchestra

The Virginia Symphony Orchestra (VSO) is an American orchestra serving the Hampton Roads metro area. The orchestra performs more than 200 concerts throughout the region notably at Chrysler Hall in Norfolk, The Sandler Center for the Performing Arts in Virginia Beach, the Ferguson Center for the Arts in Newport News, PBK Hall at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg and at Regent University in Virginia Beach. The VSO also works closely with Virginia Opera and the Virginia Arts Festival as well as every school district in the region. 
The orchestra was founded in 1920 as the Norfolk Symphony, and was for a time the only American orchestra between Baltimore and Atlanta. During the US economic crisis and recession of the 1970s, the Virginia Symphony assumed its present form in 1979 with the merger of the Norfolk Symphony, Peninsula Symphony Orchestra, and the Virginia Beach Pops Symphony. 
Past music directors of the orchestra have included Henry Cowles Whitehead, Edgar Schenkman and Russell Stanger. In May 1991, JoAnn Falletta was appointed the orchestra’s eleventh music director. Its current President and Executive Director is Eric Borenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="5867259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867259" title="Ted Easterly">
Ted Easterly

Theodore Harrison (Ted) Easterly (April 20, 1885 – July 6, 1951) was a catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Cleveland Naps (1909–1912), Chicago White Sox (1912–1913) and Kansas City Packers (1914–1915). Easterly batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. 
Easterly was a good contact hitter who batted over .300 four times. From to , he collected three consecutive .300 seasons with a high .324 in and led the American League with 11 pinch-hits in 1912. He jumped to the Federal League in 1914 and ended the season third in the batting race with a .335 average. A good defensive player with a solid throwing arm, he also served as a backup right fielder. 
In a seven-season career, Easterly was a .300 hitter with eight home runs and 261 RBI in 706 games played.
Easterly died in Clearlake Highlands, California, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="5867268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867268" title="The Last Empress (musical)">
The Last Empress (musical)

The Last Empress (Hangul: 뮤지컬 명성황후) is a musical about Empress Myeongseong of Korea. It debuted in 1995 as South Korea's first original musical, and is continuing its run in Seoul as of February 2007. It is based on a historical novel written by the well-known South Korean author Yi Mun Yol, composed by Kim Hee Gap, with lyrics by Yang In Ja (translated by Georgina St George), and directed by Yun Ho Jin. The 2-hour musical is produced by Seoul-based Arts Communication (A-Com). 
The original production at the Seoul Performing Arts Center expects to reach one million ticket sales by March 2007.[http://times.hankooki.com/lpage/nation/200702/kt2007020417312852920.htm]
It played at the New York State Theater, Lincoln Center, in 1997 and 1998, to favorable reviews. It also played in London's West End in 2002 the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles in 2003, [http://www.laweekly.com/index.php?option=com_lsd&task=film&Itemid=109&id=80431 and at Toronto's Hummingbird Centre in 2004 [http://www.thelastempress.com/en/last/history.html].

</doc>
<doc id="5867273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867273" title="Klosterneuburg Monastery">
Klosterneuburg Monastery

Klosterneuburg Monastery () is a twelfth-century Augustinian monastery of the Roman Catholic Church located in the town of Klosterneuburg in Lower Austria. Overlooking the Danube river, just north of the Vienna city limits at the Leopoldsberg, the monastery was founded in 1114 by Saint Leopold III of Babenberg, the patron saint of Austria, and his second wife Agnes of Germany.
The abbey church, dedicated the Nativity of Mary ("Maria Geburt"), was consecrated in 1136 and later remodeled in the Baroque style in the seventeenth century. The impressive monastery complex was mostly constructed between 1730 and 1834. Its foundations, including a castle tower and a Gothic chapel, date back to the twelfth century. Other older buildings still extant within the complex include the chapel of 1318 with Saint Leopold's tomb. From 1634 on, the Habsburg rulers had the facilities rebuilt in the Baroque style, continued by the architects Jakob Prandtauer and Donato Felice d'Allio. The plans to embellish the monastery on the scale of an Austrian Escorial were later resumed by the Neoclassical architect Joseph Kornhäusel, though only small parts were actually carried out. In 1879, the abbey church and monastery were restored according to plans by Friedrich von Schmidt, and the neo-Gothic twin steeples were erected.
Klosterneuburg Monastery contains the Verduner Altar, made in 1181 by Nicholas of Verdun. Its three parts comprise 45 gilded copper plates modeled on Byzantine paragons, similar to the Shrine of the Three Kings at Cologne Cathedral. The monastery also contains a museum with a collection of Gothic and Baroque sculpture and a gallery of paintings, including fifteen panel paintings by Rueland Frueauf from 1505, four Passion paintings from the backside of the Verduner Altar from 1331, and the Babenberg genealogical tree.
History.
During the Investiture Controversy in the early twelfth century, Margrave Leopold III of Babenberg sided with the Papacy against Emperor Henry IV. In 1106, the emperor's son, Emperor Henry V, who sided with the Papacy against his father, rewarded Leopold's loyalty by offering him his sister Agnes' hand in marriage, in recognition of his services. Agnes was the widow of Duke Frederick I of Swabia. Leopold, who was recently widowed from his first wife, accepted the hand of this daughter of the Imperial Salian dynasty.
With this new connection to two imperial families, Leopold's status was elevated by the marriage, which also brought with it a large dowry of royal possessions. Following his marriage, Leopold initiated plans to build a castle on Leopoldsberg for his new residence, which had formerly been at Gars am Kamp and Tulln an der Donau. He named the new castle "Niwenburc". According to legend, Leopold was standing with his wife on the balcony of their new castle when Agnes' veil was carried away by a strong gust of wind. The area was searched, but the veil was not found. Years later, Leopold was out hunting when he became attracted by a brilliant radiance coming from the foliage of an elderbush. The source of the light was the undamaged veil, entangled in the foliage. From the light emerged a vision of the Virgin Mary, who directed Leopold to build a church and monastery in her honour at that location.
In 1113, Leopold founded a monastery ("kloster") for secular canons next to his castle, providing it with generous donations of land. The cornerstone ceremony for the new abbey church took place on 12 June 1114. Leopold's younger son, the chronicler Otto of Freising, prepared for his ecclesiastical career at Klosterneuburg and became provost in 1126. In 1133, Leopold handed the monastery over to the Augustinians after repossessing it from the secular canons. Leopold sought to create an impressive but private monastery next to his residence.
On 29 September 1136, the abbey church was consecrated after 22 years of construction. The form of that original basilica has survived for nine centuries, despite many subsequent modifications and reconstructions. Most likely the two side aisles had lofts, the middle aisle was most likely higher, and above the crossing there was a tower. Two months after the consecration, Margrave Leopold III died on 15 November 1136. Agnes survived him by seven years. In 1156, Duke Henry II of Austria moved his residence from Klosterneuburg to Vienna after receiving the ducal title. Despite the change, the monastery continued to develop as a religious and cultural institution.
In 1220, Duke Leopold VI of Austria selected a Burgundian master architect to build the Capella Speziosa chapel beside the convent. This chapel, considered among the most beautiful sacred buildings of its time, was demolished in the eighteenth century. On 13 September 1330, the town and monastery were seriously damaged in a fire. The monastery and abbey church were renovated, and new works of art were commissioned by provost Stephan of Sierndorf. In 1394, construction began on the south tower of the early-Gothic abbey church. It would take two centuries before the tower was completed in 1592.
On 6 January 1485, Leopold III was canonized by Pope Innocent VIII. As a result, Klosterneuburg soon became an important pilgrimage site. Throughout the fifteenth century, the Augustinian canons had devoted themselves to humanistic studies and the sciences, especially geography and astronomy. During the various wars of that period, especially the Ottoman sieges of Vienna in 1529 and 1679, the monastery suffered severe damage. In the sixteenth century, the Protestant Reformation posed another threat to the monastery, as its influence led to reduced numbers—at one point leaving the monastery in the care of only seven canons. The success of the Counter-Reformation during the seventeenth century strengthened and renewed the monastery.
Between 1634 and 1645, the first phase of remodeling the abbey church in the Baroque style took place. Artists from northern Italy were brought in to work on the project, under the guidance of Giovanni Battista Carlone. In 1636, the crossing tower was demolished. Between 1638 and 1644, the north tower of the abbey church was constructed. In 1644, a 6000-kg bell was cast and installed in the north tower, named "Leopoldiglocke", after Saint Leopold III. The second phase of remodeling the abbey church in the Baroque style took place between 1680 and 1702.
In the fall of 1683, a massive Ottoman army under the leadership of Kara Mustafa Pasha laid siege to Vienna and threatened Klosterneuburg. Most of the town and monastery escaped with the members of the imperial court, but two men—one priest and one lay brother—remained behind with the citizens to defend the town and monastery. The lower part of the town was surrendered to the attackers, but the upper part and the monastery were defended successfully. The defense of Klosterneuburg turned out to be strategically important because it served as flank protection during the rescue of Vienna by the Christian forces under the leadership of King John III Sobieski.
The final phase of remodeling the abbey church in the Baroque style took place between 1723 and 1730. During this period, the presbytery, choir stalls, high altar, court oratorio, and pews were all remodeled. In 1730, construction of the monastery in the Baroque style began with the Imperial Edifice. The idea of making Klosterneuburg the most impressive religious structure in Austria dated back to the Middle Ages with Saint Leopold III and Leopold VI. Emperor Charles VI now sought to make Klosterneuburg a secular and spiritual center after the model of the Escorial in Spain. Construction of the monastery continued for ten years, under Donato Felice d'Allio, who was inspired by Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach, the master architect of Vienna at the time. With the death of Emperor Charles VI in 1740, building activity was discontinued. Only the east and north wings of the monastery complex were finished—about one eighth of the planned construction.
In 1768, the theological academy at the monastery was founded. The accession of Emperor Joseph II as Archduke of Austria in 1780 marked a change in the Empire's relationship with the Church. Inspired by the Age of Enlightenment, Joseph was anxious to reduce the power of the church, to relieve the peasantry of feudal burdens, and to remove restrictions on trade and knowledge. During this period, the monastery increased its pastoral work in creating new parsonages and making available to poor citizens certain monastery properties on the outskirts of Vienna. In gratitude, some of the new Vienna suburbs were named after monastery provosts, for example, Floridsdorf (named for Floridus Leeb) and Gaudenzdorf (named for Gaudenz Dunkler).
In 1836, construction of the monastery resumed, and by 1842, the residential wing, the south wing, and the west wing were finished by Neoclassical architect Joseph Kornhäusel from Vienna. Only two of the planned nine domes were completed. The main dome bears the imperial crown, and the smaller dome the archducal crown. In 1879, a major restoration project was initiated, according to plans by Friedrich von Schmidt. During this period, the vestry and choir chapel were erected, as well as the neo-Gothic twin steeples. Between 1898 and 1901, the mural paintings in the side chapels were created by Karl Peyfuss. In 1911, the course of the Danube river was regulated to its current location, about two kilometers from the monastery. In 1936, the abbey church was granted the title "Basilica minor" by Pope Pius XI.
The "Anschluss" of 1938 brought devastation to the Klosterneuburg community. In 1941, the Nazis suppressed the canonry and confiscated the buildings and properties. Only a few canons were permitted to remain and continue ministering to the faithful. Some canons went out into the parishes, others were drafted into the army, and many lost their lives because of their involvement in the resistance movement. Immediately after the war, some canons were murdered for standing up against the Russian soldiers who preyed on Austrian women and girls. Provost Alipius Linda, elected in 1937, guided the community wisely through both the Nazi period and the subsequent Communist occupation.
During the post-war period, Provost Gebhard Koberger presided over the rebuilding of the abbey's financial condition, as well as the reconstruction of several of the monastery's churches which had been damaged or destroyed by the bombing. Provost Gebhard was elected Abbot General of the Austrian Congregation and attended the Second Vatican Council. In 1969, he was elected Abbot Primate of the Confederation of Augustinian Canons. In 1985, on the celebration of his golden jubilee of priesthood, Provost Gebhard inaugurated the Provost Gebhard Koberger Institute for Research on the Augustinian Canons. He resigned due to poor health in 1995, and died in 1997.
Verdun Altar.
The chapel of St Leopold contains the Verdun Altar made in 1181 by Nicholas of Verdun. Its three parts comprise 45 gilded copper plates modeled on Byzantine paragons, similar to the Shrine of the Three Kings at Cologne Cathedral. Originally manufactured as panels, they were assembled as an altar in secondary utilization circa 1330.
The tripartite concept is reflected in the arrangement of the plates. According to the biblical exegesis, the depictions are split into three rows of the eras of Adam and Noah, of Abraham, David and the Babylonian captivity and finally of Jesus' life, placed in the central part. The columns of adjacent plates of different ages symbolise their connection according to the ideas of the typology theory. The arrangement may refer to the mystic doctrines of the medieval theologian Hugh of Saint Victor. American scholar Elfie Raymond, professor of philosophy and hermeneutics at Sarah Lawrence College of New York produced a masterful online catalog of the typology of virtues found in the theological program.
Provosts.
Klosterneuburg has had 66 provosts in its history. With the exception of two four-year lapses at the end of the sixteenth and beginning of the seventeenth centuries, the community has enjoyed stable and continual self–governance for nearly 900 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5867284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867284" title="Tubthumper">
Tubthumper

Tubthumper is the eighth studio album by the anarchist band Chumbawamba, and is the album that catapulted them into the mainstream, released by EMI and in the United States by Universal Records. Many of the tracks address specific social issues, such as homelessness, the Liverpool Dockers' Strike or racism; a fair number of them express the far-left/anarchist critiques of British liberals in "New Labour," which started in 1994. "Tubthumper" was the band's first major commercial success, and remains their most successful album, selling over 3 million units in the United States alone, largely on the strength of the hit lead single "Tubthumping". Cover design for the album's U.S. release was designed by Michael Calleia at Industrial Strength Design in New York City.
EMI controversy.
"Tubthumper" caused a huge upheaval in Chumbawamba's fan base, with many of their older fans feeling the band had trivialised all that they had stood for in signing to EMI. The band was targeted by many as being sell-outs and hypocrites, after having been sternly do-it-yourself for their fifteen year history up until this point (when people cite this fact, however, they do tend to overlook that for many years, Chumbawamba were signed to a smaller commercial label, One Little Indian Records, and the fact that it was distributed by major label London Records). The band, always more about the original punk ethos of challenging 'normality' than the homogenous strait-jacket of post-punk with its numerous rules and regulations, revelled in the controversy.
The band's actions were made the subject of a compilation EP released in 1998 titled "The Anti-Chumbawamba EP", featuring music from other English acts. One of the songs from the EP was once available to download on the Chumbawamba official Web site, with accompanying text from the band stating, "It's all true."
Dunstan Bruce and Danbert Nobacon are shown reading hate mail from various fans and ex-fans in the 2000 Chumbawamba documentary, "Well Done Now Sod Off". The letters are quite rude and severely critical of the actions undertaken by the band, with Bruce having trouble finishing one letter and laughingly exclaiming his amazement at the harshness.
The band's official FAQ has the following to say on the subject: "We signed to EMI/Universal not because we'd been co-opted into the 'If you can't beat capitalism ... join it' school of thought, but because experience had taught us that in a capitalist environment almost every record company operates on capitalist principles. Our previous record label One Little Indian didn't have the evil symbolic significance of EMI BUT they were completely motivated by profit. Our [Chumbawamba's] position was that whoever we signed with would want us not for our ideas but for the potential profit, so we'd battle for a contract where we still had autonomy."
Track listing.
All songs written and arranged by Chumbawamba
Personnel.
"with"
"also featuring"
The track "The Good Ship Lifestyle" samples from the BBC Radio 4 Shipping Forecast.

</doc>
<doc id="5867292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867292" title="Scott Couper">
Scott Couper

Scott Couper (born January 6, 1970) is an American football player from Scotland. He played at wide receiver, most notably for the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe.
Career.
Couper's first experience of American football came with the amateur British American Football league, playing eight seasons for the Glasgow Lions. Couper also played for Strathclyde University's setup in the British Collegiate American Football League in 1991, going all the way to the playoffs.
Scottish Claymores.
In 1995 he was signed by the newly founded Claymores to fulfill their contingent of National (non-American) players; NFL Europe rules required a number to be on the roster and at least one to compete in every other series of downs. Couper, wearing uniform number 81, played in nine of the Claymores' ten seasons of existence, initially retiring in 2001 before making a comeback in 2003. Couper amassed over 100 receptions and scored 10 touchdowns in his time with the club, and was voted the league-wide National Offensive Player of the Year in 1997. He played in two World Bowls with the Claymores, winning a World Bowl ring in World Bowl IV. Couper was statistically one of the most successful national players in the league.
Since the Claymores folded in 2004, he has continued to support American football programs in Scotland. Couper was inducted to the Claymores' Hall of Fame on June 24, 2006 as part of the tenth anniversary of the World Bowl in Scotland celebrations.
Chicago Bears.
On July 27, 1997, Couper was included on the Chicago Bears roster for one of the "American Bowl" preseason matches against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Croke Park, Dublin. Couper played one series late in the game, and was thrown to (but the pass was broken up) on third down.

</doc>
<doc id="5867298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867298" title="List of Scytodidae species">
List of Scytodidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Scytodidae as of Sept. 10, 2013.
Dictis.
"Dictis" L. Koch, 1872
Scyloxes.
"Scyloxes" Dunin, 1992
Scytodes.
"Scytodes" Latreille, 1804
Soeuria.
"Soeuria" Saaristo, 1997
Stedocys.
"Stedocys" Ono, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="5867312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867312" title="Piano-vocal score">
Piano-vocal score

A vocal score or piano-vocal score is a music score of an opera, or a vocal or choral composition with orchestra such as an oratorio or cantata, in which the vocal parts are written out in full but the accompaniment is reduced and adapted for keyboard (usually piano). The music is usually reduced to two staves; however, more staves, a second keyboardist (piano-four-hands), or a second keyboard part can be added as needed. 
There are two main types of piano-vocal scores. The first kind consists of those scores created by a composer in the process of composing, usually as a harmonic map of the piece to be later orchestrated. The second category includes scores that are arrangements or transcriptions made after the completion of the work, usually by someone other than the composer. 
Piano-vocal scores are generally created for purely practical reasons, such as rehearsing of singers or studying the compositional structure of the score. Before the widespread availability of sound recordings, piano-vocal scores were also sold for small-scale or home performance of the piece, where a full orchestra would not be practical.

</doc>
<doc id="5867313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867313" title="E-Hobby">
E-Hobby

e-Hobby is an online Japanese retailer that is perhaps best known for creating and selling exclusive repaints of Transformers by Takara. One of the reasons that these figures are so coveted is because they are often new or rare characters. None of the e-Hobby original characters have been reproduced on a mass level with the exception of Sunstorm who has seen two other incarnations in the United States by Takara's franchise partner Hasbro.

</doc>
<doc id="5867314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867314" title="2006 Basel hooligan incident">
2006 Basel hooligan incident

The 2006 Basel hooligan incident (often called "Disgrace of Basel") occurred on 13 May 2006 in Basel, Switzerland. On that day hooligans supporting the Swiss football club FC Basel 1893 stormed the field of the St. Jakob-Park after a championship-deciding match against the FC Zürich. FC Zürich scored in the dying moments of the match and won 2–1. The goal ended the dream of Basel winning the Swiss Super League a third time in a row. This resulted in property damage and riots between hooligans of both the FCB and their rival supporters after the match. This riot is considered as one of the worst incidents involving hooliganism in Swiss sport to date.
Course of events.
FC Basel and FC Zürich were practically neck and neck for the entire 2005–06 Swiss Super League season. It all came down to a last match between the last two championship competing teams on the 13 May in Basel. The situation was that Basel were in first position in the league table, three points ahead, and they had a home fixture in the sold out St. Jakob-Park against their sole remaining rivals for the championship title Zürich. Therefore Basel needed one sole point to be Swiss champions, a draw would have been sufficient. Zürich, on the other hand, required a win to top Basel and win the championship. 
The game itself was fought fiercely with many fouls on both sides. In the 90th minute the score was 1-1 which would have meant that Basel would have been championship winners by three points. The Basel fans and the officials were already celebrating and preparing for the victory celebrations. During the last few minutes of the match Basel played very defensively, keeping the ball out of their half of the field. In the 93rd minute Zürich were awarded a throw-in from the right side of the field. The ball was thrown in, some twenty meters further forward from the correct point, to the right flank of the field, from where midfielder Florian Stahel crossed the ball into the Basel penalty area. The Basel defense failed to remove the ball from their penalty area and it came to Zürich defender Iulian Filipescu who shot the ball past Basel goalkeeper Pascal Zuberbühler into the left hand corner of the goal. Referee Massimo Busacca ended the match directly after the goal and Zürich were champions. 
The Zürich players immediately started celebrating with their team officials. Not even 30 seconds after the final whistle had been blown, dozens of Basel supporters stormed the pitch. These hooligans started attacking the Zürich players and officials who then tried to flee into the changing rooms. Filipescu was attacked numerous times. A flare was also thrown at him, but it narrowly missed its target. On the other end of the stadium the small group of Zürich fans who had travelled to the match started celebrating with their players, whilst police built a human wall near the center line to prevent the hooligans from advancing any further.
The supporters of FC Zürich also invaded the field illegally. Whilst celebrating with their fans, Filipescu was attacked again by Basel hooligans. He and his team-mate Alhassane Keita furiously kicked the attackers out of their vicinity before the police detained them. The victory ceremony was held on the main stands instead of on the playing field because the hooligans were still clashing with the police. By this time the police were beginning to outnumber the vandals. The fighting and clashing did not end immediately after the match. Further battles were held between hooligans and police outside the stadium and this lasted until late into the night. The police used water canon and rubber bullets to restore order.
Consequences.
FC Basel made their statement to the events and distanced themselves from the hooligan fraction straight away. 
FC Basel were punished because of their inability to control their own fans. The club was fined CHF 80,000. Additionally the first two home games of the 2006-2007 season were held completely without spectators, in so called "ghost matches". The following three games were to be held with just 3/4 of stadium capacity, without the eastern corner (the called the "Muttenzer Kurve") of the stadium being unoccupied during the games. 
FC Zürich were also punished because of their inability to prevent their fans setting foot on the field. Zürich were fined CHF 30,000. 
Many security procedures for the Euro 2008 in Switzerland and Austria were also rethought due to these events.

</doc>
<doc id="5867316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867316" title="Mary Birdsong">
Mary Birdsong

Mary Birdsong (born April 18, 1968) is an American actress, comedian, writer, and singer.
Life and career.
Birdsong was born on Long Beach Island, New Jersey, one of five sisters. She played the role of "Kai Mitchell" opposite George Clooney in the Alexander Payne film "The Descendants". She may be best known for her role as Deputy Cherisha Kimball on the Comedy Central series "Reno 911!". She is also known for her Judy Garland impression. She is a former correspondent on "The Daily Show" and "Crossballs". As a voice actor, she has appeared in animated series such as "Stroker and Hoop" and ', as well as the best-selling video game '. She is the reader of the audiobook version of the 2007 Bridie Clark book, "Because She Can". She sings in the rock bands Cottonhead and 99 Cent Whore.
Broadway and live theater.
From July 2006 – January 2007, Birdsong performed in the "" comedy musical, alongside Martin Short, Marc Shaiman, Nicole Parker, Brooks Ashmanskas, and Capathia Jenkins. In 2007, she won a Theater World Award for her performance. On January 29, 2008, Birdsong joined the Broadway cast of the musical, "Hairspray". She played the role of Velma Von Tussle, the bigoted, pushy stage mother and television producer. Birdsong left the production on April 6, 2008. She then performed her one-woman show "3 Days in the Tub: A Mama Drama" in Los Angeles at Comedy Central Stage (September 2010) & the Fake Gallery (November 2010), and in New York City at Joe's Pub (January 2011) . before going to San Francisco to play Mona Ramsey in ACT's adaptation of Armistead Maupin's Tales of the City.
Mary, along with author Justin Halpern ("Shit My Dad Says") and comic Jen Kober ("American Reunion"), performed as a member of the May 2012 cast of Don't Tell My Mother! (Live Storytelling), an LA-based comedy showcase.

</doc>
<doc id="5867328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867328" title="Steve Woods">
Steve Woods

Stephen John "Steve" Woods (born 15 December 1976) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Chesterfield, Plymouth Argyle, Stoke City and Torquay United.
Career.
Woods was born in Davenham, Cheshire and began his career as a trainee with Stoke City, turning professional in August 1994. He made his league debut in March 1998, coming on as first half substitute for Ally Pickering in a 2–1 defeat at home to Huddersfield Town. Later that month he joined Plymouth Argyle on loan, making five appearances before returning to Stoke. Woods' first start for Stoke, under manager Brian Little, came on the opening day of the 1998–99 season, a 3–1 home victory over Northampton Town. He remained a regular in the side for most of the season playing in 39 matches with Stoke finishing in a poor position of 8th.
He was released by Stoke in May 1999 and joined Chesterfield in July 1999. He failed to establish himself at Chesterfield and was allowed to join Darlington on trial in November 2000. He returned to Chesterfield at the end of his trial and moved to Torquay United on a free transfer in August 2001. He initially signed on a short-term contract, making an impressive debut against Bournemouth in the League Cup. Torquay manager Roy McFarland was impressed enough to reward Woods with a contract for the next two seasons.
He was a regular in his first season, but in 2002–03 played only nine times due to a serious knee injury. He was given a short-term 'prove your fitness' deal at the end of the season, which was extended as he returned to form. He later helped Leroy Rosenior's side win promotion to League One, and remained a significant player in the side relegated the following season and who battled to avoid a second successive relegation in the 2005–06 season. He remained with the club following their relegation to the Conference National in 2007 and was appointed captain for the following season. In March 2009, Torquay manager Paul Buckle announced that the club would not be offering Woods a new contract for the 2009–10 season, citing his reasons as wanting to bring through his younger players such as Mark Ellis and Chris Robertson. 
He spent the 2009 pre-season with Morecambe, joining Stalybridge Celtic in August 2009. For the 2010–11 season he signed with Northwich Victoria and in September 2010 he commenced on a part-time Bachelor's degree in Physiotherapy at the University of Salford. In March 2011 he joined FC Halifax Town on loan.

</doc>
<doc id="5867330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867330" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Belgium">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Belgium

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Belgium is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Belgium, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Belgium.
The embassy is located in Brussels, Belgium's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Belgium since 1967. The Ambassador to Belgium is concurrently accredited to Luxembourg and the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5867331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867331" title="Riverside Company">
Riverside Company

The Riverside Company is a global private equity firm focused on investing in growing small and medium-sized enterprises (with a value of up to $250 million/€200 million). Since its founding in 1988, the firm has invested in more than 310 acquisitions. As of July 2013, Riverside's global investment portfolio includes more than 75 companies with approximately 13,000 employees; their most recent acquisition being Blue Microphones over the summer of 2013. Riverside has offices and makes investments across North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. The firm’s investors include the some of world’s leading pension funds, endowments, funds of funds, insurance companies and banks.

</doc>
<doc id="5867337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867337" title="Crinum pedunculatum">
Crinum pedunculatum

Crinum pedunculatum also known as the Swamp Lily, River Lily or Mangrove Lily, is a bulbous perennial found in stream and tidal areas of the Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales, Australia as well as New Guinea and some Pacific Islands. It is unclear whether it is native or introduced to Norfolk Island.
"C. pedunculatum" is considered by some sources to be a synonym of "Crinum asiaticum" var. "pedunculatum". The differences between "C. asiaticum" and "C. pedunculatum" are subtle. The latter tends to be somewhat smaller, but has broader petals, giving it a less fragile appearance.
It is a very large bulbous perennial plant, up to 2 to 3 metres tall, with a spread of up to 3 metres. It likes either full sun or partial shade. It is usually found on the edge of forests, but also at the high tide level close to mangroves.
The white, fragrant flowers are in a cluster with 10 to 100 flowers on an umbel.
Cultivation and uses.
"C. pedunculatum" makes a beautiful feature plant in a large garden. It prefers a fairly well shaded position. It is a good container plant if kept well-watered. The sap has been used as an antidote for marine stingers.
Propagation.
The flowers produce a small bulb, or the larger bulbs in the ground may be transplanted.

</doc>
<doc id="5867341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867341" title="Julie-Ann Jones">
Julie-Ann Jones

Julie-Ann Jones was a fictional character in the UK soap opera "Family Affairs", played by Chloe Howman from 1999 until 2000
Character information.
Julie-Ann arrived in Charnham in 1999, to see her older sister Siobhan and gain independence from their parents. Julie-Ann quickly went on to pursue local publican Pete Callan until her mother, Patsy intervened and revealed to her that Pete was actually in fact her father. 
Julie-Ann used this to her advantage and began milking Pete for all he was worth. 
Later that year, Julie-Ann had an affair with Siobhan's boyfriend, Declan Byrne.
In 2000, Julie-Ann was raped at the hands of one of Pete's associates, Jon Tyler. Pete set up a measure of revenge by selling him his previous wine bar, The Lock and flooding it.
That March, Julie-Ann began an affair with the recently married Josh Matthews and the two fled to Greece together, leaving Josh's wife Yasmin devastated.
Julie-Ann was never seen in Charnham again, although Pete did visit her several times and referred to her on occasion. Her final mention was by Cat MacKenzie, who had informed her of Pete's death and subsequent funeral, but Julie-Ann didn't return.
Julie-Ann was born in about 1981. She was 18 in late 1999 and in an episode in January 2000 she mentioned that she was still 18 so she must have been born in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5867343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867343" title="Henri Nicol">
Henri Nicol

Henri Paul Hipolito Nicol was an officer of the French Navy in the 19th century. Based on the ship "Minerva" of the French Oriental Fleet, he deserted when the ship was anchored at Yokohama harbour, with his friend Eugène Collache to rally other French officers, led by Jules Brunet, who had embraced the cause of the Bakufu in the Boshin War.
Nicol was a classmate of Collache as the Ecole Navale, France's Military Academy, where he had learnt some Japanese.
Nicol participated to the Naval Battle of Miyako, when three Bakufu warships were dispatched for a surprise attack against Imperial forces. He was on the "Kaiten" together with the samurai warriors, the Shinsengumi. The other ships were the "Banryu" and the "Takao". Nicol had been selected for the main attack on the "Kaiten" because he was a native of Bordeaux, and happened to know well about the characteristics and construction of the revolutionary warship "Kotetsu", built in the same city.
To create surprise, the "Kaiten" entered Miyako harbour with an American flag, and the "Banryu" with a Russian one. They raised the Bakufu flag seconds before boarding the "Kotetsu". The "Kotetsu" managed to repel the attack with a Gatling gun, with huge loss on the attacking side. Nicol was severely wounded in the leg and arm. 
The two rebel warships escaped back to Hokkaido however, but the "Takao" was pursued and wrecked herself voluntarily.
After the reddition of the Bakufu forces and the end of the conflict, Nicol was sent back to France with the other French officer. He was judged for treason, but condemned lightly. He was soon drafted as a private soldier in the Franco-Prussian War, but died in the conflict at the age of 24.

</doc>
<doc id="5867352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867352" title="The Girls of Kamare">
The Girls of Kamare

The Girls of Kamare ("Les Filles de Kamare") (1974) is a Situationist film by René Viénet. Unlike Viénet's previous work, "Can dialectics break bricks?" (1973), "The Girls of Kamare" includes original 16 mm hardcore inserts shot by Viénet. 
The film is the detournement of the Tōei "sukeban" film ' (1972) directed by Norifumi Suzuki. The title of the original film is given as "Une petite culotte pour l'été", director credited as "Suzuki Noribumi". Opening credits are taken from the 1973 film ' of Teruo Ishii. While "Can dialectics break bricks?" was essentially a dub parody, the film keeps the original Japanese sound track with indelicate French subtitles.
The plot follows a team of female heroes, forced into a disciplinary school, who revolt against the authorities and their assistants. The original Japanese film ends in a successful riot which plays directly into Viénet's detournement. Unlike "Dialectics", "The Girls of Kamare" is less self-critical and relies more on traditional conceptions of heroism.

</doc>
<doc id="5867358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867358" title="List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Brazil">
List of ambassadors of New Zealand to Brazil

The Ambassador from New Zealand to Brazil is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Federative Republic of Brazil, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Brazil.
The embassy is located in Brasília, Brazil's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident ambassador in Brazil since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5867379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867379" title="Beesley's Point Generating Station">
Beesley's Point Generating Station

The Beesley's Point Generating Station, also called the B.L. England Generating Station, is a power plant in Upper Township, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States, on the Great Egg Harbor River. The facility provides approximately 450 megawatts of generating capacity from three generating units. Two units burn coal (and up to 7 percent used tires) and the third unit burns bunker C oil. Its large smokestack, altered to resemble a lighthouse, contains a sulfur dioxide scrubber which removes the SO2 from the flue gas and converts it into gypsum, which can be sold. The scrubber allows the two coal units to use less expensive high sulfur coal from West Virginia. 
The plant is visible from the Great Egg Harbor Bridge on the Garden State Parkway, and many confuse it with the Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station and its hyperboloid cooling tower, which recirculates hot water to avoid discharging into Great Egg Harbor Bay and causing thermal pollution.
On August 17, 2006, Pepco Holdings announced that its subsidiary, Atlantic City Electric Company, reached an agreement to sell the facility to RC Cape May Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Rockland Capital Energy Investments, LLC for $12.2 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5867382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867382" title="1975 PBA season">
1975 PBA season

The 1975 PBA Season was the inaugural season of the Philippine Basketball Association.
All-Star games.
In pioneering version of All-star games on December 23, the Brown team coach by Baby Dalupan beats Dante Silverio's Yellow squad, 126-123, in the third and deciding match of the PBA Ovaltine dream games, members of the Brown team were Ramon Fernandez, William Adornado, Rudolf Kutch, Rudy Soriano, Atoy Co, Francis Arnaiz, Larry Mumar, Dave Regullano, Freddie Hubalde, Reynaldo Alcantara, Estoy Estrada, Rey Franco, Cristino Reynoso, Jimmy Noblezada and Romy Cabading, the Yellow team were composed of Robert Jaworski, Rosalio Martirez, Bernie Fabiosa, Johnny Revilla, Lim Eng Beng, Gregorio Dionisio, Danny Florencio, Jimmy Mariano, Adriano Papa, Manny Paner, Abet Guidaben, Rudolfo Segura, Ricardo Cleofas, Ramon Lucindo and Romeo Frank, who replaced the suspended Philip Cezar.
Notes.
The first and second conference of the season were officially named as All-Filipino Conference and Open Conference respectively. The first All-Filipino Conference was reclassified in the 2010s as an import-laced tournament since the league gave teams the option to hire foreign players or "imports". Both tournaments were renamed as First and Second Conference based on the 2013 edition of Hardcourt, the official PBA Annual.
External links.
http://www.pba-online.net/season-leaders/1975/

</doc>
<doc id="5867389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5867389" title="List of Blood+ episodes">
List of Blood+ episodes

"Blood+" is an animated television series created by Production I.G. It premiered in Japan on October 8, 2005 on MBS/TBS, and continued with episodes every week (except on December 31, 2005) until September 23, 2006. The series simultaneously aired on Animax, Sony's Japanese anime satellite channel, with its networks in Southeast Asia and South Asia airing the series later. It was directed by Junichi Fujisaku and features original character designs by Chizu Hashii. Fifty consecutive episodes were aired spanning four distinct seasons. Each season is differentiated by opening and ending themes from a variety of artists, with the final episode using the season one ending theme. 
Through Sony's international division, "Blood+" is licensed for distribution in multiple regions, including Region 1. It began airing in dubbed English in the United States on March 11, 2007 as part of the Adult Swim block of Cartoon Network, where it ran until its conclusion on March 23, 2008. The first Region 1 DVDs were released on March 4, 2008, with a simultaneous release of a single five episode volume and a twenty-five episode box set.
The series was first released to Region 2 DVD in Japan by Aniplex in thirteen volumes. The first volume contained two episodes, and each subsequent volume contained four more. The first volume was released December 21, 2005 and the final on December 29, 2006. All of the volumes have Japanese language tracks with no subtitles. The first Region 1 DVDs were released on March 4, 2008, with a simultaneous release of a single five episode volume and a twenty-five episode box set.
Sony Entertainment began releasing its English adaptation of the series on March 4, 2008. Sony released two versions simultaneously: an individual volume containing the first five episodes, and a six disc special edition set containing the first 25 episodes and several exclusive extras. The second box set, containing the remaining 25 episodes and more extras, was released on October 20, 2009
Each season uses different songs for its opening and ending themes. For the first season of "Blood+," the opening theme is by Hitomi Takahashi and the ending theme is by Chitose Hajime. "Seasons’ Call" by Hyde is used as the opening for the second season, and "Cry No More" by Mika Nakashima is used for the ending. For the third season, the opening theme is "Colors of the Heart" by Uverworld and the ending theme is "This Love" by Angela Aki. Final season episodes open with by Jinn and close with "Brand New Map" by K. For the series finale, however, "The Things I Pass Down" is reprised for the closing sequence.

</doc>
