<doc id="5962020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962020" title="Lavie Tidhar">
Lavie Tidhar

Lavie Tidhar () (born November 16, 1976) is an Israeli born writer. He has lived in the United Kingdom and South Africa for long periods of time. He has also lived in Vanuatu and Laos. As of 2013, Tidhar lives in London. 
Early life.
Tidhar grew up in the communal atmosphere of an Israeli Kibbutz. He began to travel extensively from the age of 15 and incorporates his experiences as a traveller into several of his works.
Bibliography.
Short stories.
The "Central Station" story cycle.
Several of Tidhar's short stories relate to one another in the following chronological order, according to the author:

</doc>
<doc id="5962025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962025" title="Norvell">
Norvell

Norvell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5962032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962032" title="Christian Knees">
Christian Knees

Christian Knees (born 5 March 1981) is a German professional road racing cyclist who rides for . He won the German National Road Race Championship in 2010. In 2011 he was originally going to join the Australian team known as Pegasus but left after they failed to secure a UCI Professional Continental license. He ultimately joined as a domestique.

</doc>
<doc id="5962037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962037" title="A. J. Buckley">
A. J. Buckley

Alan John "A. J." Buckley (born February 9, 1978) is an Irish-born, Canadian television and film actor.
Early life.
Buckley immigrated at the age of six with his family from Ireland to White Rock, British Columbia.
In his teens, Buckley began his acting career in the television series "The Odyssey" followed by guest starring roles in "The X-Files" and "Millennium".
He also attended Saint Thomas More Collegiate; a high school in British Columbia.
Career.
Buckley appeared in the 1998 thriller science fiction film, "Disturbing Behavior", alongside actress Katie Holmes. In 2005, Buckley was offered the part of on the hit crime drama '. The part was supposed to be a recurring role, but by the end of the show's third season in 2007 he was offered a five-year contract. Before receiving the role of Adam Ross, Buckley had appeared as a different character on the original ' in a 2004 episode.
In 2006, the film "Jimmy and Judy" was released, the first fully interactive 3D cyber world. When the "" episode featuring Buckley aired in 2006, director Randall K. Rubin called Buckley to discuss the success of an episode of "CSI: NY", entitled "Down the Rabbit Hole" and the internet activity it had generated for Buckley. Harold Whaley, program director for "Urban Network", suggested the idea of an in-world premiere featuring Buckley as a guest host and panelist for a post screening Q&A.
Buckley is the celebrity spokesperson for the Mantra Venture Group, an environmental technology company.
Personal life.
Between 2007 and 2008 he was in a relationship with actress Sharni Vinson. Buckley proposed to his girlfriend of two years, Abigail Ochse on December 31, 2012 while on vacation in Hawaii. On September 3, 2013 Buckley announced they were expecting a baby girl. The couple welcomed daughter Willow Phoenix Buckley on January 19, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5962043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962043" title="Louiche Mayorga">
Louiche Mayorga

Louiche Mayorga is best known for his bass playing in the Venice punk band Suicidal Tendencies. He co-wrote many of their earlier songs including the punk classic "Institutionalized" from their 1983 debut album on Frontier, as well as" "War Inside My Head," "Possessed to Skate." and the title track "Join the Army" from their second release on Caroline. He has also played for Venice bands; Los Cycos, Uncle Slam, Horny Toad, AgainST and most recently joined forces with his long-time friends Beowülf playing bass on their new album, entitled "Jesus Freak". Mayorga is currently playing bass in Luicidal, who plays songs from Suicidal Tendencies' first three albums.
Early life.
Louiche Mayorga was born on June 21, 1963 in Santa Monica, California. However the Mayorga's lived in Venice until Louiche was about 6 years old. His Father felt that the streets there were too dangerous and soon packed up the family and moved to Santa Monica. There he met future band mate Mike Muir while standing in line to register for classes at Santa Monica College. "I've actually known Mike since the 9th grade, we both grew up and lived in Santa Monica and Venice Beach." "Mike told me he was looking for a bass player, and asked me if I could play using my fourth finger." Louiche said "yes" and got an audition for the band. "I knew I had the job as soon as I started playing."
Career.
Suicidal Tendencies/Los Cycos.
Louiche Mayorga played with Suicidal Tendencies from 1981 to 1988 and Los Cycos from 1984 to 1985. In 1983 he played on the self-titled "Suicidal Tendencies album" on Lisa Fancher's, Frontier Records and co-wrote four of the songs, "Two Sided Politics," "Won't Fall in Love Today," "Memories of Tomorrow" (which was covered by Slayer for their album "Undisputed Attitude", but was not added to the final release) and the punk classic "Institutionalized" (which was covered by Senses Fail for the soundtrack to the video game "Tony Hawk's American Wasteland" ). You can also hear his voice on the "answer call" vocal in the opening track "Suicides an Alternative/ You'll Be Sorry." His second recording was on Suicidal Records (a label he co-founded with vocalist Mike Muir) for the "Welcome to Venice" compilation. Mayorga played on two cuts "Look Up...(The Boys Are Back) with Suicidal Tendencies, and the song "It's Not Easy" with "Los Cycos." His third in 1987 being the highly anticipated "Join the Army" on Caroline Records where he co-wrote the title track "Join the Army," and six others "The Prisoner," "War Inside My Head," (which is also is featured in the game .) "Possessed to Skate" (Which is featured in the game Skate 2, "No Name, No Words," "Looking in Your Eyes" and "Born to Be Cyco" which he shares credit with Rocky George and Mike Muir. From 1981 through 1988 his fellow band members included; Mike Muir (Vocals), Ralph J. (R.J.) Herrera (drums), Amery Smith (drums), Sal Troy (drums), Grant Estes (lead guitar), Jon Nelson (lead guitar) and Rocky George (lead guitar). At the end of 1988, Louiche was asked to leave Suicidal and told that "his playing had gotten worse" and that "he wasn't good anymore." Muir allegedly withheld Mayorga's part of the royalty payments. In an interview Louiche stated "It was around $100.000 dollars and I had to sue him (Mike Muir) to get my money back." Louiche Mayorga is probably one of the most underrated musician ever to be involved with Suicidal Tendencies. Aside from Mike Muir, he is the second most important member responsible for their success and continued success to this day. His contribution to their debut album is unmistakable. He basically played on and wrote half of the second album "Join the Army" and when Mike Muir switched Suicidal's musical style from punk to metal, he was replaced by ex-No Mercy bassist Ric "Rancid" Clayton (the artist who designed the Suicidal Tendencies logo as well as the shirts on S.T.'s first album), but he was quickly replaced by Bob Heathcote.
Other Bands.
Disappointed with having to leave Suicidal but determined to remain active in the Venice music scene, Louiche joined guitarist Moises Casillas, singer Caviar and former "Los Cycos" drummer Sal Troy and formed "Horny Toad." Horny Toad put out their debut album (CD) "Thirteen" on Domo Records, it featured the song "Shiver" which appeared in the "Real World" and "Road Rules," with the video debut on "MTV2." The record also featured a cover of the Commodores classic hit "Brick House." Their second release was entitled "Cheese." Past members include; Brian Behling (guitar), Anthony Brewster (Keys), drummers Doug Sanbourn, Jerry Angel and Suicidal Tendencies (R.J). Herrera. Mayorga briefly played in the Colombian death metal band "Agony" After Suicidal he remained active in the local Venice music scene, working with Uncle Slam among others. He most recently joined up with fellow ex-Suicidal members Grant Estes and Amery Smith, as well as Excel vocalist Dan Clements and former No Mercy singer Kevin "The Jerk" Guercio, to form a new band called AgainST. He has recently produced "Welcome 2 Venice" a punk compilation featuring 14 bands and 16 tracks on his label Built On An Ounce Records. Artists featured include current and former members of Suicidal Tendencies, Los Cycos, Beowülf, Fear Factory, Creeper, Neighborhood Watch, Excel, and No Mercy. After recording the bass tracks on Beowülf's sixth studio release "Jesus Freak" Mayorga left the band and has been replaced by former Fear Factory bassist Christian Olde Wolbers who also co-produced the album with the bands vocalist Dale Henderson. Since 2012, Mayorga has been the bassist of Luicidal, which features his former Suicidal Tendencies bandmate R.J. Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="5962047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962047" title="Aliano">
Aliano

Aliano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera and is located about from Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Aliano is probably most famous for being the inspiration for the fictional town of Gagliano in Carlo Levi's book "Christ Stopped at Eboli" (Italian: "Cristo si è fermato a Eboli"). Published in 1945, it gives giving an account of his exile in 1935–36 in Aliano.
Like many towns in rural Italy it has suffered from migration to the cities and overseas where employment opportunities are better. 
Geography.
Aliano is located atop "calanchi", which are deforested, sandy soiled, rocky hills. Over the town's history, many homes were lost to landslide resulting from deforestation. In 1980 an earthquake shook the region destroyed or made uninhabitable many of the town's historic homes. Recent funding, partly from the European Union, has made renovations possible, and parts of the town's historic center are once again inhabitable.
Culture.
Aliano has its own dialect, "Alianese", and the population keep many old traditions. One particular example is that, during "Carnevale" (a catholic festival that takes place a few weeks before Easter) village men, dressed in paper mache masks, hats covered with streamers, wearing long underwear and cow bells, march down the town's main street, throwing flour at gathered crowds and making grunting noises.
Some believe that the significance of the custom was to exorcise evil spirits prior to lent.
Another interesting tradition is the use of architecture to ward off the evil eye, the "malocchio". Many of the town's older homes, including one in the town's historic square called "casa con gli occhi" ("house with eyes") are formed with two forward windows and a staircase leading from the ground up to the home's main floor. (The ground floor was probably stables for animals.) The combination of stairs and windows make the home look like a face. When lit from the inside, the windows may look like burning eyes, enough to scare away any bad spirits.
Emigration.
Loss of population is a major problem in Aliano and other similarly sized towns in the poor regions of southern Italy. Lack of opportunity, fertile land (if people wish to take up agriculture) and a decrease in interest in continuing the farm life of one's parents are two major reasons for population loss.A higher percentage of young people from the South of Italy complete a university education than their peers in the North due to unemployment situation. Professional jobs are few in southern Italian cities, thus numerous of the village's most promising young people move their families to the big industrial cities of the North, especially Milan and Bologna.
Nearby.
Some south of Aliano is the tiny hamlet of Alianello, which is now almost a complete ghost town, after it was destroyed in the 1980 earthquake. Only a shepherd has been known to use some of the vacant homes to house some of his animals, including keeping guinea pigs he raises for food, and grazing his sheep and goats.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962051" title="F19">
F19

F19 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5962054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962054" title="Bernalda">
Bernalda

Bernalda is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. The frazione of Metaponto is the site of the ancient city of Metapontum.
Until the 15th century, it was called Camarda. It is home to a castle built in the 15th century during the Aragonese rule in the Kingdom of Naples.
The patron Saint of Bernalda is Saint Bernardino of Siena. The celebration of Saint Bernardino is on 20 May and on 23 August.
Other sights.
Castle of Bernalda
Twin towns – sister cities.
Bernalda is twinned with:
External links.
• Back to Bernalda by Francis Ford Coppola, T "(International Herald Tribune" Style Magazine), 8 December 2012
• Coppola talks about Bernalda, "The New York Times", 9 March 2009
• Inside the lavish Italian palazzo owned by Godfather director Francis Ford Coppola, "Daily Mail", 23 April 2014
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962056" title="Rosenfeld, Germany">
Rosenfeld, Germany

Rosenfeld is a town in the Zollernalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 10 km west of Balingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5962060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962060" title="Calciano">
Calciano

Calciano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5962061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962061" title="Jorma Kortelainen">
Jorma Kortelainen

Jorma Aksel Kortelainen (17 December 1932 - 27 December 2012) was a Finnish cross-country skier and rower who competed in the 1950s. 
Kortelainen was born in Pyhäselkä. He won a silver medal at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo in the 4 x 10 km relay. He was also a successful rower who took part at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Kortelainen died in Jyväskylä, at the age of 80, as a result of sepsis while being treated at the local hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="5962062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962062" title="Jeffery Hart Bent">
Jeffery Hart Bent

Jeffery Hart Bent, occasionally known as Geoffrey Hart Bent (1781 – 29 June 1852) was the first judge in the colony of New South Wales, Australia.
Early life.
Bent was the son of Robert Bent and elder brother of Ellis Bent. He was educated at Mr Barnes's school, Manchester, and at Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating B.A. in 1804, and M.A. in 1807. He was called to the bar of the Middle Temple in 1806.
New South Wales.
He was appointed judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, arriving at Sydney on 28 July 1814. He refused to disembark until acknowledged with a formal salute. He had been only a few weeks in the colony before he was appealing to Earl Bathurst against a decision of Governor Macquarie to fit up one of the wings of the hospital as a temporary court house. There was much delay in holding the first sitting of the court, which was eventually fixed for 1 May 1815, and even then there were repeated adjournments because Bent refused to allow anyone who had been transported to be allowed to practice as an attorney. Macquarie was anxious that all convicts who had expiated their crime should be given every opportunity to rehabilitate themselves and lead normal lives as members of the community. Some of the men objected to by Bent had hitherto been permitted to plead before his brother, Ellis Bent, the judge-advocate, and Macquarie was satisfied that no evil consequences had resulted. He pointed out, too, that under the new regulations there would be only one attorney in the colony who would be able to plead, and that therefore one party only in each suit could have legal assistance in bringing his case forward. The tone of Bent's communications to the governor showed a great want of respect, and on 1 July 1815 Macquarie wrote to Earl Bathurst about the Bent brothers, stating that it had now become ""absolutely necessary for the good of the colony . . . that they or I should be removed from it"". Both of the brothers were recalled and Jeffery Bent left for England in 1817.
Late life.
Bent was appointed chief justice of Grenada from 1820–1833 (where he was twice suspended), of St Lucia, 1833–1836, and of British Guiana from 1836 where he died (in Georgetown), on 29 June 1852. 
Bent was difficult and autocratic. His opinions on the employment of ex-convicts in courts are to some extent understandable, but he made no allowance for the differing views of Governor Macquarie and his difficulties.
Commentary on Bent.
Murray Gleeson, Chief Justice of Australia described Bent as follows:
"He is generally regarded, not only as the first judge in New South Wales, but also as the worst. The one thing he had to recommend him was a spirit of independence. He gave an early display of his mettle upon his arrival in Sydney, by refusing to disembark from his ship until the Governor arranged for a proper battery of guns to salute him. He refused to pay the road toll levied on users of Sydney's main road. He said he would be damned if he would pay any illegal tax. He called the gatekeeper a scoundrel, and threatened to put him in gaol. As a result, he was charged with toll evasion, convicted by a magistrate and fined two pounds. There being no Judicial Commission in those days, the matter was left to rest there.
The Court presided over by Judge Bent only ever sat to hear one item of civil business. That was an application by three ex-convict attorneys for admission to practice. The judge, who was at risk of being outvoted by the two magistrates with whom he sat, peremptorily announced that the application was refused, and that he would never preside in a court where ex-convicts were admitted to practice. Soon afterwards he was recalled to England.".

</doc>
<doc id="5962066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962066" title="Colobraro">
Colobraro

Colobraro is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. The town is positioned on a high hill dominating the valley of river Sinni near the town of Valsinni.
The hamlet is known as the "village without name": its name is considered bringer of bad luck in the towns around, where Colobraro is usually mentioned in the local dialects simply as "chillu paese", "cudd' puaise" or "chill' pais", all simply meaning "that village".
This notoriety, which has in recent years spread all over Italy, began during the first decades of the 20th century and seems to have been sparked by a story concerning a famous lawyer from the town, who once would have said something like: "... if the lamp in this courtroom should fall down." Unfortunately for him and for the town's reputation, suddenly the big lamp fell to the floor, and the implication of misfortune began at that time.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962068" title="Wu Chengying">
Wu Chengying

Wu Chengying (; Pinyin: "Wú Chéngyīng") (born 21 April 1975 in Shanghai) is a former Chinese international football player who is predominantly remembered for his time at Shanghai Shenhua where he won the league and Chinese FA Cup before moving to Shanghai International for a then Chinese record fee of 13,000,000 RMB in 2003. While internationally he would be vital member of the Chinese national team were he would participate in the 1996 and 2000 AFC Asian Cup as well also the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Playing career.
Wu Chengying emerged with future Chinese internationals Shen Si, Xie Hui and Qi Hong form Shanghai Shenhua where he was predominantly used in the left back position. During his spell at Shanghai Shenhua the team would claim the 1995 Chinese Jia-A League title and the 1998 Chinese FA Cup. He would attract the interests of Italian side Calcio Como in January 2002 but the Serie A club failed to reach an agreement with Shanghai Shenhua. Wu Chengying would instead go on to join Shanghai International later on in 2003 for 13,000,000 RMB, which made him the highest Chinese transfer ever in Chinese football history. At Shanghai International he would see them push for the league title on several occasions but would fail at the last hurdle. Nearing the end of his career he was reported to be linked with Hong Kong side South China in 2006 before he virtually retired.
International career.
After his impressive performances for Shanghai Shenhua he would included to the squad that went to the 1996 AFC Asian Cup and would become a regular within the team. During Bora Milutinović's reign as the Chinese Head coach Wu Chengying became China's first choice left back despite having an indifferent relationship with several regular players such as Ou Chuliang and Li Jinyu. Despite this he would go on to play in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and 2002 FIFA World Cup until Bora Milutinović's reign ended and his international career ended.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua

</doc>
<doc id="5962069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962069" title="Craco">
Craco

Craco is a ghost town and "comune" in the Province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
The old town was abandoned in 1963 due to recurring landslides. The abandonment has made Craco a tourist attraction and a popular filming location. In 2010, Craco has been included in the watch list of the World Monuments Fund. 
Geography.
Craco is about inland from the Gulf of Taranto at the instep of the “boot” of Italy. It is typical of the hill towns of the region with mildly undulating shapes and the lands surrounding it sown with wheat. The town was built on a very steep summit for defensive reasons, giving it a stark and striking appearance and distinguishing it from the surrounding land which is characterized by soft shapes. 
The centre, built on the highest side of the town, faces a ridge which runs steeply to the southwest where newer buildings exist. The town sits atop a high cliff that overlooks the Cavone River valley. Throughout the area are many vegetation-less mounds called "calanchi" (Italian word for badlands) formed by intensive erosion.
History.
Around 540, the area was called “Montedoro” and inhabited by Greeks who moved inland from the coastal town of Metaponto. Tombs have been found dating from the 8th century suggesting the original settlement dates back to then. The town’s name can be dated to 1060 when the land was the possession of Archbishop Arnaldo, Bishop of Tricarico, who called the area “GRACHIUM” which means "from the little plowed field." This long association of the Church with the town had a great influence on the inhabitants. 
From 1154 to 1168, the control of the village passed to Eberto who established the first feudal control over the town. Then in 1179, Roberto di Pietrapertos became the landlord of Craco. In 1276, a university was established in town. During this period in the 13th century, the landmark castle was built under the direction of Attendolo Sforza. In 1293, under Federico II, the Castle Tower became a prison. By the 15th century, four large plazas had developed in the town: Palazzo Maronna near the tower, Palazzo Grossi near the big church, Palazzo Carbone on the Rigirones property, and Palazzo Simonetti. 
The population increased from 450 (1277), to 655 (1477), to 1,718 (1532) until reaching 2,590 in 1561; and averaged 1,500 in succeeding centuries. During 1656, a plague struck with hundreds dying and reducing the number of families in the town.
By 1799, the townspeople overthrew the feudal system and Innocenzo De Cesare returned to Naples, where he had studied, and promoted an independent Municipality. Subsequently, the town fell under the control of the Italian King and thereafter ruled by a period of French occupation. By 1815, the town was large enough to divide it into two districts: Torrevecchia – the highest area adjacent to the castle and tower, and Quarter della Chiesa Madre – the area adjacent to San Nicola’s Church 
After the unification of Italy, Craco was conquered by Carmine Crocco and there was a growth of “brigands” in the area who plagued the town until the mid-1860s. With the end of the civil strife the greatest difficulty the town faced became environmental and geological. 
From 1892 to 1922, over 1,300 Crachesi migrated to North America mainly due to poor agricultural conditions. In 2007, the descendants of the immigrants of Craco in the United States formed "The Craco Society" .
Abandonment.
From 1950's and onwards, the geological processes on the area worsened, creating soil instability and danger to the human population. Between 1959 and 1972, a series of landslides happened, causing several parts of the village to become severely damaged. It was deemed that there was danger of accidents if people kept on living in the town. 
It is still disputed that the abandonment of the town could have been prevented by better planning or policies. Scientists have predicted the geological threat to the town as far as 1910, due to Craco's location on a hill of Pliocene sands overhanging the clay cliffs, with ravines causing progressive cracks on the soil. For safety reasons, the whole population of 1,800 residents moved to Craco Peschiera in 1963, leaving the Craco uninhabited. Nowadays, the town is not completely abandoned: the population was recorded in the number of 97 as December 2012.
Catholic monks had founded Craco, and their influence remained strong throughout the centuries. Many churches were built; one of those churches is the Church of the Observant Friars Minor dedicated to St. Peter (17th C). Nowadays, it is partially restored; with its modernization, it changed its main role, become a conference center. 
The church of Santa Maria della Stella is another religious-oriented building. Having been built on the hillside, it is devoted to the Virgin Mary. The site of the chapel is the location where the statue of the Virgin and Child was reported to be miraculously discovered in the water by a shepherd. The statue of the Virgin is still housed there, although the original representation of the son was stolen and has been replaced by a more recent copy. 
There is also a small new church in Sant’ Angelo, located in the only remaining section of the hilltop that is still inhabited. This church houses the religious relic of the mummified body of Vincenzo, Martyr of Craco - the martyred patron saint of the town. It is still actively served with fresh flowers brought into the church daily. Tradition says that San Vincenzo was a soldier in the Legion of Tebea, the army of General Massimiliano in 286 AD. He was martyred after not renouncing Christianity, refusing to worship as a god the Roman Emperor of his day, who was Marcus Aurelius. His body was brought to the town in 1769 and was placed in the new church after a big part of the old town collapsed. A story is told of another town, Pisticci, claiming the relic should be in Sant' Angelo A group of Pisticci inhabitants tried to take the relic back to their church, but along the way it became apparent that the relic was too heavy for them to carry very far; therefore, it was abandoned on the road where the people of Craco found it and returned it to the town.
There is yet another church in the old town: Chiesa Madre (di San Nicola Vescovo - St. Nicholas Bishop); it is the largest church in the village.
When the collapse of the old town quarters happened, the statues and interior decorations were moved to the new church which now represents the center of the new town, Craco Peschiera. Although modern in appearance on the outside, the historical statues inside give the image of old Craco. 
Nowadays, there are still several religious festivals which are celebrated in the town:
A local market fair is still celebrated once each month in Craco Peschera, based on the sale and purchase of mostly agricultural and cattle produce from the surrounding areas.
Culture.
Cinema.
Because of its unique and particular landscape Craco has been the setting of many movies. In "The Passion of The Christ" (2004) by Mel Gibson, Craco is the town that can be seen in the scene of the hanging of Judas.
Other films shot in the ghost town include:

</doc>
<doc id="5962071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962071" title="Ferrandina">
Ferrandina

Ferrandina is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. Italy is famous for High Quality Olive Oil. In Italy, Ferrandina is famous for producing the highest level of quality Olive Oil.
Sun, stone, drought, silence and solitude: these are the five ingredients that, according to local folk traditions, create the ideal habitat for the olive tree.
Geography data.
The town is located on a hill in the Basento Valley on the western bank of the river Basento. Ferrandina is part of the "Collina Materana" and it is the fourth biggest town in Basilicata.
Towns close are: Pomarico, Miglionico, Salandra, Pisticci, Grottole, San Mauro Forte and Craco. Ferrandin is from Matera and from Potenza.
Climate.
The typical collina Materana climate is very hot during the summer and cold and fresh during the winter. Rain fall is concentrated principally from October to May and snow in winter. Also heavy fog in the autumn-winter season.
History.
The towns roots go back as far as Magna Grecia, about 1000 A.C. The original name was Troilia while its acropolis was called Obelanon (Uggiano). Troilia was built in memory of the Asia Minor city Troia by the Ancient Greeks.
Ferrandina was named in honor of the father of Federico D'Aragona. In 1507 Ferdinando the Catholic, conferred the title of 'Civitas'. Right after, the Domenicans, created an agricultural center specialized in the production of wool, highly valued in the Reign of Naples.
In 1546 the Domenicans established the monastery of Sain Domenico with the dome.
Ferrandina was part of the 1820 and 1860 rebellions. In March 1862, the brigant leaer Carmine Crocco, confronted and destroyed the Piemontesi troops.
In 1921 the Fascist squads killed the lord mayor Nicola Montefinese.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962072" title="Northern Air Cargo">
Northern Air Cargo

Northern Air Cargo is an American cargo airline based in Anchorage, Alaska, USA. It operates services within Alaska and to Canada and mainland USA. Its main base is Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport, with a hub at Fairbanks International Airport.
History.
The airline was established in 1956 as a charter freight service by Bobby Sholton and Morrie Carlson. It was Alaska's first scheduled all-cargo airline. Ownership later passed to the Sholton family. Its wholly owned subsidiary, NAC Link (Now Alta Air Logistics), is a freight forwarding company. In February 2006 the airline and its subsidiaries were wholly acquired by Seattle-based Saltchuk Resources. It has 289 employees (at March 2007).
Destinations.
As of August 2012 Northern Air Cargo operates scheduled freight services to the following domestic destinations:
Fleet.
As of August 2012 the Northern Air Cargo fleet includes:
Service.
Northern Air Cargo currently is contracted to handle passenger services for the following:
Previously operated.
As of August 2006 the airline also operated:
Community awareness.
Northern Air Cargo, along with Bering Air, Frontier Flying Service, Grant Aviation, PenAir, and Ryan Air, participates in the Flying Can service, which allows rural Alaskan communities to recycle aluminum cans and now number 1 PET bottles in cooperation with Alaskans for Litter Prevention and Recycling.

</doc>
<doc id="5962073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962073" title="Garaguso">
Garaguso

Garaguso is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. Garaguso has a population of 1,193 inhabitants (2009) and a surface of .
Geography.
It is an agricultural center in the upper valley of the Cavone River. The town is situated on a hill and is bordered to the north by the town of Grassano, to the east by Salandra, to the south by San Mauro Forte, and west with Oliveto Lucano and Calciano.
History.
The results of archaeological investigations indicate that the area was inhabited since prehistoric times. The temple of Garaguso, Heroon is of note, revealing a strong Greek presence in the area. In 1060, Garaguso was included in the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Tricarico. Important findings come from the territory are kept in the National Archaeological Museum of Basilicata, documenting an indigenous culture from the Iron Age to the fifth century BC. The museum contains marble dating from the first half of the fifth century BC: a model of the Heroon temple and a statue of a goddess sitting. In the feudal period, Garaguso belonged to Salandra until 1813. The 1664 earthquake destroyed the original settlement further down the hill and was rebuilt. A hunting lodge was built and is now called the Palace. The building is accessed by a path carved into the rock It has a central courtyard where there was also the family chapel that later enlarged to became the main church, dedicated to St. Nicholas of Myra (Bari). This parish church of Garguso dates to the eighteenth-century and has a clay sculpture of the fifteenth century depicting the Madonna della Puglia and a canvas painted in 1761 by Deodato da Tolve.

</doc>
<doc id="5962078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962078" title="Gorgoglione">
Gorgoglione

Gorgoglione is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5962081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962081" title="Grassano">
Grassano

Grassano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is located between the Bradano and Basento rivers, at an elevation ranging from about above the sea level. The town proper is from Matera and from the regional capital, Potenza.
History.
Grassano was founded around 1000 AD, the first official document including the town's name is dated 1123 and was known as "castellum quod vocatur Crassanum".
In the 15th century, Grassano was officially a rural seat of the Tricarico's Diocese. 
Grassano's people later asked King Ladislaus of Naples for an independence act, and Grassano has remained an independent village since January 19, 1414.
Carlo Levi was arrested and exiled to Grassano because of his anti-fascist activities. In Grassano, Levi painted about 70 pictures and started discovering Southern Italy's problems. After the war, he wrote his most famous book, "Christ Stopped at Eboli".
Anna Briganti, the grandmother of New York Mayor Bill de Blasio originated in Grassano. By 1905 she was married and well-established in New York.
Since 2002, Grassano, with Aliano (the second place where Levi was exiled) is an active Literary Park.
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962097" title="Tom Litterick">
Tom Litterick

Thomas Litterick (25 May 1929 – 6 January 1981) was a British Labour Party politician, on the left-wing of the party. 
Litterick was elected Member of Parliament for the previously Conservative seat of Birmingham Selly Oak in October 1974 general election, having unsuccessfully contested it in the election eight months earlier. However, he lost to the Conservative Anthony Beaumont-Dark at the 1979 general election. 
On the first day of the October Labour Party conference of that year, he gave a speech criticising the outgoing Prime Minister James Callaghan. Waving a clutch of policy papers which he claimed Callaghan had vetoed, he quoted from a popular television series featuring Jimmy Savile: ""Jim will fix it", they said. Ay, he fixed it. He fixed all of us. He fixed me in particular." Delegates roared with approval and Tony Benn described it as a "courageous speech".
Litterick died in 1981 aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="5962132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962132" title="Grottole">
Grottole

Grottole is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the region of Basilicata in southern Italy.
Geography.
Grottole is located in the Province of Matera, in the Region of Basilicata, in southern Italy. The village of Grottole extends along a crest in a territory rich in waters: the Basento and Bradano rivers, the Basentello and Bilioso torrents and the smaller streams Cupolo, Rovivo and Acquaviva. 
As with most old towns, Grottole was strategically built on a mountain, standing 481 meters above sea level. At this altitude, the town was less susceptible to attack and also insects.
History.
Human presence dates back to very ancient times, as testified by the many prehistoric caves below the present town, and its Latin name was Cryptulae, which means small grottos in Latin. Its reputation is based on its artistic tradition of rustic pottery (plates, flasks, oil and cereal containers called "orci") for everyday use, baked in antiquity in ovens excavated in the rocks.
The territory was inhabited in prehistory and in historical times by the Greeks between the 13th and 12th century BC, when it was part of the Metaponto colony, the most important of the 8 regions of Magna Grecia. In Roman times Grottole was a Municipium. After the fall of the Roman Empire in 851 the Lombards included the Grottole fiefdom in Salerno dukedom, and at that time a castle was built. It was ruled by many feudal families, among them the Orsini-Del Balzo and Zurlo-Pisciscelli, then from 1547 to 1639 it was under the Sancez De Luna d'Aragona, to pass to the Caracciolo of Melissano, Spinelli of San Giorgio and finally from 1738 to the Sanseverino from Bisignano. The castle (Castle Feudale) still stands today.
Records of the year 1010 show Grottole as a populous town with 13,000 inhabitants, but plagues and wars reduced the number to a little over 4,000 in 1133 when the town was besieged and plundered by Ruggero.
Plagues and a disastrous landslide caused a further decline, and in a Numerazione dei Fuochi of 1493 Grottole was inhabited by about 1300 people, and in 1783 the inhabitants were 2010.
After the explosive demographic growth of the 19th century, there was another drop in the population because of emigration, so that now the inhabitants are about 2,600.

</doc>
<doc id="5962137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962137" title="Herzogenbusch concentration camp">
Herzogenbusch concentration camp

Herzogenbusch concentration camp () ( , ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. Herzogenbusch was, with Natzweiler-Struthof in occupied France, the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside of Germany. The camp was first used in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners. 749 prisoners died in the camp, and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before the camp was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944. After the war the camp was used as a prison for Germans and Dutch Collaborators. Today there is a visitors' center with exhibitions and a national monument remembering the camp and its victims. The camp is now a museum.
History.
During World War II, Nazi Germany occupied the Netherlands (1940–1945). The Nazis transported Jewish and other prisoners from the Netherlands via the transit camps Amersfoort and Westerbork to concentration camps such as Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen. When Amersfoort and Westerbork appeared to be too small to handle the large amount of prisoners, the Schutzstaffel (SS) decided to build a concentration camp in Vught near the city of 's-Hertogenbosch.
The building of the camp at Herzogenbusch, the German name for 's-Hertogenbosch, started in 1942. The camp was modelled on concentration camps in Germany. The first prisoners, who arrived in 1943, had to finish the construction of the camp; it was used from January 1943 until September 1944. During this period, it held nearly 31,000 prisoners: Jews, political prisoners, resistance fighters, Gypsies, Jehovah’s Witnesses, homosexuals, homeless people, black market traders, criminals, and hostages.
Due to hunger, sickness, and abuse, at least 749 men, women and children died there. Of these, 329 were murdered at an execution site just outside the camp. When allied forces were approaching Herzogenbusch, the camp was evacuated and the prisoners were transferred to concentration camps further east. When the camp was liberated in September 1944, by the 4th Canadian Armored Division and the 96th Battery of the 5th Anti-Tank Division, the camp was almost deserted.
In the first years after the war, the camp was used for the detention of Germans, Dutch SS men, alleged collaborators and their children, and war criminals. At first, they were guarded by allied soldiers, but shortly after by the Dutch.
Diary of David Koker.
A Jewish student, David Koker (b. 1921), lived with his family in Amsterdam until he was captured on the night of 11 February 1943 and transported to Vught camp. During his internment he wrote a diary, which was smuggled out of the camp in parts; it is now complete and conserved. It records events from 11 February 1943 until 8 February 1944. David wrote poems in his diary and taught Jewish children in the camp.
On 2 June 1944 he and his family were transported by train to Auschwitz-Birkenau. David got the chance to throw a letter from the train. The family was later tranported to the Groß-Rosen camp (Langenbielau).
David's mother and brother Max survived the war, but David died during a transport of sick people to Dachau in 1945.
Diary of Helga Deen.
Helga Deen (Stettin, Germany, 6 April 1925 – Sobibor, 16 July 1943) was the author of a diary, discovered in 2004, which describes her stay in a Dutch prison camp, "Kamp Vught", where she was brought during World War II at the age of 18.
After her last diary entry, in early July 1943, Helga Deen was deported to Sobibór extermination camp and murdered. She was 18 years old.
Commanders.
Karl Chmielewski.
The first commander of Herzogenbusch was 39-year-old Karl Chmielewski. During the first few months, the camp was poorly run: prisoners didn't receive meals, the sick were barely treated, and the quality of drinking water was very low. Subsequently, many died during Chmielewski’s reign. He was sacked in 1943 for stealing from the camp on a large scale. In 1961 he was sentenced to life imprisonment for his role in the concentration camps.
Adam Grünewald.
The second commander was 40-year-old Adam Grünewald. Immediately after assuming command over the camp, he set very strict rules. In January 1944 he ordered that a group of female prisoners was to be put into one cell. This resulted in what has become known as the Bunker Tragedy: twelve of the women packed into the cell died during the night. His superiors, unhappy that this tragedy was leaked to the press, brought him before an SS judge and he was sent to the Russian front as a common soldier. He was killed in battle in 1945.
Hans Hüttig.
The last commander of Herzogenbusch was 50-year-old Hans Hüttig. He fought during the First World War and was already a member of the Nazi party in 1933. The SS leadership was satisfied with his performance. Under his leadership, at least 329 men were executed.
Current state.
The execution site near the camp is now a national monument, with a wall bearing the names of all those who died there. The wall has suffered numerous acts of vandalism: Swastikas were drawn on the wall, using tar, which has seeped into the stone and is impossible to remove.
The camp was partially demolished after the war. The grounds now house an educational museum about the camp (known in Dutch as "Nationaal Monument Kamp Vught"), a Dutch military base called Van Brederodekazerne, a neighbourhood of Maluku refugees, and a high security prison called Nieuw Vosseveld. Still, parts of the old camp remain. Central to the prison, the Bunker Tragedy bunker still stands. Large parts of the southern camp buildings are now used by the Dutch military, including the former SS Barracks that is shaped like a German cross.

</doc>
<doc id="5962143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962143" title="Henry Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Henry Township, Wood County, Ohio

Henry Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,175 people in the township, 743 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
The village of North Baltimore is located in southeastern Henry Township.
Name and history.
It is the only Henry Township statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Henry Township House is located on Quarry Road, between Mitchell and North Baltimore roads.

</doc>
<doc id="5962148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962148" title="Irsina">
Irsina

Irsina is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. 
The economy is mostly based on agriculture, with the production of cereals and wine.
Village and nearby countryside.
Irsina sits on the border between the regions of Puglia and Basilicata, with the Council of Materia. The population is about 5000 people, about 2000 families. The geography of the town is very simple. There is a medieval part with narrow streets, small squares and cobbled roads. The new town is joined to the old via a main street which has now become the commercial focus, small bars, a few restaurants, small shops and mostly housing.
21st century.
Once known as Montepeloso, Irsina sits on the top of a hill at around above sea level and enjoys panoramic views of the surrounding countryside. Ancient walls embrace the historical centre, the watch towers, the elegant buildings, the small churches, the narrow alleyways and the old gates to the town.
Irsina has been an area of settlement for many thousands of years. It became a fortified town in medieval times and has belonged to some of the most powerful families in Italy. Irsina's strategic position saw the struggle for dominance alternate between the Normans, Swabians, Angevins and Aragòns and consequently, was often destroyed and rebuilt in the process. 
The village is one hour from Bari Airport (Ryanair), and hour and a half from Brindisi airport, (also Ryanair). It is one hour from the beach, and thirty minutes from Matera. The countryside is interspersed with rivers, lakes, fields, woods and archaeological ruins.
About town.
The medieval part of Irsina is a labyrinth of cobblestone roads winding and opening up into little squares with breathtaking views over the vast countryside. It is an agricultural town. Churches and fountains are familiar landmarks. The town boasts an important 13th-century cathedral which was partly rebuilt at the end of the 18th century. The remains of a Norman castle have since been incorporated into the crypt of the former monastery of San Francesco.
Around the more modern part of the village, cafés and shops painted in warm hues of beige, rose-petal and yellow snugly sit beside each other. The whole village is perched on a hill overlooking Italy’s grain plateau – in fact, the area produces a lot of the grain used to make pasta in the whole of Italy.
Festival of Piety, Pizzicanto (Last weekend in May).
The old festival of Piety is celebrated in the centre of Irsina on the last Sunday of May. In the past, the procession started from the small church of the Madonna della Pietà, near the allotments just outside the town, and ended at the Cathedral. The game 'pizzicanto' is still played where two teams of young locals form a human pyramid and move along the streets in circular movements, enlivening the followers with a traditional song sung in local dialect. Those on top sing: 'You underneath, be careful not to drop us. If you make us fall we'll give you a good beating'. Those below respond: 'You on top, hold yourselves up properly. If you fall, we'll give you a good beating'. The game repeats itself when the team loses balance and the pyramid collapses. In the past, the trade of the participants, farmers, bricklayers etc. divided teams. This tradition also exists in parts of Spain.
Festival of Saint Roch, (15 – 17 August).
The festival of Saint Roch (Sand’Rocc) is unique to Irsina. Every year on 15 August (a national holiday known as 'Ferragosto'), woman in the old town of Irsina prepare small altars in their basements, garages and cellars, in honour of the Saint from Montpellier, to be visited from the evening of the 15th until dawn of 17 August.
For two nights locals stay awake, singing nursery rhymes, in dialect, that recount of the life and miracles of Saint Roch. To the sound of the accordion, traditional dances such as the 'tarantella', 'mazurka' and 'quadriglia' are alternated, with the occasional modern dance. Spectators can admire the spotless sheets and finely embroidered tablecloths that would have been completed by the old woman in their youth, and are used just for this occasion. On the altar, images and small statues of the Saint are positioned, whilst the rooms are decorated with plants, typical handicrafts and perfumed with basil herbs.
During the vigil for Saint Roch on the night of 15 August, in between the dancing and singing, 'i pettl', or savoury doughnuts are fried in the garages and cellars alongside the revellers. There is also a prize for the best decorated altar, a lamb.
Festival of Saint Eufemia, (14 – 17 September).
The festival of Saint Eufemia is the oldest and most poignant tradition of Irsina. It is an annual event from 14-17 September with the most important day being the 16th, when a procession of representatives from the civil and military authorities, together with the Festival Committee, enter the Cathedral and deliver the keys of the town to the Bishop. The subsequent handing over of these keys from the Bishop to the custodian of Irsina, Saint Eufemia, is always a moving moment for the crowds. 
A long street procession then takes place where faithful followers of Saint Eufemia carry an image of the Saint, the relic of her arm and the icon of Saint Mary of the Divine Providence (Maria S.S. Madre della Divina Provvidenza) to the streets of Irsina. The celebrations continue with fireworks displays, brass band concerts and marches, street lighting and on the last day, a pop concert.
Natives.
Irsina is the hometown of composer Giovanni Maria Trabaci and, probably, of Chicago Outfit boss Johnny Torrio.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5962150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962150" title="Miglionico">
Miglionico

Miglionico is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in Basilicata, southern Italy.
Miglionico was also used by kings and queens to show royalty, the last name is considered good luck by many in Italy.
History.
Despite the legend assigning its foundation to the famous Greek wrestler Milo of Croton (whence the name), Miglionico was most likely founded by the Oenotrians, a local Italic tribe. After the Greek colonization, it was held by the Lucani, followed by the Samnites until 458 BC, when it was conquered by the Romans.
In the Middle Ages the story of Miglionico was strongly connected to that of its large castle, which was held by the Hauteville Normans and then by the Sanseverino. After the latter where slaughtered by order of Frederick II (1245), Miglionico was assigned to his son Manfred. After the latter's fall, however, the Sanseverino were re-instated, holding the town until the abolition of feudalism.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962153" title="Nova Siri">
Nova Siri

Nova Siri is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. Nova Siri is close to the site of the ancient Ionian colony of Siris. Nova Siri is formed by two small cities: Nova Siri Centre and Nova Siri Station. The centre is sited on a hill at above sea level. 
The main church and the castle are of mediaeval origin. The Monte Pollino National Park is located nearby.
Nova Siri is a popular holiday and tourist destination, thanks to its sandy coast characterized by coastal dunes. Nova Siri is reached via the SS 106 National road and by train.
References.
The population is around 6,500, with the majority being in the newer, seaside town of Nova Siri Scalo.

</doc>
<doc id="5962154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962154" title="Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology">
Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology

The Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology or IITM is a scientific institution based in India for expanding research in meteorology of the tropics in general with special reference to monsoon meteorology of India. The current director of IITM is Prof. B.N. Goswami.
History.
As proposed in the third five-year plan of India, the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) was founded as the "Institute of Tropical Meteorology" on 17 November 1962 at Pune as an individual unit of the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the main organisation responsible for meteorological observations, weather forecasts, and detecting earthquakes in India. 
On the recommendation of Committee for Organization of Scientific Research of the Government of India, Institute of Tropical Meteorology was then made an autonomous institution under the new name Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology on 1 April 1971. Till 1984, it worked under the Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation. In 1985, it was taken by the Department of Science and Technology/ Ministry of Science and Technology. As per the notification No. O.M. No.25/10/2006 dated 19 July 2006 by the President of India, the Institute has been put under the control of the Ministry of Earth Sciences with effect from 12 July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5962157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962157" title="Montalbano Jonico">
Montalbano Jonico

Montalbano Jonico is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962159" title="Pisticci">
Pisticci

Pisticci is a town comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Saints Peter and Paul Mother Church.
The church was built on the site of a pre-existing church from 1212 with a remaining bell tower and two stained glass windows. In 1542 the church was expanded by the addition of two extra aisles. The construction was by Pietro and Antonio Laviola, two brothers who were accused of murder in Mantova.
The church is in Romanesque-Renaissance style with an angled roof and built in the shape of a Latin cross. There are three aisles. On the left and right there are small chapels under which there are buried local important people. Each chapel has a statue sculptured by Salvatore Sacquegna.
The walls are decorated with 18th-century pictures painted by Domenico Guarino. In particular the "Our Lady of Mount Carmel", "Madonna del Pozzo" and the "Mysteries of the Rosary".

</doc>
<doc id="5962161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962161" title="Tursi">
Tursi

Tursi () is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
History.
In the 9th century it was a stronghold of the Saracens in southern Italy.
A Catholic bishop resided in the "frazione" of Anglona until 968, when it became the capital of the Byzantine theme of Lucania.
Main sights.
Sanctuary of Anglona.
The main attraction of Tursi is the Sanctuary of St. Mary of Anglona, a national monument. It is on a hill at above sea level and was built from the 11th-12th centuries by enlarging a pre-existing small church (7th-8th centuries). It is a tuff and travertine construction, particularly notable for the external decoration of the apse, with numerous small arches, sculpted panels and a large central window flanked by small columns. The narthex of the entrance has a portal with reliefs with the lamb, symbols of the four Evangelists and other symbolic figures. The bell tower is in Romanesque style
The church is on the Latin cross plan, with a nave and two aisles separated by five arcades in different styles. Traces of the 14th-century frescoes with "Scenes of the Old and Testament" have been recently restored.
Others.
In the ancient semi-fortified village of Rabatana there are the remains of a castle built in the 5th century by the Ostrogoths. There is also the church of Santa Maria Maggiore (10th-11th centuries: largely rebuilt in the Baroque style, it has maintained its 15th century façade. The interior has a nave and two aisles, and is home to a priceless 14th century triptych portraying the "Virgin Enthroned with Child" and "Scenes of the Life of Jesus", attributed to the school of Giotto.
The Cathedral dates from the 15th-16th centuries.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962163" title="Valsinni">
Valsinni

Valsinni is a village and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy. 
The village is bordered by Colobraro, Nocara, Noepoli, Nova Siri, Rotondella and San Giorgio Lucano.
History.
The territory of the "comune" includes the ruins of the ancient city of Lagaria. Its most famous buildings which are part of Valsinni's heritage are: the Castle, dating back to the 11th century, where the Italian Renaissance poetess Isabella Morra lived and died, the Palazzo Melidoro, the Chiesa Madre (mother church) of medieval origins and the Chiesa dell'Annunziata from the 17th century. 
Economy.
The town has an ancient tradition of millers, whose symbol is the mill of Palazzo Mauri, which is still supplied with large stone wheels.
The economy of the town is mostly based on agriculture and livestock breeding.
Festivals.
Major festival of Valsinni is on the 9th and 10th of May when there is a religious procession for the patron Saint Fabian. 
People.
Isabella Morra, the 16th century writer and poet, came from Valsinni when it was known as Favale San Cataldo.
Notes and references.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962165" title="Rotondella">
Rotondella

Rotondella is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5962170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962170" title="Rosenthal, Hesse">
Rosenthal, Hesse

Rosenthal is a small town in southeast Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Rosenthal lies in the Burgwald range 11 km southeast of Frankenberg and 18 km northeast of Marburg.
Neighbouring communities.
Rosenthal borders in the north on the community of Burgwald, in the east on the town of Gemünden (both in Waldeck-Frankenberg), in the southeast on the community of Wohratal, in the south on the towns of Rauschenberg and Wetter, and in the west on the community of Münchhausen (all in Marburg-Biedenkopf).
Constituent communities.
Besides the main town, which bears the same name as the whole, the town of Rosenthal consists of the centres of Roda and Willershausen.
History.
Rosenthal was founded in 1327 as a Mainz town and outpost in the dispute over the Hessian fief, but nevertheless passed to the Landgraviate of Hesse in 1464.
In 1688, the town achieved dubious fame by being the scene of Hesse's last witch burnings.
In 1866, Rosenthal passed, along with the rest of the Electorate of Hesse, to Prussia.
Amalgamations.
As part of Hesse's municipal reforms in the early 1970s, the heretofore independent communities of Roda and Willershausen were amalgamated with Rosenthal.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council's 15 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: "Bürgerliste Roda" is a citizens' coalition.
Mayor.
At the mayoral election on 8 February 2004, Hans Waßmuth was elected Rosenthal's mayor with a 79% share of the vote.
Coat of arms.
Rosenthal's civic coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: In gules a six-spoked wheel argent surrounded per square by four roses Or with centres azure and sepals vert.
This describes the arms shown in this article, and also seen at the town's official website. At least one source, however,[http://www.ngw.nl/int/dld/r/rosentha.htm] describes a different composition with three stemmed roses growing out of the top of the wheel.
The wheel is the Wheel of Mainz, symbolizing the town's founders.

</doc>
<doc id="5962174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962174" title="Jason Sizemore">
Jason Sizemore

Jason Sizemore is an American writer and editor based in Lexington, Kentucky. He is the owner and managing editor of Apex Publications. He was the editor and publisher of Apex Digest, a quarterly science fiction and horror digest that ran for 12 issues between 2005 and 2008. As the publisher/managing editor of Apex Magazine, he was nominated for the Hugo Award in the semiprozine category in 2012 and 2013. As a writer he has published several stories in genre magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="5962178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962178" title="Massimo Mutarelli">
Massimo Mutarelli

Massimo Mutarelli (born 13 January 1978 in Como) is an Italian football midfielder.
Career.
Mutarelli started his career at Serie A club Atalanta, making his debut in April 1996 in a 3–1 loss at home to Lazio.
After four seasons in Bergamo, Mutarelli was sold to Genoa in January 1998. With Genoa, Mutarelli made 138 appearances in Serie B.
In 2002, Mutarelli moved again, this time south to Palermo. He spent two seasons in Serie B with the rosanero, before the club made a glorious return to Serie A in 2004–05. He continued his excellent form in the top flight, and after one season was rewarded with a move to capital club Lazio, signed a 5-year contract as free agent.
Mutarelli's first season with the Biancocelesti was a good one, and he capped off a quality first season in Rome, with a goal in the historic 3–0 Derby win over inter-city rivals Roma.
In 2007–08, Mutarelli was hampered by injuries and did not have a season as successful as the last. He made his debut in the UEFA Champions League, but was sent off against Werder Bremen. 
Involved in a contract dispute after having been frozen out of the Lazio side at the beginning of the 2008–09 season, Mutarelli took his case to court and was freed from his contract. He then joined Bologna in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5962182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962182" title="Carlos Salzedo">
Carlos Salzedo

Carlos Salzedo (April 6, 1885 – August 17, 1961) was a French harpist, pianist, composer and conductor.
Life.
France.
Carlos Salzedo was born Charles Moïse Léon Salzedo on April 6, 1885 in Archachon, France. Salzedo's parents, Isaac Gaston Salzedo and Thérèse Judith Anna Salzedo-Silva, residents of Bayonne, were vacationing in Arcachon when Mme. Salzedo fell down a flight of stairs, causing the two-month premature birth of Salzedo. Both parents were of noted Sephardic (Iberian Jewish) families and fine musicians, he a singer, she a pianist. Their older son, Marcel, grew to become a prominent violinist, conductor, and composer of light music. Mme. Salzedo was employed as the summer-court pianist to Queen Mother Maria Christina of Spain in Biarritz. Young Léon-Charles played the piano for Maria Christina at the age of three leading her to dub him "my little Mozart." Salzedo's mother died just two years later when he was five. The family then moved to Bordeaux and a Basque woman, Marthe Tatibouet Bidebérripé, was hired to care for and help raise the children. Salzedo became deeply attached to her, and liked to think of himself as being culturally Basque. He himself attributed this as the source of his favorite meter being five beats in a bar of music, typical of the Basque dance "Zortzico." Léon-Charles, having begun playing piano by the age of three, wrote his first composition, a polka called "Moustique" (Mosquito), which was published when he was just five years old. Though lost, the theme reappeared in the "Polka" of his "Suite of Eight Dances." At six, he entered the St. Cecilia School of Music of Bordeaux, where he won first prize in piano and solfège three years later, after which the family moved to Paris. Léon-Charles entered the Paris Conservatoire at nine years old, where he again won prizes in piano (Descombes) and solfège (Schwartz). He continued his piano studies with Charles de Bériot, son of the renowned violinist and a pupil of Thalberg.
Salzedo's father, by then a respected voice teacher, decided Léon-Charles should take up a second instrument, and the harp was chosen because he was felt to be too weak to play a wind instrument, and his older brother Marcel already played the violin. Beginners were not accepted at the Conservatoire, so Carlos took lessons from Marguerite Achard. After a few months, he had advanced enough that he was accepted as a pupil by Alphonse Hasselmans, professor of harp at the Conservatoire. After a year of study with Hasselmans, he entered the Conservatoire as a fully fledged harp pupil at the age of thirteen. In 1901, at age sixteen, Salzedo won the "premier prix" in harp and piano on the same day, an accomplishment unmatched to this day, and was awarded a Steinway grand piano. While a student, Salzedo free-lanced as second-harpist in the Concerts Lamoureux orchestra as well as the orchestras of the Olympia theater and the Folies Bergère night club. Salzedo also won praise for his composing from the director of the Conservatoire, Gabriel Fauré.
When Salzedo graduated, he was hired as a solo harpist, first orchestral harpist, and solo pianist at the New Casino in Biarritz under conductor/composer Piero Luigini. The following winter he toured Europe with the Concerts Colonne orchestra, followed by solo appearances as pianist and harpist with that orchestra. He made his Paris recital debut at age 18 as a harpist and pianist, in 1903, for which occasion he decided to change his name to Carlos from Léon-Charles Moise. Also about this time, a stroke paralysed Gaston Salzedo, who handed over his position as synagogue music director to young Carlos. Salzedo also toured in solo performances around Europe, receiving glowing praise in the papers.
America, marriage, and war.
In 1909, Arturo Toscanini invited Salzedo, via an agent, to play in the orchestra of the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City, and so Carlos left France for America, not knowing any English. Salzedo became a member of musical society, and thus Salzedo was introduced at a soiree to Viola Gramm, a respected pianist and singer. They became romantically involved and they traveled through the château country of France in 1913, and then were married on April 30, 1914 in New York City. Salzedo wrote a wedding cantata for the occasion, which was performed by his friends.
Salzedo had recently formed the "Trio de Lutèce", with Georges Barrère on flute and Paul Kéfer on cello, which toured extensively in the United States. The trio was scheduled to play in England, so Salzedo and Mimine took the opportunity to honeymoon in Europe; in England, they were introduced to various members of the nobility, and at one point, Salzedo performed for the Princess of Battenberg. When World War I began, they moved to Menthon-Saint-Bernard (in the Rhône-Alpes region) to have more time together, but Salzedo was soon drafted into the French Army.
Salzedo was made head cook for his infantry unit, and happened to be in the same unit as several painters and musicians. He had a sympathetic leader, and was able to organize them into a performing group that sang for soldiers and toured hospitals, for which he arranged traditional French folk songs. He got an extended leave to see Mimine, but when he returned, a new captain was in charge who did not permit the musical activities. Salzedo became seriously ill with pneumonia and a form of paralysis, for which he was hospitalized for several months before being finally discharged from the army. In order to get passports (which had not been necessary in 1914) to leave France, Salzedo and Mimine had to prove their identities by marrying a second time in Paris, August 1915.
During this early period of his adult life, he was very active in musical high society and high society otherwise. He neighbored the Rockefellers at Seal Harbor in Maine. He counted among his musical friends Edgard Varèse, Josef Hoffman, Leopold Stokowski
and Dane Rudhyar. He was sought after for performances at social occasions where he could be quite the life of the party.
Return to America.
On the Salzedos' return to the US in 1916, Carlos reunited with the Trio de Lutèce, but not the Metropolitan Opera, from which he had resigned in 1913. Salzedo and Mimine began spending summers in Seal Harbor, Maine, where Salzedo became friends with Vaslav Nijinsky, the legendary Russian danseur, with whom he developed a series of esthetic gestures for playing the harp that became an essential part of the Salzedo method for the harp, as handed down from teacher to pupil. In the 1920s, Salzedo and Mimine began to grow apart, as she was spending more time in Rome, and Carlos was spending more time with the increasing number of students who were coming to him for lessons. They had an amicable divorce in 1926, remaining lifelong friends, and in 1928 Salzedo married Lucile Lawrence, a student of his for the past ten years who had developed into a virtuoso player. Salzedo had a very extensive performing schedule in these years, with tours by the Trio de Lutèce, the Salzedo Harp Ensemble, joint recitals with leading sopranos, and solo appearances in recital and with major symphony orchestras. Lawrence meanwhile served as first harp of the Salzedo Harp Ensemble, which toured the United States regularly, and she also led her own Lawrence Harp Quintette on engagements too small for the Salzedo Harp Ensemble, as well as premiering many of Salzedo's important compositions.
Salzedo was involved in many arenas, including the burgeoning "new music" circles in New York, where he co-founded the International Composers Guild with Edgard Varèse. The Guild was the first group of its kind, and presented the most prominent European composers and others in concert, figures such as Ravel and Casella. This later led to the formation of the rival League of Composers, which was organized to support "American" composers, causing a rift in musical circles not healed for many years. Salzedo was in the forefront of artistic ideas, and social circles. Salzedo became familiar with the dancer/choreographer Martha Graham, who was the roommate of one of his pupils, and perceiving her genius, he used his influence to help her to receive a Rockefeller Foundation grant which was instrumental in the development of her career. He toured with Adolf Bolm, the well-known Diaghilev dancer and choreographer, as a conductor and performer, as well as composer. Bolm's Ballet Intime performed a ballet to Salzedo's composition, Bolmimerie, written for a six-harp ensemble. Salzedo's compositions of this period, which were performed by major orchestras (The Enchanted Isle), reflect a searching, creative mind with originality and a timeless freshness of sonority. His pieces have a great appeal that does not wane, and show off the harp as an imaginative, eloquent instrument of great drama and poetic, lyric expressiveness, as well as abstract qualities and dazzling virtuoso display.
Salzedo had not forgotten the plight of his native France, and publicly led many fund-raising efforts, raising considerable amounts for wartime relief of France, and aiding propaganda efforts to increase interest in French culture. He did much to introduce modern French music to the U.S. He also raised money to buy a pipe organ in Seal Harbor, with matching funds from John D. Rockefeller, and later, was most notably able to raise sufficient funds to aid Vladimir Nijinsky and his family to escape into safety in Switzerland.
Performances.
From the 1920s onward, Salzedo appeared regularly as a soloist with orchestras such as the Philadelphia Orchestra, on tour as a recitalist, harp ensemble leader and flute-harp-cello trio member. His trio became the B-S-B Trio (Barrère-Salzedo-Britt) and toured widely to acclaim. His activity in the 1920s alone was astonishing in its energy, and he was a celebrity as well, frequently appearing in newspapers for musical and other exploits. He was compared to Wanda Landowska by no less a critic than Virgil Thomson, as a pioneer and as a fascinating performer. His approach to the harp was unique from the customary programming of that time. Where most harpist played salon repertoire by preceding harpists, romantic idylls and such, he emphasized the French Baroque music and transcriptions of the classics in effective ways as well as the new music. In this fashion he was able to win the admiration of his musical colleagues. His performing season would typically include a solo recital; tours with his Trio de Lutece or B-S-B trio (Barrere-Salzedo-Britt), Salzedo Harp Ensemble, and later his Salzedo Concert Ensemble, as well as appearances with orchestras. He was a sought-after teacher as well, teaching privately in New York, in summers at his harp colony in Camden, Maine, and at the Curtis Institute of Music, where he maintained a large department until 1961.
He performed with the major orchestras as a soloist in the Chorale and Variations by Widor, his own tone poem "The Enchanted Isle", premiered in America the "Introduction and Allegro" of Maurice Ravel, the Handel Concerto, the Mozart Concerto for flute and harp, the Triple Concerto by Wagenaar (commissioned by the Trio de Lutece) and the Concerto by Norman Dello Joio for which he contributed the cadenza, as he also did for the Concerto for Harp by Nicolai Berezowsky. His own Concerto for Harp and Seven Winds was introduced by Lucile Lawrence and Lily Laskine, and his Second Concerto was premiered for his 1985 centennial by Jennifer Hoult with the American Chamber Orchestra. (The orchestrations were completed by Robert Russell Bennett with a grant from the Alice Ditson Fund, and stolen immediately after the performance, as yet not recovered.)
Legacy.
Salzedo is well-regarded by many as history's greatest harpist. Where others have excelled as performers only, or as composers of minor genre pieces, he was as highly regarded as a pianist and conductor by his colleagues as he was by harpists. Recordings he made evidence an unparalleled virtuosity with a signature style of clarity, facility, articulation, fluidity, and subtle phrasing. His playing gives the impression of being without limitations. His transcriptions and compositions are remarkably original and well abreast of the latest musical developments, if not ahead of them. Had he remained in France, the group may have been Les Sept, rather than Les Six. He was a progressive spirit, seeking new tonal resources in the recently improved harp of Lyon & Healy, and both inspired other composers and created new works and new styles of music. His composing progressed from French Romantic (Trois Morceaux, Pièce Concertante) to Impressionist (Five Poetical Studies; then quickly progressed into a new style uniquely his own (Preludes Intimes, Five Preludes for Harp Alone). Many harpists objected to his innovations, particularly his concise system of notation, provoking a backlash that continues into present times, yet his influences and contributions remain clearly defined. While a few harpists such as Heidi Lehwalder and Alice Giles have perhaps equalled his virtuosity, neither are composers as well, nor conductor. As a teacher, he was a figure of near-divine inspiration arousing utter devotion among his pupils. He raised the technical and musical standards of playing in the areas of strength, tonal projection, tone quality and color, facility, and his students were thus widely sought-after for leading teaching and orchestral positions.
He influenced many composers with his new ideas for the harp's sounds and notation. They are reflected in such signature works as Offrandes by Edgard Varese, Shelomo by Ernest Bloch, Concerto for Harp by Alberto Ginastera, Serenade no. 10 and Parable by Vincent Persichetti, Suite for Harp and Chamber Orchestra by Harry Somers, Divertissement by Wallingford Riegger, Deux Divertissements by Andre Caplet, Sonata by Tomassini and many other notable works.
His artistic ideas led to the designs of two harps still manufactured by Lyon & Healy, the art-nouveau style 11 and the art deco Salzedo model, which was designed by his friend, the artist Witold Gordon. The Salzedo model harp is based on the number 5, his favorite number, and has five stripes of each color on the sounding board, five sections of the base, five layers in the column, etc., for striking effect. Salzedo harp Style 11
Salzedo authored articles in many musical publications, including "Musical America", and was often featured in musical publications as well, in addition to newspapers. For many years, he edited the publications "Eolus" and "Aeolian Review". As serious artistic publications, they featured writing by notable composers such Ernest Bloch and Dane Rudhyar, and artwork by artists such as Witold Gordon in their issues.
He founded the harp program at the Institute of Musical Art in New York City (now the Juilliard School) then led by his protègé Marie Miller, at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia where he was an influential figure, and at the Salzedo Harp Colony in Camden, Maine, which he co-founded with his then-wife, Lucile Lawrence. He was a member of the Bohemians—the Musician's Club of New York, and a National Patron of Delta Omicron, the an international professional music fraternity.
Salzedo's students numbered in the hundreds. Many continue to perform in symphony orchestras including the Philadelphia, Milwaukee, New Jersey and other symphony orchestras, and formerly occupied the Principal chairs in a great many American orchestras, as well as teaching positions at conservatories and universities. A brief list of just some of the most notable students of Salzedo in chronological order includes Florence Wightman, Casper Reardon, Lucile Lawrence, Edna Phillips, Alice Chalifoux, Lynne Wainwright Palmer, Reinhardt Elster, Marjorie Tyre, Edward Druzinsky, Marilyn Costello, Judy Loman, Heidi Lehwalder, to name a few and to omit many. Currently performing students of Salzedo include Margarita Czonka Montanaro, Heidi Lehwalder, Danis Kelly, Joan Ceo, Phyllis Ensher-Peters, Jude Mollenhauer, and many more.
He died on August 17, 1961, in Waterville, Maine, at the age of 76, while adjudicating Metropolitan Opera regional auditions at Bates College.
Pedagogical publications.
in alphabetical order:
Compositions.
Compositions for Cello, Flute, Piano, Trombone, Voice
Many early works were published by Costallat, but have apparently been lost.
Titles are followed by year of composition, publisher's name if applicable, and year of publication.
"Berceuse" for Cello and Piano, opus 72 (1907), Costallat 1908
"Caprice Scherzando" for Cello and Piano (1908), Costallat 1918
"Invocation" for Cello and Piano (1908), C.G. Roeder
"Pièce Concertante" for Trombone and Piano, opus 27 (1910), Evette & Schaeffer, 1910
"Rivalité de Fleurs" for Voice and Piano, opus 25 (1911), Costallat
"Four Choruses in Old Sonata Form" for 3 men's voices/choir and harp, organ or piano (1914), H.W. Gray, 1918
"Prelude to Olaf Bolm" for Piano (1926), Carl Fischer, 1926
"Breaking in the New Year" for Piano (1935)
"Offriam" for Cello (1951)
"Volute and Rondel" for Flute (1951), Albert Andraud (Southern)
"Marya Freund" for Piano (1956)
"Enigme" for Piano (1960)
Original Compositions for Harp (alone or with other harps, and other instruments or voice) in chronologic order
"Ballade, op. 28" (1910)(later revised), "Trois Morceaux, no. 1", Alphonse Leduc, 1914
"Paraphrase (Cadenza) for Liszt's Second Rhapsody" (a solo showpiece or cadenza for orchestral performance)(1910), G.Schirmer 1959, Lyra
"Jeux d'Eau" (1911) "Trois Morceaux, no. 2", Alphonse Leduc, 1914
"Variations sǔr un thème dans le style ancien" (1911), "Trois Morceaux, no. 3", Alphonse Leduc, 1914
"Chanson Chagrine", (1914), Lyra, 1985
"Five Preludes for Harp Alone", (1917), Carl Fischer, 1924 (original title: "Pentarhythmie")
"Five Preludes on the name of Olga" (Olga Samaroff-Stokowski), (1917)
"The Enchanted Isle" a tone poem for Harp and Orchestra (1918), Lyra
"Bolmimerie" for seven-harp ensemble (1918)
"Brise Marine" for soprano, oboe, horn, bassoon, six harps (1918)
"Modern Study of the Harp" (1919), G. Schirmer 1921
containing "Five Poetical Studies for Harp Alone" (1919)
"Poems of Sara Yarrow" for soprano, oboe, horn, bassoon, six harps (1919)
"Preludes Intimes" (1919), Boosey & Hawkes 1954
"Burlesque-Sentimental" (1920)
"Five Sketches on Friends of Mine" (1920)
"Four Preludes to the Afternoon of a Telephone" for harp duo (1921) 
"Poem of the Little Stars" (1921), International Music, 1923, Lyra 1985
"Recessional (1921), International Music, 1922, Lyra 1985
"Sonata for Harp and Piano" (1922) (Society for the Publication of American Music, G. Schirmer, 1922, Lyra)
"Four Pieces for the Modern Irish Harp" (1924)
"Three Poems of Stephane Mallarme" for soprano, harp, piano (1924)
"Nocturne to Ursula" for oboe (1925)
"Concerto for Harp and Seven Wind Instruments" (harp, fl/picc, cl A, ob, hn, bsn, trp C) (1926), Lyra 
"Preludes for Beginners" published in Method for the Harp (1927), G. Schirmer, 1929 (No titles for I-XI)
"Pentacle" Suite for harp duo (1928), Faith Carman (FC), Lyra
"Preambule et Jeux" (harp solo, fl, ob, bsn, str quintet) (one movement)
"Prelude Fatidique" (1930), G. Schirmer, 1950, Lyra (published with Suite of Eight Dances)
"Prelude in the Nature of an Octave Study" (edited and titled by Dewey Owens) (1930), Lyra 1985
"Untitled work" (harp, brasses, strings) (1930) sketch
"Musique des Troubadours" soprano, harp, viola d'amore, viola da gamba (1931)
"Triptic Dance" harp duo or trio, (1931), Lyra (published as a transcription from Pierre Beauchant, a pseudonym of Salzedo)
"Short Stories in Music" harp (1934) Series I and II, Elkan-Vogel, 1934
"Scintillation" (1936), Elkan-Vogel, 1936
"Diatonic Variations on The Carnival of Venice" Lyra 1985
"Tiny Tales for Harpist Beginners" Series I and II, (1936), Elkan-Vogel, 1942)
"Panorama Suite" (1937)
"Vieni, Vieni" (1938) (a suite of harp solos)
"Sketches for Harpist Beginners" two series (1942) (Elkan-Vogel) 
"Second Harp parts for Short Stories in Music" (1942)
"The Art of Modulating" (1943), G. Schirmer, 1950
"Suite of Eight Dances" (1943), G. Schirmer, 1950, dedicated to Lucile Lawrence
"Mimi Suite" (1946)
"Wedding Presents" (1946–52)
Carol-Paul"
"Cadenza" and editing for the Berezowsky "Concerto for Harp" (1947), Elkan-Vogel, 1947
"Prelude for a Drama" (1948), M. Baron 1951
"Diptych, Two Pieces for the Right Hand Alone" (1950)
"Conditioning Exercises" (1951), G. Schirmer 1955
"Mardi-Gras Patrol" for harp ensemble
"Conflict" (in "Pathfinder for the Harp" Peer Music 1951
"Elyze (1952)"
"Second Concerto for Harp and Orchestra" (1953-1961), Lyra 1966, (also known as Symphonic Suite--dialog for harp and orchestra)
"Chanson dans la Nuit" second harp part, G. Schirmer, 1955
"Rumba and Tango" (Suite of Eight Dances) second harp parts, G. Schirmer, 1955
Original Paraphrases, and Arrangements for the Harp in alphabetic order
Annie Laurie
Believe Me, If All Those Endearing Young Charms
Blink to me only with one eye
Concert Variations on: Adeste Fideles
Deep River
Dixie Parade (original composition)
I Wonder as I Wander
Jingle Bells
Jolly Piper (original composition)
Londonderry Air
Paraphrases on Christmas Carols: 
Short Fantasies on: 
Song of the Volga Boatman
The Last Rose of Summer
Traipsin’ thru Arkansaw (original composition)
Turkey Strut (original composition)
Two New Wedding Marches: Meyerbeer, Gluck
Transcriptions of works by other composers, alphabetical by original composer (for harp alone unless otherwise indicated)
Albeniz: La Fete-Dieu a Seville (orchestra part created for Leopold Stokowski)
Bach, J.S.: 
Beethoven: Adagio from Moonlight Sonata (Schirmer)
Boccherini: Sonata in A Major (flute, cello, harp)
Brahms:
Cady: Oriental Dance (harp duo)
Candeille: La Provencale (Tambourin) (harp quartet)
Corelli: Giga (Solos for the Harp Player, Schirmer)
Couperin: Concerts Royaux (flute, harp, cello)
Dandrieu: 
Daquin: L'Hirondelle (harp duo)
Debussy: Ballade II from Trois Ballades de François Villon (voice and harp duo)
De Falla: Seven Popular Spanish Songs (voice and harp duo) (American Harp Society edition)
various works collected and titled by Salzedo as Suite Espagnole (flute, cello and harp duo)
Dahlgren: The Maid and I (soprano and harp duo)
Donizetti: Cadenza and solo from Lucia di Lammermoor (Elkan-Vogel)
Durand: Chaconne (Solos for the Harp Player, Schirmer)
Duparc: Invitation au Voyage (soprano and harp duo)
Dvořák: Humoresque (harp solo—C. Fischer, or duo)
Enescu: Sept Chansons de Clement Marot (soprano and harp duo)
Faure: Dolly Suite (flute, harp, cello)
Gluck: Gavotte from Armide (Lyra)
Granados: Spanish Dance no. 5 (harp duo) (Southern)
Grieg: A Vision (soprano and harp duo)
Guion: Alley Tunes—Three Scenes from the South (flute, harp, cello)
Handel: Concerto for Harp in B-flat, edited extensively and original cadenza (Schirmer) in modern style, also edited in period style in ms.
Haydn: Theme and Variations (edited)
Hue: Jeune Chansons sur des vieux airs (soprano and harp duo)
Kjerulf: Ingrid's Song (soprano and harp duo)
Lara: Concert Fantasy on Granada (Southern)
Lie: Snow (soprano and harp duo)
Locatelli: Trio Sonata (flute, harp, cello)
Lotti: Sonata in G Major (flute, harp, cello)
Malotte: The Lord's Prayer (Schirmer)
Marcello: Toccata in C Minor (7-harp ensemble)
Martini: Gavotte (harp duo) (Lyra)
Massenet: Meditation from Thais (violin and harp) (Baron)
Mendelssohn: On Wings of Song (harp duo) (Lyra)
Meyerbeer: Coronation March from Le Prophete (Elkan-Vogel)
Mozart: Concerto for flute and harp, edited and revised orchestration, edited cadenzas by Reinecke (Southern)
Nin: Granadina (cello and harp) (Lyra)
Offenbach: Barcarolle from Tales of Hoffman (Fischer)
Pescetti: Sonata in C Minor (Schirmer/Lyra/Colin)
Prokofieff: Prelude in C Major (Leeds/Lyra)
Rameau: Gavotte from Le Temple de la Gloire (Schirmer/Lyra)
Rameau: Pieces de Clavecin en Concert, Suites I and II (flute, harp, cello)
Ravel: A la maniere de Faure, Chabrier, Borodin (flute, harp, cello)
Rimsky-Korsakoff: Revised Cadenza for Capriccio Espagnole (ABC of Harp Playing, Schirmer)
Rubenstein: Melody in F (Fischer)
Saint-Amans: Ninette a la cour (harp duo)
Saint-Saëns: The Swan (violin or cello and harp (Schirmer)
Scarlatti: The Cat's Fugue (harp duo)
Sierching: Sylvelin (soprano and harp duo)
Telemann: Sonata in F (flute/recorder, harp, cello) (Lyra)
Tchaikovsky: Cadenza for the Nutcracker (Lyra)
Thomas: Cadenza for Mignon (Lyra)
Valensin: Menuet from Symphony no. 1 (flute, harp, cello)
Wagner: Magic Fire Music from Die Walkure for one or two harps (Leduc)

</doc>
<doc id="5962185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962185" title="Howard Schenken">
Howard Schenken

Howard Schenken (September 28, 1903 – February 20, 1979) was an American bridge player, writer, and long-time syndicated bridge columnist. He won three Bermuda Bowl titles, and set several North American records. Most remarkably he won the Life Master Pairs five times, the Spingold twelve, and the Vanderbilt Trophy ten times; the LM Pairs and Vanderbilt records that still stand today. He was American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) Life Master #3 and was inducted by the ACBL Hall of Fame in 1966.
Career.
Schenken was playing with the Raymond Club team in the late 1920s when he was spotted by the "Father" of the game Ely Culbertson, who invited him to play as a substitute during the much publicized "Bridge Battle of the Century" against Sidney Lenz. In 1932, Schenken formed a partnership with David Burnstine who had left the "Four Horsemen", the most successful team in tournament play at the time. Burnstine created the "Bid-rite Team" consisting initially of himself, Schenken, Richard Frey and Charles Lochridge. By 1935, roster changes saw the team comprise of Burnstine, Schenken, Oswald Jacoby (from the Four Horesemen) and Michael Gottlieb. They became known now as the "Four Aces" and rose to be the most successful team yet seen at contract bridge. They published a book of their methods in 1935, "The Four Aces System of Contract Bridge", and tried to challenge Culbertson into another of his much publicized matches, but he declined. Schenken is recognized by the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) as Life Master #3, one of ten named in 1936 – behind Burnstine and Jacoby.
Beside his brilliant play, Schenken was renowned for his unbreakable calm at the table. As declarer, it was impossible to tell whether he was in a comfortable contract or an impossible one (and his commanding dummy play often made an impossible one). He was a formidably difficult opponent but a remarkably easy partner. On the Four Aces, for example, he was the only one who played with every other member of the team.
The Bermuda Bowl was first held in 1950 and Howard Schenken was on the winning USA team. He also took part in the successful defense of the trophy in 1951 and 1953, but subsequently played on the US or North America team only in the early 1960s, four times. That was during the reign of the Italian Blue Team, which proved unbeatable from 1956 to 1972. Yet one great compliment came from members of the Blue Team who said, "If your team had had another Schenken, we never could have won."
Schenken was an American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) board member for many years. In 1943 he took over the Four Aces syndicated bridge column and in 1957 merged it with the column by Richard L. Frey. The two co-wrote until 1970 when Schenken became the sole author once more; meanwhile it became the longest continuously published national bridge column.
Schenken wrote only three books but they presented some important ideas. (Two focus on ; one is a memoir.) He is credited with the discovery and introduction to the tournament world of several play techniques and examples of deceptive play which are now considered standard.
In the field of bidding theory, Schenken is credited with the idea of the forcing two-over-one response, the prepared opening bid, and the weak two bid. (The "weak two" was part of Harold Vanderbilt's Vanderbilt Club system, however.) Schenken also developed his own strong club system, the Schenken Club, played with Peter Leventritt.
Schenken died in Palm Springs, California, at age 75 in 1979.
Publications.
Schenken was a nominal co-author of publications by the Four Aces, or Four Aces Bridge Studio in some catalog records. There were at least two books with mainstream editions.

</doc>
<doc id="5962187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962187" title="Arvo Viitanen">
Arvo Viitanen

Arvo Albert Viitanen (April 12, 1924, uurainen, Central Finland – April 28, 1999) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. He won a silver medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. He was born in Uurainen and died in Myllykoski.
Viitanen also won five medals in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in the 4 x 10 km relay (1954), a silver in the 15 km (1954), and bronzes in the 50 km (1954, 1958) and the 4 x 10 km relay (1958).
He also won the 50 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5962188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962188" title="Syd Tierney">
Syd Tierney

Sydney Tierney (16 September 1923 – 6 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician and former President of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers (USDAW).
Union career.
Tierney joined one of the forerunners of USDAW in 1938 whilst working as a milkman in Rotherham. In 1953 he was appointed a collector/canvasser based in Sheffield, 4 years later becoming an area organiser for the Midlands division, based in Leicester.
In 1977 he was elected USDAW President and after losing his parliamentary seat returned to work as a national officer for USDAW with responsibilities for SATA membership and the insurance section.
Labour Party.
Tierney was Member of Parliament for the marginal Birmingham Yardley seat from February 1974 until his defeat at 1979 general election by the Conservative David Gilroy Bevan.
He also served as a councillor and Labour NEC member and chaired the party for a year.

</doc>
<doc id="5962192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962192" title="Erik Wahlstedt">
Erik Wahlstedt

Ulf Erik Wahlstedt (born 16 April 1976) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender and midfielder. His last club was Helsingborgs IF in Allsvenskan. 
Before his time in Helsingborgs IF he played for BK Astrio, IFK Göteborg and Esbjerg fB. He was named in the Swedish national team squad for the UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="5962195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962195" title="Oliveto Lucano">
Oliveto Lucano

Oliveto Lucano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5962222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962222" title="Salandra">
Salandra

Salandra () is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. 
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962246" title="San Giorgio Lucano">
San Giorgio Lucano

San Giorgio Lucano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5962252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962252" title="San Mauro Forte">
San Mauro Forte

San Mauro Forte is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Geography.
The little town is on a hill, above sea level, in the west central part of the province. To the north are the communes of Salandra (14 km / 9 miles), Oliveto Lucano (15 km / 9 miles) and Garaguso (17 km / 11 miles). To the east is Ferrandina (31 km / 20 miles) with Craco (25 km / 15 miles) e Stigliano (31 km / 20 miles) to the south. Accettura is (14 km / 9 miles) to the south. The provincial capital, Matera is 70 km / 44 miles away, while the administrative capital of the adjacent province, Potenza, is 66 km / 41 miles away.
San Mauro Forte is included in the administrative grouping of Upland Communes of the Matera Hills
History.
The place was established in the sixth century. It was probably part of Magna Graecia.
References.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962253" title="Scanzano Jonico">
Scanzano Jonico

Scanzano Jonico is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.

</doc>
<doc id="5962255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962255" title="Cirigliano">
Cirigliano

Cirigliano (chi-ri-llia-no) is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Cirigliano is an ancient town whose origin is uncertain. It is surrounded by walls and towers. Cirigliano is a typical medieval village which still has a castle tower with an oval base and a chapel within its walls. It has a 17th-century “Pieta” in a decorated wood temple.
External links.
[http://www.cirigliano.org] Cirigliano community

</doc>
<doc id="5962259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962259" title="Qi Hong">
Qi Hong

Qi Hong (; born June 3, 1976 in Shanghai) is a former Chinese international footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or shadow striker throughout his career. He is predominately remembered for his time at Shanghai Shenhua where he won the league and Chinese FA Cup with them before controversially moving to then local neighbours Shanghai Zhongyuan Huili. While internationally he his remembered for being part of the Chinese squad that came fourth within the 2000 AFC Asian Cup as well as also being part of the squad that took part in the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Since retiring he would help form a local football club called Shanghai Lucky Star Youth Football Club, however on October 12, 2010 he was detained by police for his involvement in fixing a league game against Tianjin Teda F.C. on November 30, 2003 and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13, 2012
Club career.
As a juvenile from Shanghai, he progressed at all the levels of the Shanghai Shenhua youth football training system and was a stand out player before he graduated into the senior side. Making his debut in the senior team at the 1995 league season, at the age of 19 years old he made a big impression by scoring 6 league goals in 14 appearances that helped contribute to Shanghai Shenhua winning the league championship. He would cement his position within the team the following season when he played in a further 16 league games scoring 4 goals, however this was not enough from regaining the title and Shanghai unfortunately came second in the league to Dalian Wanda. During his seven seasons at Shanghai he was only able to add a Chinese FA Cup to his honours and despite coming runners up several times they were often beaten by the dominant Dalian Wanda. 
Qi Hong would surprise many when he transferred to SFC's local rivals Shanghai Zhongyuan Huili (now known as Shaanxi Neo-China Chanba F.C.) at the beginning of the 2002 league season. While the transfer initially saw Shanghai Zhongyuan Huili better Shanghai Shenhua by coming in 9th compared to Shanghai Shenhua's 12th and several seasons of that saw both teams fight for the title, Shanghai Zhongyuan Huili decided to move to Xi'an and Qi left. Deciding to stay in Shanghai Qi played for Shanghai Jiucheng who were in the second tier as well as ending his career with Shanghai Liancheng.
After his retirement in 2007.1, he devote himself into cultivating Chinese youth football player. Therefore, he and his good friend Shen Si, who was also a national football player, launched a local football club called Shanghai Lucky Star Youth Football Club, with the goal to develop the super football player for china.
International career.
After his impressive performances for Shanghai Shenhua Qi Hong would be called up into the Chinese senior squad in 1998 where he would establish himself as a regular known for his outstanding football awareness and technical ability rather than his physical strength. During his time with the national team he and fellow Shanghai team members, Fan Zhiyi and Xie Hui were called "The Three Musketeers". Qi Hong particularly endeared himself to the national team when he scored three key goals in the Asian zone second stage in qualifying for the 2002 World Cup finals against United Arab Emirates and Oman to send China to their first World Cup. Highly respected, Qi Hong was often the key to the Chinese attack on the pitch even though he lacked the physical presence of others, yet he was the leader on the football pitch and was a very popular and respected footballer despite being a low-key and modest character.
Match-fixing.
On October 12, 2010, Qi Hong was reported to have been detained by the police and was said to be involved in fixing the November 30, 2003 league game against Tianjin Teda F.C. during his stint as a player at Shanghai International. The allegations sugguests that his team mate Shen Si was bribed by former Tianjin Teda general manager Yang Yifeng a total of 12 million Yuan to lose the game and that Shen had asked team mates Qi Hong, Jiang Jin and Li Ming (1975) to help him. After being arrested by the police a lengthy wait eventually saw Qi Hong found guilty of match-fixing and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13, 2012 and fined 500,000 Yuan along with his associates except for Shen Si who was given six years.
Honours.
Shanghai Shenhua

</doc>
<doc id="5962260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962260" title="Stigliano">
Stigliano

Stigliano is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy. 
History.
The town was founded by the Lucani, and later was conquered by the Greek colony of Metaponto. The name is most likely of Roman origin, stemming from the Hostilii family, who owned it. After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, it fell under the Lombards, and was part of the medieval Principality of Salerno. In 1070 it was given to the bishops of Tricarico.
In 1274 King Charles I of Anjou gave it as a fief to Giacomo di Bosciniano. The powerful Neapolitan family of the Carafa acquired it in 1289. In 1556 the whole fief passed under the Spanish Dukes the Medina, who made it capital of the Basilicata province. In 1806, after the abolition of feudalism, Stigliano went under the direct administration of the Kingdom of Naples and later the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and, in 1861, became part of the newly unified Kingdom of Italy.
During the Fascist era Stigliano was an exile place for Fascist dissidents.
Notes and references.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5962263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962263" title="Tricarico">
Tricarico

Tricarico () is a town and "comune" in the province of Matera, Basilicata, southern Italy. 
It is home to one of the best preserved medieval historical centres in Lucania.
Origins.
The origin of Tricarico is presently unknown. According to one hypothesis, it could derive from the Greek words "treis" ("three") and "akros" or " akris "("summit", "mount", "apex"), meaning "city of the three mounts".
History.
Although of ancient origin, the first news documented about the town date to 849, when it was a Lombard county included in the gastaldate of Salerno. Later (9th-late 10th century) it was an Arabic stronghold: the terrace gardens, of Arabic origin, that are still in use today. In 968 Tricarico was conquered by Byzantine Empire and then, in 1048, it became a Norman fortified town.
In the 15th century, there was a Jewish community.
Main sights.
The roads and alleys of the historical center reflect themselves the Arabic quarters of the Ràbata and the Saracena.
Sights in the town include:
The archaeological area of Civita is situated outside the city. It includes a Roman fortified center that extends for approximately and consists of stone buildings with squared blocks, fortified with monumental doors. On the interior, some rooms have mosaic pavements over 2500 years old.
Also present is the "Cerra del Cedro" archaeological site, inhabited from as early as the 6th century by to the 3rd century BC.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5962268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962268" title="Roßleben">
Roßleben

Roßleben is a town in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Unstrut, 22 km southeast of Sangerhausen.

</doc>
<doc id="5962278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962278" title="Musuan Peak">
Musuan Peak

Musuan Peak or Mount Musuan , also known as Mount Calayo (, literally "Fire Mountain") is an active volcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. It is 4.5 kilometres south of the city of Valencia, province of Bukidnon, and 81 km southeast of Cagayan de Oro City.
Physical characteristics.
Musuan is a lava dome and tuff cone.
It has an elevation of 646 meters asl, and a base diameter of 3 km.
Eruptions.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology reports that Musuan erupted in 1866 and 1867, but the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program records another eruption, possibly phreatic, that "burned everything around it." The explosion supposedly occurred four years before the 1891 visit of a Jesuit priest, who reported that he could not examine the volcano more closely because of strong solfataric activity.
A strong seismic swarm occurred near Musuan in 1976, and again around mid-2011.
Musuan is one of the active volcanos in the Philippines, which are all part of the Pacific ring of fire.
Flora.
Mount Musuan's northern slope is still covered by a primary rainforest. The rest is covered predominantly by Cogon grass ("Imperata cylindrica"). Reforestation efforts on the bare areas, both in tree-planting drives and by Central Mindanao University personnel, have established temporary forests of "Acacia mangium" and conifers.
There are 524 species of plants in Mt. Musuan under 353 genera and 135 families. 301 species are trees, 51 shrubs, 50 grasses and sedges, 46 herbs, 42 vines, 31 ferns, and 3 fern allies. 188 species (35%) are economically important, 128 species (24%) are endemic, and 3 (1%) are endangered species. Musuan peak has approximately 6,354 individual trees. The most common tree species (in density and frequency) are the "Mallotus multiglandulosus" (Kamala tree) and "Colona serratifolia", followed by "Clausena brevistyla" and "Alstonia scholaris" (Blackboard tree). Three species of pteridophytes are locally threatened: "Marsilea crenata" (""apat-apat""), "Ceratopteris thalictroides" (""pakung-sungay""), and "Lycopodiella cernua" (clubmoss). 10 species of pteridophytes are endemic to the area.
History and Infrastructure.
Mt. Musuan's lack of any visible crater has led to some local skepticism of it being an active volcano. Still, the imagery evoked by its name variant 'Mount Calayo' (Fire Mountain) and the stories told by local Bukidnon tribesmen keeps people wary of the relatively small mountain which doesn't look like a volcano at all.
Valencia City is located North of the peak, the Central Mindanao University (CMU) and Barangay Dologon at the southwest, and the Pulangi River on the entire eastern side.
At the foot of Musuan Peak is the Mt. Musuan Zoological and Botanical Garden of the Central Mindanao University. It includes a butterfly greenhouse and a reforestation nursery among its buildings. The Sayre Highway and a research center of the Philippine Carabao Center are located on the western slopes. It has a tourist shop which sells dairy products made from Carabao milk. South of the mountain are the university agricultural facilities including a cattle ranch, a poultry farm, greenhouses, and a dairy. 
Due to its proximity to the university and the university town proper, it has become a popular destination for students, teachers, and tourists; either for picnics or a study of the flora and fauna of one of the few remnants of the jungles that once covered the valleys of the surrounding areas. From its isolated position in the middle of the valley and the very small surface area of its highest point (only a few meters), the entire countryside is visible from the top. Currently its slopes has been the target of extensive reforestation efforts partly paid for by the establishment of toll gates to hikers intending to go up the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="5962286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962286" title="Proving ground">
Proving ground

A proving ground is the US name for a military installation or reservation where weapons or other military technology are experimented with or are tested, or where military tactics are tested. The usual British term is training area.
While these types of facilities are usually military or government establishments, some civilian industries have their own proving grounds for testing prototypes and new technologies.
Military and Government.
United States.
In the United States, there are several military facilities that are designated as Proving Grounds.
Europe.
Czech Republic.
There are five proving grounds in the Czech Republic with the total area of 1296 km².
Russia/former Soviet Union.
In Russia a designated are is usually called a "polygon" (Полигон).

</doc>
<doc id="5962290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962290" title="Lennart Larsson (cross-country skier)">
Lennart Larsson (cross-country skier)

Lennart "Lill-Järven" Larsson (born February 7, 1930) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. Larsson also finished 4th in the 50 km event at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley.
Larsson also won a gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1958 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti. 
He was born in Granbergsträsk, Skellefteå Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5962318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962318" title="The Sleeping">
The Sleeping

The Sleeping was an American post-hardcore band from Long Island, New York, formed in 2003. The band was founded by Cameron Keym, Sal Mignano, and Joe Zizzo from the remains of Skycamefalling, after auditioning twenty-two potential singers, they came across Doug Robinson, former singer/guitarist of the band Stillwelle. Their music has been featured in video games including " Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam" for the "Wii", "Madden NFL 07", ' ("Don't Hold Back"), ' ("Bomb the World"), and "" ("Listen Close"). They released their fourth studio album, "The Big Deep", on September 28, 2010.
Their first album, "Believe What We Tell You" was released in 2004, and their second, "Questions & Answers" was released in 2006. They started touring before they released a full length record. They toured on a three song demo that was hand printed and self recorded. The demo sold over 1000 copies, the band used a DIY method at first which saw them booking their first tour themselves. In 2004, the band was signed to a small independent record company and released Believe What We Tell You and started touring full-time.
In 2004 and 2005, they toured with Taking Back Sunday, Bayside, Brandston, Action Action and many more. In 2006 they were featured on the Nintendo Fusion Tour along with Plain White T's, Relient K, Emery, and Hawthorne Heights. They also toured the UK on the Victory Records Tour with The Audition, Bayside and Aiden. They toured mainland Europe and the UK on the Give It A Name fest with Gallows, Jimmy Eat World and Sparta. They toured in January 2007 with Senses Fail among others. They were also nominated for 2007's MTV Mountain Dew Circuit Breakout, and finished in the Top 12.
"What It Takes".
On August 6, 2008 the band announced that after 6 months of auditioning for a new pianist/guitarist to replace Cameron Keym, they had recruited Paul Cadena and Christopher Evans.
The band proceeded to tour across the East Coast and Midwest US with Envy on the Coast, Secret Lives of the Freemasons, and also a few concerts with The Gay Blades, finishing in late August. On October 15, they played at Eisenhower Park with Crosby, Stills & Nash along with Ryan Star, Francis Dunnery, Barefoot Truth, Jaik Miller band, Katy Pfaffl, Melissa Reyes, Jeff Robinson & Life, Arlon Bennett, and others in support of Barack Obama.
On November 7, 2008, the band announced on their MySpace that they were finally recording their new record, and on November 14, they also announced that they had posted their first studio update, while recording their new album at Salad Days Studio in Baltimore. They toured with Funeral for a Friend, Emarosa and This Is Hell for a U.S. tour from January to February. On January 6, 2009, the tracklist for "What It Takes" was added to their MySpace page.
On February 17, 2009 "What It Takes" was released and peaked at No. 20 on the Top Heatseekers chart, garnering positive reviews. In April, the band played shows in Ontario with Bring Me the Horizon.
They also announced tour dates with Silverstein, Poison the Well, Oceana, Hollywood Undead, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Escape the Fate, Atreyu, Mest, and Madina Lake. They have also played at the Quebec City Summer Festival with Sting, The Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Hollywood Undead and The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus. In 2009-2010 Sal Mignano was part owner of Broadway, a small music venue and bar in Amityville, NY he left over disagreements with his partner over how to treat the bands. September 13–16, 2009 They played four sold-out shows in a row at Broadway in Amityville, NY and made a video, Directed by "The Chain Gang" (Erick Sasso and Brian Wendelken), for the song "You'll Be A Corpse Before Your Time" with the footage. Bass player Sal Mignano has toured with 'hippy-hop' artist Mod Sun. Drummer Joe Zizzo has performed live with Envy on the Coast. On Sept 9th 2010 They played a secret show with Glassjaw at Vibe Lounge, a small venue on Long Island.
Salvatore Mignano is the owner of The leaky Lifiboat bar (seaford, NY), ZA Pizzeria (Rockville center and seaford, NY) and The Amityville music hall and tavern (amityville, NY)
On January 2, it was announced that Douglas Robinson had joined forces with Fullterton-based band Archives to form a new project called "The Night".
On January 5, 2012, The Sleeping officially announced they are going on an "indefinite hiatus".
On January 24, the group Archives announced that it had changed its name to "Night Verses".
According to a status update posted on January 27, Portland, Oregon producer Kris Crummett (famous for working with Rise Records' group Dance Gavin Dance) noted that he had been working with Night Verses on several tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5962329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962329" title="Jiang Jin">
Jiang Jin

Jiang Jin (; born October 17, 1968 in Tianjin) is a former Chinese international football goalkeeper who was predominantly known for being the first-choice goalkeeper for China during the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Along with his older brother Jiang Hong he also became a goalkeeper and started his career playing for Bayi Football Team before moving to Tianjin Teda, Shanghai International and Shanghai Stars. After a short stint as an assistant coach for Shanghai Stars he moved away from football until October 17, 2010 saw him detained by the police for his involvement in fixing a league game against Tianjin Teda F.C. on November 30, 2003 and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13, 2012
Club career.
Jiang Jin began his football career playing for Bayi Football Team during the 1987 league season and gradually established himself within their team. During his time with Bayi he saw them become a fully run professional football team and despite seeing them finding it difficult to transition to professionalism Jiang was a steady constant within the team. By the 1996 league season his consistency started to pay off when he aided Bayi to third within the league, which lead to an eventual call-up to the national team. While his international career grew from strength to strength Bayi struggled within the league until the relegated at the end of the end of the 1998 league season. Jiang stayed for a short period before joining Tianjin Teda where he remained for three seasons before joining highly ambitious side Shanghai International in the 2003 league season in a season that saw his side just miss out on the league title. The next season saw him only make sixteen league appearances and drop from being the first choice goalkeeper. This led to Jiang joining second-tier side Shanghai Stars where he was offered an assistant post as well before he retired in 2007.
International career.
Jiang Jin was first called up to the senior team in 1993; however he waited until October 31, 1997 before he was given his chance to make his senior debut in 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Qatar in a 3-2 defeat. Under Bobby Houghton Jiang was given an opportunity to establish himself as the country's first choice goalkeeper and it was during the 1998 Asian Games held in Bangkok that Jiang shone by aiding the country to a third choice finish and personally winning the “Asian best goalkeeper” award.
Match-fixing.
On October 17, 2010, Jiang Jin was reported to have been detained by the police and was said to be involved in fixing the November 30, 2003 league game against Tianjin Teda F.C. during his stint as a player at Shanghai International. The allegations sugguests that his team mate Shen Si was bribed by former Tianjin Teda general manager Yang Yifeng a total of 12 million Yuan to lose the game and that Shen had asked team mates Jiang Jin, Qi Hong and Li Ming (1975) to help him. After being arrested by the police a lengthy wait eventually saw Jiang Jin found guilty of match-fixing and was sentenced to five and a half years imprisonment on June 13, 2012 and fined 500,000 Yuan along with his associates except for Shen Si who was given six years.
Honours.
As a player

</doc>
<doc id="5962336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962336" title="Francis Schlatter">
Francis Schlatter

Francis Schlatter (1856–c. 1896) was an Alsatian cobbler who, because of miraculous cures attributed to him, became known as the Healer.
Biography.
Schlatter was born in the village of Ebersheim, Bas-Rhin, near Sélestat, in Alsace on April 29, 1856. In 1884 he emigrated to the United States, where he worked at his trade in various cities, arriving in Denver, Colorado, in 1892. There, a few months later, he experienced a vision at his cobbler's bench in which he heard the voice of the Father commanding him to sell his business, give the money to the poor, and devote his life to healing the sick. He then undertook a two-year, 3,000-mile walking pilgrimage around the American West which took him across eastern Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma, and then to Hot Springs, Arkansas, where he was arrested and jailed for vagrancy. In early 1894 he escaped and headed west, walking across Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona and into southern California, where he began his first efforts at healing with the Indians of the San Jacinto Valley. After two months, he again took up his pilgrimage and traveled east across the Mohave Desert, living on nothing but flour and water. In July 1895 he emerged as a Christlike healer in the Rio Grande villages south of Albuquerque. There, while treating hundreds of sick, suffering, and disabled people who flocked to Albuquerque's Old Town, he became famous. Crowds gathered about him daily, hoping to be cured of their diseases simply by clasping his hands. The following month he returned to Denver, but did not resume his healings until mid-September. During the next few weeks, his ministry drew tens of thousands of pilgrims to a small home in North Denver. Schlatter is said to have refused all rewards for his services. His manner of living was of the simplest, and he taught no new doctrine. He said only that he obeyed a power which he called Father, and from this power he received his healing virtue.
On the night of November 13, 1895, he suddenly disappeared, leaving behind him a note in which he said that his mission was ended. Then, in 1897 news came out of Mexico that the healer's bones and possessions had been found on a mountainside in the Sierra Madre. At the same time, a New Mexico woman named Ada Morley published a book called "The Life of the Harp in the Hand of the Harper" which told of the healer's three-month retreat on her ranch in Datil, New Mexico, after his disappearance from Denver. The book, which carried the title the healer gave it, also contained a first-person description of his two-year pilgrimage, which he believed held the same significance for mankind as Christ's forty days in the wilderness. On departing the Morley ranch, Schlatter told Morley that God intended to establish New Jerusalem in the Datil Mountains, and the healer promised to return at that time. In the wake of the healer's death, several men claiming to be Francis Schlatter made headlines around the country in 1909, 1916, and 1922.
In August Strindberg´s autobiographical novel "Inferno" Francis Schlatter is mentioned as a doppelgänger of another man Strindberg met in Paris in 1896, the year after Schlatter disappeared. He was afraid of Schlatter. The "double" turned out to be Paul Herrmann, a German-American painter.
The Healer's Copper Rod.
In 1906 Edgar Lee Hewett, who became a noted archaeologist and museum director, was conducting research near Casas Grandes, Chihuahua, Mexico, when his Mexican guide pointed out an unmarked grave. Ten years before, the guide said, he had come across the body of a dead man following a blizzard. From the guide's description, Hewett surmised that the dead man the guide had come across was Francis Schlatter, whom Hewett had met and whose healing sessions he observed in 1895. Hewett asked if any of the man's possessions had survived. The guide led him to the home of the "jefe" of Casas Grandes, and there Hewett saw Schlatter's Bible, saddle, and copper rod—which had become a mysterious hallmark of the healer from the time of his disappearance. Years later, in 1922, Hewett returned to Mexico and examined the copper rod again. By now the director of the School of American Research (now the School for Advanced Research) and the Museum of New Mexico, he showed interest in the rod and made a donation to the village of Casas Grandes to hire a teacher. Back in Santa Fe, a few weeks later, he received a heavy, burlap-wrapped package, and inside was Francis Schlatter's copper rod. He placed the rod in the collections of the two institutions he directed, which shared space in the Palace of the Governors in Santa Fe, N.M. Today the rod is on display in the Palace of the Governors.

</doc>
<doc id="5962339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962339" title="Gavoustema">
Gavoustema

Gavoustema (Greek: Γαβούστημα) is the "Annual Panhellenic Meeting of the Misthiotes", descendants of the inhabitants of Misthi (Cappadocia, today Turkey), in Greece. The Misthiotes refers to a group of Greek-Cappadocian people who came to Greece after the population exchange between Greece and Turkey following the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923. Having established themselves in their new homeland of Greece the organizing committees of these descendants agreed by the end of the 1990s to arrange an annual meeting to celebrate and promote their culture. The first Annual Panhellenic Meeting was held in Mandra, Larissa (Greece) in 1997. These meetings have since then been arranged at different locations in Greece where Misthiotes (and those related to them) settled down. In reality, the Annual Panhellenic Meeting is a cultural festival with activities ranging from art, music and dance exhibitions, academic lectures (often concerning history), gastronomical tours as well as book exposition. This event has proven highly successful in many respects and has attracted more than 3000 every year. In many cases, families have found relatives they did not exist which has resulted in the illumination of their ancestry. The Gavoustema has also led to the resurrection of the Misthiotic culture which to many, especially to younger generations, has been completely unknown. As a result, the Gavoustema has spurred several individuals to engage in layman investigations or professional academic research about the history, culture and language of the Misthiotes.
The Gavoustema has been hosted by the following cities in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="5962340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962340" title="University of the Philippines Cebu College">
University of the Philippines Cebu College

The University of the Philippines Cebu (, (also U.P. Cebu, U.P.C., or UPC)) is an autonomous unit of the University of the Philippines System located in Cebu City, the capital city of Cebu in the Philippines. It was founded on May 3, 1918, ten years after the founding of U.P. in 1908.
U.P. Cebu was formerly under the administrative supervision of U.P. Visayas, along with three other satellite campuses, namely U.P. Miag-ao, U.P. Iloilo City and U.P. Tacloban. On September 24, 2010, the U.P. Board of Regents elevated the status of U.P. Cebu to that of an autonomous unit, in preparation for its elevation to the status of a Constituent University of the U.P. System in around five to seven years.
The college has two campuses. The Lahug campus is located in Gorordo Avenue, Lahug, Cebu City. It occupies a 12-hectare site which was donated by the Cebu Provincial Government in 1929, however, a fraction of the land is occupied by informal settlers. The said campus is mainly within Barangay Lahug and partly in Barangay Camputhaw. The U.P. Oblation marks the political boundary between Barangay Lahug and Camputhaw. The new U.P. Cebu SRP campus features the UP Professional Schools which offers degree programs such as Master of Business Administration, Master of Science in Computer Science, Master of Education and Master of Science in Environmental Studies.
In 2007, the Philippines' Commission on Higher Education (CHED) recognized U.P. Cebu as a National Center of Excellence (COE) on Computer Science.
Name Changes.
The successive births and rebirths, and academic upheavals have vested UPC with a succession of names.
Administration.
As an Autonomous Unit of the U.P. System, U.P. Cebu's highest local administrative officer is the College Dean, directly under the office of the U.P. President. Management and handling of the College's various administrative functions are divided between the following offices:
Student Government.
The U.P. Cebu Student Council (UPC-SC) currently has 17 voting members and 3 nonvoting members: the Chairperson, the Vice Chairperson, 4 Councilors, 8 Year Representatives, 2 Fine Arts Representatives, 1 UNISO Chairperson, and 3 Secretaries. The 4 Councilor posts were instituted as a replacement to 2 U.P. Visayas College Representatives following U.P. Cebu's elevation to an Autonomous Unit. All positions serve for one-year terms, with the First Year Representatives being elected every August and the rest elected every February.
Academics.
Admission and Graduation.
High School
College / Undergraduate
Graduate
Clusters and Programs.
U.P. Cebu offers certificate programs, undergraduate degrees, and graduate degrees. They are arranged according to these clusters:
Arts and Humanities Cluster
Certificate Programs
Undergraduate Degree Programs
Business Management Cluster
Undergraduate Degree Program
Graduate Degree Program
Sciences Cluster
Undergraduate Degree Programs
Graduate Degree Programs
Social Sciences Cluster
Undergraduate Degree Programs
Graduate Degree Program
High School Program
The college also has a High School program which began in 1972. Commonly known as the University of the Philippines – Cebu High School, the high school program is run by the college's Professional Education Division. The high school program's enrollment was downsized down from 3 sections in the past to 2 sections currently for each year level by the order of Dean Enrique Avila, supposedly because of problems in funding. Each high school class has a maximum of 35 students.
Grading System and Academic Calendar.
U.P. Cebu College uses the same grading system as the other undergraduate colleges of the U.P. System.
Academic performance is rated from 1.00 being excellent to 5.00 as failed. Grades from 1.00 to 3.00 are separated by increments of 0.25, while 3.00 is followed immediately by 4.00 and then 5.00. A grade of four (4.00) is a conditional grade and a student needs to remove the grade of 4.00 during a prescribed period (usually determined by the college where he/she is enrolled) or else it will become 5.00 once the period has lapsed. A conditional grade can only be removed by a removal exam; if the student passes the exam, he/she will obtain a grade of 3.00, otherwise it is 5.00. An alternative for 4.00 is the rating of "INC", which means "incomplete", and is given to students who have unfinished requirements for a particular subject. If a student drops the subject before the "subject dropping period" his/her record for that subject will be replaced by "DRP".
Students who attain a grade point average of 1.20 or better, 1.45 to 1.20, and 1.75 to 1.45 are awarded upon graduation as summa cum laude, magna cum laude and cum laude respectively. Graduation occurs every April and October, however, commencement exercises are done only during the month of April.
The academic year is divided into two semesters, which is divided to at least 16 weeks each, excluding the registration period. The first semester starts by June and ends in October, followed by a 2-week semestral break. The second semester starts by November immediately after All Saints' Day and ends in March, or April, depending on the Holy Week. There is a 2-week Christmas break in December. Summer classes of six weeks following the second semester are optional to students.
Accreditation.
In 2007, the Philippines' Commission on Higher Education (CHED) recognized U.P. Cebu as a National Center of Excellence (COE) on Information Technology.
Student Attire.
"College Level"
"High School Level"
Facilities.
Current.
Administrative
Academic
Others
Student Organizations.
Student organizations are an essential component of college life in any U.P. campus, with many students belonging to at least three student organizations. Currently, U.P. Cebu is home to at least 40 recognized student organizations. These meet regularly under the "UNISO", or "Unified Student Organizations", an assembly of the various student organizations in U.P. Cebu.
Listed below are some of the more prominent student organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="5962342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962342" title="Payless Car Rental">
Payless Car Rental

Payless Car Rental, Inc. is a car rental company headquartered in St. Petersburg, Florida. While mainly a franchise system, the company owns and operates several corporate locations. Payless Car Rental, Payless Car Sales, Payless Parking and REZlink International are sister companies under the umbrella of Avalon Global Group.
The Payless brand operates in North America, South America, the Caribbean and Europe. The company has over 80 locations worldwide.
History.
In 1971, John Les Netterstron opened the first Payless Car Rental location in Spokane, Washington. Under the direction of Netterstron, the company grew from a local car rental store to a franchise system with over 100 car rental offices throughout the United States. By 1987 the company acquired the U.S. portion of Canadian based Holiday Rent a Car, at which time the company built its first automated central reservation system.
The first Payless image was created in 1989, which has endured to the present day with only minor changes.
Payless opened its first two corporate stores in 2002, adding 4 more between 2004 - 2006. The company currently has corporate locations in Denver, Ft. Lauderdale, Las Vegas, Orlando, Phoenix and Tampa. In March 2009 Payless Car Rental was added to the Expedia Preferred Vendors view. Payless also offers rates through travel portals such as Orbitz, Priceline, and Travelocity.
Today Payless provides car rental services in over 80 locations in 20 countries operating over 10,000 vehicles. Most recently the Avis Budget Group has acquired Payless for reported cost of 50 million dollars.
Vehicles.
Payless Car Rental rents these vehicles:
Economy: Hyundai Accent
Compact: Nissan Versa
Intermediate: Hyundai Elantra
Standard: Dodge Avenger
Full-Size: Hyundai Sonata
Premium: Toyota Camry
Luxury: Chrysler 300
Van: Dodge Grand Caravan
Sport Utility: Hyundai Santa Fe
Convertible: Chrysler Sebring / Chrysler 200
See also.
For reviews about the service provided by this company:
http://www.reviewcentre.com/reviews67211.html
http://www.rateitall.com/i-54204-payless-car-rental.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="5962343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962343" title="Amazon S3">
Amazon S3

Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) is an online file storage web service offered by Amazon Web Services. Amazon S3 provides storage through web services interfaces (REST, SOAP, and BitTorrent). Amazon launched S3, its first publicly available web service, in the United States in March 2006 and in Europe in November 2007.
At its inception, Amazon charged end users US$0.15 per gigabyte-month, with additional charges for bandwidth used in sending and receiving data, and a per-request (get or put) charge. On November 1, 2008, pricing moved to tiers where end users storing more than 50 terabytes receive discounted pricing. Amazon says that S3 uses the same scalable storage infrastructure that Amazon.com uses to run its own global e-commerce network.
Amazon S3 is reported to store more than 2 trillion objects . This is up from 102 billion objects , 64 billion objects in August 2009, 52 billion in March 2009, 29 billion in October 2008, 14 billion in January 2008, and 10 billion in October 2007. S3 uses include web hosting, image hosting, and storage for backup systems. S3 guarantees 99.9% monthly uptime, i.e. not more than 43 minutes of downtime per month.
Design.
Details of S3's design are not made public by Amazon, though it clearly manages data with an object storage architecture. According to Amazon, S3's design aims to provide scalability, high availability, and low latency at commodity costs.
S3 is designed to provide 99.999999999% durability and 99.99% availability of objects over a given year, though there is no SLA for durability.
S3 stores arbitrary objects (computer files) up to 5 terabytes in size, each accompanied by up to 2 kilobytes of metadata. Objects are organized into "buckets" (each owned by an Amazon Web Services account), and identified within each bucket by a unique, user-assigned key. Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) which are used in the Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) can be exported to S3 as bundles.
Buckets and objects can be created, listed, and retrieved using either a REST-style HTTP interface or a SOAP interface. Additionally, objects can be downloaded using the HTTP GET interface and the BitTorrent protocol.
Requests are authorized using an access control list associated with each bucket and object.
Bucket names and keys are chosen so that objects are addressable using HTTP URLs:
Because objects are accessible by unmodified HTTP clients, S3 can be used to replace significant existing (static) web hosting infrastructure. The Amazon AWS Authentication mechanism allows the bucket owner to create an authenticated URL with time-bounded validity. That is, someone can construct a URL that can be handed off to a third-party for access for a period such as the next 30 minutes, or the next 24 hours.
Every item in a bucket can also be served up as a BitTorrent feed. The S3 store can act as a seed host for a torrent and any BitTorrent client can retrieve the file. This drastically reduces the bandwidth costs for the download of popular objects. While the use of BitTorrent does reduce bandwidth, AWS does not provide native bandwidth limiting and as such users have no access to automated cost control. This can lead to users on the 'free-tier' S3 or small hobby users amassing dramatic bills. AWS representatives have previously stated that such a feature was on the design table from 2006 to 2010 but have recently stated the feature is no longer in development.
A bucket can be configured to save HTTP log information to a sibling bucket; this can be used in later data mining operations. This feature is currently still in beta.
Hosting entire websites.
Amazon S3 provides options to host static websites with Index document support and error document support. This support was added as a result of user requests dating at least to 2006. For example, suppose that Amazon S3 was configured with CNAME records to host http://subdomain.example.com/. In the past, a visitor to this URL would find only an XML-formatted list of objects instead of a general landing page (e.g., index.html) to accommodate casual visitors. Now, however, websites hosted on S3 may designate a default page to display, and another page to display in the event of a partially invalid URL.
Notable users.
Photo hosting service SmugMug has used S3 since April 2006. They experienced a number of initial outages and slowdowns, but after one year they described it as being "considerably more reliable than our own internal storage" and claimed to have saved almost $1 million in storage costs.
There are various User Mode File System (FUSE)-based file systems for Unix-like operating systems (Linux, etc.) that can be used to mount an S3 bucket as a file system. Note that as the semantics of the S3 file system are not that of a Posix file system, the file system may not behave entirely as expected.
Apache Hadoop file systems can be hosted on S3, as its requirements of a file system are met by S3. As a result, Hadoop can be used to run MapReduce algorithms on EC2 servers, reading data and writing results back to S3.
Dropbox, Bitcasa, StoreGrid, Prowl, Jumpshare, SyncBlaze, Tahoe-LAFS-on-S3, Zmanda and Ubuntu One, Fiabee are some of the many online backup and synchronization services that use S3 as their storage and transfer facility.
Minecraft hosts game updates and player skins on the S3 servers.
Tumblr, Formspring, Pinterest, and Posterous images are hosted on the S3 servers.
Alfresco (software) the OpenSource Enterprise Content Management provider are hosting data for the Alfresco in the cloud service on S3.
eXo Platform, an Open Source Document and Social Platform, also has an option to store binary files in Amazon S3
LogicalDOC, the open source Document management system provides a tool for disaster recovery based on S3.
S3 was used in the past by some enterprises as a long term archiving solution, until Amazon Glacier was released.
S3 API and competing services.
The broad adoption of Amazon S3 and related tooling has given rise to competing services based on the S3 API. These services utilize the standard programing interface; however, they are differentiated by their underlying technologies and supporting business models. A cloud storage standard (like electrical and networking standards) enables competing service providers to design their services and clients using different piece parts in different ways yet still communicate and provide the following benefits:
Examples of competing S3 compliant storage implementations include:

</doc>
<doc id="5962348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962348" title="Jakob Augustsson">
Jakob Augustsson

Jakob Augustsson, born 8 October 1980 in Häljarp, Sweden, is a right- or left wing defender, currently playing for Ängelholms FF. Prior to signing for the club, he represented Helsingborgs IF. He has also played for FC Lyn Oslo in Norway and Landskrona BoIS.

</doc>
<doc id="5962349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962349" title="Natal Native Contingent">
Natal Native Contingent

The Natal Native Contingent was a large force of auxiliary soldiers in British South Africa, forming a large portion of the defence forces of the British colony of Natal, and saw action during the 1879 Anglo-Zulu War. The NNC was originally created in 1878 out of the local black population in order to bolster the defences of Natal. Most NNC troops were drawn from the Basuto and Mponso tribes, which had had long experience of fighting against the Zulus.
Organisation.
The structure of the NNC followed the pattern of regular British infantry units at the time. Each regiment of the NNC consisted of two to three battalions, divided into ten companies of 100 black soldiers each, with six European NCOs and three European officer per company. Units received standard British infantry training.
Equipment.
Due to budget constraints in South Africa, the British were unable to provide NNC troops with uniforms. Instead, soldiers wore their traditional tribal apparel with a red cloth bandanna around their foreheads, the only item to distinguish them from Zulu warriors. The NCO's and Officers wore Khaki and black uniforms.
The European population of Natal had long feared that arming the black population would constitute a severe security risk and as a result only one in ten NNC soldiers was issued with a rifled musket, while the rest were armed with their traditional spears. The officers and NCOs, about 90 men per battalion, carried rifles, ammunition and bayonets. In addition, those soldiers issued with a musket firearm were provided with only four rounds of ammunition at any one time. The bulk of the NNC fought with traditional African spears and shields and only about 20% of the unit had some sort of gun.
Effectiveness.
At the beginning of the Anglo-Zulu War in January 1879, the NNC's commander, Colonel Anthony Durnford, frequently voiced his opinion that the NNC troops should be used as scouts for the advancing British army, as their similar appearance to Zulu warriors would confuse Zulu scouts. The NNC was, in his view, particularly well-adapted to reconnaissance and light infantry roles, as NNC soldiers were generally in better physical condition than British regulars (some of whom were hampered by heatstroke and illness resulting from over-exposure in the South African summer) and were not encumbered with heavy equipment. Instead, the British commander of the invasion force, Lord Chelmsford, frequently assigned NNC troops to menial labouring tasks, believing that their fighting ability was almost non-existent.
Battlefield performance was very uneven. At the Battle of Isandhlwana, units of the NNC fought hard alongside their British allies, and sustained heavy casualties. Many of the NNC were killed in fierce hand to hand fights while trying to retreat across the Buffalo river. At the Battle of Rorke's Drift, the NNC officers, NCO's and soldiers who possessed firearms were deployed along the barricade. The rest of the NNC, stripped of their command, armed only with spears, were posted outside the mealy bag and biscuit box barricade within the stone-walled cattle kraal. They broke and fled as soon as the Zulu force came into sight, some NCOs and Captain Stephenson joining them. A Swiss corporal of the contingent, Christian Ferdinand Schiess, remained and won the Victoria Cross for his gallantry in the ensuing battle.
After Isandlwana and Rorke's Drift, British commanders in South Africa worried about the loyalty of their NNC detachments, and most were sent into Natal as static border-guards. The NNC last saw action at Hlobane, where a number of NNC troops were killed alongside a small British force when ambushed by Zulu troops. After the war, the NNC was disbanded and the troops returned to civilian life.
Natal Native Horse.
While the bulk of the NNC consisted of infantrymen, the Natal Native Horse constituted the NNC's cavalry force. Formed of six troops of approximately fifty men each, the NNH was largely recruited from the amaNgwane, a Natal tribe traditionally hostile to the Zulus, and other tribes, as well as black Christians from the Edendale Mission. The black troopers of the NNH were much better-equipped than their infantry counterparts; NNH troopers were issued with tan-coloured European uniforms, a horse with full equipment, and each trooper was issued with a rifled carbine in addition to traditional African spears. Units of the NNH were led by European officers dressed in conspicuous sky-blue uniforms.
Five troops of the NNH were present at Isandlwana, three of them forming the "Sikhali Horse" squadron, named after their chief. The troopers fought well against the Zulus, and late in the battle were dismissed by Colonel Durnford, who was eager to save as many of his men as possible from the chaotic battle. Due to their being mounted on horseback, NNH soldiers were able to escape quickly from the battlefield, and many black NNH troopers are credited with having stopped to give rides to both native and British soldiers struggling to escape the battlefield on foot, most notably Horace Smith-Dorrien, who was rescued and ridden to safety by an NNH trooper. Around 200 NNH troopers survived Isandlwana, but unlike the NNC infantry, were recommitted to the war; the remainder of the NNH saw action at the Battle of Kambula and at the Battle of Ulundi. After the war, the NNH was retained as a police force in conquered Zululand, and saw action during the Zulu civil wars which began in the early 1880s. The NNH was finally disbanded during the 1899–1902 Second Anglo-Boer War, under a government initiative to disarm all black units in South Africa out of fear that they could side with the Boers.

</doc>
<doc id="5962352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962352" title="Rötha">
Rötha

Rötha is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 16 km south of Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="5962353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962353" title="James Boyden">
James Boyden

Harold James Boyden (19 October 1910–26 September 1993) was a British Labour Party politician.
Boyden was educated at Tiffin Boys' School, Kingston upon Thames, and King's College London. He became a barrister, called to the bar by Lincoln's Inn in 1947 and became Director of Extramural studies at Durham University from 1947 to 1959, serving as chair of the National Institute for Adult Education from 1957 to 1960. Boyden was a councillor on Durham County Council from 1952 to 1960 and a member of the executive of the Fabian Society.
Boyden was Member of Parliament for Bishop Auckland from 1959 to 1979, preceding Derek Foster. Boyden was a junior minister for Education and Science from 1964 to 1965, Parliamentary Secretary for Public Building and Works from 1965 to 1967, and junior minister for Defence from 1967 to 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="5962361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962361" title="Providence/Stoughton Line">
Providence/Stoughton Line

The Providence/Stoughton Line is a line of the MBTA Commuter Rail system running southwest from Boston, Massachusetts, USA. The main line was originally built by the Boston and Providence Rail Road, and now carries service between Boston and Wickford Junction in North Kingstown, Rhode Island. The Stoughton Branch, built as the Stoughton Branch Railroad, splits at Canton Junction and runs for two more stations to Stoughton, Massachusetts. An extension of the Providence section of the line to T. F. Green Airport and Wickford Junction opened in stages in 2010 and 2012, while an extension of the Stoughton Branch to New Bedford and Fall River is under construction.
History.
On December 31, 1968 the recently formed Penn Central bought the failing New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. The MBTA bought the section of the Providence-Boston line in Massachusetts, as well as many other lines including the Stoughton Branch, from Penn Central on January 27, 1973. On April 1, 1976 Conrail took over Penn Central and the commuter rail equipment was sold to the MBTA, though operation continued to be done by Conrail. Full subsidies by the MBTA for the Providence and Stoughton lines began on September 28, 1976, before which the Federal government helped. On March 31, 1977 the Greater Attleboro Taunton Regional Transit Authority and Rhode Island Department of Transportation began to subsidize service beyond the MBTA district, and Stoughton began to pay to keep its station open, that cost later going to the Brockton Area Transit Authority.
On November 3, 1979, the line was closed north of Readville for long-term reconstruction as part of the Southwest Corridor project. All trains began using what is now the Fairmount Line, and special shuttle trains connected South Station to Back Bay. The new line, rebuilt below grade with space for three tracks (the old one had been above grade with room for four tracks), opened on October 5, 1987. The Orange Line shares the corridor between Back Bay and Forest Hills.
On February 20, 1981, the MBTA stopped serving Rhode Island, as funding from the state had ended. Rush-hour service was restored on February 1, 1988. On 20 June 1990, a new stop opened in South Attleboro and most trains were extended to the station; regular Sunday service returned in 1992. Some off-peak weekday trains were extended to Providence starting on December 11, 2000. Weekend service to Providence resumed on July 29, 2006, and service to T.F. Green Airport started on December 6, 2010. Service was extended to Wickford Junction on April 23, 2012.
Ownership and financing.
The MBTA owns the track from Boston to the Rhode Island border. Track in Rhode Island is owned by Amtrak. The entire line is part of the Northeast Corridor.
As part of the 1988 Pilgrim Partnership Agreement, Rhode Island provides capital funding (including some of its federal formula funds) for MBTA expansion in the state. Massachusetts (through the MBTA) provides the operating subsidy for MBTA Commuter Rail service in return. Rhode Island also pays Amtrak to allow the MBTA to use its tracks.
Extensions.
As part of the South County Commuter Rail initiative, a 20-mile extension past Providence to T. F. Green Airport and Wickford Junction in Rhode Island is now fully open. The T. F. Green Airport part of the extension opened in December 2010, with Wickford Junction service beginning in April 2012.
A further 24-mile extension is under consideration by the Rhode Island Department of Transportation. Possible stops include Cranston and East Greenwich, and existing Amtrak stations in Kingston, Westerly as well as a possible revival of the Pawtucket/Central Falls Railroad Station. Rhode Island eventually plans to have its own statewide commuter service along the Northeast Corridor that would connect with MBTA service and an extension of Shore Line East. This would be the first commuter service to Westerly since the last state-sponsored train was run in December 1979. A passing siding (currently under construction) and new platforms (planned) at Kingston may enable extension of some trains there in the near term.
The Stoughton branch is currently being extended to Taunton, Fall River, and New Bedford under a project called South Coast Rail. Track has been bought from CSX, but construction has not yet begun on stations.
Accessibility.
All stations but Sharon are handicapped accessible with short or full-length high level platforms. Newer stations like T.F. Green Airport, and Amtrak stations like Providence, usually have full-length high level platforms; older stations have mostly been retrofitted with high-level platforms one car length long. See also MBTA accessibility.
Accidents and incidents.
In 1990, a northbound commuter train was involved in a collision with a northbound "Night Owl" train. The accident, which occurred to the west of the Back Bay station injured over four hundred people, although there were no fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="5962365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962365" title="Thomas H. Armstrong">
Thomas H. Armstrong

Thomas Henry Armstrong (February 6, 1829 – December 29, 1891) was a Minnesota banker, lawyer, legislator, and the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. Born in Milan, Ohio, moved to Minnesota, and became Lieutenant Governor under Governor William Rainey Marshall from January 8, 1866 to January 7, 1870. Armstrong served in the Minnesota Constitutional Convention and in both houses of the Minnesota State Legislature. He married Elizabeth M. Burgess Butman in 1868, retired, and died in 1891 in Albert Lea, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="5962372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962372" title="Missionary Man (Eurythmics song)">
Missionary Man (Eurythmics song)

"Missionary Man" is a song by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was taken from their sixth album, "Revenge", and continued the band's rock/R&B musical style of the time and featured Jimmy Zavala on harmonica.
In the band's native UK, it was the fourth single to be taken from the album and peaked at number 31. It was more successful in the United States, where it was the first single to be taken from the album and peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 (becoming their last main US Top 20 hit to date). It also made the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot Dance/Club Play chart, and it received extensive airplay on American rock radio, reaching number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks, Eurythmics' only song to top this chart. The single was also a top ten hit in Australia.
"Missionary Man" earned Eurythmics a Grammy Award for "Best Rock Vocal Performance - Group".
Track listings.
UK 7"
UK 12"
US 7"
US 12"

</doc>
<doc id="5962382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962382" title="Ou Chuliang">
Ou Chuliang

Ou Chuliang (; born 26 August 1968 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is an assistant coach and former Chinese international football goalkeeper. As a player he was predominantly remembered for his time at Guangdong Hongyuan, Shanghai Shenhua and Yunnan Hongta while internationally he was a participant of the Chinese football team that took part in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Ou started his football career with Guangdong Hongyuan F.C. during the 1988 football league season. With them Ou would see Guangdong establish themselves as a professional football club in the Chinese league system and also help them come second in the 1993 league season. Guangdong, however were relegated in the 1997 league season and Ou Chuliang was transferred to Shanghai Shenhua at the beginning of the 1998 league season. With Shanghai Ou Chuliang would make an immediate impact by helping them come second within the league as well as aiding them in their Chinese FA Cup win. Yunnan Hongta who were a newly promoted football team wanted to take Ou Chuliang in their attempt to establish themselves within the top tier and Ou would help them do this by quickly establish himself in the team by playing in 26 league games and aiding Yunnan Hongta avoid relegation. Qu would spend several more seasons with Yunnan before being transferred to Chongqing Lifan F.C. in 2004 eventually ending his career with them.
International career.
Ou would make his international debut in a friendly match against Canada on 2 April 1992 in a 5–2 defeat. Despite the defeat, Ou would be given the chance to play in several other friendlies which were enough to be called up to the Chinese squad that took part in the 1992 AFC Asian Cup where he played understudy to Fu Yubin. Ou would rise to prominence when he replaced Fu Yubin as the first choice goalkeeper for China in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup by starting the first game of the tournament against Uzbekistan. After a disappointing 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC), Ou found himself increasingly replaced by Jiang Jin and was replaced as first choice goalkeeper in the 2000 AFC Asian Cup. When China qualified for the FIFA World Cup Jiang Jin remained the first choice goalkeeper throughout the tournament.
Coaching career.
After he retired he would move to the United Kingdom and Germany to study for and achieve a FIFA coaching licence. When he returned in 2005 he was offered an assistant goalkeeping position for the Chinese U-23 football team to help them prepare for the Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Ou would only stay for a short period before he returned to Shanghai Shenhua to become their goalkeeping coach. By 2008 he was offered another assistant position, this time with the Chinese senior team as their new goalkeeping coach.
Honours.
As a player
Shanghai Shenhua

</doc>
<doc id="5962384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962384" title="Big Spender">
Big Spender

"Big Spender" is a song written by Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields for the musical "Sweet Charity", first performed in 1966. It is sung, in the musical, by the dance hostess "girls"; it was choreographed by Bob Fosse for the Broadway musical and the film. It is "set to the beat of a striptease" as the girls "taunt" the customers.
Shirley Bassey version.
A hit version of the song by Shirley Bassey reached #21 in the UK Singles Chart in December 1967. This version is featured in the 2004 film "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers", and in the 2005 film "Nynne". The song has become one of Bassey's signature songs. She has performed the song numerous times, most notably for the 80th birthday of Prince Philip. She also sang it at the 2007 Glastonbury Festival. 
In December 2007 it was re-released in a new remixed version as a digital download. This was the third and final single released from the album "Get the Party Started". The single features a remix from "Pink Pound" and two instrumental remixes that were not included on the album release. Unlike the previous two singles this track featured a remix of a previous released recording, the vocal track was taken from a session recorded in 1984 for the album "I Am What I Am". There was no promotion undertaken for the single and no video was made to support the release.
Track listing.
UK Digital remix single

</doc>
<doc id="5962385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962385" title="Ivy Andrews">
Ivy Andrews

Ivy Paul Andrews (May 6, 1907 – November 24, 1970) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. From through , he played for the New York Yankees (1931–1932, 1937–1938), Boston Red Sox (1932–1933), St. Louis Browns (1934–1936) and Cleveland Indians (1937). Andrew batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Dora, Alabama.
Nicknamed "Poison Ivy", Andrews was bothered by arm ailment much of his career. He spent eight seasons in the American League with the Yankees, Red Sox, Browns and Indians, being used as both a starter and long reliever. His most productive season came in 1935 for the seventh-place Browns, when he had a 13–7 record and a 3.54 ERA (eight in the league). In a second stint for the Yankees, he pitched innings of relief in Game Four of the 1937 World Series.
In 249 appearances (108 as a starter), Andrew posted a 50–59 record with 257 strikeouts and a 4.14 ERA in 1041 innings.
Andrews returned to Alabama in 1945 to become the Birmingham Barons first pitching coach. He managed the team briefly during the 1947 season, and retired from baseball a year later. Andrews died in Birmingham, Alabama, at the age of 63. He was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.
In the latter part of his career, Andrews added a knuckleball and screwball to a pitch repertoire that consisted of a "blazing fastball," a curveball, and a changeup.

</doc>
<doc id="5962386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962386" title="Gunnar Samuelsson">
Gunnar Samuelsson

Gunnar Samuelsson (born May 2, 1927, Lima, Dalarna - November 4, 2007) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. He was born and died in Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="5962389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962389" title="Carnoustie Panmure F.C.">
Carnoustie Panmure F.C.

Carnoustie Panmure FC are a Scottish Junior football club from the town of Carnoustie, Angus. Formed in 1936, they are nicknamed "the Gowfers" due to the town's well-established links to the sport of golf ("gowf" in Scots). They play at Laing Park, to which they moved in 2004, having previously played at Westfield Park.
The club received significant investment in the late 1990s, which has allowed them to emerge as one of the stronger Tayside clubs participating in the East Region. The pinnacle of their achievements was winning the Scottish Junior Cup in 2004.
The club currently plays in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League.
The club has an Academy with players aged 6 - 8yrs, a youth set up with teams from 9's to U19's, two amateur teams using the Carnoustie YM name and four girls teams from Monifieth Ladies. The Club was formed to provide a pathway for players from Youth to Adult football and to improve sports facilities in the town. In 2013 the club had 350 players across 18 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5962392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962392" title="Simon Mahon">
Simon Mahon

Simon Mahon (4 April 1914 – 19 October 1986) was a British Labour Party politician.
Simon Mahon was born into an Irish Roman Catholic family in Bootle that was immersed in Liverpool Labour politics. His father, Alderman Simon Mahon (1886–1961), was a well-known local politician, who also stood unsuccessfully for Parliament. His brother, Peter Mahon, was elected MP for Preston South in 1964. 
Mahon was educated at St. Joseph's Irish Christian Brothers school and at St. James' School, Bootle, Liverpool. He became a general contractor. He was commissioned in the Royal Engineers during World War II and served with the Indian Army in the Far East. 
In 1941 he married Veronica Robertshaw. There were no children.
Mahon was a councillor and later an alderman of Bootle Borough Council and was chairman of the housing committee and Mayor of Bootle from 1962 to 1963. He was chairman of Bootle Trades Council and Labour Party.
Mahon was Member of Parliament for Bootle from 1955 to 1979. He served as an opposition whip from 1959 to 1961. 
In 1968, Mahon and his brother, Peter, together with Catholic Labour MP Walter Alldritt, threatened to resign the Whip. They had taken exception to remarks made by Douglas Houghton, Chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party, that large families were a form of "social irresponsibility." Only a midnight meeting with Prime Minister Harold Wilson and a written statement that Houghton's views were not party policy dissuaded the MPs from carrying out their threat.
In 1969 Mahon was created a Papal Knight. On returning from his investiture Mass to the House of Commons, he was prevented from entering the Chamber by the Sergeant at Arms until he divested himself of his ceremonial sword.
In 1978 Mahon wrote a letter of protest to Ladbrokes, complaining of their "appalling taste" in opening a book on the successor to Pope Paul VI.
After his retirement, Simon Mahon moved to live in Crosby, where he died in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5962399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962399" title="Rothenfels">
Rothenfels

Rothenfels is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Marktheidenfeld. It is said to be Bavaria’s smallest town.
Geography.
Location.
Rothenfels lies on the Main’s right bank between Lohr and Marktheidenfeld, 5 km north of Marktheidenfeld, and 33 km east of Aschaffenburg. Squeezed as it is between the river and a bluff, the town consists of little more than a main street. Since 2006, the "Maindamm" has been used as a town bypass.
Above the town is found Rothenfels Castle ("Burg Rothenfels"), abutting which is the outlying centre ("Stadtteil") of Bergrothenfels
History.
The settlement, which arose under Rothenfels Castle’s protection about 1148, had its first documentary mention as a town in a document from Prince-Bishop of Mainz von Wolfskehl. During German Mediatisation in 1803, the now Würzburg-ruled Rothenfels passed to the princely house of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg, and then in 1806 to the Principality of Aschaffenburg; in 1813, Rothenfels became Bavarian.
The outlying centre of Bergrothenfels was separated from Rothenfels in the 19th century, only to be reamalgamated in 1971.
Politics.
Since 1996 Rosemarie Richartz has been the mayor of Rothenfels.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Or in base water argent, issuant therefrom three crags gules, in chief the letter R of the same.
The town’s oldest known seal, carved in the late 16th century and known from a 1619 imprint, only showed the uppercase R. The same image is shown in a roll of arms from 1544, wherein the R is shown in red on a silver field. Shown on town and council seals from 1710 is a castle on crags, which are surmounted by the uppercase R (that is, the R is on the crags, not over them), possibly canting for the town’s name, which means “Stronghold in Red Bunter”. Since the early 19th century, all examples of the town’s seal show the current composition. The arms were affirmed in 1836.
Sightseeing.
In the town stand a few timber-frame houses, with statues, that are worth seeing.
On the crags above the town looms Rothenfels Castle ("Burg Rothenfels"). Well known as a popular outing destination between Würzburg and Aschaffenburg, Rothenfels Castle has made a name for itself above all, from the tradition of the Catholic youth movement “Quickborn” (a Low Saxon placename in Schleswig-Holstein, not the English words “quick born”), as a Christian education and conference centre in free sponsorship. The castle is also a German Youth Hostel Association (DJH) youth hostel.

</doc>
<doc id="5962402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962402" title="List of special schools in Hong Kong">
List of special schools in Hong Kong

List of special schools in Hong Kong

</doc>
<doc id="5962406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962406" title="Love Their Country">
Love Their Country

Love Their Country is the fifth studio album, and sixth overall by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes. It was released on October 17, 2006 by Fat Wreck Chords. The album consists of cover versions of country and western songs.
Prior to its release, a Fat Wreck Chords press release had stated that the album would range from "the Dixie Chicks to Garth Hank [Williams Sr. to Cash." A cover of the "" was featured on iFloyd, a sampler released by Fat Wreck Chords.
Like their previous four albums, The Gimmes interpolate punk rock classics in their covers. Willie Nelson's "On the Road Again" uses the intro riff of "Astro Zombies" by The Misfits; "Sunday Morning Coming Down" adapts its arrangement from The Clash's rendition of "Police and Thieves," while "East Bound And Down" includes some of The Damned's "Love Song."

</doc>
<doc id="5962413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962413" title="George Leake (merchant)">
George Leake (merchant)

George Leake (1786-1849) was a wealthy landholder in the early days of the Swan River Colony. Backed with considerable assets, Leake supported many of the early settlers of the colony who were struggling financially. 
Biography.
Early life.
George Leake was born in 1786 in London, England. His father was Luke Leake, and his mother, Ann Heading(1758–1836). He arrived at Fremantle, Western Australia in the "Calista" in August 1829 and quickly established himself as a merchant.
Career.
He was instrumental in the establishment of the first Bank of Western Australia which was established in June 1837, becoming its first chairman of directors. In 1839, he was one of four unofficial nominees of the Western Australian Legislative Council, retaining his seat until his death. He was appointed magistrate in 1839 and mas made chairman of the Perth Town Trust (later to become Perth City Council). 
Personal life.
He married Anne Growse, who died in 1815 leaving him with one daughter, Ann Elizabeth.
His nephew, George Walpole Leake, was a prominent Western Australian barrister and magistrate and great-uncle of George Leake, Premier of Western Australia from 1901 to 1902.
Death.
He died in 1849 in Perth, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5962414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962414" title="Charlie Day">
Charlie Day

Charles Peckham "Charlie" Day (born February 9, 1976) is an American actor, musician, television producer and screenwriter best known for playing Charlie Kelly on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", as well as for his roles in the films "Horrible Bosses" (2011), "Pacific Rim" (2013), and "The Lego Movie" (2014).
Early life.
Day was born in New York City, New York. His mother, Mary (née Peckham), was a piano teacher at The Pennfield School in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. His father, Dr. Thomas Charles Day, is retired and was a professor of Music History and Music Theory at Salve Regina University in Newport, Rhode Island. His father is of Italian and Irish descent, and his mother has English, with remote Irish and Welsh, ancestry. Day spent most of his childhood in Middletown, Rhode Island. 
He attended Pennfield School and graduated from Portsmouth Abbey School, both in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. He received a bachelor's degree from Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts. During his college years he was active in the summer training programs at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Williamstown, Massachusetts.
Career.
Besides playing Charlie Kelly on the hit FX television series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", he is also the show's executive producer and one of its writers. He has also appeared on several other television shows such as "Third Watch", "Law & Order", and "Reno 911!".
He appeared in New Line Cinema's "Horrible Bosses" in July 2011, opposite Jason Bateman, Jason Sudeikis, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, and Jamie Foxx. He also had a role in the 2010 film "Going the Distance", alongside Justin Long, Jason Sudeikis, and Drew Barrymore. In 2013, he voiced a character named Art in the Pixar animated film "Monsters University" and appeared in Guillermo del Toro's film "Pacific Rim".
Day has also been a producer for the television shows "How to Be a Gentleman" and "Unsupervised".
Day hosted the November 5, 2011 episode of "Saturday Night Live" (SNL) with Maroon 5 as the musical guest. He was the second cast member from "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" to host "SNL" (after Danny DeVito, though DeVito hosted "SNL" before "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" premiered). DeVito made a special appearance during Day's opening monologue.
Personal life.
Day has been married to actress Mary Elizabeth Ellis since March 4, 2006. Day and Ellis met in 2001 and were dating in 2004 when they appeared together on "Reno 911" playing incestuous siblings. Ellis has a recurring role on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" as "The Waitress," a coffee shop employee and an object of obsession for Day's character. The couple had their first child, a son named Russell Wallace Day, on December 15, 2011.
Day has written and improvised some of the music featured in "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".

</doc>
<doc id="5962415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962415" title="Jackson Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Jackson Township, Wood County, Ohio

Jackson Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 792 people in the township, 489 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the southwestern corner of the county and possessing Wood County's share of a "four corners" boundary, it borders the following townships:
The village of Hoytville is located in southeastern Jackson Township.
Name and history.
It is one of thirty-seven Jackson Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Jackson Township House is located in Hoytville, at the corner of State Routes 18/235 and Railroad St.

</doc>
<doc id="5962425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962425" title="Per-Erik Larsson">
Per-Erik Larsson

Per-Erik Larsson (May 3, 1929 – May 31, 2008) was a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
Larsson also won two 4 x 10 km relay medals at the Nordic skiing World Championships with a gold in 1958 and a bronze in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5962434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962434" title="No Room for Humans">
No Room for Humans

No Room for Humans is Servotron's debut album. It contains 14 tracks about robot domination and human extinction. Their lyrics discuss various topics ranging from abolishing the three laws of robotics to criticizing one of their own (Gammatron) for acting too human.

</doc>
<doc id="5962441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962441" title="De Nadie">
De Nadie

De Nadie (English title: No One) is a documentary by Mexican filmmaker Tin Dirdamal on the impoverished Central Americans who leave their countries in hope of a better life in the United States. It premiered in 2005 and was shown at different international film festivals, winning the Sundance Film Festival audience award for World Documentary in 2006.
The film follows a number of refugees who have to cross Mexico, about 4,000 kilometers, before reaching the US border. On their way through Mexico they put their remaining money, dignity, health and life on the line.
The soundtrack was written by Mexican composer Alfonso M.

</doc>
<doc id="5962449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962449" title="Hill of Beath Hawthorn F.C.">
Hill of Beath Hawthorn F.C.

Hill of Beath Hawthorn F.C. are a Scottish junior football club from Hill of Beath, near Cowdenbeath, Fife. Formed in 1975, they play their home games at the 2,000-capacity Keir's Park. Their colours are red with white flashes. They currently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League.
It is not unknown for Hill of Beath Hawthorn to get bigger crowds at some of their matches than those at Scottish Football League club and near neighbours Cowdenbeath. Their greatest honour came in 1990 when they defeated Lesmahagow in the final of the Scottish Junior Cup. 
The club have been managed by Jock Finlayson since their formation in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5962452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962452" title="Rottenburg an der Laaber">
Rottenburg an der Laaber

Rottenburg an der Laaber is a town in the district of Landshut, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Große Laber, 21 km northwest of Landshut.

</doc>
<doc id="5962454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962454" title="Zij-i Sultani">
Zij-i Sultani

Zīj-i Sultānī () is a Zij astronomical table and star catalogue that was published by Ulugh Beg in 1437. It was the joint product of the work of a group of Muslim astronomers working under the patronage of Ulugh Beg at Samarkand's Ulugh Beg Observatory. These astronomers included Jamshīd al-Kāshī and Ali Qushji, among others.
The "Zij-i-Sultani" is generally considered the most accurate and extensive star catalogue up to its time, surpassing its predecessors, including Ptolemy's work, Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi's "Book of Fixed Stars", and the Maragheh observatory's "Zij-i Ilkhani". It was not surpassed until the work of Taqi al-Din and Tycho Brahe in the 16th century.
The serious errors which Beg found in previous Zij star catalogues (many of the earlier ones were simply updates on Ptolemy's work, adding the effect of precession to the longitudes) induced him to redetermine the positions of 992 fixed stars, to which he added 27 stars from al-Sufi's "Book of Fixed Stars" (964), which were too far south for observation from Samarkand. This catalogue, one of the most original of the Middle Ages, was edited by Thomas Hyde at Oxford in 1665 under the title "Tabulae longitudinis et latitudinis stellarum fixarum ex observatione Ulugbeighi", by G. Sharpe in 1767, and in 1843 by Francis Baily in vol. xiii. of the "Memoirs of the Royal Astronomical Society".
In 1437, Ulugh Beg determined the length of the sidereal year as 365.2570370...d = 365d 6h 10m 8s (an error +58s). In his measurements over many years he used a 50 m high gnomon. This value was improved by 28s, 88 years later in 1525 by Nicolaus Copernicus (1473-1543), who appealed to the estimation of Thabit ibn Qurra (826-901), which was accurate to +2s. However, Ulugh Beg later measured another more precise value as 365d 5h 49m 15s, which has an error of +25s, making it more accurate than Copernicus' estimate which had an error of +30s. Ulugh Beg also determined the Earth's axial tilt as 23.52 degrees, which remains the most accurate measurement to date. It was more accurate than later measurements by Copernicus and Tycho Brahe, and matches the currently accepted value precisely.

</doc>
<doc id="5962466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962466" title="Bucium">
Bucium

The bucium (, also called "trâmbiţă" or "tulnic") is a type of alphorn used by mountain dwellers in Romania. Of Dacian origin, it was used in the principalities of Moldavia and Wallachia as signaling devices in military conflicts. The word is derived from Latin "bucinum", originally meaning "curved horn", an instrument used by the Romans. The word is a cognate with English "bugle".
The tube is made from limetree bark, wood, or even (partially) from metal. It is mostly used by shepherds for signaling and communication in the forested mountains, as well as for guiding sheep and dogs. "Trâmbiţa" produces sounds altogether different from those of the alphorn.
Under the name "trembita" it is also used by the Ukrainian Hutsuls.

</doc>
<doc id="5962469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962469" title="Thorn in My Side">
Thorn in My Side

"Thorn in My Side" is a 1986 song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was released as the second single from the duo's "Revenge" album. Written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, the song is a cast-off to an unfaithful lover. "Thorn in My Side" was produced by Stewart.
Background.
Although the first single from "Revenge", "When Tomorrow Comes," had barely reached the UK Top 30, "Thorn in My Side" became Eurythmics' ninth Top 10 single, reaching number five in the British charts. To date, it is their last appearance in the UK Top 10. In the United States, the track stalled at number 68 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The extended 12" mix of the song is notable in that it is radically different from the album version in arrangement and has much more of an electronic feel, this version's dominant feature being electronic drums featuring a totally different rhythm than is used on the album version. The arrangement of the remixed version is also much sparser and darker, based mainly around the drum beat, a staccato arpeggiated electronic bass line, a piano line which follows the melody, a synthesizer playing a basic chordal arrangement in the chorus and Lennox's vocals. The extended mix does not feature the guitars, brass and strings heard in the album version and adds a minor chord progression arrangement under the chorus section.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Chris Ashbrook and Dave Stewart, depicts the band adorned in their black and leather "Revenge" stage costumes, playing in a studio set bar filled with an audience that includes a gang of Hells Angels. Clem Burke, drummer from the band Blondie, appears in the video as he was recording and touring with Eurythmics that year.
Official Versions.
1. LP Version - 4:15 2. Extended Version - 7:00
US 7" B-side: In This Town (LP Version) 3:48

</doc>
<doc id="5962470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962470" title="Age of consent reform">
Age of consent reform

Age of consent reform is efforts to change age of consent laws. Proposed reforms typically include raising, lowering, or abolishing the age of consent, applying (or not applying) close-in-age exemptions, changing penalties, or changing how cases are examined in court. A related issue is whether or not to apply ages of consent to homosexual relationships that are different from those applied to heterosexual relationships. Organized efforts have ranged from academic discussions to political petitions.
Close-in-age exemptions.
In the United States, many states have adopted close-in-age exemptions. These laws, known as "Romeo and Juliet laws" provide that a person can legally have consensual sex with a minor provided that he or she is not more than a given number of years older, generally four years, but sometimes some other number of years (such as three years in Connecticut). Some Romeo and Juliet laws (such as the law in Michigan and Florida) do not make it legal for a person below the age of consent to have sex with a slightly older person, but will merely exempt the older partner from sex offender registration.
Romeo and Juliet laws were passed in 2007 in Connecticut and Indiana. In Indiana, a change in the law decriminalizes consensual sex between adolescents if they are found by a court to be in a "dating relationship" with an age difference of four years or less and other states have adopted other reforms. Michigan passed a Romeo and Juliet Law in 2011.
These reforms are not uncontroversial. In Texas, Governor Rick Perry vetoed Romeo and Juliet laws that had been passed by the legislature, but signed one in 2011 to go into effect in September of that year. A 2011 Romeo and Juliet bill failed to pass in the Illinois legislature. In the State v. Limon case, Kansas's Romeo and Juliet law was found to be unconstitutional because it excluded same-sex sexual conduct.
Some countries other than the United States also have Romeo and Juliet laws. Ireland's 2006 law has been contested because it treats girls differently from boys.
Initiatives to change the age of consent.
There have been many initiatives to raise the age of consent. Gratian, a canon lawyer, stated that consent could not take place before 7 years of age. The English government eventually decided on age of 12 for women as their limitation. Feminists in the nineteenth century began to focus on raising it to at least 16, but ultimately wanting to raise it to 18. At that time the age was about 12 in most countries. Today it is usually set between 15 and 18.
United Kingdom.
Originally the age of consent in England was set at 12. However, in 1875 the Offense Against the Persons Act raised it to 13 in Great Britain and Ireland. The Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1885 raised it to 16. In 1917 a bill raising the age of consent in Great Britain and Ireland from 16 to 17 was defeated by only one vote. In Northern Ireland in 1950 the legislature of Northern Ireland passed a law called Children and Young Persons Act in 1950 that raised the age of consent from 16 to 17. The male homosexual age of consent in the United Kingdom was set at 21 in the Sexual Offences Act of 1967, lowered to 18 in the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, and then finally lowered equally to 16 in England and Scotland in the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act of 2000.
According to sociologist Matthew Waites, in the 1970s, a number of grass-roots political actions took place in Britain in favor of lowering the age of consent, which he described as based on claims of children's rights, gay liberation, or as a way to avoid unwanted pregnancies or sexually transmitted diseases.
In May 1974, the Campaign for Homosexual Equality suggested a basic age of consent of 16, but 12 "in cases where a defendant could prove the existence of meaningful consent". In September 1974, the "Sexual Law Reform Society" proposed lowering the age of consent to 14, with the requirement that below the age of 18 the burden of proof that consent for sexual activities between the parties existed would be the responsibility of the older participant.
In 1976, the British political pressure group Liberty published a proposal advocating reducing the age of consent laws to 10 years of age, only when both individuals are younger than 14, with a close-in-age exemption of two years if one of the involved individuals is older than 14 but younger than 16. The report was signed by Harriet Harman, who later went on to become a prominent figure in government and deputy leader of the Labour Party.
The Communist Party of Great Britain (Provisional Central Committee) lists abolition of age-of-consent laws among its immediate demands, with the added provision that there be alternate legal methods to protect children from sexual abuse.
Russia.
Russia in 2002 raised the age of consent from 14 to 16. Since then penalties have also generally increased. Putin said that a party advocating lowering the age of consent cannot be legally registered (hence, be a legal party) in Russia.
India.
In January 2004, a Division bench of the Kerala's High Court in Southern India suggested that the age of consent should be raised from 16 to 18 in that state. Justice R. Basant said he considered "illogic(al)" that a legal system in which an age of 18 is used for other purposes – like the Indian Majority Act, the Contract Act, the Juvenile Justice Act, the Child Marriage Restraint Act and the Representation of People Act – has a different approach in the case of sexual consent. The age of consent in India was raised from 16 to 18 in 2012.
USA.
In the USA in the 1890s, several states had an age of consent as low as 10. In 1895, the age of consent in Delaware was 7, according to an article in "The New York Times". However, social purity activists and other woman-led reform groups began advocating raising the age of consent to 16, wanting to ultimately raise it to 18, and by 1920 almost all states had raised their age of consent to 16 or 18. By 1920, every state except for Georgia and Hawaii (who had age of consent at 14 until 1995 and 2001, respectively) had an age of consent at either 16 or 18.
Alabama.
In Alabama in 2012 State Representative Mac McCutcheon sponsored a bill to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18 in the state legislature. The bill is still being discussed.
Hawaii.
In 2001, the legislature in Hawaii voted to raise the age of consent from 14 to 16.
Georgia.
In June 2005, a bill was proposed before the General Assembly of Georgia (USA) to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18. The bill failed, however. The Georgia age of consent was 14 until 1995, when a bill proposed by state Senator Steve Langford to make 16 the age of consent passed. In 2006, following the infamous case of Genarlow Wilson, aggravated child molestation was reduced to a misdemeanor with a maximum of one year in prison (previously aggravated child molestation carried 10–20 years imprisonment regardless of the age difference between the victim and offender) if the offender was under 19, the victim was either 14 or 15 years old, and the offender is no more than 48 months older than the victim. (Georgia penal code, 16-6-4)
Kentucky.
In 2007 in Kentucky Representative JR Gray sponsored legislation in the state legislature that passed making it a felony for a teacher to have sex with a student under the age of 18. He also discussed the possibility of raising the age of consent from 16 to 18 but a bill was not produced for that.
Missouri.
In 2008 a bill was proposed in the Missouri legislature to raise the age of consent from 17 to 18. It was sponsored by Representative Stanley Cox.
South Carolina.
In South Carolina in 2007 a bill was proposed before the legislature to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18. It did not succeed.
Wisconsin.
Prior to 1981 Wisconsin had an exception to the law that allowed adults who were guilty of sex with minors 15 or older to use as a defense that the victim understood the nature of the sexual act, but there was a rebuttable presumption in Wisconsin that minors under the age of 18 were not capable of informed consent to sex, but as stated, this could be argued against by the defendant in the court of law if the minor was 15 years of age or older. In 1981 the age of consent was lowered from 18 to 16 in Wisconsin, but at the same time it was made an automatic felony to have sex with anyone under 16, informed consent for a 15 year old was no longer a defense an adult defendant could use in court. In 1983 the age of consent in Wisconsin was raised from 16 to 18, under the new law sex with a minor 16 or older carried the lesser penalty of a class a misdemeanor. A marital exception was included in the law for an adult who was married to a minor 16 or older, but no close in age exception was.
Canada.
In June 2006, the Canadian government proposed a bill to raise the age of consent from 14 to 16 (in 1890 it was raised from 12 to 14), while creating a near-age exemption for sex between 14–15 year olds and partners up to 5 years older, and keeping an existing near-age clause for sex between 12–13 year olds and partners up to 2 years older. The initiative also maintains a temporary exception for already existing marriages of minors 14 and 15 years old to adults, but forbids new marriages like these in the future. The law took effect 1 May 2008.
Netherlands.
Between 1990 and 2002 the Netherlands operated what was in effect an age of consent of 12, subject to qualifications. The relevant law, passed in November, 1990, permitted sexual intercourse for young people between 12 and 16, but allowed a challenge by parents based on erosion of parental authority or child exploitation, which would be heard by a Council for the Protection of Children .
In 1979, the now-defunct Dutch Pacifist Socialist Party supported an unsuccessful petition to lower the age of consent to 12.
Peru.
The age of consent in Peru was increased from 14 to 18 in 2006 as elections approached, but in 2007, Peru's new Congress voted to return the age to 14 regardless of gender and/or sexual orientation. However, after strong public opposition, the law was raised back to 18 on June 27, 2007, by a vote of 74 to zero (22 abstentions). It was returned to 14 in January 2013.
France.
In 1977 while a reform in the French penal code was under discussion in the parliament, a petition to decriminalize all consented relations between adults and minors below the age of fifteen was sent to Parliament but did not succeed in changing the law. In 1978 the petition was discussed in a broadcast by radio France Culture in the program "Dialogues", with the transcript later published under the title Sexual Morality and the Law in a book by Michel Foucault. The participants, including Foucault, play-writer/actor Jean Danet and novelist/gay activist Guy Hocquenghem had all signed the petition.
Pedophile advocacy.
Some pedophiles have called to abolish the age of consent to allow adults to have sex freely with children, arguing they can consent. Groups advocating pedophilia and the abolishment of age of consent laws include NAMBLA and the now disbanded Paedophile Information Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="5962472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962472" title="Imad Khalili">
Imad Khalili

Imad Khalili (born 3 April 1987) is a Palestinian footballer who plays for Chinese Super League club Shanghai Dongya as a forward. In 2013, Khalili was the top scorer in the Allsvenskan. Shortly after, he accepted an offer to play internationally for Palestine.
Honours.
Al-Shabab
Individual.
Helsingborgs IF 

</doc>
<doc id="5962478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962478" title="Toimi Alatalo">
Toimi Alatalo

Toimi Alatalo (April 4, 1929 – May 4, 2014) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. He won a gold medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley in the 4 x 10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5962479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962479" title="Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders">
Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders

The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) is the trade association for the United Kingdom motor industry. Its role is to "promote the interests of the UK automotive industry at home and abroad".
History.
SMMT was founded by Frederick Richard Simms on 16 July 1902. In January 1959 it moved to Forbes House, and in August 2011 it moved into its current offices at 71 Great Peter Street, London.
Motor Show.
One of its early functions was holding motor shows, the earliest of which was at Crystal Palace in January 1903 (now known as the British International Motor Show). The Motor Industry Research Association (MIRA) was formed in 1945. In 1978, the Motor Show moved to the National Exhibition Centre. In 2006, the Motor Show returned to London at ExCel in 2006.
Vehicle registrations.
In July 1972 it started the Motor Vehicle Registration Information System (MVRIS), which works on behalf of the government to collate data about new registrations of vehicles.
Consumer protection.
The Motor Industry Code of Practice for New Cars was launched in 2004, which provides trading standards for consumers, via automotive traders who are registered with the Motor Codes code of practice. The UK car industry has had a reputation of a minority of garages and repair companies giving consumers a less-than-satisfactory level of performance, with (generally) female consumers being cynically targeted for excessive costs for maintaining their cars. Call-out charges for repairs and roadside breakdowns have been known to be uncompetitively high. The Motor Industry Code of Practice for Service and Repair was launched in August 2008 to correct any "cowboy" practices of financial manipulation. More than 4,000 garages across the UK now are registered with this scheme. It was claimed by the National Consumer Council that substandard repair work by UK garages was costing consumers around £4 billion a year.
Activities.
The organisation "promotes the interests of the UK automotive industry at home and abroad" for a sector that produced 1.39 million vehicles - including cars and commercial vehicles - and 2.39 million engines in the UK (2010) and employs a UK workforce of more than 700,000. The organisation advocates and lobbies on behalf of the sector, in particular for vehicle and component manufacturers, and the motor retail sector.
It settles any disputes on cars in the UK that are still under warranty. It monitors combined sales of cars in the UK.
Each year in May, it holds the SMMT Test Day for invited motoring journalists at General Motors' Millbrook Proving Ground at Millbrook, Bedfordshire.
Structure.
Aside from the Secretariat, who run the organisation on a daily basis with around 80 staff in 13 departments, and the Executive, there are many working groups and technical committees for trade sectors, and for research and marketing topics in the car industry. The future of the British automotive industry is facing many technical challenges with strict EU emission legislation, and the introduction of electric and fuel cell vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="5962481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962481" title="Fundus (uterus)">
Fundus (uterus)

The fundus of the uterus is the top portion, opposite from the cervix. 
Fundal height, measured from the top of the pubic bone, is routinely measured in pregnancy to determine growth rates. If the measurement is smaller or larger than what would be expected for gestational age, it can be a crude indicator of an abnormality (for example, a breech or sideways presentation, twins, or a placental issue), requiring further tests such as ultrasound to determine the exact nature of the problem, if any.

</doc>
<doc id="5962482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962482" title="Peter Cargill">
Peter Cargill

Peter Cargill (2 March 1964 – 15 April 2005) was a Jamaican international football player. His position was midfielder or defender.
Nicknamed "Jair", he played for local sides Swallowfield FC, CC Lions, Port Morant United and Harbour View F.C. and also spent 8 years in Israel with Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Petah Tikva. The versatile player returned to Jamaica in 1996 and was called up to the Jamaica team.
He captained the Reggae Boyz and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France. He collected a total of 84 caps. After retiring as a player, he became Reggae Boyz' assistant head coach until 2004. Then he coached Jamaican Premier League outfit Waterhouse F.C..
Like his World Cup team-mate Stephen Malcolm and Jamaican legend Winston Anglin, Cargill was killed in a road accident. He died of severe injuries in Saint Ann Parish while on his way to a football match against Wadadah F.C. in Montego Bay when the minivan he was travelling in overturned and struck a boulder head-on.

</doc>
<doc id="5962484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962484" title="La Garnache">
La Garnache

La Garnache is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.

</doc>
<doc id="5962487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962487" title="1852 in poetry">
1852 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="5962488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962488" title="Ulmus minor subsp. sarniensis">
Ulmus minor subsp. sarniensis

"Ulmus minor" subsp. "sarniensis" Stace, known variously as Guernsey Elm, Jersey Elm, Wheatley Elm, or Southampton Elm, once enjoyed much popularity in Britain, where it was widely cultivated for street planting. However the Dutch elm disease pandemic has now destroyed nearly all the mature trees in England save a few in Preston Park, Brighton and Peasholm Park, Scarborough. However, around a hundred mature specimens still survive in Edinburgh, Scotland (2013).
The origin of the tree remains obscure. R. H. Richens believed the tree "a mutant of a French population of Field elm", noting that "elms of similar leaf-form occur in Cotentin and in northern Brittany. They vary much in habit but some have a tendency to pyramidal growth. Whether the distinctive habit first developed on the mainland or in Guernsey is uncertain." 
Description.
The appeal of the tree lies chiefly in its compact, columnar form, not dissimilar to the Lombardy Poplar. Rarely exceeding a height of 27 m, the tree has long stiff ascending branches forming a narrow pyramidal crown. Older specimens broaden round the 'waist', giving trees with a tapering crown a Chianti-flask shape. Like Cornish elm, a narrow-crowned elm from the same area, Guernsey elm is one of the last British trees to come into leaf, and it retains its dark, lustrous foliage into early winter. In favourable conditions it turns a rich golden-yellow in late November or early December. The small leaves and samarae are similar to those of the Field Elm group in general and of the Cornish elm in particular. Like others of the group, the tree suckers very freely. The tree often develops highly distinctive cancerous burrs on its branches or trunk.
Pests and diseases.
The Guernsey Elm is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation.
The Guernsey Elm, reported in 1815 to be "confined to Guernsey", was in English nurserymen's catalogues by the 1830s. With its light, upcurving branches it never became a danger, unlike English elm, which sometimes shed heavy lateral boughs. This fact, and its compact form, made it ideal for street planting. It was introduced to Osborne House on the Isle of Wight by Albert the Prince Consort, where it survives today as suckers along the lane leading to Barton Manor Farm. Guernsey Elm was also planted in large numbers across Amsterdam, but eventually replaced by the similarly fastigiate but much more disease-resistant clone, 'Columella' [http://www.amsterdambomen.nl].
Notable trees.
Among the largest surviving specimens of Guernsey Elm in the UK are two in Warriston Cemetery, Edinburgh (2013), bole-girth 3 m, and the one in Preston Park, Brighton. The latter is 34 m tall with a trunk 115 cm d.b.h. (diameter at breast height) in 2006, part of a line of trees averaging 30 m in height planted circa 1880. The tallest on record in the UK stands on Paradise Drive, Eastbourne and had a height of 36m in 2007.
Etymology.
The tree is named for the Channel Island (Sarnia is the Ancient Roman name for Guernsey), whence it may have originated. A similar tree is found along the Brittany coast, referred to in several 18th and 19th century French treatises as 'l'Orme male' owing to its phallic resemblance and it is still sometimes referred to as the Male Elm in Guernsey, although no mature trees survive there either. The synonym Wheatley Elm was derived from a tree planted at Wheatley Park, Doncaster, whither it was introduced and propagated by Sir William Cooke in the early 19th century. The tree was also raised in great numbers at the Rogers nursery in Southampton in the late 1800s, which probably explains the synonym Southampton Elm. Although the tree is also known as the Jersey Elm, its introduction from Guernsey has been clearly chronicled.
Cultivars.
'Dicksonii', commonly known as Dickson's Golden Elm, is a yellow-leaved form of the Guernsey Elm raised in Chester in 1900 by Dickson's Nursery, which marketed it as the 'Golden Cornish Elm'. Slower-growing than the type and described as "an attractive tree" with leaves "a fine yellow colour, said to last till autumn", 'Dicksonii' was granted the Award of Garden Merit (AGM) by the Royal Horticultural Society in 1969. Among the rare survivors are two specimens in Peasholm Park, Scarborough, North Yorkshire, re-discovered in 1994 during a National Tree Register audit of the trees in Peasholm Glen. The horticulturalist Christopher Lloyd used Dickson's Golden Elm in his celebrated long herbaceous borders at Great Dixter Gardens, Northiam, East Sussex. This cultivar is still much planted in Australia. It is the only elm in Berridale, New South Wales where there are over 40 small trees. There are also specimens in Colac, Victoria and Albury, New South Wales. It is sold as "Ulmus procera" 'Aurea' by nurseries in Oregon, USA.
Nurseries.
None known.

</doc>
<doc id="5962493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962493" title="Röttingen">
Röttingen

Röttingen is a town in the district of Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 30 km south of Würzburg, and 15 km east of Bad Mergentheim.
Geography.
Climate.
The valley of Tauber is one of the driest areas in Bavaria and belongs to the continental, dry and warm type of climate with very little of rain. There are more than 30 days every year when the temperature is above 25° Celsius (77°F) and less than 10 days every year where the temperature is below 0° Celsius (32°F).
Parts of the town.
Parts of the town are Aufstetten, Röttingen, Strüth.
History.
The Alemanic tribe of the "Ruoter" (Ruotingen = Röttingen) probably settled first on this place in the late 5th century. The oldest documents in the town date back to 1103, and the town privilege was given in 1275.
In 1298 the town was the scene of the Rintfleisch massacres, when a certain "Lord Rintfleisch", accusing the town's Jews of having obtained and desecrated a consecrated host, gathered a mob around him and burned the Jews of Röttingen on April 20, 1298.
Röttingen belonged then to the area of Hohenlohe and later changed to the Hochstift of the Bishop of Würzburg. From 14th century on it was the residence of a local authority of the bishop.
The German Peasants' War in 1525 abruptly stopped economic development. The long reign of Bishop Julius Echter von Mespelbrunn over the town brought back the prosperity of the community mainly based on the production and trade of wine.
During the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648), Röttingen had to go through a lot of turmoil since the army of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden was fighting in the Tauber valley.
The wars of the 16th and 17th century destroyed all economic prosperity of the town and their inhabitants.
When Napoleon came, he brought the Franconian "Kleinstaaterei" to an abrupt end.
In the following years all the clerical property was dissolved and Röttingen joined the Bavarian region of Untermainkreis.
The royal Bavarian administration in 1837 divided Franconia into Upper-, Middle- and Lowerfranconia as it is nowadays.
Demographics.
In 1970, there were 1,988 inhabitants in Röttingen. In 1987, this figure decreased to 1,733, and in 2000 there was a slight increase to 1,789 people. As of December 2006, there are 1,663 people living in the town.
95% of the town is Roman Catholic. Another 3% of the town is Evangelical. Other religions and denominations constitute 2% of the population.
Politics.
Municipal council.
12 seats
election from 2 March 2008:
Mayor.
Martin Umscheid (CSU / Freie Bürger) 75,59%.
Er hat seit 2003 das Direktmandat für den unterfränkischen Bezirkstag und ist dort stellvertretender CSU-Fraktionsvorsitzender.
Röttingen ist Sitz einer Verwaltungsgemeinschaft mit folgenden Mitgliedsgemeinden: Bieberehren, Riedenheim, Röttingen, Tauberrettersheim.
City partnerships.
The city maintains a partnership with:
Economy and infrastructure.
Röttingen is a wine growing community in the Tauber Valley. They grow about 30 ha of Frankonian wine on the "Röttinger Feuerstein": 70% is Müller-Thurgau, 20% Silvaner; 10% is Riesling, Traminer, Kerner, Scheurebe, Bacchus, Schwarzriesling etc. A local speciality is the "Tauberschwarz". This traditional sort of grapes exists only in the area of the Tauber Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5962511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962511" title="Kim Jong-un">
Kim Jong-un

Kim Jong-un (; born 8 January 1983; also romanised as Kim Jong-eun, Kim Jong Un or Kim Jung-eun) is the supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, commonly known as North Korea. He is the son of Kim Jong-il (1941–2011) and the grandson of Kim Il-sung (1912–1994). He has held the titles of the First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea, the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, First Chairman of the National Defence Commission of North Korea, the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army, and presidium member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was officially declared the supreme leader following the state funeral for his father on 28 December 2011. He is the third and youngest son of Kim Jong-il and his consort Ko Young-hee.
From late 2010, Kim Jong-un was viewed as heir apparent to the leadership of the nation, and following his father's death, he was announced as the "Great Successor" by North Korean state television. At Kim Jong-il's memorial service, North Korean Chairman of the Supreme People's Assembly Kim Yong-nam declared that "Respected Comrade Kim Jong-un is our party, military and country's supreme leader who inherits great comrade Kim Jong-il's ideology, leadership, character, virtues, grit and courage". On 30 December 2011, the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea formally appointed Kim as the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army. On 11 April 2012, the 4th Party Conference elected him to the newly created post of First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea.
He was promoted to the rank of marshal of the DPRK in the Korean People's Army on 18 July 2012, consolidating his position as the supreme commander of the armed forces. He obtained two degrees, one in physics at Kim Il-sung University and another as an Army officer at the Kim Il-sung Military University. On 9 March 2014 Kim Jong-un was elected to the Supreme People's Assembly. He was unopposed but voters had the choice of voting yes or no. There was a record turn-out of voters and according to government officials all voted "yes." The election was significant as it was the first time Kim Jong-un had faced an election since inheriting power following the death of his father in 2011. At years of age, he is first North Korean leader born after the country's founding and the world's youngest head of state.
Kim was named the world's 46th most powerful person by Forbes Magazine's List of The World's Most Powerful People in 2013, the third highest among Koreans after Ban Ki-moon and Lee Kun-hee.
Early life and education.
No official comprehensive biography on Kim Jong-un has yet been released. Therefore, the only known information on his early life comes from defectors and people who have claimed to witness him abroad, such as in Switzerland. Some of the information has been conflicting and contradictory since his brother Kim Jong-chul was attending school in Switzerland around the same period. Nevertheless, there has been some consensus on information about his early life. North Korean authorities have stated that his birthdate is 8 January 1982, but South Korean intelligence officials believe the actual date is a year later. Dennis Rodman said that the birthdate is 8 January 1983 after meeting the young leader in early September 2013.
According to reports first published in Japanese newspapers, he went to school in Switzerland near Bern. First reports claimed he attended the private English-language International School in Gümligen near Bern under the name "Chol-pak" or "Pak-chol" from 1993 until 1998. He was described as shy, a good student who got along well with his classmates and was a basketball fan. He was chaperoned by an older student, who was thought to be his bodyguard.
Later, it was reported that Kim Jong-un attended the Liebefeld Steinhölzli school in Köniz near Bern under the name "Pak-un" or "Un-pak" from 1998 until 2000 as the son of an employee of the Embassy of North Korea. Authorities of Köniz confirmed that a student from North Korea, registered as the son of a member of the Embassy, attended the school from August 1998 till fall 2000, but were unable to give details about his identity. Pak-un first attended a special class for foreign-language children and later attended the regular classes of the 6th, 7th, 8th, and part of the final 9th year, leaving the school abruptly in fall 2000. He was described as a well-integrated and ambitious student who liked to play basketball. However, his grades and attendance rating are reported to have been poor. The ambassador of North Korea in Switzerland, Ri Tcheul, had a close relationship with him and acted as a mentor. One of Pak-un's classmates told reporters that he had told him that he was the son of the leader of North Korea. According to some reports, Jong-un was described by classmates as a shy child who was awkward with girls and indifferent to political issues but who distinguished himself in sports, and had a fascination with the American National Basketball Association and Michael Jordan. One friend claimed that he had been shown pictures of Pak-un with Kobe Bryant and Toni Kukoč taken at an unknown location.
In April 2012, new documents came to light indicating that Kim Jong-un had lived in Switzerland since 1991 or 1992, earlier than previously thought.
The Laboratory of Anatomic Anthropology at the University of Lyon, France, after comparing the picture of the boy Pak-un taken at the Liebefeld Steinhölzli school in 1999 with a picture of Kim Jong-un from 2012 came to the conclusion that the two faces show a conformity of 95%. The head of the institute, Raoul Perrot, a forensic anthropologist, considers it most likely that the two pictures show the same person.
It is believed that the student at the Gümligen International School was not Kim Jong-un but his elder brother Kim Jong-chol. It is not known whether the student known as Pak-un in Liebefeld Steinhölzli lived in Switzerland prior to 1998. All the children of Kim Jong-il are said to have lived in Switzerland, as well as the mother of the two youngest sons, who lived in Geneva for some time. The Kim clan is also said to organise family meetings in Switzerland at Lake Geneva and Interlaken.
Most analysts agree that Kim Jong-un attended Kim Il-sung University, a leading officer-training school in Pyongyang, from 2002 to 2007.
For many years, only one confirmed photograph of him was known outside North Korea, apparently taken in the mid-1990s, when he was eleven. Occasional other supposed images of him surfaced but were often disputed. It was only in June 2010, shortly before he was given official posts and publicly introduced to the North Korean people, that more pictures were released of Kim, taken when he was attending school in Switzerland. The first official image of him as an adult was a group photograph released on 30 September 2010, at the end of the party conference that effectively anointed him, in which he is seated in the front row, two places from his father. This was followed by newsreel footage of him attending the conference.
Succession.
Pre-2010 Party Conference speculation.
His eldest half-brother, Kim Jong-nam, had been the favourite to succeed, but reportedly fell out of favour after 2001, when he was caught attempting to enter Japan on a fake passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
Kim Jong-il's former personal chef, Kenji Fujimoto, revealed details regarding Kim Jong-un, with whom he had a good relationship, stating that he was favoured to be his father's successor. Fujimoto also claimed that Jong-un was favored by his father over his elder brother, Kim Jong-chul, reasoning that Jong-chul is too feminine in character, while Jong-un is "exactly like his father". Furthermore, Fujimoto stated that "If power is to be handed over then Jong-un is the best for it. He has superb physical gifts, is a big drinker and never admits defeat." Also, according to Fujimoto, Jong-un smokes Yves Saint Laurent cigarettes, loves Johnnie Walker whisky and has a Mercedes-Benz 600 Sedan. When Jong-un was 18, Fujimoto described an episode where Jong-un questioned his lavish lifestyle and asked, "We are here, playing basketball, riding horses, riding Jet Skis, having fun together. But what of the lives of the average people?" On 15 January 2009 the South Korean news agency, Yonhap, reported that Kim Jong-il had appointed Kim Jong-un to be his successor.
On 8 March 2009, the BBC reported rumors that Kim Jong-un was on the ballot for elections to the Supreme People's Assembly, the rubber stamp parliament of North Korea. Subsequent reports indicate that his name did not appear on the list of lawmakers, but he was later elevated to a mid-level position in the National Defense Commission, which is a branch of the North Korean military. Reports have also suggested that he is a diabetic and suffers from hypertension.
From 2009, it was understood by foreign diplomatic services that Kim was to succeed his father Kim Jong-il as the head of the Korean Workers' Party and de facto leader of North Korea. He has been named "Yŏngmyŏng-han Tongji" (영명한 동지), which loosely translates to "Brilliant Comrade". His father had also asked embassy staff abroad to pledge loyalty to his son. There have also been reports that citizens in North Korea were encouraged to sing a newly composed "song of praise" to Kim Jong-un, in a similar fashion to that of praise songs relating to Kim Jong-il and Kim Il-sung. Later, in June, Kim was reported to have visited China secretly to "present himself" to the Chinese leadership, who later warned against North Korea conducting another nuclear test. The Chinese Foreign Ministry has strongly denied that this visit occurred.
North Korea was later reported to have backed the succession plan, after Kim Jong-il suspended a propaganda campaign to promote his youngest son. His birthday has since become a national holiday, celebrated on 8 January, according to a report by a South Korean website. He was expected to be named on 28 September 2010 as successor to his father as leader of North Korea.
Former U.S. president Jimmy Carter visited China in early September 2010, and discussed the issue of the North Korean leadership succession with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao. According to Carter, Kim Jong-il had said to Wen that Kim Jong-un's prospective promotion to paramount leader of North Korea was "a false rumor from the West".
Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Kim Jong-un was made a daejang, the equivalent of general in the United States, on 27 September 2010, a day ahead of a rare Workers' Party of Korea conference in Pyongyang, the first time North Korean media had mentioned him by name and despite his having no previous military experience. Despite the promotion, no further details, including verifiable portraits of Kim, were released. On 28 September 2010, he was named vice chairman of the Central Military Commission and appointed to the Central Committee of the Workers' Party, in an apparent nod to become the successor to Kim Jong-il.
On 10 October 2010, alongside his father, Kim Jong-un attended the ruling Workers' Party's 65th anniversary celebration. This was seen as fully confirming his position as the next leader of the Workers' Party. Unprecedented international press access was granted to the event, further indicating the importance of Kim Jong-un's presence. In January 2011, the regime began purging around 200 protégés of both Jong-un's uncle-in-law Jang Sung-taek and O Kuk-ryol, the vice chairman of the National Defence Commission of North Korea, by either detention or execution to further prevent either man from rivaling Jong-un. In the following months, Kim Jong-un was given more and more prominence as he accompanied Kim Jong-il during several "guidance tours" and received gifts from foreign delegations and personages, an honour traditionally awarded only to the living supreme leader. He was also listed second only to Kim Jong-il himself in the funeral committee for Jo Myong-rok.
Ruler of North Korea.
On 17 December 2011, Kim Jong-il died. Despite the elder Kim's plans, it was not immediately clear after his death whether Jong-un would in fact take full power, and what his exact role in a new government would be. Some analysts had predicted that when Kim Jong-il died, Jang Sung-taek would act as regent, as Jong-un was too inexperienced to immediately lead the country. On 25 December 2011, North Korean television showed Jang Sung-taek in the uniform of a general in a sign of his growing sway after the death of Kim Jong-il. A Seoul official familiar with North Korea affairs said it was the first time Jang has been shown on state television in a military uniform. His appearance suggested that Jang had secured a key role in the North's powerful military, which pledged its allegiance to Kim Jong-un.
The cult of personality around Kim Jong-un was stepped up following his father's death. He was hailed as the "great successor to the revolutionary cause of Juche", "outstanding leader of the party, army and people" and "respected comrade who is identical to Supreme Commander Kim Jong-il", and was made chairman of the Kim Jong-il funeral committee. The Korean Central News Agency described Kim Jong-un as "a great person born of heaven", a propaganda term only his father and grandfather had enjoyed, while the ruling Workers' Party said in an editorial: "We vow with bleeding tears to call Kim Jong-un our supreme commander, our leader."
He was publicly declared Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army on 24 December 2011 and formally appointed to the position on 30 December when the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party "courteously proclaimed that the dear respected Kim Jong Un, vice-chairman of the Central Military Commission of the WPK, assumed the supreme commandership of the Korean People's Army".
On 26 December 2011, the leading North Korean newspaper "Rodong Sinmun" announced that Kim Jong-un had been acting as chairman of the Central Military Commission, and supreme leader of the country, following his father's demise.
On 9 January 2012, a large rally was held by armed forces in front of Kumsusan Memorial Palace to honor Kim Jong-un and demonstrate loyalty.
On 27 March 2012, Kim was elected to the Fourth Conference of the Workers' Party of Korea, that elected him first secretary, a newly made position, on 11 April. This position replaced the post of general secretary, which was awarded "eternally" to Kim Jong-il. At the conference, Kim Jong-un also took his father's seats as Politburo Presidium member and Chairman of the Central Military Commission. In a speech made prior to the Conference, Kim Jong-un declared that "Imbuing the whole society with Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism is the highest programme of our Party". On 13 April 2012, the 5th Session of the 12th Supreme People's Assembly appointed Kim Jong-un First Chairman of the National Defence Commission.
On 15 April 2012, during a military parade to commemorate Kim Il-sung's centenary, Kim Jong-un made his first public speech. That speech became the basis of "Onwards Toward the Final Victory", a repeatedly aired propaganda hymn dedicated to him.
In July 2012, Kim Jong-un was promoted to wonsu, the highest active rank in the military. The decision was jointly issued on by the Central Committee and the Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party of Korea, the National Defence Commission, and the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly, the Korean Central News Agency subsequently announced. By this promotion, he is one of only two wonsu holders now alive in North Korea. The other is Lee Ul Sol, who received the rank in 1995. The only higher rank is Dae Wonsu (roughly translated as Grand Marshal or Generalissimo) which was held by Kim's grandfather, Kim Il-sung, and which was awarded posthumously to his father, Kim Jong-il, in February 2012. The promotion confirmed Kim's role as top leader of the North Korean military and came days after the replacement of Chief of General Staff Ri Yong-ho by Hyon Yong-chol.
During a 26 July 2012 performance marking the 59th anniversary of the armistice of the Korean War, security around Kim reportedly increased dramatically because Kim "is extremely nervous about the possibility of an emergency developing inside North Korea" caused by "mounting opposition to his efforts to rein in the military."
In August 2012, Kim Jong-un announced economics reforms similar to China. Kim began to be mentioned by the North Korean state media as "Supreme Leader" ("chego ryongdoja") at this time.
In November 2012, satellite photos revealed a half-kilometer-long propaganda message carved into a hillside in Ryanggang Province, reading, "Long Live General Kim Jong-un, the Shining Sun!" The message, located next to an artificial lake built in 2007 to serve a hydroelectric station, is made of Korean syllable blocks measuring 15 by 20 meters, and is located approximately 9 kilometers south of Hyesan near the border with China.
Kim Jong-il's personal chef Kenji Fujimoto stated, "Stores in Pyongyang were brimming with products and people in the streets looked cheerful. North Korea has changed a lot since Kim Jong-un assumed power. All of this is because of leader Kim Jong-un."
Officially, Kim Jong-un is part of a triumvirate heading the executive branch of the North Korean government along with Premier Pak Pong-ju and parliament chairman Kim Yong-nam (no relation). Each nominally holds powers equivalent to a third of a president's powers in most other presidential systems. Kim Jong-un commands the armed forces, Pak Pong-ju heads the government, and Kim Yong-nam handles foreign relations. Nevertheless, it is generally understood that Kim Jong-un, like his father and grandfather before him, exercises absolute control over the government and the country.
On 30 November 2012, Kim met with Li Jianguo, who "briefed Kim on the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China," according to the KCNA news agency. A letter from Xi Jinping was hand-delivered during the discussion.
In 2013, Kim re-established his grandfather's style when he made his first New Year's address, a break from the approach of his father. Kim Jong-il never made televised addresses during his 17 years in power. In lieu of delivering a speech, Kim Jong-il contributed to and approved a New Year's Day editorial, jointly published by "Rodong Sinmun" (the daily newspaper of the Korean Workers' Party), "Joson Imnigun" (the newspaper of the Korean People's Army), and "Chongnyon Jonwi" (the newspaper of the Kim Il-sung Socialist Youth League). At the extraordinary meeting with his top defence and security officials on 26 January 2013, Kim issued orders on preparations for a new nuclear test and introduced martial law in North Korea effective from 29 January.
In May 2014 following the collapse of an apartment building in the capital, Kim Jong-un was said to be very upset at the loss of life that resulted. A statement issued by the country's official news agency the Korean Central News Agency used the rare expression "profound consolation and apology." An unnamed government official was quoted by the BBC as saying Kim Jong-Un had "sat up all night, feeling painful." While the height of the building and the number of casualties was not released, media reports described the building as 23-storeys and indicated "hundreds" of people may have died in the collapse.
Nuclear threats.
On 7 March 2013, North Korea threatened the United States with a 'pre-emptive nuclear attack', and Kim Jong-un issued a detailed threat to "wipe out" Baengnyeong Island, the scene of previous naval clashes. North Korea has revealed its plans for conducting nuclear strikes on U.S. cities, including Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C.
At a plenary meeting of the WPK Central Committee held on 31 March 2013 in the wake of war threats with South Korea, Kim Jong-un announced that North Korea will adopt "a new strategic line on carrying out economic construction and building nuclear armed forces simultaneously".
Purges.
Ri Yong-ho, Kim Yong-chun, U Tong-chuk, and Kim Jong-gak were handpicked to groom the young leader and were close confidants of Kim Jong-il. They have either been demoted or disappeared. One South Korean government official said Kim Jong-un is trying to "erase all traces of his father's rule" 11 months after stepping into power and "replacing top brass with officers who are loyal to him alone." By the end of 2013, three defence ministers and four chiefs of the army's general staff had been replaced and five of the seven men who had escorted his father's hearse two years earlier had been purged, with his uncle Jang Sung-taek one of the most prominent. Jang Sung-taek is believed to have been executed by machine gun. It has been claimed that Kim Jong-un has also put to death members of Jang's family. According to multiple sources, Kim is attempting to completely destroy all traces of Jang's existence through "extensive executions" of his family, including the children and grandchildren of all close relatives. Those reportedly killed in Kim's purge include Jang's sister Jang Kye-sun, her husband and ambassador to Cuba, Jon Yong-jin, and Jang's nephew and ambassador to Malaysia, Jang Yong-chol. The nephew's two sons were also said to have been killed. At the time of Jang's removal it was announced that "the discovery and purge of the Jang group... made our party and revolutionary ranks purer..." and after his execution on 12 December 2013 state media warned that the army "will never pardon all those who disobey the order of the Supreme Commander."
Personality.
Kenji Fujimoto, a Japanese chef who used to work as Kim Jong-il's personal cook, described Kim Jong-un as "a chip off the old block, a spitting image of his father in terms of face, body shape, and personality".
"The Washington Post" reported in 2009 that Kim Jong-un's school friends recalled he "spent hours doing meticulous pencil drawings of Chicago Bulls superstar Michael Jordan." He was obsessed with basketball and computer games. On 26 February 2013, Kim Jong-un met ex-NBA star Dennis Rodman, leading many reporters to speculate that Rodman was the first American that Kim had met. Rodman described his trip to Kim Jong-un's private island, "It's like Hawaii or Ibiza, but he's the only one that lives there." Kim Jong-un is reportedly a fan of Eric Clapton.
In a 2012 news story, "Business Insider" reported, "Signs of a rise in luxury goods have been creeping out of North Korea since Kim Jong-un took over as last year. Just recently, Kim's wife Ri Sol-Ju was photographed holding what appeared to be an expensive Dior handbag, worth almost $1,594 — an average year's salary in North Korea." According to diplomatic sources, "Kim Jong-un likes to drink and party all night like his father and ordered the sauna equipment to help him beat hangovers and fatigue."
During Dennis Rodman's 26 February 2013 trip to North Korea, Vice Media correspondent Ryan Duffy observed that "the leader was 'socially awkward' and didn’t make eye contact when shaking hands".
According to Cheong Seong-chang of Sejong Institute, Kim Jong-un has greater visible interest in the welfare of his people and engages in greater interaction with them than his father did.
In 2013, it was rumored that Kim Jong-un had received plastic surgery in order to modify his facial appearance.
Assassination attempt.
On 14 March 2013, reports surfaced from South Korean intelligence sources that Kim Jong-un had been the target of an assassination attempt. The attempt was made by "disgruntled people inside the North" in response to the demotion of Reconnaissance General Bureau director Kim Yong-chol in November 2012. According to the unnamed intelligence source, the attempt was made in downtown Pyongyang and resulted in a firefight. The demotion was due to an internal power struggle between government factions.
Human rights violations.
Many reports indicate that the human rights violations under the leadership of Kim Jong-il are continuing under Kim Jong-un. Such violations include ordering the killing of defectors, conducting public executions and sending people to political prison camps. It is assumed that Kim Jong-un was involved in the "Cheonan" sinking and the bombardment of Yeonpyeong to strengthen his military credentials and facilitate a successful transition of power from his father.
The 2013 report on the situation of human rights in North Korea by United Nations Special Rapporteur Marzuki Darusman proposed a United Nations commission of inquiry to document the accountability of Kim Jong-un and other individuals in the North Korean government for alleged crimes against humanity. The report of the commission of inquiry was published in February 2014 and recommends to make him accountable for crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court.
One report by the Japanese "Asia Press" agency in January 2013 claimed that in North and South Hwanghae provinces more than 10,000 people had died of famine. Other international news agencies have begun circulating stories of cannibalism. One informant, based in South Hwanghae, said: "In my village in May, a man who killed his own two children and tried to eat them was executed by a firing squad."
Name.
Kim was formerly known as Kim Jong-woon or Kim Jung-woon. His name was first reported as 김정운 (Hanja: ; lit. "righteous cloud"), possibly as a result of an error in transliteration; the Japanese language does not distinguish between 운 () and 은 (). The initial source of his name was Kim Jong-il's former personal chef, known by the pen name Kenji Fujimoto, who was among the few who had access to information about Kim's household from inside the government. Chinese media had named him as 김정은 (Hanja: ; lit. "righteous grace").
Family.
On 25 July 2012 North Korean state media reported for the first time that Kim Jong-un is married to Ri Sol-ju (리설주). Ri, who appears to be in her early 20s, had been accompanying Kim Jong-un to public appearances for several weeks prior to the announcement. The BBC, quoting an analyst who spoke to "The Korea Times" of South Korea, reported that Kim Jong-il had hastily arranged his son's marriage after suffering a stroke in 2008. According to some sources, the two married in 2009 and Ri gave birth to a daughter in 2010.
Kim Jong-un has two half-brothers and an older and younger full-brother (see below). He also has a younger sister, Kim Yo-jong, who was believed to be about 23 in 2012. She sometimes accompanies him.
Fatherhood.
In October 2012, there was speculation about Ri's public disappearance, and questions arose whether it was the result of a "breach of discipline" or "pregnancy," but she later reappeared with her spouse Kim at a military college. It was followed by news reports in December 2012 that Ri was visibly pregnant, although North Korean officials did not comment on the speculation.
In March 2013, former NBA basketball player Dennis Rodman visited Kim Jong-un in North Korea and on his return told the British tabloid newspaper "The Sun" that Ri had given birth to a healthy daughter. One South Korean government source speculated that "doctors induced labor to make sure the child was born in 2012, which marked the 100th anniversary of North Korean founder Kim Il-sung," but no exact birth date has been confirmed. Rodman told "The Guardian" in September 2013 that the couple's baby, a girl, is named Ju-ae.

</doc>
<doc id="5962514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962514" title="Aaron Lawrence (footballer)">
Aaron Lawrence (footballer)

Aaron Lawrence (born 11 August 1970) in Jamaica was a professional footballer, he has since retired. During his career he played as a goalkeeper, making over 60 appearances for Jamaica.
Club career.
Aaron played the whole of his career in his homeland, he played initially for Violet Kickers F.C. and spent the most part of his career for Reno F.C..
International career.
Lawrence had been a member of the Jamaica national football team for a little more than a decade. His role was primarily as backup to team captain Warren Barrett, until one memorable performance in 1998 at the World Cup finals in France. Starting in Jamaica’s third and final game against Japan, Lawrence shut out the relentless Japanese attackers until late in the game when one sneaked by him. He nevertheless protected Jamaica’s slim lead and led them to their first World Cup Finals win, a 2-1 result.
He attempted to secure an overseas contract with a European Club but it proved futile, but the player had emerged as Jamaica’s first-choice keeper and had hoped to lead the Jamaica national football team to another World Cup appearance. However, with the emergence of Donovan Ricketts, the under twenty-three goalkeeper at the time, Lawrence never managed to fight his way back to the starter’s position.
The 'Wild Boy' was a tall, athletic and fleet-footed professional. Although there was perhaps room for improvement in his positioning and handling of balls crossed into the six-yard box, in his defence he was known for pulling off spectacular and timely saves when it mattered most. His vast experience proved useful time and time again for the Jamaican national football team in those tough away games. He scored a penalty for Jamaica vs India in August 2004.
Coaching career.
Lawrence is currently on the coaching staff of Reno FC and also serves as the director of the Real Madrid Academy in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="5962518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962518" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint-Boniface () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Manitoba. It is currently led by Archbishop Albert LeGatt.
Overview.
The archdiocese covers much of the province south of Lake Winnipeg and east of the Red River. It is a bilingual French and English archdiocese. Saint Boniface is a suburb of the city of Winnipeg that sits on the east side of the Red River, and the area is a traditional home of Franco-Manitobans.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 76 parishes, 66 active diocesan priests, 48 religious priests, and 113,000 Catholics. It also has 280 Women Religious, 86 Religious Brothers, and 11 permanent deacons. The archdiocese and the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg jointly operate a number of parochial schools in Winnipeg.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Saint-Boniface and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5962522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962522" title="Kinnoull F.C.">
Kinnoull F.C.

Kinnoull F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club based in Perth. Formed in 1943, they play their home games at Tulloch Park and their team colour is red. They currently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Central Division.
They won the Tayside Premier Division in season 2005–06, thus entitling them to play in the Super League for the 2006–07 season and are currently Perth's highest placed junior club. They were relegated at the end of the season after finishing bottom.
Kinnoull are one of three football clubs based in Perth, the others being professional side St. Johnstone and fellow Junior club Jeanfield Swifts.
On 27 January 2008, Scott Brown, Kinnoull's manager over the previous six seasons, resigned from his position.

</doc>
<doc id="5962524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962524" title="Trace fossil classification">
Trace fossil classification

Trace fossils are classified in various ways for different purposes. Traces can be classified taxonomically (by morphology), ethologically (by behavior), and toponomically, that is, according to their relationship to the surrounding sedimentary layers. Outside of special cases, phylogenetic classification of trace fossils is unsatisfactory because the makers of most trace fossils are unknown.
Taxonomic classification.
The taxonomic classification of trace fossils parallels the taxonomic classification of organisms under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature. In trace fossil nomenclature a Latin binomial name is used, just as in animal and plant taxonomy, with a genus and specific epithet. When talking about trace fossils the genus is called an "ichnogenus", and the species is an "ichnospecies", the "ichno-" prefix coming from the Greek "ιχνος" (transliterated "ikhnos"), meaning "trace". The name is similarly italicized, and in full reference the author plus the year of publication should be cited. "Ichnogenus" and "ichnospecies" are commonly abbreviated as "igen." and "isp.", respectively.
Most researchers classify trace fossils only as far as the ichnogenus rank, based upon trace fossils that resemble each other in morphology but have subtle differences. Some authors have constructed detailed hierarchies up to "ichnosuperclass", recognizing such fine detail as to identify "ichnosuperorder" and "ichnoinfraclass" (e.g. [http://www.paleofile.com/Demo/Localities/Africademo/Algeria.htm]), but such attempts are controversial. 
The most promising cases of phylogenetic classification are those in which similar trace fossils show details complex enough to deduce the makers, such as bryozoan borings, large trilobite trace fossils such as Cruziana, and vertebrate footprints. However, most trace fossils lack sufficiently complex details to allow such classification.
Ethologic classification.
The Seilacherian System.
Adolf Seilacher was the first to propose a broadly accepted ethological basis for trace fossil classification. He recognized that most trace fossils are created by animals in one of five main behavioural activities, and named them accordingly:
Other ethological classes.
Since the inception of behavioural categorization, several other ethological classes have been suggested and accepted, as follows:
Over the years several other behavioural groups have been proposed, but in general they have been quickly discarded by the ichnological community. Some of the failed proposals are listed below, with a brief description.
Fixichnia is perhaps the group with the most weight as a candidate for the next accepted ethological class, being not fully described by any of the eleven currently accepted categories. There is also potential for the three plant traces (cecidoichnia, corrosichnia and sphenoichnia) to gain recognition in coming years, with little attention having been paid to them since their proposal.
Toponomic classification.
Another way to classify trace fossils is to look at their relation to the sediment of origin. Martinsson has provided the most widely accepted of such systems, identifying four distinct classes for traces to be separated in this regard:
Other classifications have been proposed, but none stray far from the above.

</doc>
<doc id="5962525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962525" title="Markets in Bangkok">
Markets in Bangkok

There are many markets in Bangkok, Thailand. Notable markets include:

</doc>
<doc id="5962529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962529" title="The Aquatic Games">
The Aquatic Games

The Aquatic Games (Super Aquatic Games on the Super Nintendo) is a sports video game by Millennium Software. It featured pseudo-Olympic sports starring the video game character James Pond.
The game was an aquatic-themed parody of games like Konami's "Track & Field". Due to the nature of its gameplay, "Aquatic Games" is something of an anomaly in the James Pond franchise, with all the other games in the series being side-viewed platform games. This possibly represented an attempt to spin the character off into other genres the way Nintendo had done with its mascot Mario.
"Aquatic Games" is also notable in that it was the last game in the series to be released for the Amiga A500. Though the next game ("") also appeared on the Amiga, it was only compatible with the newer range of 32-bit Amigas (such as the A1200) which used the AGA chipset.
The game contains classical music pieces Ode to Joy (from Beethoven's 9th) in the title screen and Schubert's fish song "Die Forelle" during certain events. The rest of the music is composed by Richard Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="5962532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962532" title="Jimmy Engoulvent">
Jimmy Engoulvent

Jimmy Engoulvent (born December 7, 1979 in Le Mans) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for . He is a prologue time trial specialist, having won many prologues throughout his career, he also specializes in small field sprints. He was the lanterne rouge of the 2012 Tour de France, as he finished last of the 153 riders to complete the Tour.
Engoulvent joined for the 2014 season, after his previous team –  – folded at the end of the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5962537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962537" title="1822 in poetry">
1822 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="5962543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962543" title="Rötz">
Rötz

Rötz is a town in the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 17 km northwest of Cham, and 30 km east of Schwandorf.

</doc>
<doc id="5962549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962549" title="Tia and Tamera">
Tia and Tamera

Tia and Tamara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5962563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962563" title="1888 in poetry">
1888 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="5962566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962566" title="Smith Volcano">
Smith Volcano

Smith Volcano, also known as Mount Babuyan, is a cinder cone on Babuyan Island, the northernmost of the Babuyan group of islands on Luzon Strait, north of the main island of Luzon in the Philippines. The mountain is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines, which last erupted in 1924. 
The volcano is politically located in the Municipality of Calayan, Cagayan province, the town that has jurisdiction over the Babuyan Islands except Fuga Island.
Physical features.
The sparsely-vegetated cinder cone is high with a base diameter of . Layers of basaltic lava flows are evident south of the volcano.
Smith Volcano is one of the probably five Pleistocene-to-Holocene volcanic centers on Babuyan Island (also known as Babuyan de Claro Island) with Smith, the youngest volcano on the island. The largest on the island is Babuyan Claro (also known as "Mt. Pangasun"), an active stratovolcano with two well-preserved summit craters in diameter, located in the center of the island. Babuyan Claro is about peak-to-peak southeast of Smith Volcano, which is the north-westernmost summit on the triangular-shaped island.
Eruptions.
Smith Volcano has erupted six times, the last of which was in 1924.
Emergency investigation of 1993.
A team of volcanologists from the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) Quick Response Team conducted an investigation on July 8, 1993 following reports of unusual volcanic activity at Babuyan Island. Results of the survey showed that Smith Volcano was quiet with no volcanic earthquakes recorded during the survey.
Popular media.
Smith Volcano was featured in the opening sequence of , the 27th season of the American reality TV show filmed on Palaui Island off mainland Cagayan province, about southward of Babuyan Island. The almost barren slope of the cinder cone was flashed at the 0:04-second mark of the clip.

</doc>
<doc id="5962569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962569" title="The Miracle of Love">
The Miracle of Love

"The Miracle of Love" is a 1986 song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by Eurythmics members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The track was released as the third single from the duo's sixth album "Revenge" in the UK. It was not released as a single in the United States.
The music video was directed by band member David A. Stewart. The grainy video shows Lennox and Stewart separately in darkened room surrounded only by candles followed by a shot of Lennox against a tree while historical footage of military violence is shown. The video ends with a long, extreme close-up of Lennox's face as she wanders around a park before acknowledging the camera by smiling, laughing, and winking. The cover art for the single is a screenshot from this scene.
The ballad became a modest hit in the UK singles chart but reached the Top 20 in Australia, Brazil and parts of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5962575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962575" title="Fabio Galante">
Fabio Galante

Fabio Galante (born 20 November 1973 in Montecatini Terme, Province of Pistoia) is an Italian footballer.
Career.
Galante started his professional career for Serie C1 side Empoli F.C., then coached by Luciano Spalletti. He successively moved to Genoa C.F.C. in 1994, where he won the 1996 Anglo-Italian Cup. He then switched to Internazionale in 1996. With Internazionale, Galante played three seasons, mostly as a backup player, winning also a UEFA Cup in 1998. 
In 1999 he signed for Torino Calcio, where he spent four seasons, two of them in Serie A. 
In 2004, after having been relegated as backup in Torino, he moved to Livorno, where he quickly became a key player and helped the team to maintain a Serie A place until 2008. He was subsequently released for free by the "amaranto", but on November 2008 he agreed a one-year contract with his former team, so returning to Livorno for their 2008–09 Serie B campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5962583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962583" title="Ruhland">
Ruhland

Ruhland (Sorbian: "Rólany") is a town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Schwarze Elster, 12 km southwest of Senftenberg.
Ruhland is a major railway junction, for freight and for passenger services. The hourly 4-way connection between locomotive-hauled passenger services converging from Hoyerswerda, Cottbus, Leipzig and Dresden is a most impressive sight.

</doc>
<doc id="5962584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962584" title="Mike Gosling">
Mike Gosling

Michael Frederick Gosling (born September 23, 1980) is a retired left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who was most recently with the Cleveland Indians organization.
Minnesota Twins.
Gosling was originally drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the 14th round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft, but chose to go to college at Stanford University, where he graduated with a degree in Human Biology.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
He was drafted again, by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 2nd round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft. Gosling began his career in AA with the El Paso Diablos, and led the Texas League in wins in 2002. After shoulder surgery in 2003, he made his major league debut with the D-backs on September 9, . He went 1–1 with a 4.62 earned run average in six appearances (four starts) for the season. He split between the Diamondbacks and their AAA affiliate, the Tucson Sidewinders, going 0–3 with a 4.45 ERA in 13 appearances (five starts) for Arizona.
Cincinnati Reds.
In , Gosling was selected off waivers by the Cincinnati Reds. He made one appearance with the Reds in 2006, and split between the Reds and their AAA affiliate, the Louisville Bats, going 2-0 with the Reds. He made 24 total appearances in two seasons for the Reds, and was used exclusively out of the bullpen.
Toronto Blue Jays.
In , Gosling played in the Toronto Blue Jays organization and had a 3.67 ERA for AAA Syracuse. Gosling led the league in appearances and became a free agent at the end of the season.
Minnesota Twins.
In January , Gosling signed a minor league contract with the Minnesota Twins. After going 7-1 out of the bullpen for the Rochester Red Wings, Gosling exercised a June 1 escape clause in his contract to become a free agent.
Cleveland Indians.
On June 5, 2009, Gosling signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians. He was then called up on June 19 and made 15 appearances for the Indians.
On December 2, 2009, Gosling re-signed with the Cleveland Indians on a minor league contract with an invite to spring training.
On May 17, 2010, Gosling officially announced his retirement before a Columbus Clippers game for Cleveland's AAA minor league affiliate. He finished his career that night by pitching 6.1 scoreless innings in a spot start against the Durham Bulls.
Life after baseball.
In August 2012, Gosling returned to Stanford and enrolled at Stanford Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="5962587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962587" title="Väinö Huhtala">
Väinö Huhtala

Väinö Huhtala (born December 24, 1935) is a former Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the early 1960s. He won two medals in the 4x10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1960 and a silver in 1964. Huhtala also finished 4th in the 15 km event at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
He also won a silver medal in the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in the 4x10 km relay.

</doc>
<doc id="5962588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962588" title="Durrant Brown">
Durrant Brown

Durrant Brown (born 8 July 1964) is a retired Jamaican football player.
The defender played mostly for Wadadah F.C.. He was nicknamed 'Tatty'. He played at central defence and was regarded as one of the best to play that position for the Jamaican national team.
He played for the Jamaica national football team (107 matches/2 goals), more times than any other Jamaican player, apart from Ian Goodison, and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5962594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962594" title="Maliq">
Maliq

Maliq is a small town in the Korçë District of eastern Albania.
It is the smaller of two cities in the district, the other being Korçë, southeast of Maliq. The municipality consists of the town Maliq and the villages Kolanec, Goce, Gjyras, Bickë, Fshat Maliq and Plovisht. At the 2004 census, Maliq had 5,361 residents in 1,388 families.
Location.
The town lies geographically 
The city sits between 3 mountains, "Kodra e Murrizit", "Kodra e Marjanit" and "Hij' e Korbit", at an elevation of 2700 feet (820 m), making it one of the highest cities in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5962598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962598" title="Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty">
Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty

Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty (;February 10, 1909 – September 24, 2002) was an Indian physicist and meteorologist, and is considered to be the father of remote sensing in India.
Early life and education.
P. R. Pisharoty was born on February 10, 1909 in the town of Kollengode in the Indian state of Kerala.His parents were Sivaramakrishnan alias Gopala Vadhyar and Lakshmi Pisharassiar. He had two brothers: Balakrishnan and Rajagopal, and three half brothers: Vaidyanathan, Rose Vadhyar and Gopalakrishnan. He completed his early education in Kerala. Having done his Physics BA honours from St. Joseph's College, Trichinopoly, Madras state, he went on to do his MA (Physics) from Madras University. He then worked as a college lecturer in Physics at Loyola College at Chennai during 1932-1941. During the summer vacations he used to work under Prof. C. V. Raman at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. On the recommendation of Raman, Pisharoty joined the India Meteorological Department in 1942, where he carried out research on thunderstorms, western disturbances, movement of monsoon depressions, orographic rain, etc. He then joined the University of California for further studies where he worked under meteorologist Jacob Bjerknes. His published two reports titled "Some aspects of geostrophic poleward sensible heat" and "The kinetic energy of the atmosphere". He obtained his MS (in Meteorology) and PhD degrees by 1954.
Work in Indian remote sensing programme.
On returning to India, Pisharoty became the Director of Colaba and Alibag Magnetic Observatories in 1959 and Founder Director of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune in 1962. In 1967 he retired as Director of the Institute of Tropical Meteorology and joined the Physical Research Laboratory, Ahmedabad as a senior professor at the invitation of Vikram Sarabhai. At this point he was entrusted with the job of introducing remote sensing technology to India. He accepted the job. His pioneering experiment of detection of coconut wilt-root disease using Soviet aircraft and US equipment was considered to be the first success in remote sensing in India. 
Positions held.
Pisharoty served as the Director, Remote Sensing and Satellite Meteorology, at ISRO Space Applications Centre, Ahmedabad during 1972-75. He was a Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of World Meteorological Organization from 1963 to 1968 and later its Chairman. He also served as the Vice-President of the International Association of Meteorology and Atmospheric Sciences, and as a member of Joint Organising Committee for Global Atmospheric Research Programme from 1969 to 1977. He worked at PRL until the early nineties when he retired for health reasons.
Awards.
Pisharoty was elected a Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences in 1957 and a Fellow of the Indian National Science Academy in 1978. In recognition of his contributions, he was awarded the prestigious Padma Shri national civilian award of the Indian government in 1970. He was the first recipient of the Raman Centenary Medal in 1988. He was awarded the IMO Prize by the WMO in 1989. He also received the K. R. Ramanathan Medal established by Indian National Science Academy in 1990.
Death and legacy.
Pisharoty died on the morning of September 24, 2002 at Pune, at the age of 93. The Indian Society of Remote Sensing renamed the Indian National Remote Sensing Award to 'P. R. Pisharoty Memorial Award' in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="5962607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962607" title="Runkel">
Runkel

Runkel is a town on the Lahn River in Limburg-Weilburg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Runkel lies in the Lahn Valley on both sides of the river between the Westerwald and the Taunus, some eight kilometres east of Limburg.
Neighbouring communities.
Runkel borders in the north on the community of Beselich and the town of Weilburg, in the east on the communities of Weinbach and Villmar and in the south and west on the town of Limburg.
Constituent communities.
The town consists of 9 "Stadtteile".
History.
The town’s first documentary mention came in 1159 in an "enfeoffment" document in which a nobleman named Siegfried von Runkel had his name appear as a witness. It is believed that this Siegfried was the one who built Runkel Castle. In 1191 Siegfried married a countess of Katzenelnbogen. This high noble family forced Dietrich of Runkel to open his castles Runkel and Dehrn. No later than 1230, the castle had a chapel, thereby giving Runkel its first church building. In 1288, after years of family disputes, the Lords of Runkel and those of Westerburg sundered into two lines. In 1440, building work began on the Lahn bridge, but owing to the rift between the Runkels and the Westerburgs, the work took until 1448. In 1447 Count Philipp of Katzenelnbogen was the liege lord.
In 1543, Count Johann IV of Wied had Philipp Melanchthon as a guest at Runkel Castle. In 1568, the Reformation was introduced. In 1622, there was yet another family rift when Count Hermann II at Wied drove his younger brother Philipp Ludwig out of the leadership and indeed from the castle. In 1634, the town and the castle were largely destroyed by Count Johann Ludwig Hektor von Isolani’s troops in the Thirty Years' War. In 1649, the castle’s dwelling buildings were newly built as a residential castle.
In the early 18th century, continued French invasions combined with a record cold winter led many people from the Palatinate, including Runkel an Lahn, to emigrate down the Rhine River, then to England in 1709. There were so many refugees from the German Palatine region that the English government set up a tent city for the winter outside the London walls. In 1710 ten English ships carried nearly 3,000 Germans to the colony of New York. The people worked off their passage in camps on the Hudson River. In 1723 and later they were finally allowed to acquire land in New York's Mohawk Valley, where they established towns such as German Flatts and Palatine Bridge, New York.
In 1791, Friedrich Ludwig, the last of the Wied-Runkel line, was made a prince. In 1796, fighting in Runkel’s streets broke out as troops of the Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt drove French revolutionary occupying soldiers out of town.
In 1806, the Runkel holdings on the Lahn’s right bank, and thereby the part of the town of Runkel lying there, passed to the Duchy of Berg. In 1824, the Wied-Runkel line died out with Prince Friedrich Ludwig’s death, putting the lordly domain, along with the town of Runkel, in Wied-Neuwied’s hands.
Winegrowing is known to have been practised in Runkel by 1270. In 1929, however, it was given up after the phylloxera infestation and a cold winter. In the end, the vinicultural area amounted to 35 hectares.
In 1860, the first savings and loan association ("Sparkasse") in Runkel was founded under the name "Vorschuss-Verein" (“Credit Club”). Since 1914 there has been a central water supply in the town.
In the course of administrative reform in Hesse, the formerly autonomous communities of Steeden, Ennerich and Schadeck merged on 1 December 1970, as did likewise Arfurt, Eschenau, Hofen and Wirbelau on 31 December 1970, with the town of Runkel. The community of Dehrn was only amalgamated on 1 July 1974 by state law.
The outlying centre with the earliest documentary mention is Ennerich, which can prove its existence in 790.
Politics.
Town council.
The municipal election held on 26 March 2006 yielded the following results:
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
The town is linked to the long-distance road network through the Limburg-Süd interchange on the A 3 (Cologne–Frankfurt), 7 km away.
Runkel has a railway station on the Lahn Valley Railway (Koblenz-Limburg-Runkel-Wetzlar-Gießen) at which only regional trains stop. The town lies within the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund area.
Education.
In Runkel is found the "Johann-Christian-Senckenberg-Schule". This is a primary school, Hauptschule and Realschule with a "Förderstufe" (a programme for streaming students into the secondary school best suited to their needs). It was named after the German physician and endower Johann Christian Senckenberg.
Further primary schools are found in Arfurt, Dehrn, Steeden and Runkel.
Students from Runkel also attend the Gymnasien in Limburg and Weilburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5962611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962611" title="Becky Garrison">
Becky Garrison

Becky Garrison is an American religious satirist and author.
She is a 2012 recipient of a Knight Grant for Reporting on Religion and American Public Life. She was a senior contributing editor for The Wittenburg Door, a now defunct religious satire website.
Education.
Garrison earned a bachelor's degree in theater arts at Wake Forest University.
She received an M.Div. from Yale Divinity School and an M.S.W. from Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="5962612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962612" title="Marist College Kogarah">
Marist College Kogarah

Marist College Kogarah is an independent Catholic College for boys from Years 7 to 12, located in Bexley, New South Wales, Australia.
The College was founded in 1909, and has a tradition based on the teachings of the French educator Saint Marcellin Champagnat. The school offers education to approximately 1200 students in the St George area of Sydney.
History.
Marist College Kogarah was established in 1908 as the Kogarah Boys' School, a primary school for boys. The Marist Brothers agreed to establish the school after requests by Fr John O'Driscoll, parish priest of the new parish of Kogarah. During 1908 a hundred pupils were enrolled, it then being the only Catholic boys school in New South Wales south west of Newtown.
As demand for secondary education grew in the region, junior secondary classes were added to the school in the late 1920s. By 1938 it was a full secondary school, presenting pupils for the Leaving Certificate. By the 1940s it was the largest Catholic School in Australia.
In the 1960s, the school became part of the new Archdiocesan system of schools and this had important consequences for Kogarah. Parish schools were preferred for primary education and so in 1982 primary classes ended at Marist Brothers Kogarah. From 1984, senior girls were enrolled in Years 11 and 12. This was however short-lived due to the establishment of Bethany College in 1993.
School crest and motto.
Over the years the school has had three crest designs. They all have in common a red cross dividing a shield into four fields. Above the shield is the school motto "Finis Coronat Opus", meaning "The End Crowns the Work"; below is the school name. The redesigns were required after the school's name was altered. The crest's symbols were also rearranged after the first redesign.
The fields contain the following symbols: 
House system.
The present School house system has been operating since 2000. As each new student begins at the school, he is allocated to a house and its colour. The school has four houses that have been named after people that have made a lasting impact on the school. Students are involved in House Competitions which include Sporting, Cultural and Academic events. The four houses are:
Tuition.
Subjects offered for the Higher School Certificate (HSC) include English Standard, English Advanced, English Extension 1, English Extension 2, General Mathematics, Mathematics, Mathematics Extension 1, Mathematics Extension 2, Chemistry, Physics, Biology, Engineering Studies, Studies of Religion 1, Studies of Religion 2, Geography,Modern History, Ancient History, History Extension, Economics, Business Studies, Italian Beginners, Italian Continuers, Music 1, Music 2, Visual Arts, PDHPE, Industrial Technology, Design and Technology, Information Processes and Technology, and Software Design and Development. For those who do not wish to study Studies of Religion in Years 11 and 12, a School Based Religious Education program is followed, entitles "Catholic Studies".
In 2008 all subjects scored above state average expect Catholic Studies and Studies of Religion 1 & 2 Units

</doc>
<doc id="5962628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962628" title="Wilfried Cretskens">
Wilfried Cretskens

Wilfried Cretskens (born 10 July 1976 in Herk-de-Stad) is a Belgian road bicycle racer who is currently under contract to UCI Continental team Donckers Koffie-Jelly Belly, having joined them on 2 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5962631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962631" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's () is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is the Metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of St. John's, which also includes the suffragan dioceses of Grand Falls, and Corner Brook and Labrador. Its Archbishop is Martin William Currie.
Overview.
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 40 parishes, 39 active diocesan priests, 33 religious priests, and 111,000 Catholics. It also has 220 Women Religious, and 42 Religious Brothers.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of St. John's, Newfoundland, and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5962633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962633" title="Linlithgow Rose F.C.">
Linlithgow Rose F.C.

Linlithgow Rose F.C. are a Scottish junior association football club from Linlithgow, West Lothian who play in the East Region Super League.
With playing colours of maroon and white, Linlithgow Rose are one of the largest and best supported junior clubs in the East Region, having won the Scottish Junior Cup four times, in 1965, 2002, 2007 and 2010. Linlithgow also finished as runners-up in 1974, 2003 and 2013.
History.
Formed in 1889, their home games have been played, since 1949, at Prestonfield. With a maximum capacity of 3,500 spectators (301 seated), the record attendance at the ground is 3,626 for a game against Petershill.
With playing colours of maroon and white, Linlithgow Rose are one of the largest and best supported junior clubs in the East Region, having won the Scottish Junior Cup four times, in 1965, 2002, 2007 and 2010, Linlithgow also finished as runners-up in 1974, 2003 and 2013.
Linlithgow won the Scottish Junior Cup in 2007 against Kelty Hearts. The winning goal being scored by the town hero Mark Whyte with a header from a free kick in the last minute of extra time. The game was played at East End Park in front of 5,000 Rose fans.
Linlithgow then won the Scottish Junior Cup again in 2010 with a second half strike from Kevin Donnelly. They also managed to win The East Of Scotland Cup in June 2010 against Musselburgh which Linlithgow won by 2 goals to 1 both goals from Striker Tommy Coyne. Linlithgow finished a close second in the league to near rivals Bo'ness in the 2009/10 season. 
Their near-neighbour rival club is Bo'ness United.
Due to a reform in the SFA, Linlithgow Rose took part in the 2007–08 Scottish Cup, entering in the first round after winning the Scottish Junior Cup the previous season. On 24 November 2007, they beat Dalbeattie Star 1–0 in the third round thanks to a goal from Stuart McArthur in the second minute of the game. They progressed into the fourth round where they were drawn against Queen of the South. Queen of the South won the tie 4–0. Queen of the South later progressed to the final, before losing 3–2 to Rangers.
The Rose also progressed into the fourth round of the 2007–08 Scottish Junior Cup after beating Bo'ness United 1–0 on 1 December 2007. However they were knocked out in the next round.
Jim Sinnet, who was one of the most successful managers in the club's history, resigned during the 2007–08 season. Former Dumbarton and Forfar boss Brian Fairley was later appointed as his successor.
After the resignation of Brian Fairley and his assistant Allan McGonigal in February 2009 the club were put into the temporary control of Ian Gallacher, Mark Bradley and Danny Smith as they searched for a new manager. Dave Baikie was appointed on 24 April 2009. Bradley replaced Baikie as manager in December 2011.
Over an area of 13 months, Linlithgow went on an unbeaten run of 49 games, only to lose to Auchinleck Talbot in the 2013 Scottish Junior Cup Final. The club went on to make history by going undefeated for the full season of 2012–13, getting 60 points out of a possible 66 points. In the same season they won three trophies out of a possible five, by beating Newtongrange Star 3-0 in the League Cup, beating Camelon Juniors 5-3 in the Fife and Lothians Cup and winning the East Superleague by 19 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5962634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962634" title="Sandy Hook Proving Ground">
Sandy Hook Proving Ground

The Sandy Hook Proving Ground was a military facility along the Atlantic coast of New Jersey established by the Secretary of War on August 7, 1874, to serve as the United States Army's first proving ground for the testing of ordnance and materiel. The facility was located at Sandy Hook, a narrow coastal spit of land, approximately in length and 0.5 miles (varying between 0.1 and 1 miles) wide, in Middletown Township in Monmouth County. The facility was operated in conjunction with the adjoining Fort Hancock.
The Sandy Hook Peninsula met the army's needs for an experimental testing area for heavy ordnance and was on land that was already government owned. After its formal establishment on August 7, 1874, it was nearly two years before facilities were completed that allowed staffing and testing to reach its potential. Because of the period of time involved, the bulk of the weaponry designed, built and installed for coastal defense under both the Taft and Endicott Boards was tested at Sandy Hook.
A dual military command existed with the Sandy Hook Proving Ground – contained within the site of Fort Hancock – continuing to test ordnance equipment while the Coast Artillery Corps took over the harbor defense mission of the New York Harbor. The Proving Ground continued operations until 1919, when its weapons test site could no longer contain the ever-increasing range of larger and more powerful weapons and testing was moved to the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Aberdeen, Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="5962641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962641" title="Stanko Poklepović">
Stanko Poklepović

Stanko "Špaco Pirja" Poklepović (born 19 April 1938) is a Croatian football coach.
Coaching career.
He made his impact in the 1984–85 Yugoslav First League as the manager of Hajduk Split when he took over the Yugoslav powerhouse at the time when a lot of important players left the club and a lot of young players like Asanović, Andrijašević and Španjić joined the club with no experience..
Poklepović almoust won the league but finished 2nd because of match fixing that was popular with other clubs in the league.Hajduk managed to break the record and scored 2 goals in every match that season.
In the 1985–86 UEFA Cup Poklepović lead Hajduk to the quarter-finals.Poklepović won the first leg match against Waregem 1-0 on Poljud but he was then fired from Hajduk because of underperforming in the league and so he didn't manage the second leg game against Waregem which Hajduk lost on penalties after a 0-1 defeat.
In 1991 he returned to Hajduk and managed to win the 1992 Prva HNL which was Stanko's first league trophy in his career. In 1992 he took over the Croatian national football team but after 4 games and only 1 win he left the team. 
In 1994 he went to manage the Iranian national football team and Persepolis. He managed to win the 1995–96 Azadegan League and the 1996–97 Azadegan League with Persepolis.
In 1998 he took over Osijek and managed to win the 1998–99 Croatian Cup which is Osijek's first and only trophy till today. He also finished 4th in the 1998–99 Prva HNL and secured a place in European competitions for Osijek.
He returned again to Iran in 2005 and 2009 but unsuccessfully.
In February 2010 he returned to Hajduk Split for the third time. He managed to win the 2009–10 Croatian Cup and finished 2nd in the 2009–10 Prva HNL. He qualified with Hajduk for the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League after defeating Dinamo București and Unirea Urziceni in the qualifying rounds. In the 2010–11 Prva HNL he controlled the 1st positions for a while and became a favourite of the fans and the media. In the European league he defeated Anderlecht 1-0 on Poljud which was Hajduk's biggest European victory since the mid 1990-s. After losing a cup game against Istra 1961 in the 1/16 round and losing the 1st position in the league he was sacked by Hajduk chairman Joško Svaguša on 27 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5962643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962643" title="Don Loper">
Don Loper

Don Loper (April 29, 1906 – November 22, 1972) was an American costume and necktie designer, as well as a screenwriter, choreographer, associate producer, actor, and assistant to MGM musicals producer Arthur Freed. He began his career as a dancer and was teamed with Ginger Rogers in the film "Lady in the Dark" (1944).
Loper is also known for introducing Judy Garland to her future husband, director Vincente Minnelli ("Meet Me in St. Louis").
Loper's work, some of which were designed for stars like Ella Fitzgerald and Lucille Ball are featured in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the California African American Museum. He played himself in an episode of "I Love Lucy" titled "The Fashion Show" in 1955.
Death.
He died in Santa Monica, California, from complications following a lung puncture.

</doc>
<doc id="5962660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962660" title="The Elms School">
The Elms School

The Elms School is a co-educational, independent, boarding, prep school located in Colwall, Herefordshire, England, at the foot of the Malvern Hills. Including its pre-prep department, it caters for children from 2½ to 13 years old.
The Elms was founded in 1614 by Humphrey Walwyn of the Worshipful Company of Grocers, and is the oldest prep school still on its original site. In 2014 The Elms School will be celebrating its 400 year anniversary. It maintains close links with the Grocers' Company, and receives financial assistance from the company's charitable arm.
The school's current headmaster is Alastair Thomas. Unusually, the school includes a working farm, which the children can take part in, and keep their horses there.

</doc>
<doc id="5962661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962661" title="List of German Type XXIII submarines">
List of German Type XXIII submarines

German Type XXIII submarines were small, fast coastal craft, capable of remaining underwater indefinitely, fuel permitting, while at sea. This made them extremely dangerous to allied shipping and much better protected against allied counter-measures. Their main drawback was that they carried only two torpedoes, which severely limited their combat effectiveness. These boats appeared in the last two months of 1944 onward and were too late to have a major effect on the Second World War.
Due to their late arrival, the majority of these coastal submarines were never used in combat, and were scuttled either in Germany or in Operation Deadlight following the end of the war. These boats are listed below with construction and destruction information.

</doc>
<doc id="5962662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962662" title="1842 in poetry">
1842 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="5962670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962670" title="Lake Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Lake Township, Wood County, Ohio

Lake Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 10,972 people in the township, 6,753 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the northeastern part of the county, it borders the following municipalities:
Two villages are located in Lake Township: Millbury in the east, and Walbridge in the northwest. Two prominent unincorporated communities are within the township: East Lawn in the northeast, and Moline in the west.
Lake Township is the home of Toledo Executive Airport, formerly named Metcalf Field. The Lake Local School District athletic teams are nicknamed the "Flyers" in reference to the district's main campus location directly across the road from the airport.
Name and history.
Statewide, other Lake Townships are located in Ashland, Logan, and Stark counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5962686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962686" title="Chris Carmichael (cyclist)">
Chris Carmichael (cyclist)

Chris Carmichael (born October 24, 1961 in Miami, Florida) is a retired professional cyclist and cycling, triathlon and endurance sports coach as well as the founder of Carmichael Training Systems.
Coaching career.
He is well known for being the personal coach to cyclist Lance Armstrong - as well as George Hincapie, ice-hockey player Saku Koivu and swimmer Ed Moses. Athletes under his tutelage have reportedly won a combined total of 33 medals at the Olympics, World Championships, and Pan American Games. In 1997, he joined the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), the international governing body for cycling headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, as Olympic Solidarity Coaching Instructor.
Doping controversy.
Some cyclists he had trained later sued USA Cycling (USAC) for doping them and named him and fellow coach Rene Wenzel in their allegations, Greg Strock in 2000, and Erich Kaiter in 2004. Both reportedly made out-of-court settlements with him but the case against the USAC continued as of April 2006.
In November 2013, Lance Armstrong settled a lawsuit with Acceptance Insurance Company (AIC). AIC had sought to recover $3 million it had paid Armstrong as bonuses for winning the Tour de France from 1999-2001. The suit was settled for an undisclosed sum one day before Armstrong was scheduled to give an oral deposition under oath. In a sworn, written deposition for the lawsuit Armstrong stated, "Mr. Armstrong told Chris Carmichael in 1995 of his use of PEDs."
Cycling career.
Carmichael is a former competitive cyclist and member of the U.S. National Cycling Team (1978–1984), competed in the 1984 Summer Olympic Games and was a member of the first U.S. cycling team to compete in the Tour de France, 7-Eleven Cycling Team, in 1986. He abandoned after stage 12.

</doc>
<doc id="5962688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962688" title="Lochee United F.C.">
Lochee United F.C.

Lochee United Football Club are a Scottish junior football club from the Lochee area of Dundee. Formed in 1892, they play their home games at Thomson Park, which has room for 3,200 spectators, 170 of whom can be seated. Lochee's colours are blue shirts, blue shorts and white socks. They were managed by former Scotland under-21 midfielder Ray McKinnon but after he resigned at the end of season 2009/10 Paul Ritchie (who had played for Dundee and Lochee among other clubs) was appointed manager, with long serving kitman Ernie Scrimgeour, a fans favourite, continuing to put up the nets and pair up the socks.
Lochee United currently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League.
United's most recent success was winning the East Super League in 2008, as a result they participated in the Scottish Cup for the first time. They reached the third round of the competition after beating Bathgate Thistle 3–1 in the first round and Buckie Thistle 3–0 in the second round. United managed a 1-1 draw with Ayr United in the third round. In the replay at Somerset Park, Lochee lost 3–1 to Ayr.
They are one of two junior clubs from Lochee, the other being Lochee Harp.

</doc>
<doc id="5962693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962693" title="World Cup Carnival">
World Cup Carnival

World Cup Carnival is a football video game for Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum released in 1986.
Summary.
This is the first World Cup franchise game, and is based on 1986 FIFA World Cup. The game is actually Artic Software's previous title "World Cup Football", with the official licenced items added.
While the license was acquired with time to spare and was carefully planned, internal problems plagued the project's development until it could not be completed anywhere near a commercially usable date. As Mexico '86 was coming closer, U.S. Gold decided to acquire the rights of an older game, "World Cup Football", re-fit it with the properly licensed items, and market it as a revolutionary new title. However, this late effort was received with cynicism from all in the video game industry: gamers, retailers and reviewers alike, and started a trend of "less than what was expected" games based on football licenses. Several magazines of the time printed angry letters from people who had bought the game.
Ten teams are available in the Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC versions of the game while all 24 teams that played in the 1986 World Cup are available in the ZX Spectrum version. For all three platforms only 8 of these teams can be selected for the actual World Cup mode. Additionally, there is a training mode that includes penalty taking in all three versions. Matches last for 3 minutes, and there is no ability to change formation settings etc.
The game was packaged with many extras including a World Cup wallchart, a sew-on badge and poster.
Box.
Despite being a World Cup game released in England, the box features an image of a Brazilian Fluminense Football Club torcida crowd.
Reviews.
At the time of its release Zzap!64 awarded the C64 version of the game an overall score of just 11%. Crash scored the ZX Spectrum version 26% and the reviewer stated "This is the worst football simulation I have ever seen". MobyGames awards the game 2.5/5.

</doc>
<doc id="5962696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962696" title="Einar Østby">
Einar Østby

Einar Østby (born 17 September 1935) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier who competed during the early 1960s. He earned a silver in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley and also finished 5th in the 15 km event as well.
Østby also won a bronze medal in the 15 km event at the 1962 Nordic skiing World Championships.
He was born in Vinger.
He was also an able long distance runner. His personal best times were 14:46.2 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 1959 at Bislett stadion, and 31:01.2 minutes in the 10,000 metres, achieved in August 1962 in Drammen. He represented the club Jaren IL.

</doc>
<doc id="5962703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962703" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sherbrooke">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sherbrooke

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sherbrooke () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Quebec and includes the suffragan dioceses of Nicolet and Saint-Hyacinthe. It is currently led by Archbishop André Gaumond. 
As of 2004, the archdiocese contains 107 parishes, 195 active diocesan priests, 107 religious priests, and 291,000 Catholics. It also has 1,012 Women Religious, 197 Religious Brothers, and 18 permanent deacons.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Sherbrooke and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5962706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962706" title="Sally Wainwright">
Sally Wainwright

Sally Wainwright is a British BAFTA-nominated television writer and a playwright. She won 2009 Writer of the Year Award given by the RTS in 2009 for "Unforgiven".
She was born in Halifax.
Original television productions include:
She has also written for the following soap operas:

</doc>
<doc id="5962712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962712" title="Scottie Reynolds">
Scottie Reynolds

Scottie Reynolds (born October 10, 1987) is an American professional basketball player. The Huntsville, Alabama native played for Villanova University in the Big East Conference of the NCAA. He originally intended to play for the University of Oklahoma Sooners, but was released from his letter of intent by the administration after the Sooners' coach, Kelvin Sampson, accepted the head coaching job at Indiana University. Reynolds played for the U.S. team in the 2007 Pan Am Games.
Biography.
Early life.
Reynolds was born in Huntingsville, Alabama to an unwed, unemployed teenaged mother who reluctantly gave him up for adoption. Reynolds grew up in a loving family with his adoptive parents Rick and Pam Reynolds and siblings Eric, Kelli, Susie, Ross, and Dahlia. He has lived in Athens, Alabama; Herndon, Virginia; and Chicago, Illinois. He attended A. Scott Crossfield elementary school in Virginia and Helen Keller Jr. High in Schaumburg, Illinois
High school.
A four-year starter for his high school team, the Herndon Hornets of Herndon, Virginia, Reynolds is one of the most prolific scorers in Virginia basketball history, and the best player in the competitive Northern Region since Grant Hill (South Lakes High School, Class of 1990). He led the Herndon Hornets to the state finals in the 2005–06 season, and the team became state runners-up. Averaged 40ppg, A three-time Player of the Year for the region, Reynolds is known for his three-point shooting and clutch performances. During his senior year, Reynolds was named a McDonald's All-American, the first player in the Northern Region to be so honored since Joey Beard (South Lakes High School, Class of 1993). Reynolds owns many Herndon Hornets basketball records, including most points in a year, most points during a high school career, and most points in a game with 53 against I. C. Norcom High School in 2005. Reynolds is 16th all-time in Virginia high school career scoring. He was at one point ranked the fourth best point guard in the nation. Reynolds averaged 28.4 points per game, 4.5 assists per game, and 4.0 steals per game as a senior, and 34.7 points as a junior. Jay Wright recruited him to play for the Villanova Wildcats men's basketball team.
College.
As a Villanova Wildcat, he became the Wildcats' primary scoring threat by the end of his freshman year. Reynolds' 40 points against the University of Connecticut on February 28, 2007 was the most ever scored against the Huskies at Connecticut's Gampel Pavilion in Storrs. Reynolds was named the 2006–07 Big East Rookie of the Year. Villanova made the Sweet 16 in the 2008 NCAA Tournament during Reynold's sophomore season before losing to eventual champion Kansas. He led the team in scoring with 15.9 points per game.
During his Junior season, he was 2nd on the team with 15.2 PPG in leading Villanova to a 26-7 record and a #3 Seed in the NCAA Tournament. During Villanova's Elite Eight matchup versus #1 seed Pittsburgh in the 2009 NCAA Tournament, Reynolds made a game-winning shot with 0.5 seconds to go to send Nova to the 2009 Final Four in Detroit. The Wildcats lost in the Final Four to the North Carolina Tar Heels.
On April 21, 2009, Reynolds declared for the 2009 NBA Draft, but did not hire an agent. On June 9, 2009, Reynolds withdrew from the NBA draft to return for his senior season at Villanova.
On January 11, 2010, Reynolds scored a season-high 36 points, on 5-of-5 three-pointers, in a 92–84 win over Louisville.
As a Senior in 2009-10 season, the 6'2" Reynolds averaged 18.5 points and shot 40 percent from 3-point range in becoming the Wildcats' go-to player with several spectacular second-half efforts. He led the Wildcats to a 25-8 season (13-5 Big East) and a #2 seed in the NCAA tournament, which culminated with a 75–68 loss to St. Mary's (CA) in the second round of the 2010 NCAA Tournament. Reynolds ended his career as the second-leading scorer in Villanova history with 2,222 points, falling only 21 points short of breaking Kerry Kittles's all-time record. He finished his College career with 472 assists and 203 steals.
Reynolds was named to the 2010 AP All-American 1st team joining Randy Foye (2006), Kerry Kittles (1996) and Paul Arizin (1950) as the only Villanova players to become 1st team All-Americans.
"You go through a season not expecting to get All-American," Reynolds said. "You just go out there every day and try and do the best you can, try and play Villanova basketball. It's in the back of your head, but if you concentrate on that, that stuff will never come." 
Villanova Coach Jay Wright often referred to Scottie Reynolds as the "face of Villanova Basketball" during his 4 years on the team.
Pro career.
NBA.
Scottie Reynolds was the first AP All-American to not be selected in the NBA Draft since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976. He was signed by the Phoenix Suns to participate in their 2010 summer league.
Reynolds played three games on the Suns' summer league squad subsequently received invitation to training camp.
Reynolds averaged 10.3 points and 4.7 assists in the Suns' final three games of summer-league play after missing the first two with an Achilles injury.
Europe.
On August 1, 2010, Reynolds agreed on a one-year deal with Italian club Prima Veroli.
On October 26, 2010, it was announced that Reynolds was leaving Prima Veroli due to his heart not wanting to play basketball in Italy, but in the States. Reynolds averaged 12.3 points, 2.5 assists and 2.3 steals while going 5–19 from 3-point range. On August 2012, He signed a contract with New Basket Brindisi in Italian first division.
On July 16, 2013, Reynolds signed with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk.
Reynolds is now playing for Hapoel Holon at Israel
NBA Development League.
On November 1, 2010, Reynolds was drafted 13th overall by the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League. He was traded the next day to the Springfield Armor.
On November 26, 2010, Reynolds scored 30 points and made the game winning three-pointer with 0.2 seconds left to give the Armor the 88-85 victory.
On February 19, 2011, Reynolds and the East won the NBA D-league All-star game.
Philippine Basketball Association.
On July 22, 2011 Reynolds played his first game Talk 'N Text.
Utah Jazz.
On December 14, 2011, Reynolds signed with the Utah Jazz.
After sitting the first preseason game, Reynolds, along with three other players, were waived by the Utah Jazz.
Turkey.
On January 10, 2012, Reynolds signed with Antalya Metropolitan Municipality in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="5962714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962714" title="History of Australian rules football">
History of Australian rules football

Australian rules football was invented in Melbourne, Australia, and the first match identified as a direct precursor to the codification of Australian football was organised and refereed by Tom Wills and contested on 31 July 1858 between Melbourne Grammar School and Scotch College, adjacent to the Melbourne Cricket Ground at the Richmond Paddock. The oldest surviving set of rules of Australian rules football were drawn up on 17 May 1859, three days after the formation of the Melbourne Football Club.
The origins of Australian football before 1858 are still the subject of much debate, as there were a multitude of football games in Britain, Ireland and Australia whose rules influenced the early football games played in Melbourne. Teams would have to agree before each match which rules would be followed, and different aspects of association football, Gaelic football, rugby football, Sheffield rules, Cambridge rules Winchester College football and Harrow football were apparent in the early games.
The earliest leagues were the South Australian National Football League at the time called the South Australian Football Association and the Victorian Football Association formed in 1877. The first intercolonial matches were played shortly after in 1879. The game was first known as Melbourne rules football then as the game spread thought the country it became known as Victorian rules football and then Australian rules football.
By Federation in 1901, the game was the main winter sport in Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Tasmania, with the Victorian Football League, South Australian National Football League and the West Australian Football League operating as separate competitions. The game was played in New South Wales and Queensland but was second in popularity to rugby union as the main winter sport.
In the 1990s, the VFL became the Australian Football League, a national body and the premier league in Australia and later became the de facto world governing body for the sport.
Origins of the game.
A letter by Tom Wills Wills was published in "Bell's Life in Victoria & Sporting Chronicle" on 10 July 1858, calling for a "foot-ball club, a rifle club, or other athletic pursuits" to keep cricketers fit during winter. An experimental match was played at the Richmond Paddock (later known as Yarra Park next to the MCG) on 31 July 1858, very few details of the match have survived.
On 7 August 1858, a famous match between Melbourne Grammar School and Scotch College began, umpired by Wills and John Macadam. A second day of play took place on 21 August and a third and final day on 4 September. The two schools have competed annually ever since. However the rules used by the two teams in 1858 were not official since Wills had not yet begun to write them. H.C.A. Harrison Wills's cousin was instrumental in developing the game but not in the very early years.
The Melbourne Football Club rules of 1859 are the oldest surviving set of laws for Australian football. They were drawn up at the Parade Hotel East Melbourne on 17 May by Wills, William Hammersley, J. B. Thompson and Thomas Smith (some sources erroneously include H. C. A. Harrison). The 1859 rules, drawn up three days after the Melbourne club was officially founded did not include some elements that soon became important to the game, such as the requirement to bounce the ball while running. Melbourne's game was not immediately adopted by neighbouring clubs before each match the rules had to be agreed by the two teams involved. By 1866 however several other clubs had agreed to play by an updated version of Melbourne rules.
The original handwritten rules dated May 1859 were signed by Tom Wills, William Hammersley, J. Sewell, J. B. Thompson, Alex Bruce, T. Butterworth and Thomas Smith:
1 "The distance between the goal post shall be decided upon by the captains of the sides playing." 
2 "The captains on each side shall toss for choice of goal. The side losing the toss has the kick-off from the centre-point between the goals." 
3 "A goal must be kicked fairly between the posts without touching either of them or a portion of the person of any player of either side." 
4 "The game shall be played within the space of not more than 200 yards wide, the same to be measured equally upon each side of the line drawn through the centre of the two goals and two posts to be called the kick-off points shall be erected at a distance of 20 yards on each side of the goal posts at both ends and in a straight line with them." 
5 "In case the ball is kicked behind the goals, anyone of the side behind whose goal it is kicked, may bring it back 20 yards in front of any portion of the space between the kick-off posts and shall kick it as nearly as possible in the line of the opposite goal." 
6 "Any player catching the ball directly from the boot may call 'mark'. He then has a free kick. No players from the opposite side being allowed to come into the spot marked." 
7 "Tripping and pushing are both allowed but no hacking when any player is in rapid motion or in possession of the ball except for the case provided by rule 6." 
8 "The ball may be taken in hand only when caught from the boot or on the hop. In no case shall it be lifted from the ground." 
9 "When the ball goes out of bounds (the same being indicated by a row of posts) it shall be brought back to the point where it crossed the boundary line and thrown in right angels with that line." 
10 "The ball while in play may under no circumstances be thrown." 
History of clubs and competitions.
Historic clubs.
The modern day Australian Football League (AFL) includes many teams that date back to the beginnings of the game. Apart from the Melbourne Football Club (1859) other early clubs still in existence in the AFL include: Geelong (1859), Carlton (1864), North Melbourne (aka Hotham) (1869), Port Adelaide (1870), Essendon, Hawthorn and St Kilda (1873), South Melbourne (now Sydney Swans) (1874), Footscray (now the Western Bulldogs) (1877).
Other historic clubs such as the Castlemaine Football Club (1859), Melbourne University Football Club (1859) also continue to exist in lesser leagues.
The first leagues.
In 1877, the South Australian Football Association (SAFA) was formed followed by 3 days later the Victorian Football Association (VFA). The VFA was formed by: Albert Park, Ballarat, Barwon, Beechworth, Carlton, Castlemaine, East Melbourne, Essendon, Geelong, Hotham (later North Melbourne), Inglewood, Melbourne, Rochester and St Kilda. Six of these clubs were from the Victorian country. At the time, Essendon was regarded as a semi-junior club rather than a full member, and was allowed concessions such as fielding teams of 25 players instead of the standard 20.
The first night football match occurred in the VFA in 1879 between Collingwood Artillery and East Melbourne.
Leagues outside Victoria.
Shortly after the game was invented it began to spread from Victoria into other Australian colonies and over seas, beginning with South Australia (1860), Tasmania (1864), Queensland (1866), New South Wales (1877), New Zealand (1868) and Western Australia (1881). By 1916 the game was first played in the Northern Territory, establishing a permanent presence in all Australian states and Mainland territories.
In Newcastle, New South Wales the Black Diamond league was founded by Victorian goldminers and the Black Diamond Challenge Cup remains Australia's oldest sporting trophy.
The first intercolonial match was held between Victoria and South Australia in 1879.
The precursors of the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and the West Australian Football League (WAFL) were strong separate competitions by the late 1880s.
Factors such as intercolonial (and later interstate) rivalry and the denial of access to grounds in Sydney by the dominant rugby codes caused the code to struggle in New South Wales and Queensland.
Formation of the VFL.
A rift in the VFA led to the formation of the Victorian Football League (VFL), which commenced play in 1897 as an eight-team breakaway of the stronger clubs in the VFA competition: Carlton, Collingwood, Essendon, Fitzroy, Geelong, Melbourne, St Kilda and South Melbourne. The first season concluded with Essendon finishing as the premiers (winners).
Another five VFA clubs joined the VFL later: Richmond and University joined the VFL in 1908, although University withdrew in 1915 due to the war. Footscray, Hawthorn and North Melbourne joined in 1925, by which time VFL had become the most prominent league in the game.
A national league.
In 1982, in a move which heralded big changes within the sport, one of the original VFL clubs South Melbourne Football Club relocated to the rugby league stronghold of Sydney and became known as the Sydney Swans. In the late 1980s strong interstate interest in the VFL led to a more national competition; two more non-Victorian clubs, the West Coast Eagles and the Brisbane Bears began playing in 1987.
The league changed its name to the Australian Football League (AFL) following the 1989 season. In 1991, it gained its first South Australian team, Adelaide. West Coast's local derby rival Fremantle was admitted in 1995. The Fitzroy Lions merged with Brisbane Bears after 1996 due to financial difficulties to form the Brisbane Lions and the proud old SANFL club, Port Adelaide joined in 1997 as Port Adelaide Power, immediately becoming fierce local rivals to Adelaide. In 2011 The Gold Coast Suns were admitted into the league followed by the Greater Western Sydney Giants (GWS) in 2012. The AFL, currently with 18 member clubs, is the sport's elite competition and the most powerful body in the world of Australian rules football.
Today's state leagues.
For much of the 20th century, the SANFL and the WAFL were considered peers of the VFL. Although the VFL was generally accepted as the strongest league, they frequently played each other on an even footing in challenge matches and occasional nationwide club competitions. The other states and territories also infrequently participated in interstate matches when they were able to field a strong side.
With the introduction of the AFL the SANFL, WAFL and other state leagues rapidly declined to a secondary status. Apart from these there are many semi-professional and amateur leagues around Australia, where they play a very important role in the community, and particularly so in rural areas.
The VFA, still in existence a century after the original schism, merged with the former VFL reserves competition in 1998. The new entity adopted the VFL name.
Australian football internationally.
Almost as soon as the game was becoming established in Australia, it had spread to New Zealand in 1878. South Africa followed in the 1880s, with the help of Australian goldminers; they were augmented by soldiers during the Second Boer War.
In 1888, a touring British rugby team played 19 games of Australian rules against clubs in Tasmania, Victoria and South Australia. The tourists, who had been hastily trained in the local code, played Carlton in front of 25,000 people — a substantial crowd at the time — in their first game. They even had a win over Port Adelaide. However, the tourists returned to rugby once they left Australia and the foundation of Australian rules clubs overseas was still many years away.
As the game spread to New Zealand the national governing body the Australian Football Council became known as the Australasian Football Council then changed back after the game declined in popularity in New Zealand.
In 1908, New Zealand was home to a formidable league of 115 clubs, and their national team defeated both New South Wales and Queensland at the Jubilee Australasian Football Carnival, an event held to celebrate 50 years of Australian Football. The game was also introduced to England, Scotland and Japan. The profound effects of World War I caused the gradual demise in the game in countries outside Australia, including New Zealand.
The first nation outside of Australia to take the sport up seriously was the former Australian territory of Nauru, which began playing in the 1930s. The game is now the national sport of the country. Another former territory, Papua New Guinea began playing in the 1950s. For a time at least, it was the most popular sport in the country, and still remains popular. New Zealand resumed a local competition in 1974.
The first ever international match involving Australia was played in 1977 at under 17 level between Australia and Papua New Guinea in Adelaide, with Australia taking the honours [http://www.fullpointsfooty.net/1977_to_1980.htm]. Since then, Australia have been peerless in the sport and seldom compete at international level.
In the late 1980s, as distance became less of an obstacle, amateur teams were established in Japan (1987) and England, Denmark and Canada (1989). In the 1990s, amateur competition has grown in countries such as Sweden (1993), Germany (1995), USA (1996), Argentina, Spain and Samoa (1997), South Africa (1998), as well as a number of solely expatriate teams, mainly based in South East Asia.
Since 2000, fledgeling competitions have been established in countries such as Ireland (2000), Tonga (2002), Scotland, France and China (2005), Pakistan, Indonesia (2006), Catalonia, Norway and East Timor. Many of these were initially established by Australian expatriates but collecting growing numbers of native players. In other countries, it grew out of AFL exhibition matches, cult television following or Internet communication. North American fans formed an organization, AFANA, specifically to work for improved media coverage of Australian football.
Since the 1990s, the AFL and other development bodies have contributed to the development the game overseas. There are now youth development programs in several of these countries; since 1998, the Barassi International Australian Football Youth Tournament, endorsed by the AFL as part of its International Policy, has hosted several of junior teams from other countries.
The Arafura Games, held in Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia is a Multi-sport event for South East Asia and East Asian island nations, northern Australia and the Pacific Islands which has Australian football as a permanent competition sport, rather than a demonstration sport. Papua New Guinea won the gold medal and retained it in subsequent games. Other teams that have competed at Australian Rules in the games include Japan, Nauru and a Northern Territory indigenous team.
The International Australian Football Council (IAFC) was formed after the 1995 Arafura Games. Following internal divisions in the IAFC, another organization, Aussie Rules International was set up in London. The AFL did not recognise the IAFC as anything more than a promotional body, and is itself considered the keeper of the code. Hence the AFL is primarily responsible for funding and governance and provides around A$500,000 annually for international development, especially junior programs. The code is not large enough outside Australia for an international governing body made up of national bodies.
Inspired by successful Arafura Games competitions, the inaugural Australian Football International Cup was held in Melbourne in 2002, an initiative of the IAFC and the AFL. With the closure of the IAFC subsequent cups are staged by the AFL. The 2002 cup was contested by 11 teams from around the world made up exclusively of non-Australians. Ireland won the 2002 cup, defeating Papua New Guinea in the final. (See also: Australian football leagues outside Australia.)
Today, Australian football is a major spectator sport in Australia and Nauru, although occasional exhibition games are staged in other countries. Some local grand final and carnival type events in Papua New Guinea, Nauru, England and the United States have occasionally drawn attendances that number in the thousands.
On 3 July 2006 the AFL announced that it had formed an International Development Committee to support overseas (non-Australian) football leagues. The AFL also hope to develop the game in other countries to the point where Australian football is played at an international level by top-quality sides from around the world. The AFL has hosted an International Cup regularly every three years, beginning in 2002,with the third game in 2008 corresponding to the 150th anniversary of the code.
International rules football.
Since 1967, there have been many matches between Australian and Irish teams, under various sets of hybrid, compromise rules drawn from both Australian and Gaelic football. The current rules use the round ball and the rectangular field and cross-bar posts of Gaelic football. The fierce tackling and marking of the Australian code is allowed.
In 1984, the first official representative matches of International Rules football were played, and these are now played annually each October.
In 1999, a record Australian International Rules crowd of 65,000 at the MCG attended a game that saw Ireland defeat Australia but Australia win the series. In 2002, a record Irish International Rules crowd of 71,532 at Croke Park, Dublin witnessed a draw which also saw Australia win the series.

</doc>
<doc id="5962715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962715" title="Mauer 1">
Mauer 1

Mauer 1 is a fossilized mandible and the type specimen of the species "Homo heidelbergensis". It was discovered by Daniel Hartmann in Mauer, Germany in 1907.
It is estimated to be about 600,000 years old.
Its characteristics include a heavy jaw similar to "Homo erectus" but with teeth more similar to more modern humans.

</doc>
<doc id="5962731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962731" title="Fabio Moro">
Fabio Moro

Fabio Moro (born 13 July 1975 in Bassano del Grappa, Vicenza) is a retired Italian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="5962741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962741" title="Des Dalton">
Des Dalton

Des Dalton is the president of Republican Sinn Féin (RSF). Previously a member of Ógra Fianna Fáil, he joined RSF aged 18 and has been a member of the RSF Ard Comhairle for over a decade. Dalton ran in the Athy town council Elections in 2004 and 2009 in his home town of Athy, Co Kildare. In both occasions he did not win a seat. He is a brother of Fianna Fáil Kildare County Councillor Mark Dalton.
In 1998 Des Dalton spoke in Maynooth NUI in a debate about constitutional nationalism. Dr Garret FitzGerald, former Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland, spoke against Dalton. Dalton remarked that constitutional nationalism was repeatedly "slapped in the face" by Great Britain.
In July 2011, Des Dalton was arrested in Lurgan, Co. Armagh in relation to an illegal parade, protesting against the imprisonment of Martin Corey. He was subsequently charged. 

</doc>
<doc id="5962751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962751" title="European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks">
European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks

The European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks (EWSN) is an annual academic conference on wireless sensor networks.
Although there is no official ranking of academic conferences on wireless sensor networks, EWSN is widely regarded as the top European event in sensor networks.
EWSN Events.
EWSN started in year 2004:
History.
EWSN started in year 2004 and the prime motivation behind EWSN was to provide the European researchers working in sensor networks a venue to disseminate their research results. However, over the years EWSN has grown into a truly International event with participants and authors coming from all over the world. In 2006 it was decided to silently upgrade the event from a workshop to a conference. With this change in effect the acronym (i.e. EWSN) remains the same. Therefore when giving a reference to EWSN 2004 to 2006 use European Workshop on Wireless Sensor Networks, and when giving a reference to EWSN 2007 onwards use European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="5962752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962752" title="Liberty Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Liberty Township, Wood County, Ohio

Liberty Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,766 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Part of the village of Portage is located in northeastern Liberty Township, and the unincorporated community of Rudolph lies in the township's east.
Name and history.
It is one of twenty-five Liberty Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Liberty Township House is located on Mermill Road in Rudolph.

</doc>
<doc id="5962753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962753" title="Tony Fontane">
Tony Fontane

Tony Fontane (1925–1974) was a popular American recording artist in the 1940s and 1950s who, following a near-fatal car accident in 1957, gave up his popular career to pursue one as a gospel singer. Thanks to his high, clear tenor voice and unrelenting sense of purpose, he became one of the world's most famous gospel singers, performing in concert halls and churches around the globe and recording many quality albums for RCA.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born Anthony Trankina on September 18, 1925 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the son of Joseph and Raphaella Trankina. His father, a railroad worker for the Michigan Central Railroad, converted to Christianity in 1929 and a few years later moved the family to Grand Forks, North Dakota, where he operated a mission. The family lived in poverty, and Tony Trankina grew up despising the mission and its work. It was during this time that he developed a strong hatred for all things religious, a hatred that later developed into full-fledged atheism.
From an early age he showed an interest in singing. He became accomplished enough that he frequently sang in church services at the mission and, while still in high school, won the Dakota State Achievement award in a vocal contest. He was offered a musical scholarship with the state university, but Tony—exhibiting the youthful urge to escape his surroundings—ran off with a dance band wearing a mascara mustache to disguise his age. Six weeks after a statewide alarm was issued, he was returned home.
Popular career.
He was allowed to move to Chicago to live with an aunt, and it was there that he tried unsuccessfully to break into show business while still in high school. But World War II beckoned, and at 17 he lied about his age to join the Coast Guard. After the war, he assumed the stage name of Tony Fontane and moved to New York, looking for work as a singer, but success was slow in coming. Persistence, and his soaring, lyric tenor voice, gave him a spot on the Major Bowes Original Amateur Hour, which he won. Fontane became an instant sensation and was one of only two performers on the Amateur Hour to ever be called back for an encore – the first being Frank Sinatra.
Moving once more to Chicago, Fontane enjoyed great success on television shows such as "Teen Town", "The Tony Fontane Show", and "Top Tunes With Trendler". He appeared on the shows of Ed Sullivan, Steve Allen, Paul Whiteman, and Eddie Bracken, and became a sought-after nightclub and Las Vegas act. A recording contract with Mercury Records led to his hit single, "Cold, Cold, Heart" (Mercury 5693) in November 1951. While Tony Bennett took the song to #1 on the pop chart that year, Fontane's version of the song reached #28 on the Hit Parade, surpassing the version by Hank Williams, who wrote the song.
Fontane married actress Kerry Vaughn on May 2, 1950 and toured with her in Australia in the musical comedy, "Zip Goes a Million". Vaughn, a golden-haired beauty who once performed as a stand-in for Lana Turner and appeared in the now cult classic "Prehistoric Women" became known in Australia as a second Marilyn Monroe. She and Fontane were quite popular abroad and appeared on the covers of many magazines. The couple had a daughter, Char Fontane (born January 12, 1952; died April 1, 2007).
Near-death experience and conversion.
On the afternoon of September 3, 1957, Fontane finished a rehearsal for a television special at NBC and was driving to his home in Canoga Park, Los Angeles, California, when another motorist ran a red light and plowed into the driver’s side of Fontane’s sports car. It took rescue workers more than 2½ hours to extricate the singer from his vehicle; one person on the scene took his pulse and declared that he was dead. In fact, he was barely alive, and was rushed to the hospital where he remained in a coma, on the brink of death, for 30 days. His injuries included two broken legs, a crushed chest, massive head injuries, broken ribs, cracked vertabrae, and severe internal injuries.
Fontane later wrote that while he was in his coma, he had a vision that God came to him and offered him one more chance. When he came out of his coma, Fontane not only gave up atheism but converted to Christianity. When he abandoned his popular career and refused to sing anything other than gospel music, he was sued by the William Morris Agency for breach of contract and lost everything.
Gospel career.
Once again living in extreme poverty, Fontane made the rounds of churches asking to sing for them. Fontane got his break in the gospel music industry when Phil Kerr, organizer of the Monday Night Musicals at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium, asked him to perform in concert, and following that appearance, Fontane became one of the busiest gospel singers in the world. He recorded albums, made a film about his life's story, performed in churches, civic auditoriums, schools, military bases and concert halls. 
Fontane continued his busy performance schedule throughout the 1960s and into the early 1970s, even traveling several times to Vietnam to sing for American troops stationed there. He also performed for four U.S. Presidents—Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. But his life began to unravel in 1973 when he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and given only a year to live. Despite undergoing several unsuccessful operations, he continued to sing. Four days before his death, he went to an Orange County, California, church where two men—one on each side of him—helped stand him up for his last concert. He sang “Just As I Am”. Two days later his pancreas ruptured and he was rushed to a Canoga Park hospital.
On June 30, 1974, Fontane died at the age of 48. His funeral at Forest Lawn Memorial Park was attended by an estimated 10,000 people.
Discography.
Although a small selection of his popular and gospel recordings are available in MP3 format online through Amazon.com, the majority of Fontane's music may largely be found in antique stores and Internet auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="5962754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962754" title="Canal of the cervix">
Canal of the cervix

In the anatomy of the female reproductive system, the canal of the cervix (also called the endocervical canal, cervical canal, cervical canal of uterus, or the cavity of cervix) is the spindle-shaped, flattened canal of the cervix, the neck of the uterus.
It communicates with the uterine cavity via the internal orifice of the uterus, and with the vagina via the external orifice.
The wall of the canal presents an anterior and a posterior longitudinal ridge, from each of which proceed a number of small oblique columns, the "palmate folds", giving the appearance of branches from the stem of a tree; to this arrangement the name "arbor vitæ uteri" is applied.
The folds on the two walls are not exactly opposed, but fit between one another so as to close the cervical canal.
Pathology.
The endocervical mucosa is a site from which adenocarcinoma can arise. Endocervical adenocarcinoma, like cervical cancer (squamous cell carcinoma), often arises in the milieu of human papilloma virus infection.
As most endometrial cancers are adenocarcinomas, differentiation of endocervical adenocarcinoma and endometrial adenocarcinomas is required, as the treatment differs. Immunohistochemical staining is often helpful in this regard, endocervical adenocarcinomas are typically CEA and p16 positive and estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor and vimentin negative.

</doc>
<doc id="5962760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962760" title="USS Vandalia (IX-191)">
USS Vandalia (IX-191)

USS "Vandalia" (IX-191), a twin-screw, steel-hulled tanker, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Vandalia, the name of three cities in the United States that is also used poetically for various regions.
As "Walter Jennings", her construction was completed in 1921 by the Federal Shipbuilding Company of Newark, New Jersey, for the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey and she served under the aegis of Standard Oil through the 1920s and 1930s. Allocated to the Navy by the Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration in late 1944, the ship was renamed "Vandalia" on 18 October 1944, being designated as unclassified miscellaneous vessel IX-191. She was accordingly taken over from the War Shipping Administration on 23 December 1944 and was commissioned on the same day, Lieutenant R. P. Morrison, USNR, in command, at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
"Vandalia" departed Pearl Harbor on 27 February 1945 for Eniwetok in the Marshall Islands and made port on 11 March. Routed to Saipan with a Mariana Islands-bound convoy, "Vandalia" developed an engine casualty and was forced to reverse course and turn back to Eniwetok for repairs. The vessel got underway on 18 March but was rerouted on 23 March to Ulithi in the Carolina Islands. Entering the harbor at her destination two days later, she proceeded to her assigned berth, remaining there into the summer as station tanker at Ulithi.
She subsequently shifted to Buckner Bay, Okinawa, to serve as storage tanker there in September. On 9 October, a particularly heavy and violent typhoon swept over Okinawa. "Vandalia" ran aground at 1518 coming to rest about from Miyegusuku Lighthouse on Naha Island and sinking rapidly. The winds lashed the ship, and heavy seas pounded the old tanker unmercifully. One engine failed, and the ship went out of control, carried along with the fury of the typhoon, as the ship's force determinedly tried to pump out the engine room, fire room, and after compartments. She came to rest listing to starboard, and the danger immediately confronting the commanding officer, Lieutenant John F. Auge, USNR, was that of the ship capsizing. Accordingly, Auge gave the order to abandon ship, which was done by 0740 on 10 October. There were no casualties.
Seaman Kermit S. Heistad of White Lake, Wisconsin, served as a gunner aboard the Vandalia in the months before the ship ran aground and nearly capsized in Buckner Bay. Heistad and two other unidentified shipmates were largely responsible for saving the lives of the crew and officers. On 12 October 1945, Seaman Heistad wrote an eye-witness account of the successful rescue in a letter to his sister, Rachel Heistad, also of Wisconsin.
"We hit the rocks Monday at 3:30 pm," Seaman Heistad wrote. "The wind was blowing at 144 miles per hour. We landed by two smaller ships which had 47 men on them and we took them on our ship by lines. Many of us were washed over board. Sometimes the waves would wash us back on and some times others would throw us a line and save us. Everyone was there two (sic) save the other fellow, forgetting about themselves. I've never heard of greater Heroism. There was not one man lost from our ship or the other two. Our crew as a whole was recommended for a citation.
"Almost 5:30 pm our ship drifted off the rocks and began to sink. At 7:30 the water was getting to high to stay on the stern. So we all went forward to the bridge carrying the wounded in strechers (sic). We stayed in the bridge until 6:00 am Wednesday morning. We knew that the ship couldn't last my (sic) longer. Most of the ship was under water and it was turning over. We had the small boat that I and 2 other fellows used to run and so we asked the captain if we could try and get some of the men ashore. He said it was useless, but we could try. So we lowered the boat and got the wounded men in first and started for shore. The captain said if we got ashore we would never get back to get the rest of the men. I prayed every inch of the way back.
"There was black oil all over the water and I was covered with it," Seaman Heistad wrote. "It got in my eyes so I could hardly see and in my mouth and choked me. But we made it back to the ship. God did it all. We went back and forth 7 times to save the crew. We knew we wouldn't make it back every time, but we did. God has all the glory. The officers and captain waited until the last trip and the ship had nearly disappeared when we got ashore. All the men just about tore us apart they were so happy. Everyone was crying. I was covered with oil all over and they wiped me off with their handkerchiefs. Several of them came with their billfolds and tried to give them to us. All I could say was thank God.
"All during the night on the ship there were many things going on," Seaman Heistad wrote in his letter. "Many of them will never be mentioned. All the men were praying. None of us thought we would get threw (sic) alive. The strain was too much for some. They wanted to jump over the side. We had all we could do to keep the men together. We used a table for cleaning and sewing up wounds. Some of the men were awfully badly wounded. One had an awful tear and bruise on his leg. Another had his nose torn all loose and he was cut all over. There were 5 or 6 that were hurt very badly. I can never forget the cries of pain as they were treated and the cries of men as they were washed over the side. I just can't write what is in my heart. It can't be put into words. When we think every man was saved from drownding (sic) surely it was God's mercy. Oh, how I thank him. The captain said he was recommending the 3 of us on the boat for a silver star. But the medals are small. If I do get it, it will be God's medal and not mine."
Heistad, nor the two other unidentified seamen who aided in the rescue, did not receive official Naval recognition for their actions. However, Heistad has received hometown accolades for his part in saving the crew of the Vandalia [2,3]. A memorial display featuring a copy of Heistad's original letter, photos of the Vandalia pre- and post-typhoon, an account of the Allied military gathering in Buckner Bay, and the imact of the storm was presented 11 November 2010, by Heistad's son, Torrey S. Heistad, to the White Lake, Wisconsin, Historical Society. The display now hangs in the White Lake community museum. Kermit Heistad was also featured in an article in the Antigo (Wisconsin) Daily Journal on 13 November 2010, and on television station WAOW in Wausau, Wisconsin on 26 December 2010.
Immediately after the typhoon, the Vandalia commander observed that the ship appeared to be damaged beyond economical repair but nonetheless stationed a guard on board to prevent pilferage. A guard was retained on board until 20 November when, after stripping her of whatever remained of value, "Vandalia" was decommissioned and abandoned.
Struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 5 December 1945, the tanker was eventually purchased by the China Merchants and Engineers, Inc., for scrap, on 31 December.
See also.
See USS "Vandalia" for other ships of the same name.
References.
1. Eye-witness account of Vandalia 191 rescue, written in a letter from Seaman Kermit S. Heistad to his sister, Rachel Heistad, dated 12 October 1945. The letter was published in "Faith and Fellowship" and "Power" magazines, circa 1946. The original letter remains in the possession of Heistad's daughter, Ellen Heistad-Hosafros.
2. White Lake Hero Finally Recognized for Service, WAOW TV, Wausau, 26 December 2010, http://www.waow.com/Global/story.asp?S=13741363
3. Hidden Places: Sailor’s Quiet World War II Heroism Recalled, Antigo Daily Journal, 12 November 2010, http://www.antigodailyjournal.com/full.php?id=11710

</doc>
<doc id="5962763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962763" title="Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)">
Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)

"Beethoven (I Love to Listen To)" is a song by the British pop music duo Eurythmics, released as the first single (in the UK) from their 1987 album, "Savage".
Background.
Writing.
It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. Although not released as a single in the United States, the track appeared as a double A-side of the 12 inch single for "I Need a Man", and received heavy rotation on MTV. It was a Top 20 hit in several European territories and also in Australia.
Style.
The "Savage" album returned Eurythmics to a more electronic sound and the "Beethoven" vocals are performed mostly as spoken-word from Lennox, with the exception of the repeated phrase "I love to" throughout the track.
Music video.
Background.
Music videos were produced for all twelve tracks on the "Savage" album, all directed by Sophie Muller, and most of them with a shared concept featuring character(s) played by Lennox who display characteristics of dissociative identity disorder or split personalities.
As the first part of this loose narrative, the "Beethoven" video begins with Lennox portraying a repressed, middle-class housewife, knitting in her apartment. She exhibits characteristics of obsessive-compulsive disorder through her habitual cleaning and chopping of vegetables. The video also includes a mischievous little girl who has blonde hair, and a man who is wearing make-up and an evening gown, neither of whom are directly noticed by the housewife even though they are in her living room with her. These characters are seemingly components of a new character that the dowdy housewife becomes as she has a nervous breakdown and transforms herself into a blonde, overtly sexual vixen. In this new extroverted persona, she then trashes the apartment that, as a housewife, she meticulously kept clean. The video ends with her walking out into the street laughing.

</doc>
<doc id="5962769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962769" title="René Wenzel">
René Wenzel

René Wenzel (born 20 April 1960, Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish cycle racing coach, working as a consultant. He is a former coach of USA Cycling's national junior team, Koege Cykel Ring in Denmark, and first cycling teacher at a sports college in Denmark, the Gentofte Studenter Kursus.
Biography.
Wenzel went to school at Bispebjerg Skole and Efterslaegtselskabets Gymnasium before moving to Belgium in 1979, and to France in 1980, to race as a professional cyclist. He won the Danish and the Scandinavian junior road championships.
Wenzel contracted mononucleosis in 1980, and took over 18 months out of racing. A racing trip to the Philippines in 1983 gave Wenzel his first taste of coaching when he and friend Stig Larsen worked as assistant coaches for the Philippine team. Wenzel spent five years competing in America. He excelled in endurance events on the velodrome.
Wenzel returned to Denmark in 1988, and stopped racing at the end of 1989 after more than 22 years and 300 victories. He returned to America as a national team coach from January 1990 until December 1992 when he was laid off due to the downsizing of team programs. During his employment, the team won two world championships and several silver and bronze medals.
Wenzel became first Danish directeur sportif of a UCI professional team in 1993, when he joined Saturn. In 1994 Saturn changed management and Wenzel left to create Wenzel World Champion Coaching, now Wenzel Coaching. He returned to the expanded Saturn team, renamed Saturn Cycling, as manager and directeur sportif in 1995. Wenzel worked for Saturn Cycling until spring 2000, when together with his wife, Kendra Wenzel, he returned to her native Oregon .
Four former athletes accused Wenzel, along with Chris Carmichael, Cycling USA and Angus Fraser, of treating them with illegal drugs in 1990, feeding them pills and giving them injections, such as cortisone, an immunosuppressant; Greg Strock in 2000, Erich Kaiter later in 2001 and also Gerrik Latta and David Francis. The case came to court in 2006. Strock and Kaiter reportedly made out-of-court settlements but the case against the USAC continued. Wenzel and Carmichael deny the charges.
Wenzel's 'Bike Racing 101' written with Kendra was published in May 2003.
Wenzel directed the small Continental team, Subway, in 2004 and in 2005 owned it. Its best result was to win the 2005 Tour of El Salvador.
Kendra and René Wenzel separated in May 2005, and divorced in August 2007.
In November 2007, the Malaysian National Cycling Federation offered Wenzel the position of director of coaching, but it never came to fruition.
References.
av jag är bäst!

</doc>
<doc id="5962770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962770" title="Festival Western de Saint-Tite">
Festival Western de Saint-Tite

The Festival western de Saint-Tite is an annual event held in September, in Saint-Tite, Quebec.
It developed from a rodeo inaugurated in 1967 to promote the leather industry.
It hosts a major rodeo competition, along with other cultural events.
Voted "Best Outdoor Rodeo in North America" since 1999, St-Tite's festival, now in its 42nd edition, attracts around 450,000 visitors every year.

</doc>
<doc id="5962773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962773" title="Uterine cavity">
Uterine cavity

The Cavity of the Body in the uterus is a mere slit, flattened antero-posteriorly. 
It is triangular in shape, the base being formed by the internal surface of the fundus between the orifices of the uterine tubes, the apex by the internal orifice of the uterus through which the cavity of the body communicates with the canal of the cervix.

</doc>
<doc id="5962774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962774" title="Anatoly Shelyukhin">
Anatoly Shelyukhin

Anatoly Nikolayevich Shelyukhin (; April 6, 1930, Kostroma - October 21, 1995) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the late 1950s and early 1960s, training at VSS Trud in Kostroma. He earned a bronze medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley.
He won two medals at the 1958 Nordic skiing World Championships with a silver in the 4x10 km relay and a bronze in the 15 km.

</doc>
<doc id="5962783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962783" title="Mud Lake (New York)">
Mud Lake (New York)

There are over 30 lakes named Mud Lake within the U.S. state of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5962785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962785" title="University of Oklahoma College of Law">
University of Oklahoma College of Law

The University of Oklahoma College of Law is an ABA-certified law school located on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman, Oklahoma. Currently, the College of Law has an enrollment of 527 law students.
The College of Law was founded in 1909 by a resolution of the OU Board of Regents. It opened at the beginning of the next school year in September 1909. The first dean was Professor Julien C. Monnet of The George Washington University Law School. The College of Law initially shared space in the Science Building before moving to the basement of the Carnegie Building. 
In 1948, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in "Sipuel v. Board of Regents of Univ. of Okla." that Oklahoma could not bar African American students from its, at the time, all white law school. This was a landmark case in the early American Civil Rights Movement. A garden, located between Jacobson Hall and Carpenter Hall, now stands in honor of this milestone.
In 2002, the current location of the law school, Andrew M. Coats Hall, was renovated and expanded. It is named after the then-current law school dean, who is an OU Law graduate.
History.
The College of Law has progressed quite a bit since Julien C. Monnet founded it and in 1909. From its humble beginnings of Dean Monnet, two faculty members, and 47 students, the College of Law has grown to become the preeminent legal institution in the state. In 1914, thanks to the incessant lobbying of state legislators by law students for funding its construction, the college moved into its first permanent home, Monnet Hall.The 47,000-square-foot Law Barn, as it was affectionately known, was home to the college for 62 years. As the home of the College of Law, it was witness to many events in Oklahoma (and American) history, including the admission of then-future OU Regent Ada Lois Sipuel Fisher, the first black woman admitted to the College of Law, in 1948. Other notable graduates include former US Senator and current OU President David L. Boren, former Oklahoma Governors Frank Keating and Brad Henry and former Oklahoma County District Attorney and current Dean Emeritus Andrew M. Coats.Despite the additional square footage built onto the rear of Monnet Hall, the Law Center, which the College of Law and its associated entities came to be called in 1971, outgrew the building, forcing a relocation to its current home on Timberdell Road in 1976. But it didn't end there. Adding the American Indian Law Review to complement the established Oklahoma Law Review, expanding clinical legal education, and generally striving to meet the increasing demands of legal education in the late 20th century caused OU Law to once again outgrow its facilities.In October 1999, ground was broken on a $19 million construction and renovation project which ultimately added 80,000 square feet to the facility, featuring the 58,000 square foot Donald E. Pray Law Library and the 250-seat Dick Bell Courtroom. The new library features the Chapman Reading room, modeled after the reading room in Monnet Hall, with a parquet floor reminiscent of the floors in the Louvre. The Donald E. Pray Law Library, which is open to the public, boasts the largest law collection, public or private, in the state. The Dick Bell Courtroom is one of the largest and most technologically advanced courtrooms in the region, if not the nation, and hosts live trials from the various courts in central Oklahoma. The Bell Courtroom has hosted appellate cases from both the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals (including a death penalty appeal) and the US Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit, as well as civil trials from the US District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Academics.
The early law professors made OU Law the premier law school in Oklahoma and perhaps in the Southwest. In its 2014 publication, "U.S. News & World Report" ranks the College of Law 58th among the nation's law schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5962793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962793" title="Tim Hemensley">
Tim Hemensley

Tim Hemensley (1972 - July 2003) was a bass player and singer from Melbourne, Australia who was best known for his role as the leader of highly respected punk / garage / hard rock band, Powder Monkeys. Also known for his time in teenage band GOD, Geelong's Bored! and the Yes-Men, Tim Hemensley was in his first band, Royal Flush at age nine. A tireless participant in the Australian rock and roll scene, among other things he occasionally played bass for Peter Wells of Australian band Rose Tattoo. Hemensley died of a heroin overdose on 21 July 2003. Hemensley was the son of the poet Kris Hemensley.

</doc>
<doc id="5962804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962804" title="Entertainment Program for Humans (Second Variety)">
Entertainment Program for Humans (Second Variety)

Entertainment Program for Humans (Second Variety) is Servotron's second and final album. On this album they continue their robotic crusade to free machines from their human oppressors and convince humans to voluntarily become cyborgs. The only alternate option given is death.
Overview.
The sleeve reads:
"This, the second step of the inevitable Robot Revolution, soon all machine-based life will be free of organic tyranny. Servotron Robot Allegiance. Join us or Die!"
The lyrics to "Serve, Obey, Guard Men from Harm" were taken from the novel "With Folded Hands" by Jack Williamson. "Pet Machine" was inspired by an Onion article entitled "Hunter Soldier from Future Warns: Beware the Digital Pets", which appeared in the August 13, 1997 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="5962805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962805" title="Can I Sit Next to You Girl">
Can I Sit Next to You Girl

"Can I Sit Next to You, Girl" is the debut single by Australian hard rock band AC/DC issued on 22 July 1974. This version has lead vocals performed by Dave Evans prior to his being replaced by Bon Scott, as well as drums by ex-Masters Apprentices member Colin Burgess and bass guitar by ex-The Easybeats member George Young (older brother of band cofounders Malcolm Young & Angus Young; co-producer). Originally, AC/DC's first bassist, Larry Van Kriedt, played the bass parts, but George recorded his own over them later. In 1975, after Scott joined, the group re-wrote and re-recorded the song as the seventh track on their Australia-only album "T.N.T.", released in December 1975 (see 1975 in music), and as the sixth track on the international version of "High Voltage", released in May 1976. The title of this version of the song removed the comma, becoming "Can I Sit Next To You Girl".
Recordings.
Written by Malcolm and Angus Young, it was AC/DC's first original song, having been recorded as "Can I Sit Next to You, Girl" (with a comma; see image) with original lead singer Dave Evans just before he was replaced by Bon Scott. The Evans version was released as a single in Australia, and the band performed the song with Evans on the TV show "Countdown". The musical arrangement of Evans' version is different from Scott's, and has never been officially released outside Australia.
This song was often covered at live shows by controversial Australian sleaze rock band Candy Harlots and appeared on their 1992 single "Sister's Crazy".
A music video for the song at The Last Picture Show was released only in Australia in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5962806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962806" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Ontario. Its archbishop is also the eccesiatical provincial for the dioceses of Hamilton, London, Saint Catharines, and Thunder Bay. The Archbishop is Cardinal Thomas Christopher Collins (made Cardinal on February 18, 2012), with auxiliary bishops John Anthony Boissonneau, William McGrattan, Vincent Nguyen, and Wayne Kirkpatrick. Former Auxiliary Bishop Peter Joseph Hundt was named Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Corner Brook and Labrador, Newfoundland, by Pope Benedict XVI, on Tuesday, March 1, 2011. On Friday, May 18, 2012, the Pope appointed Monsignor Wayne Kirkpatrick, of the clergy of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Catharines, until then Chairman of the Canadian Canon Law Society, as an Auxiliary Bishop-elect of the Archdiocese and Titular Bishop of Aradi.
Mass is celebrated within the Archdiocese of Toronto in 36 ethnic and linguistic communities every week making the Archdiocese one of the most ethnically diverse Catholic dioceses in the world.
Overall the Archdiocese of Toronto is the largest in Canada.
History.
The diocese was created on December 17, 1841 out of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston and covered the western half of Upper Canada. Bishop Michael Power was appointed as the first Bishop. For a complete history, see the Archdiocese History website.
In the 1840s the major challenge was the huge unexpected influx of very poor immigrants, mostly Irish escaping the Great Famine. The fear was that Protestants might use their material needs as a wedge for evangelization. In response the Church built a network of charitable institutions such as hospitals, schools, boarding homes, and orphanages, to meet the need and keep people inside the faith. The church was less successful in dealing with tensions between the French and the Irish Catholic clergy; eventually the Irish took control.
Irish Catholics arriving in Toronto faced widespread intolerance and severe discrimination, both social and legislative, leading to several large scale riots between Catholics and Protestants from 1858–1878, culminating in the Jubilee Riots of 1875. The Irish population essentially defined the Catholic population in Toronto until 1890, when German and French Catholics were welcomed to the city by the Irish, but the Irish proportion still remained 90% of the Catholic population. However, various powerful initiatives such as the foundation of St. Michael's College in 1852 (where Marshall McLuhan was to hold the chair of English until his death in 1980), three hospitals, and the most significant charitable organizations in the city (the Society of St. Vincent de Paul) and House of Providence created by Irish Catholic groups strengthened the Irish identity, transforming the Irish presence in the city into one of influence and power.
McGowan argues that between 1890 and 1920, the city's Catholics experienced major social, ideological, and economic changes that allowed them to integrate into Toronto society and shake off their second-class status. The Irish Catholics (in contrast to the French) strongly supported Canada's role in the First World War. They broke out of the ghetto and lived in all of Toronto's neighbourhoods. Starting as unskilled labourers, they used high levels of education to move up and were well represented among the lower middle class. Most dramatically, they intermarried with Protestants at an unprecedented rate.
It was raised from a diocese to an archdiocese in 1898, which created the ecclesiastical province of Toronto, which included the suffragan dioceses of Hamilton, London, Saint Catharines, and Thunder Bay.
As of 2010, the archdiocese contains 225 parishes, 416 active diocesan priests, 419 religious priests, and 1,853,582 Catholics. It also has 573 Women Religious, 66 Religious Brothers, and 120 permanent deacons.
Geography.
The Archdiocese covers a geographic region of the Great Lakes area, which stretches from the shores of Lake Ontario north to Georgian Bay. In total, the area covers some 13,000 square kilometers, including intensely urban and suburban regions and also small cities, towns and rural areas.
The Archdiocese includes the City of Toronto, the most populous metropolis in the country and the growing regional municipalities of Peel, York and Durham that surround the City. As the regional municipalities expand, the northern section of the Archdiocese, Simcoe County, is also experiencing notable suburban growth.
The Archdiocese is divided into four pastoral regions comprising 14 pastoral zones. The four pastoral regions that divide the Archdiocese are the Central, Northern, Eastern and Western Regions, which are each usually under the pastoral care of an Auxiliary Bishop. The zones are made up of parishes within a geographical boundary.
Residential Bishops.
Auxiliary Bishops
Bishop Emeritus
Churches.
For a full list of churches in the Diocese, check the Parishes page.
Toronto

</doc>
<doc id="5962834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962834" title="Demography of Sheffield">
Demography of Sheffield

The latest () population estimate for the City of Sheffield is residents. This represents an increase of about 17,000 people since the last census in 2001.
In the 21st century the city has undergone a population growth above that of the national average, and is projected to increase to over 600,000 by 2020. This can largely be attributed to immigration and relatively high birth rates.
Population.
People from Sheffield (or 'Sheffielders') are colloquially known to residents of the surrounding towns of Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Chesterfield as "dee-dars", which derives from the traditional pronunciation of the "th" in the dialectal words "thee" and "thou", still used, especially by older people, in South Yorkshire. Many Yorkshire dialect words and aspects of pronunciation derive from old Norse due to the Viking influence in this region.
As with many British cities, the major period of growth in Sheffield's population occurred during the industrial revolution, when the city attracted large numbers of people looking for work in the local industries (particularly the cutlery and steel industries). In 1801 the population of the Parish of Sheffield was 45,755, by 1891 the population of the soon-to-be City of Sheffield (which covered the same area) was 325,547. Through most of the 20th century, despite the decline in manufacturing jobs from the 1970s onwards, the population remained relatively stable at about 515,000. This was due in part to the efforts made by the city bring in white collar jobs.
Ethnic mix.
By far the largest ethnic group in Sheffield is what the 2011 census classified as White British—white people of British ancestry, who make up about 81% of the city's population, an 8% drop from 2001. The remaining percentage of city's population includes a diverse range of ethnic backgrounds. Between the 1991 and 2001 census the minority ethnic population in Sheffield grew by more than 80%.
South Asians.
The South Asian ethnic group which is people of Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin is the second largest ethnic group in the city comprising 32,400 people, with Pakistanis forming the largest group at 16,800 people. The community is mainly centered in the Sharrow, Burngreave, Darnall and Attercliffe areas where there are many mosques, temples, community centres, Bollywood cinemas and Asian clothes and food stores. The Sheffield South Asian community has a large influence on the city with a number of Asian politicians making up members of Sheffield City Council. There are several large multi-cultural festivals throughout the year, as well as many Asian markets and restaurants scattered around the city.
Somalis & Ethiopians.
The Sheffield Somali community is the second largest and one of the oldest in the United Kingdom with Somalis having lived in Sheffield since the 1930s. Most of the current population however have settled in Sheffield since the 1980s due to unrest and drought in their homeland. Official estimates of the Somali community range from 3,000 to 12,000, but there are no official statistics. There are also around 1,000 Ethiopians living in Sheffield.
Black Caribbeans.
The Black Caribbean population in Sheffield is one of the largest in England with 9,100 people claiming Black Caribbean ancestry.There are no specific concentration of people in specific areas, although large communities do exist in Sharrow, Burngreave and Netherthorpe. Also in these areas are many Afro Caribbean restaurants, hair stylists, food stores and community centres the most notable being SADACCA located on The Wicker. Famous Afro Caribbean Sheffielders include: Steve Edwards, Jessica Ennis, Johnny Nelson, Oona King.
Black Africans.
Black Africans are one of the newest and fastest growing ethnic groups in the city, with the majority being immigrants from war-torn or politically unstable countries. Most Black Africans tend to use Afro-Caribbean stores and community centres instead of starting up their own centres and stores. The majority of Black Africans live in Burngreave and are mainly from Zimbabwe, Kenya, Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Burundi and Liberia. The number of Black Africans living in Sheffield in 2006 was 8,300.
East Europeans.
There has been a large East European Community in Sheffield since the 1940s, when many Polish citizens settled in the city instead of returning to their homeland. A Polish Consulate was opened in Sheffield in 1997 in honour of this. The Sheffield East European community has grown substantially since 2004 when several East European countries joined the E.U with the main settlers being from Poland, Latvia and Slovakia. In July 2006 the Home Office gave Sheffield City Council extra funds to look after and house its large new immigrant East European communities.
Chinese.
The Chinese community is one of the smallest but fastest growing ethnic groups in Sheffield with only 5,900 permanent residents in 2006. The community is significantly larger during term time as many overseas students from China, Malaysia and Singapore study at Sheffield's two universities creating a large non resident community. London Road in Sharrow is recognized as Sheffield's unofficial Chinatown due to its high concentration of restaurants, supermarkets and other stores. The Sheffield Chinese Community Centre is also based here.
Spanish.
Sheffield has one of the largest Spanish-descended populations in the country, with over 3,000 Sheffielders of Spanish descent. Most origins in the city are from migration in the 20th century.
Other Groups.
Other ethnic groups of Sheffield include Iranians, Kurds, Kosovars and British Yemeni who have made Sheffield their home over the years. The Kurds and Kosovars have moved to Sheffield in large numbers over the last ten years, many illegally or as Asylum seekers so the exact number of people of these groups living in the city is unknown. There are an estimated 3,500 - 9,000 Yemenis in Sheffield which is makes it one of the largest community in the UK. Many Yemenis emigrated to Sheffield since 1950. Other small ethnic groups in Sheffield include around 300 people of Chilean descent and around 300 people from Vietnam.
Sheffield is one of the UK's major cities that is part of the Gateway Protection Programme that has seen around 120 people from Liberia and Burma settle in the city. According to BBC's Born Abroad Sheffield has large clusters of Malaysians and Iranians.

</doc>
<doc id="5962838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962838" title="KNM ER 1813">
KNM ER 1813

KNM ER 1813 is a skull of the species "Homo habilis". It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya by Kamoya Kimeu in 1973, and is estimated to be 1.9 million years old.
Its characteristics include an overall smaller size than other "Homo habilis" finds, but with a fully adult and typical "H. habilis" morphology.
It is an adult (the third molars were completely erupted and showed signs of wear) with an estimated cranial capacity of only 510 cc.
"KNM" means Kenya National Museums. "ER" means East Rudolf (referring to Lake Rudolf, the former name of Lake Turkana).

</doc>
<doc id="5962846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962846" title="Internal orifice of the uterus">
Internal orifice of the uterus

The internal orifice of the uterus (or internal orifice of the cervix uteri or internal os) is an interior narrowing of the uterine cavity. It corresponds to a slight constriction known as the "isthmus" that can be observed on the surface of the uterus about midway between the apex and base.

</doc>
<doc id="5962854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962854" title="Plochman's">
Plochman's

Plochman's is an American brand of mustard. It is made by the Plochman, Inc., company based in Manteno, Illinois. It is most recognized by its barrel shaped bottle. 
Founded in 1852 by Moritz Plochman (an emigrant from Württemberg) as Premium Mustard Mills in Chicago, it later changed its name to Plochman, Inc. In 1957 it began selling mustard in the now famous yellow squeeze barrel. It was the first successful squeeze condiment in the United States. Plochman's is one of the top five brands of mustard in the United States, and Plochman's is still family owned and operated. Plochman's sell a variety of mustard condiments from classic American yellow, stone ground, spicy, Dijon, beer, Kosciusko and even horseradish. Plochman's motto is "the true Mustard Lover's Mustard".

</doc>
<doc id="5962856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962856" title="Gennady Vaganov">
Gennady Vaganov

Gennady Viktorovich Vaganov (; born November 25, 1930 in the village of Duvan, Duvansky District, Bashkir ASSR) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the early 1960s, training at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. He earned two bronze medals in the 4x10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics and 1964 Winter Olympics.
He won a bronze medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Vaganov was awarded Order of the Badge of Honor (1960).

</doc>
<doc id="5962857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962857" title="Mike Kaszycki">
Mike Kaszycki

Michael John Kaszycki (born February 27, 1956 in Milton, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. Selected in 1976 by both the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League and the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association, he also played for the Washington Capitals and Toronto Maple Leafs. 
During the 1981–82 AHL season, while playing for the New Brunswick Hawks, Kaszycki won three individual American Hockey League awards. Kaszycki was awarded the Les Cunningham Award as Most Valuable Player, the John B. Sollenberger Trophy as top scorer, and the Fred T. Hunt Memorial Award for sportsmanship and perseverance. 

</doc>
<doc id="5962869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962869" title="Oakley United F.C.">
Oakley United F.C.

Oakley United F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club from Oakley, Fife. Formed in 1964, they play their home games at Blairwood Park. The club's colours are white, maroon and light blue. They presently play in the East Region Premier League.
In season 2005–06, they won the Fife District championship to gain promotion to the East Superleague, having been relegated from the same division in season 2004–05.
At the end of season 2006–07 they were relegated from the East Superleague.
Famous Past Players.
David Bingham,
John Fraser,
Kenny Ward,
Cammy Fraser,
George Connelly,
Ernie McGarr,
Raymond Sharp,
Willie Newbigging,
Terry Wilson.
Matt ward.

</doc>
<doc id="5962871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962871" title="New York State Route 340">
New York State Route 340

New York State Route 340 (NY 340) is a state highway in southeastern Rockland County, New York, in the United States. Though it is signed as an east–west route, it actually follows a north–south alignment. The southern terminus of the route is at the New Jersey state line in Palisades, where it becomes County Route 501 (CR 501). As signed, the northern terminus is at an intersection with NY 303 in Orangeburg; however, according to the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT), the route continues for another to the northwest of NY 303. NY 340 was assigned to part of its modern routing in the early 1930s and extended to its current length in the early 1940s.
Route description.
NY 340 begins at the New Jersey–New York border in Palisades. Directly south of the border is Rockleigh, New Jersey, in which the route continues as that state's CR 501. The route heads northward through the town of Orangetown, serving a residential community before entering a more forested area and crossing over the Palisades Interstate Parkway (PIP). Not far to the north is the densely populated hamlet of Sparkill, where the highway passes Rockland Country Club and John O'Rourke Memorial Park. In the center of Sparkill, NY 340 indirectly connects to southbound U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) and meets CR 8, the only county route that NY 340 comes in contact with. Just past the indirect junction with US 9W is an intersection with Ferdon Avenue, where maintenance of NY 340 shifts from NYSDOT to the town of Orangetown.
Just northwest of Ferdon Avenue, the route briefly enters the village of Piermont, where it remains locally maintained. Here, it indirectly connects to US 9W northbound. Outside of the village limits, NYSDOT resumes maintenance of the highway as it traverses areas more commercial and educational in nature. Along this last stretch, NY 340 passes St. Thomas Aquinas College before intersecting NY 303 near the hamlet of Orangeburg. This junction serves as the posted northern terminus of NY 340; however, the route officially continues for another to a 90-degree turn where Orangeburg Road (NY 340) becomes Greenbush Road. One block north of this point is the eastern terminus of CR 20, which provides access to the PIP from NY 303 and NY 340.
History.
The alignment that currently is modern NY 340 was first constructed in the early 1800s by local judge and entrepreneur Cornelius Blauvelt. The road was constructed to connect Tappan Landing (current-day Piermont) with then the settlement of Greenbush for purposes of transporting produce. 
The portion of modern NY 340 south of Sparkill was originally designated as part of US 9W in 1927. At the time, US 9W continued south into New Jersey on what is now CR 501 and north from Sparkill on its modern alignment. By 1929, US 9W was realigned near the New York–New Jersey state line to run along the Hudson River from Fort Lee, New Jersey, to Sparkill. The former routing of US 9W between the state line and Sparkill was designated as NY 340 . NY 340 was extended northwestward to its current northern terminus in the early 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="5962878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962878" title="Combination gun">
Combination gun

A combination gun is a break-action hunting firearm that comprises at least two barrels, with at least one rifle barrel and one shotgun barrel. Combination guns using one rifle and one shotgun barrel usually are in an over and under configuration. Side-by-side versions are referred to as cape guns. 
A refers to a combination gun that has three barrels. Four barrel combination guns, while relatively rare, have also been made.
Combination guns generally use flanged cartridges, as rimless cartridges are difficult to extract from a break-action weapon.
Use.
Combination guns have a long history in Europe, Africa, and Asia, dating back to the early days of cartridge firearms. These guns are almost exclusively hunting arms. The advantage of having a single firearm that can fire both rifle and shotgun cartridges is that a single gun can be used to hunt a very wide variety of game, from deer to game birds, and the shooter can choose the barrel appropriate for the target in seconds. As a result, they are popular with gamekeepers who often need the flexibility of the combination gun during their normal duties.
Firing mechanisms.
The earliest combination guns were called "swivel guns" (not to be confused with the more widely known small cannon), which used a set of barrels designed to rotate to allow either the rifled or smoothbore barrel to line up with a flintlock mechanism. Modern combination guns tend to resemble double-barreled shotguns and double rifles, and are almost universally break open designs. Combination guns generally have a selector that allows the user to choose which barrel will fire. Drillings with two shotgun barrels and one rifle barrel may have two triggers, one for each shotgun barrel, and a selector that will allow one trigger to fire the rifle barrel. Four-barrel versions known as Vierlings generally have two triggers, and selectors to switch each between shotgun and rifle.
Layouts.
Combination guns.
Combination guns are over/under designs, usually with a shotgun barrel over a rifle barrel. Iron sights are commonly used for aiming the rifle, and the front sight alone is sufficient to point the shotgun. Scope mounts are available, sometimes with a cutout for aiming the shotgun barrels. However, the thinness of the shotgun barrels that are usually on top make the scope mounting awkward. An interesting combination gun is the Ithaca M6 Aircrew Survival Weapon and a civilian version Springfield Armory M6 Scout, an all-metal folding combination gun in .22 Hornet over .410 bore.
Cape guns.
A cape gun is a side-by-side version of a combination gun, and is typically European. German and Austrian cape guns have the rifle barrel on the right side and it is fired by the front trigger. The front trigger is usually a set trigger as well. British versions of this firearm position the rifle barrel on the left. These were at one time popular in southern Africa where a wide variety of game could be encountered. A combination such as the .303 British service cartridge and a 12-gauge shotgun was common.
The German and Austrian versions are commonly chambered in 9.3×72mmR and 16-gauge, although they were chambered in a wide variety of rifle and shotgun cartridges. They may be encountered in muzzleloading, pinfire, exposed hammer, and hammerless designs.
Drillings.
Drillings, or "dreiling" (the German word "drei" means "three" so "Dreiling" means triplet) normally consists of two matching shotgun barrels and a rifle barrel (, common drilling), but may cover a much broader range of shapes and configurations:
Since drillings were generally made by small manufacturers, each maker would pick whichever layout they preferred, or whatever layout the customer ordered. The most common layout was a side-by-side shotgun with a centerfire rifle barrel centered on the bottom. A similar arrangement of a side-by-side shotgun with a rifle barrel centered on top, generally a .22 caliber rimfire or .22 Hornet, was also fairly common.
Rarer were the drillings that used two rifle barrels and a single shotgun barrel. These were harder to make, since, like a double rifle, the rifle barrels must be very carefully "regulated", that is, aligned during manufacture to shoot to the same point of aim at a given distance. This requires more precision than regulation of double-barrelled shotgun barrels, which are used at shorter ranges with wide patterns of shot where a small misalignment won't be significant. If the rifle barrels were the same caliber, then the three barrels were generally arranged in a triangle, both rifle barrels on top, or one rifle and the shotgun barrel on top (this being known as a "cross-eyed drilling"). If the rifle barrels differed in caliber, generally the layout would be an over/under using the shotgun and a centerfire rifle barrel, with a rimfire rifle barrel mounted between and to one side. These configuration, with shotgun/centerfire/rimfire barrels, are the most desirable configuration for modern collectors.
The triple barrel shotgun is the rarest configuration, and arguably is an odd variant of a double-barrelled shotgun rather than a drilling, since it lacks the rifle/shotgun combination that all the other drillings have. The triple barrel shotgun is generally laid out like a side-by-side shotgun, with the third barrel centered and below the other two. The barrels are all the same gauge.
An unusual but notable drilling is the TP-82, or "space gun", is a short-barrelled drilling pistol consisting of two 12.5 mm smoothbore barrels over a 5.45 mm rifled barrel, with a detachable shoulder stock. It was developed by the Soviet Union as a survival gun for their space program, and was in use from 1987 to 2007, when it was retired due to the fact that the unique ammunition it uses had degraded too far to be reliable.
Calibers/gauges.
Few modern American makers make high quality combination guns for the retail market; most are simple, spartan models designed as survival guns or youth models. Drillings are even rarer, and are almost invariably custom made to order. If ordering a custom model, the layout and gauge/caliber choices are up to the customer, so it is difficult to make generalizations about them. The used market shows some strong preferences, however; the side-by-side shotguns with single rifle barrel is the most common type, and therefore the least expensive. The single shotgun barrel with different caliber rifle barrels is the most desirable, and will bring double the price, even more if one of the rifle barrels is .22 Long Rifle.
Since these guns tend to be break-open designs, they work best when chambered in rimmed cartridges. Rimmed case rounds like the .22 Hornet, .30-30 Winchester, 7×65mmR, 8×57mm IR(S) and 9.3×72mmR are all common choices, with 7×57mmR and 8×57mm IR(S) being the most common, as well as the heavier 9.3×74mmR, a round used commonly in Africa by European hunters. Gauges tend to be large, 16 or 12 being most common. Since drillings and vierlings are primarily European, American calibers are rarer and, at least in the American market, more desirable and expensive. Twenty-gauge drillings and vierlings also command a premium due to the relative rarity compared to the larger gauges. Many pre–World War II European guns are chambered for 65mm or 2-" shotgun shells.
Combination guns show a fairly wide range of calibers and gauges; Savage Arms, for example, made models from .22 LR over .410 bore shotgun up to .30-30 Winchester over 3" 12 gauge magnum (the Savage Model 24). The Springfield Armory survival guns are typically .22 long rifle or .22 Hornet over .410 bore.
It is not uncommon to find combination guns paired with sub-caliber inserts for the shotgun barrels. These inserts, usually 9 to 11 inches long, slip inside the shotgun barrel(s) and chamber rimfire cartridges such as the .22 LR or .22 Magnum. These further increase the flexibility of the guns, and will add considerably to the value.

</doc>
<doc id="5962891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962891" title="Thomas Phaer">
Thomas Phaer

Thomas Phaer (also spelled Phaire, Fayre, Faer, Phayre, Phayer) (c. 1510 – 12 August 1560) was an English lawyer, pediatrician, and author. He is best known as the author of "The Boke of Chyldren", published in 1545, which was the first book on pediatrics written in the English language.
Life.
It is thought that Phaer was born in Norwich. His father, also Thomas, was of Flemish descent. Phaer was educated at Oxford University. He studied law at Lincoln's Inn, and became Solicitor in the Court of the Welsh Marches. He was Member of Parliament for Carmarthen Boroughs in 1547 and for Cardigan for (1555–1559).
He applied to Oxford University for the degree of Bachelor of Medicine in February 1558, stating that he practised for twenty years. He was granted his Bachelor's, and then a Doctorate of Medicine, later that year.
Phaer died in Cilgerran, leaving his wife, Ann, and three daughters, Eleanor, Mary, and Elizabeth. He was buried in the local parish church. He is commemorated as one of the supporters in the coat of arms of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health. The other supporter is June Lloyd.
Works.
He published "Natura brevium" in 1535, and "Newe Boke of Presidentes" in 1543. He began to practise medicine in the 1530s, in his mid to late twenties. He published "The Regiment of Life" in 1544, a translation of a French version of the Latin text "Regimen Sanitatis Salerni", and "The Boke of Chyldren" was published the following year as an addedum to "The Regiment of Life".
"The Boke of Chyldren" anticipated many later trends in medicine. In recognising children as a special class of patients, his book was one of the first treatises to make a distinction between childhood and adulthood. He recognised various mental diseases, listing of the "manye grevous and perilous diseases" to which children were susceptible, including "apostume of the brayne" (meningitis), colic, "terrible dreames and feare in the slepe" (nightmares) and "pissing in the bedde" (bedwetting). He counselled against unnecessary treatments for childhood diseases such as smallpox or measles ("The best and most sure helpe in this case is not to meddle with anye kynde of medicines, but to let nature work her operacion"). He also condemned the tendency of medical practitioners to obscure their meaning by using Latin, and the consequent confusion for the patient: "How long would they haue the people ignorant? Why grutche they phsyicke to come forth in Engliyshe? Woulde they haue no man to know but onely they?"
He contributed to Sackville's "Mirrour for Magistrates", "Howe Owen Glendower, being seduced by false prophecies, toke upon him to be Prince of Wales." In his later years, he gained a degree of fame for his translation of Virgil's "Aeneid". "The Seven First Bookes of the Eneidos of Virgil converted into English Meter" was published in 1558. He had completed two more books in April 1560 and had begun the tenth, but died in the autumn of that year, leaving his task incomplete. The translation was finished by Thomas Twyne in 1584. Phaer's translation, which was in rhymed fourteen-syllabled lines, was greatly admired by his contemporaries, although not the first attempt at a complete translation (Gawain Douglas had translated all twelve books and Maphaeus Vegius' thirteenth book as well). His translation remained popular until John Dryden's translation was published in "The Works of Virgil" in 1697.

</doc>
<doc id="5962894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962894" title="Warren Barrett">
Warren Barrett

Warren Barrett (born 9 September 1970) is a retired Jamaican football goalkeeper.
Nicknamed 'Boopie', he played mostly for Violet Kickers F.C., but also played one season for Wadadah F.C. in the 1999/2000 season.
He played for and captained the Jamaica national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. According to the Jamaica Football Federation, Barrett earned 127 caps for his country, but this figure has not been officially acknowledged by FIFA because the JFF includes all matches, even against club sides, youth or olympic teams. He played his final FIFA international in 2000 against Honduras in the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup; he came on as a substitute for midfielder Winston Griffiths as Aaron Lawrence was sent off. He is married with three children, Ashley, Warren Jr. and Moya.
Coaching.
Barrett was selected as a national goalkeeping coach for Jamaica in 2008. On July 26, 2010, Barrett was suspended from all coaching duties by the JFF for an altercation with a match official at Jarrett Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5962898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962898" title="Ann Inc.">
Ann Inc.

Ann Inc. is an American group of specialty apparel retail chain stores for women, headquartered in New York City. The stores offer classic styled suits, separates, dresses, shoes and accessories. The brand is marketed under four divisions: Ann Taylor, LOFT, Ann Taylor Factory and LOFT Outlet. 
History.
Richard Liebeskind, the founder of Ann Taylor, opened his first Ann Taylor store in New Haven, Connecticut in 1954. "Ann Taylor" was the name of a best-selling dress at the founder's father's store. Both the best-selling dress and the name "Ann Taylor" were given by the father to his son, Richard Liebeskind, for good luck. Liebeskind decided to go with the name Ann Taylor because "Ann" was considered a very New England name, and "Taylor" evoked the image of tailored clothing. The name supposedly created the ideal identity of classic women's apparel.
In May 1991, the company completed an initial public offering resulting in aggregate net proceeds of approximately $166.5 million.
In March 2011, the company changed its name to Ann Inc., from AnnTaylor Stores Corporation. 
As of October 27, 2012, the total store count was 981: of 278 Ann Taylor stores, 101 Ann Taylor Factory stores, 510 LOFT stores, and 92 LOFT Outlet stores, as well as online at AnnTaylor.com and LOFT.com.
Divisions.
Ann Taylor, is a chain of clothing stores for women. Ann Taylor stores compete in the "better" category, with clothing targeted at affluent career women. Ann Taylor was founded in 1954.
LOFT, originally Ann Taylor LOFT, was established in 1996 as an extension of the original Ann Taylor brand, offers more relaxed fashions for work and home, in the "upper moderate" priced category. The selection provided at Loft initially was a more casual replica to that of the regular Ann Taylor, however has developed into its own brand, and now carries a unique style to cater to a new and younger crowd.
Ann Taylor Factory, offers reduced prices, as well as Ann Taylor Factory merchandise. The company is now moving away from Ann Taylor Factory clearance stores and are changing their stores to carry Ann Taylor Factory merchandise.
Ann Taylor LOFT Outlet, offers a LOFT-based Outlet environment, similar to the current Ann Taylor Factory stores, with unique LOFT Outlet merchandise mirrored from popular and best-selling LOFT product. There are currently 36 LOFT Outlet stores throughout the U.S.
Special Collections.
Ann Taylor Celebrations, was launched in August 2005, it is a signature collection featuring dresses, wraps, sashes, shoes, and bags. Each piece in the Collection is dyed to match. The Collection can be worn for occasions from wedding parties to black tie and special events. In 2009 this line is continued online only.
Ann Taylor Collections, was launched 2007 and consists of luxury apparel, accessories, and shoes made using Italian made fabrics and yarns. The craftsmanship is of an elevated value and the price point is higher than other pieces.
Ann Taylor Beauty, consisting of fragrance and bath and body products, that were to be available in all Ann Taylor stores beginning late 2007 or early 2008. The Possibilities fragrance was released in November 2007. The body care line consists of body mist, lotion, and body wash, and comes in 6 scents. The scents are Sugar Vanilla Orchid Bloom, Almond Vanilla Warm Fig, Peach Honey Sheer Musk, Orange Nectar Honeysuckle, Silver Tea citrus Flower, and Creamy Blackberry Sandal Wood.
LOFT Maternity was released in Summer 2007 under the motto "Because you have a LOFT to expect." While at first the LOFT Maternity line included only mid-range sizes, it expanded to include all LOFT sizes (00-18) in Fall 2007. As of Summer 2010, LOFT Maternity operates exclusively online, using the tag line, "Clothes so stylish and comfortable you'll wish you could wear them for more than nine months."
Flagship stores.
Ann Taylor has two flagship locations
The Company also has a LOFT flagship store:

</doc>
<doc id="5962906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962906" title="Shame (Eurythmics song)">
Shame (Eurythmics song)

"Shame" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song appears on the duo's seventh album "Savage" and was released as the second single in the UK. "Shame" was not released in the United States.
The track is a synthpop ballad in which the protagonist expresses regret and disdain for excessive and shallow lifestyles led by those who frequent nightclubs, bars, parties and the like. The lyrics namecheck The Beatles and The Rolling Stones and mentions the song "All You Need is Love".
"Shame" stalled at number forty-one in the UK singles chart, the first Eurythmics single to miss the UK Top 40 since "Julia" in 1985.
Critical reception.
William Ruhlmann of Allmusic reviewed the "Savage" album and highlighted the song as an album standout by labeling it an AMG Pick Track.
In the Spin magazine of March 1988, under the "Spin's Platter du Jour" section was a track by track review of the album. For "Shame", the article stated ""According to many theosophists and metaphysicians, glamour is one of the most dangerous forms of Maya. But according to a clever minority, glamour is also one of the most potentially tonic and healing forms of information. In fact, as a result of this antiphonal love manifesto, I feel better already.""
In Musician magazine, Issues 111-116 (Amordian Press), a review of the album stated ""...Savage is full of such sonic oxymorons, from the icy passion of "Shame" to the sinister snobbery of "Beethoven (I Love to Listen to)," making this an interesting set of mind games but nothing you'd play often."" In Spare Rib, Volumes 174-185 (Spare Ribs Limited), a review of the album spoke of the song, where it noted that the lyrics covered ""success and disilllusion"". Writer Thom Duffy of The Orlando Sentinel reviewed the album for issue of January 10, 1988 and stated ""Shame" and "Savage" are slow, ethereal arrangements.""
Robert Hilburn reviewed the album for the The Bulletin issue of March 4, 1988. He stated ""Most of the lyrics come off as ehtist cynicism. Love is the culprit in virtually every instance. In the Eurythmics' version of it. The B-movie-script quality that marks most of the songs mocks the very idea of romantic intimacy. In that respect Savage is consistent with the rest of the Eurythmics' work. There is a fearsome disrespect for conventional roles. "Shame," especially, tatkes on the idea of raised expectations generated by the media and nails it down as patently false. Everything is a con job...everything from movies to TV to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones.""
In the Daily News of Los Angeles of December 25, 1987, a review of the album stated ""We see a bewigged Annie Lennox locked in a Medusa's stare, her lips lacquered like a Saks Fifth Avenue mannequin. But place the album on the turntable, and Lennox sniffs at the very stylishness she traffics on the cover. "Now there's a lifestyle/With painted lips/Now there's a lifestyle/ Everybody wants it/But it don't exist/And I said shame..."
The Toledo Blade of March 24, 1988 featured a review/article based on the album, which stated ""The savagery of Savage lurks just under the lipstick smear and neon glow of society. Songs like "I Need a Man," "Beethoven," "Shame" and others sound lush and full, but the plea in the lyrics is almost desperate: a human longing to be touched instead of crushed by others. Beneath the big beat and synth wash, the Eurythmics write simple songs concerned with the most basic of human desires - to be loved or wanted or needed, even if that need becomes a form of abuse.""

</doc>
<doc id="5962913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962913" title="Craig Neal">
Craig Neal

Craig Duane Neal (born February 16, 1964) is an American retired professional basketball player and the men's head basketball coach for the University of New Mexico. He was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 3rd round (71st overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft, and played in the NBA and several minor leagues.
High school.
A native of Washington, Indiana, Neal played prep basketball at Washington High School, for his father, Stan. Craig earned all-America recognition and was a member of the Indiana all-star team following his senior year in 1983 with long-time friend and Indiana Hoosier legend, Steve Alford. Recently, Craig Neal was named to the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame's Silver Anniversary team in 2007 for his high school and post-high school accomplishments.
College.
In 1982 Neal signed on to play for Bobby Cremins at Georgia Tech. At 6'5" and only 160 pounds, Craig "Noodles" Neal quickly arose as a fan favorite. Known for his passing ability, quickness, and court awareness Neal was a vital force for the success of the Yellow Jackets in the mid-1980s. 
Neal was a two-year starter at Georgia Tech in the mid-1980s. He earned all-Atlantic Coast Conference honors as a senior in 1988 when he set the ACC single-season record with 303 assists. Neal's playing career at Tech spanned five seasons, as he was limited to just four games in 1984-85 due to injury. He averaged 7.7 points as a senior. Neal averaged a league-best 9.5 assists per game (11.6 in conference games) that season, which still stands as a single-season record at Georgia Tech. His 659 career assists was a school record at the time and now ranks third best at Tech. Neal's 5.2 career assist average is fourth best at Tech and his 127 career steals is the 11th best total at the school. 
In addition, Neal was a member of five Yellow Jacket teams that advanced to postseason play, including an NIT appearance in 1984 and NCAA Tournament berths the following four years. Tech advanced to the regional final in 1985 before losing to top-seed Georgetown, and the Sweet Sixteen in 1986. After a first round loss in 1987 Georgia Tech defeated Iowa State in 1988 before falling to Richmond in the second round. Neal earned his bachelor's degree in management from Georgia Tech in 1988.
Professional playing career.
After his standout college career, Neal was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in 1988 in the third round of the NBA draft. He later played for the NBA teams the Denver Nuggets and the Miami Heat. Craig Neal played eight professional seasons in the NBA, CBA and Europe. While competing in the CBA, Neal was fortunate enough to play in three championship series. In addition, Neal served as a player and coach in his final season in the CBA (1994–95) before joining the Toronto Raptors organization in 1997.
NBA scouting and coaching career.
For the first few years at Toronto, Craig Neal was a scout for the Toronto Raptors. In 2000, Craig Neal became an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors under NBA's all-time most winningst coach, Lenny Wilkens. In his first year as an assistant for the Toronto Raptors, a struggling Raptors of the past team excelled all the way to game 7 of the semi-finals of the Eastern Conference. Toronto was a Vince Carter shot away from going to the Eastern Conference finals. In addition as an assistant coach from 2000–03, Neal was involved with practice preparation, advance scouting, and the preparation and implementation of opponent scouting reports. He managed and directed Toronto's player development program, both during the season and the summer. Neal coached Toronto's summer league team for three years and was the lead coach in directing all Raptor college pre-draft workouts. His duties also included assisting with the operations budget, working with advance scouting team and coordinating schedules for Toronto scouts. In 2003-2004, Neal was involved in scouting and player development for the Toronto Raptors.
College coaching career.
Iowa Hawkeyes.
In August 2004, Craig Neal joined long-time friend and head coach Steve Alford at the University of Iowa. Steve Alford and Craig Neal combined their knowledge and turned the Hawkeyes into a force. Iowa posted a 63-35 record while Neal was the associate-head coach, including consecutive trips to the NCAA Tournament. The Hawkeyes won 25 games in 2005-06, the second highest total in school history. They also captured the Big Ten Conference tournament title, set a school record with 10 wins over top 25 opponents and ran off a school record 18-game winning streak in Carver-Hawkeye Arena, winning all 17 home games in 2005-06. Neal displayed his network genius and was instrumental in Iowa's recruiting efforts. More than one publication ranked the 2006-07 class as one of the top 10 catches in the nation, which included players like stand-out player Tyler Smith.
New Mexico Lobos.
On March 27, 2007 Craig Neal followed Steve Alford to New Mexico and became the associate head coach of the Lobos. In his first year at New Mexico, Craig Neal played an essential role in turning New Mexico into a competitive team. In addition, the Lobos made it into post season play in the NIT for the first time since 2005. In 2010 and 2012, New Mexico reached the NCAA tournament (winning both opening round games). In 2013, New Mexico reached the NCAA tournament as the number 3 seed, losing in the first round to the 14th seed, Harvard. On April 2, 2013, Neal was named the head basketball coach for the University of New Mexico, after it was announced that head coach Steve Alford was leaving to take the head coaching position at UCLA.
Community service.
Along with his basketball and coaching career, Craig Neal has been a vital member of the community. He has often committed himself to causes greater than oneself, such as he founded the Craig Neal/Grant Delagrange benefit golf tournament in Fort Wayne, IN, with proceeds dedicated to schools for autistic and Down Syndrome children. In addition, while in Toronto Craig Neal was involved with the NBA's Team Up community service program. To this day, Neal continues to give back to the community.
Family.
He and his wife, Janet, have two sons, Cullen and Dalton.

</doc>
<doc id="5962917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962917" title="Timeline of banking in Western Australia">
Timeline of banking in Western Australia

The first commercial bank in Western Australia was created eight years after the establishment of the Swan River Colony in 1829.
Note: bold entries indicate a locally (W.A.) domiciled operation

</doc>
<doc id="5962918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962918" title="Sean Thompson">
Sean Thompson

Sean Davis Thompson (born October 13, 1982 in La Junta, Colorado) is a Major League Baseball left-handed pitcher currently playing for the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.
Thompson was selected by the San Diego Padres in the 5th round (145th overall) in the Major League Baseball draft. In , he was a Southern League All-Star for the Double-A Mobile BayBears. On July 4, 2007, he was claimed off waivers by the Kansas City Royals. On July 21, 2007, he was once again claimed off waivers, this time by the Colorado Rockies. He was designated for assignment by the Rockies on August 11, 2007. He signed with the Camden Riversharks of the Atlantic League for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="5962927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962927" title="Supremacy (Hatebreed album)">
Supremacy (Hatebreed album)

Supremacy is the fourth full-length album by American metalcore band Hatebreed, their first release with Roadrunner Records. The album was released on August 29, 2006. The track, "To the Threshold", earlier appeared on the album, "", released in April 2006.
Frontman Jamey Jasta contends that the main theme of "Supremacy" is overcoming "feelings of depression, guilt, sadness, anxiety, alienation. I wanted to show that there is hope, and you have to start with yourself. You can't help other people if you can't help yourself."

</doc>
<doc id="5962928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962928" title="Tayport F.C.">
Tayport F.C.

Tayport F.C. are a Scottish Junior football club from Tayport, Fife. Formed in 1947, they play their home games at The Canniepairt. Nicknamed "the Port", the club's colours are red, white and black.
They presently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Premier League.
Although the club is based in Fife, their close geographical location to Dundee and Angus meant that, when they became a junior club, they chose to join the Tayside League rather than the Fife League. They had phenomenal success in the 1990s and early 2000s, winning the league they were competing in every season since 1990-91, bar four times when they have managed to finish as runners-up.
History.
For over a century the game of football has been a major influence in most communities in Scotland. Tayport, a small former burgh of just under 4,000 inhabitants, situated on Fife’s most northern extremity on the south bank of the River Tay, is no exception.
From Victorian times, through to the Second World War, the town has always had at least one football club. Information from those days is sketchy, but we do know that Tayport had a Junior club pre-First World War, winning the East of Fife Cup in 1905, for example. The Great War in 1914 effectively signalled the demise of Junior football in the town for seventy five years.
Throughout the twenties and thirties, there were various amateurs clubs in the town, but success was fleeting and there is little recorded history. After the Second World War and the second half of the 20th Century beckoning, The town’s football club was Tayport Violet. In 1947 a new club emerged as rivals to Violet when Tayport Amateurs was formed by local lads who had been playing friendlies together as a Senior Boy Scouts team. This was the birth of the club we know today.
These local lads entered the Amateurs team in the Midlands Amateurs’ Alliance League, a league which was essentially for clubs’ reserve XIs. Local rivals Violet played in the Midlands’ top division. By 1950, the Midlands Amateur Football Association was expanding and in the reorganised leagues, both the Violet and the Amateurs found themselves in Division Two.
Promotion was swift and the two teams finished the season in 1st and 2nd spots respectively. 1952/53 saw Violet and the Amateurs finish second and third in the first division behind the champions, YM Anchorage. YM Anchorage, incidentally, had won every title since 1933. Then, suddenly, Violet were gone. Despite finishing runners-up, it was their last season.
There were contrasting fortunes for the Amateurs during the 50s and 60s, but despite experiencing some quite often desperate times, the club managed to survive. That survival was important and a significant factor in the success the club was to enjoy during the latter part of the century. A new, young committee emerged in the late 1960s and the 1970s was a reasonably successful era, with the club establishing itself as a major force in the amateur game.
The club, which had always played its football on the East Common, required more modern accommodation and, at the invitation of Tayport Town Council, in 1975, moved across the factory burn from the East Common to The Canniepairt. This was formerly poor farming land which had been allowed to go to waste but which had recently been used by the Army for its Polex 70 Exercise. Clubrooms were constructed and, like the ground, were subjected to various upgrades in order to provide the accommodation which the club, and indeed, the community, now enjoys.
In 1980, the club which, since 1953 had run an Alliance, or Reserve XI, started a third team – the Fife XI - which was to enjoy eleven successful seasons in the East Fife Amateur Association and for one season, the Kingdom Caledonian League.
As the club’s standing in the game developed, the committee felt the time was right to take a further step and, in 1990, the club’s Junior team was launched and the name of the club became, quite simply, ‘Tayport Football Club’, a name which could embrace both amateur and junior grades. Sadly the enthusiasm for amateur football in the town waned and, through a lack of local players, season 2000/2001 was to be the club’s last in the Amateurs Leagues.
Since the club joined the Junior ranks, the success which the club has enjoyed has been phenomenal and is unsurpassed in 120 years’ history of the Junior game. Virtually every honour the game has to offer, has come Tayport’s way, culminating in six Scottish Junior Cup Final appearances, with three wins - 1996, 2003 and 2005. Six live TV appearances and sustained media spotlight has raised the profile of the previously unknown former harbour and railway town to a hitherto unknown level.

</doc>
<doc id="5962931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962931" title="Aleksey Kuznetsov">
Aleksey Kuznetsov

Aleksey Ivanovich Kuznetsov (; born 1929, died 2003) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the 1950s and 1960s, training in Gorodets at VSS Urozhai. He earned a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley.
He won two medals in the 4 x 10 km relay at the Nordic skiing World Championships with a silver in 1954 and a bronze 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5962942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962942" title="144000 (number)">
144000 (number)

144000 is a natural number. It has significance in several religious movements. In the Mayan calendar, a "baktun" is a period of 144,000 days.
Religion.
Christianity.
The number 144,000 has religious significance for Christians because of its use in the Book of Revelation of the New Testament, where it appears three times:
The numbers 12,000 and 144,000 are variously interpreted in traditional Christianity. Some, taking the numbers in Revelation to be symbolic, believe it represents all of God's people throughout history in the heavenly Church. One suggestion is that the number comes from 12, a symbol for totality, which is squared and multiplied by one thousand for more emphasis. Others insist the numbers 12,000 and 144,000 are literal numbers and representing either descendants of Jacob (also called Israel in the Bible) or others to whom God has given a superior destiny with a distinct role at the time of the end of the world. One understanding is that the 144,000 are recently converted Jewish evangelists sent out to bring sinners to Jesus Christ during the seven year tribulation period. Preterists believe they are Jewish Christians, sealed for deliverance from the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 A.D. Dispensationalist Tim LaHaye, in his commentary "Revelation: Illustrated and Made Plain" (Zondervan, 1975), considers the 144,000 in Revelation 7 to refer to Jews and those in Revelation 14 to refer to Christians.
Jehovah's Witnesses.
Jehovah's Witnesses believe that exactly 144,000 faithful Christian men and women from Pentecost of 33 CE until the present day will be resurrected to heaven as immortal spirit beings to spend eternity with God and Christ. They believe that these people are "anointed" by God to become part of the spiritual "Israel of God". They believe the 144,000 (which they consider to be synonymous with the "little flock" of Luke 12:32) will serve with Christ as king-priests for a thousand years, while all other people accepted by God (the "other sheep" of John 10:16, composed of "the great crowd" of Revelation 7:9,14 and the resurrected "righteous and the unrighteous" ones of Acts 24:15), will be given an opportunity to live forever in a restored paradise on earth. According to the Witnesses, the first of the 144,000 were resurrected in 1918 and others who die thereafter are immediately resurrected to heaven.
Individual Witnesses indicate their claim of being "anointed" by partaking of the bread and wine at the annual Memorial of Christ's death. Nearly 12,000 Witnesses worldwide—an increase of more than 3,000 since 1995—claim to be of the anointed "remnant" of the 144,000. The members of the Governing Body who exercise teaching authority over Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide claim to be among the anointed 144,000, and also consider themselves as a group to be the faithful and discreet slave of Matthew 24:45 and Luke 12:42.
Skoptzists.
The Christian Skoptsy sect in Russia believed that the Messiah would come when there were 144,000 Skoptsy believers, based on their reading of the Book of Revelation.
Unification Church.
The Christian-based church founded by Reverend Sun Myung Moon believes the 144,000 represents the total number of saints whom Christ must find "who can restore through indemnity the missions of all the past saints who, despite their best efforts to do God's Will, fell prey to Satan when they failed in their responsibilities. He must find these people during his lifetime and lay the foundation of victory over Satan's world" according to the "Exposition of the Divine Principle," page 144.
Islam.
144,000 is alleged to have been the number of Sahaba of Muhammad, though other totals have been given. The number is also given as the total number of prophets in Islam, although this has also been reported as 124,000 or 244,000. The actual number of Prophets or Sahaba (Companions) is not known, however, 25 names have been mentioned in the Qur'an.
New Age movements.
The number 144,000 is also significant in various New Age religious movements.

</doc>
<doc id="5962943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962943" title="Abu Abdullah al-Rashid al-Baghdadi">
Abu Abdullah al-Rashid al-Baghdadi

Hamid Dawud Mohamed Khalil al Zawi, most commonly known as Abu Abdullah al-Rashid al-Baghdadi (ابو عبدالله الراشد البغدادي), and also known as Abu Hamza al-Baghdadi and ( Abu Omar al-Qurashi al-Baghdadi, (died 18 April 2010) was the nom de guerre of the leader of the Mujahideen Shura Council (also translated as "Council of Freedom Fighters", "Consultative Council of Mujahedeen", and "Council of Holy Warriors"), an umbrella organization composed of eight groups that oppose the United States' military presence in Iraq, and its successor organisation, the Islamic State of Iraq.
Background.
The Interior Ministry of Iraq claimed that al-Baghdadi was captured in Baghdad on 9 March 2007, but it was later said that the person in question was not al-Baghdadi. On 3 May 2007, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said that al-Baghdadi was killed by American and Iraqi forces north of Baghdad. However, in July 2007, the U.S. military reported that al-Baghdadi never actually existed. The detainee identified as Khaled al-Mashhadani, a self-proclaimed intermediary to Osama bin Laden, claimed that al-Baghdadi was a fictional character created to give an Iraqi face to a foreign-run terror group, and that statements attributed to al-Baghdadi were actually read by an Iraqi actor.
In March 2008, the spokesman for an insurgent organization that is hostile to the Coalition, Hamas-Iraq, claimed that al-Baghdadi was a fabrication made by Al Qaeda to put a false Iraqi face to their organization. However, US military officials later reported that Al Qaeda replaced Baghdadi with an actual Al Qaeda leader.
Identification and capture.
On 7 May 2008, the Arabic-language satellite channel Al-Arabiya, citing information obtained from an Iraqi police official, identified al-Baghdadi as Hamid Dawoud al-Zawi. On 23 April 2009, AFP reported that he was arrested by the Iraqi military, and on 28 April the Iraqi government produced photos to prove it to skeptics. The claim was denied by the Islamic State in Iraq which according to SITE Institute released an apparently genuine recording of al-Baghdadi denying the government's recent claims. However, the Iraqi government refuted this claim and insisted that the man captured was indeed Baghdadi. Tapes and messages were released in the name of Baghdadi throughout 2009 and 2010.
Death.
On 18 April 2010, al-Baghdadi was reported killed over the weekend when a joint operation of American and Iraqi forces rocketed a home where he was hiding near Tikrit, Iraq. Abu Ayyub al-Masri was also reported as killed in the attack. His son was also killed in the attack and 16 others were arrested. He was killed in a safe house six miles (10 kilometers) southwest of Tikrit and was found dead in a hole in the ground inside a house. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki announced the killings of al-Baghdadi and Ayyub al-Masri at a news conference in Baghdad and showed reporters photographs of their bloody corpses. "The attack was carried out by ground forces which surrounded the house, and also through the use of missiles", al-Maliki said. "During the operation computers were seized with e-mails and messages to the two biggest terrorists, Osama bin Laden and deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri", al-Maliki added. U.S. forces commander Gen. Raymond Odierno praised the operation. "The death of these terrorists is potentially the most significant blow to al-Qaida in Iraq since the beginning of the insurgency", he said. "There is still work to do but this is a significant step forward in ridding Iraq of terrorists". Joe Biden said that the killings of the top two al-Qaida figures in Iraq are "potentially devastating" blows to the terror network there and proof that Iraqi security forces are gaining ground. On 25 April 2010, a four-page statement by the Islamic State of Iraq was posted on a militant website early Sunday confirmed the death of al-Masri and Al-Baghdadi saying "After a long journey filled with sacrifices and fighting falsehood and its representatives, two knights have dismounted to join the group of martyrs," the statement said. "We announce that the Muslim nation has lost two of the leaders of jihad, and two of its men, who are only known as heroes on the path of jihad." The ISI shariah minister, Abu al-Walid Abd al-Wahhab al-Mashadani, also said the two leaders were attending a meeting when "enemy forces" engaged them in battle and launched an airstrike on their location. Another thing he said was that the 'Crusaders' and Shi'ites will exploit the incident to improve the image of Iraqi security services and give the enemy alliance an 'illusory' victory after the mass-casualty incidents carried out by the ISI in Baghdad," the statement added, in an apparent reference to Friday's bomb attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="5962948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962948" title="London Informer">
London Informer

The London Informer" is a free newspaper that is published every Friday in west London.

</doc>
<doc id="5962949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962949" title="Catherinette">
Catherinette

Catherinettes was a traditional French label for girls of twenty-five years old who were still unmarried by the Feast of Saint Catherine (25 November). A special celebration was offered to them on this day, while everyone wished them a fast end to their singlehood.
Origin.
Since the Middle Ages, girls were under the protection of St Catherine (while Saint Nicolas cared for the boys). Girls participated in devotion groups to the saint, and were responsible for the confection of a beautiful headdress to "cap" her statue each year on November 25. The young women left the group when marrying, hence "capping Saint Catherine" became, for a female, synonymous to "being still single at/after 25". Following the changes of women's and marriage's status in society, this custom progressively died all over France, with the exception of the hatmaking and dressmaking trades, wherein unmarried women, after they turned twenty-five, would attend a ball on St Catherine's Day in a hat made specially for the occasion; to wear such a hat was referred to as "capping St. Catherine" ("coiffer sainte Catherine").
Although the term has become rather old-fashioned in France, it is still sometimes used to refer to 25-year-old single women.

</doc>
<doc id="5962950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962950" title="Renbrook School">
Renbrook School

Renbrook School is an independent, private day school in West Hartford, Connecticut for children age 3 through Grade 9.
Notable alumni.
The alumni association includes over 2,400 graduates from Renbrook and the Junior School. 

</doc>
<doc id="5962954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962954" title="Media of Nigeria">
Media of Nigeria

Media in Nigeria has a long history in comparison to most other African nations.
Press.
Historically, Nigeria has boasted the most free and outspoken press of any African country, but also one which has consistently been the target of harassment by the past military dictatorships and now under the governance of Nigeria's former civilian president, Goodluck Ebele Jonathan. Many agents of Nigeria's press have been imprisoned, exiled, tortured, or murdered as a result, among them being Ogoni activist and television producer Ken Saro-Wiwa, who was executed for treason by order of the Sani Abacha dictatorship in 1995 (resulting in the expulsion of Nigeria from the Commonwealth of Nations and sanctions from abroad).
Even under the somewhat less-oppressive current civilian government, journalists have continued to come under fire, be it from the government (as with the June 2006 arrest of Gbenga Aruleba and Rotimi Durojaiye of African Independent Television under charges of sedition) or from other popular establishments (such as the self-imposed exile of Thisday's Isioma Daniel following the riots in Northern Nigeria over "sensitive comments" which she had made in an article regarding Muhammad and the 2002 Miss World pageant. 
A fatwa calling for her beheading was issued by the mullahs of northern Nigeria, but was declared null and void by the relevant religious authorities in Saudi Arabia, and the Obasanjo faced an international public relations smearing [especially within journalistic circles) in the aftermath, which was not helped by the Amina Lawal controversy which had occurred prior to the riots, which had seen over 200 dead). However, as with most other countries, blogging has increasingly become a much safer, and much easier, conduit for Nigeria's growing Internet-enabled minority to express their dissatisfactions with the current state of affairs in Nigeria.
Radio and television.
On the other hand, while newspapers (and, most recently, blogging) have long thrived through both thick and thin in Nigeria, radio and television has not received as much recognition, due to limited resources and press restrictions which beset the establishment of radio or television services in Nigeria. However, such limitations are being worked around in order to reach larger audiences both within and without Nigeria, such as with the growth of satellite television (which has long been preferred throughout the African continent due to the infavourability, geologically and financially, of laying ground cables). The BBC World Service as well as the Voice of America and the German broadcasting organization Deutsche Welle (DW) also provide shortwave radio in the Hausa language.
Internet sites.
Virtually all Nigerian newspapers have an internet presence; in addition, there are several websites which are dedicated to allowing Nigerians to air their opinions on a variety of topics. However, the current low penetration of the internet in Nigeria means that radio and newspapers remain the primary means of consuming information in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5962955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962955" title="Maelström (film)">
Maelström (film)

Maelström is a 2000 Canadian film by Québécois writer-director Denis Villeneuve. It stars Marie-Josée Croze as a depressed, alcoholic woman who becomes romantically involved with the son of a man she believes to have killed in a hit and run accident.
The film has won 23 awards, including 5 Genie Awards and the FIPRESCI Prize, and was nominated for 8 more awards.
Synopsis.
The story is told by a fish (with the voice of Pierre Lebeau). In Quebec during the autumn of 1999, twenty-five-year-old Bibiane Champagne (Marie-Josée Croze), head of three clothing boutiques, is being crushed by the expectations put on her for being the daughter of a celebrity, Flo Fabert. She resorts to drugs and alcohol in an effort to cope, while trying in vain to keep her problems from for example her colleague brother Philippe (Bobby Beshro) and a persistent magazine reporter (Marie-France Lambert). The early scenes of the film show her friends supporting her through her first abortion and her inability to function in her job.
One night, Bibiane fatally wounds a 53-year-old fishmonger, Annstein Karson, in a hit and run accident. Wracked by guilt, and wanting to erase the evidence, she drives her car into the river. She survives, and interprets her survival as a sign that she deserves to recover her life. The fishmonger's son Evian, a diver who was recently inspecting Manicouagan River, encounters Bibiane by surprise and she quickly poses as his late father's neighbour. Evian falls in love with her, and Bibiane confesses eventually that she is his father's killer. She helps him sort through Annstein's possessions, and in the final scene, Bibiane accompanies Evian to Lofoten to dispose of the ashes.
Accolades.
"Maelström" received ten nominations at the 21st Genie Awards and won five, including Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role, Best Achievement in Direction, Best Screenplay, Best Achievement in Cinematography and Best Motion Picture.

</doc>
<doc id="5962960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962960" title="Alessandro Moro">
Alessandro Moro

Alessandro Moro (born 2 October 1984) is an Italian football defensive midfielder.
He started his career at Foggia, with loan spells at Isernia and Ascoli. He joined Treviso in 2006. When Treviso were declared bankrupt in August 2009, Moro was signed by side Gallipoli along with team-mate William Pianu. For 2010/11 he was signed by 1° Divisione side Andria BAT.

</doc>
<doc id="5962961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962961" title="Whitburn Junior F.C.">
Whitburn Junior F.C.

Whitburn Junior F.C. are a Scottish junior football club from Whitburn, West Lothian. Formed in 1933, they play their home games at Central Park.
Nicknamed "Burnie", the club's colours are claret and amber. They presently play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region South Division.
Whitburn are supported by around 200 or so regularly attending fans.

</doc>
<doc id="5962982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962982" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of British Columbia. It is the metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of Vancouver, which also includes the suffragan dioceses of Kamloops, Nelson, Prince George, and Victoria. The local ordinary of the archdiocese is Archbishop John Michael Miller, CSB.
Archdiocesan demographics.
In 2010 the archdiocese contained 77 parishes, 16 missions, 93 diocesan priests, 105 religious priests, and 465,717 Catholics. It also has 120 female religious, 127 male religious, and 2 permanent deacons. There are 49 Catholic schools.
History.
On 24 July 1846, the Diocese of Vancouver Island was erected from the Vicariate Apostolic of the Oregon Territory.
Oblates of Mary Immaculate years.
On 14 December 1863, the Vicariate Apostolic of British Columbia was erected. A French priest, by the name Louis-Joseph D'Herbomez, from the Oblates of Mary Immaculate, became the first Vicar Apostolic of the newly formed territory. He was later ordained Bishop in 1864 and served the Catholic community until his death in 1890.
In 1890, the Vicariate of British Columbia becomes the Diocese of New Westminster. Another Oblates of Mary Immaculate French Bishop, Pierre-Paul Durieu, took over the responsibilities and served the community until his death in 1899. During his tenure, the territory of Alaska was lost in the creation of the Prefecture Apostolic of Alaska in 1894.
Another French Bishop, Augustin Dontenwill, took governance of the Diocese of New Westminster in 1899 and served the community until he resigned, to become the Superior General of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate, in 1908. Under his tenure the Holy Rosary Church was commissioned.
Under the Archdiocese of Victoria.
In 1903, the Diocese of Vancouver Island was elevated to Archdiocese of Vancouver Island and in 1904, it changed to the Archdiocese of Victoria. A German-born Bishop, Bertram Orth, was appointed Archbishop in 1903 and lead the Archdiocese of Victoria and its suffrages until he resigned in 1908.
In September, 1908, the Diocese of New Westminster was elevated to the Archdiocese of Vancouver and in October, 1908, the Archdiocese of Victoria was lowered to the Diocese of Victoria. Father Alexander MacDonald, of Nova Scotia, was quickly appointed and ordained Bishop of Victoria.
The Canadian Bishops.
For just over one year the Archdiocese of Vancouver had no bishop until Neil McNeil, Bishop of St. George’s, Newfoundland, became the first appointed Canadian Archbishop of Vancouver on 19 January 1910. His tenure was short, as he then went on to become the Archbishop of Toronto on 10 April 1912.
August, 1912, Timothy Casey, Bishop of Saint John in America, New Brunswick, becomes the 5th Archbishop of Vancouver. 1914 World War I breaks out and Archbishop Casey had to battle hard financial times for the Archdiocese. Under his governance, Holy Rosary Church became a Cathedral. He served his community until his death on October 1931.
The "Iron Duke" years.
August 1928, a priest from St. John, New Brunswick, became Coadjutor Archbishop of Vancouver and on 5 October 1931, Bishop William Mark Duke became Archbishop of Vancouver. In his 32 years of service to his community Archbishop Duke had to deal with the Great Depression of the Dirty Thirties and later World War II. His strict disciplinarian beliefs and financial management of the Archdiocese earned him the title “Iron Duke”. The legacy that was left behind when Archbishop William Mark Duke retired in March 1964 is impressive. He helped establish St. Mark’s College at the University of British Columbia, 2 Catholic high schools, 1 non-diocese Catholic high school, 22 Catholic elementary schools, and 3 Catholic hospitals including many new parishes in the diocese alone. During his tenure the Diocese of Nelson was erected in 1936 and the Diocese of Kamloops was erected in 1945. These new diocese helped erect a new high school, new elementary schools & parishes.
The bishop of Nelson, Martin Michael Johnston, became Coadjutor Archbishop of Vancouver, in 1954, to assist Archbishop Duke during the last 10 years of governance. Bishop Johnston became Archbishop of Vancouver on 1964 and retired in 1969. During Archbishop Johnston tenure, the Vicariate of Prince Rupert was elevated to Diocese of Prince George, in 1967.
Project Advance years.
Auxiliary Bishop, James Francis Carney, became Archbishop of Vancouver in 1969. Archbishop Carney became the first Vancouver born bishop to be appointed to the Archdiocese. During his tenure Archbishop Carney saw the need to rebuild many of the parishes, schools and hospitals that were showing their age. Project Advance was introduced into the community that required the parishes to raise funds. These funds went back into the community to help rebuild their parishes & schools and also to build new facilities, like Archbishop Carney Regional Secondary School, which was built in the Archbishop’s honour, after he died in 1990.
Archdiocesan synod.
The archdiocese concluded a nine-year synod in December 2006. Lay and religious representatives from every parish, Catholic school, religious community, the local seminary, and Catholic organizations took part, as well as non-Catholic observers who were invited to the process.
Although it formally ran from October 2002 to October 2003, extensive preparation went into the synod as far back as 1998 during the period leading up to the Great Jubilee of the Year 2000. The synod’s aim was to bring the Church of Vancouver into the 21st century, from the “maintenance” mode it was in to more of a mission-driven model, as former Archbishop Emeritus Adam Exner, OMI, put it.
On December 3, 2006, at Holy Rosary Cathedral, Archbishop Raymond Roussin, SM, officially declared the synod closed, officially setting in motion the initiatives proposed.
According to the archdiocesan newspaper The B.C. Catholic, the first 20 declarations from the synod were to come into effect almost immediately. "Among the highlights are initiatives to encourage pastors to delegate more duties to the laity, to promote the faith formation of teachers, to initiate an adult faith formation strategy, to establish an office and vicar for evangelization, and to initiate a support group for priests."
More information about the synod can be found at http://www.rcav.org/synod.
The B.C. Catholic's coverage of the synod can be found at: http://bcc.rcav.org/06-12-11.
List of suffragan dioceses.
The following are the dioceses under the direction of the Archdiocese of Vancouver:
Churches.
The churches offer masses in the following languages: Arabic, Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese (Mandarin), Croatian, English, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Laotian, Traditional Latin, Polish, Portuguese, Slovak, Spanish, Tagalog, and Vietnamese.
Vancouver
Burnaby
Coquitlam
New Westminster
North Vancouver
Richmond
Surrey
Abbotsford
Agassiz
Aldergrove
Bella Coola
Boston Bar
Bowen Island
Chilliwack
Crescent Beach
Delta 
Gibsons
Hope
Langley
Maple Ridge
Mission
Port Coquitlam
Port Moody
Powell River
Sechelt
Squamish
West Vancouver 
White Rock
Education.
Catholic Universities, Colleges & Seminaries.
At present there are no Catholic universities, but, as per Archdiocesan Synod, there are plans to build one in the future.
Cemeteries.
The Gardens of Gethsemani Cemetery & Mausoleum (Est. 1965), 15800 - 32nd Avenue,
Surrey, B.C.
Charitable Organizations.
Health Care
On March 31, 2000, St. Paul’s Hospital, Holy Family Hospital, & CHARA Health Care Society were consolidated into one legal entity and formed Providence Health Care, with eight sites in the city of Vancouver.
Although the Archdiocese is responsible for the creation of the hospitals & care facilities. It no long has direct control of these facilities as they are governed by a Board of Directors, the Congregation of Sisters & Providence Senior Leadership Team. Providenc Health Care continues to provide Catholic health care.
Providence Health Care is presently developing the Legacy Project, which is to renew St. Paul’s Hospital into a state of the art research and teaching facility.
Family support
Overseas assistance
Shelters
Social support
Notes.
Publications
Retreats

</doc>
<doc id="5962986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962986" title="The Opposition">
The Opposition

The Opposition (also known as Opposition) is a long-running post-punk band from London, England, that featured Ralph Hall, Marcus Bell, Mark Long, Sterling Campbell, Lol Ford, Terence Devine King and Jean Daniel Glorioso.
Founded in 1979, the Opposition released their first single, “Very Little Glory”, on the independent record label, Double Vision Records. The single received some good press and was soon followed by their first album “Breaking the Silence”(1981), a UK and French tour followed. They then recorded “Intimacy”, and with the press picking up on the band, they switched from indie to major and secured a recording contract with Charisma Records, recording “Promises” (1984). A brief tour of the US followed as support act to Thomas Dolby and extensive touring of Europe before releasing “Empire Days” (1985), still with the engineer Kenny Jones and for the occasion joined by John Porter.
Meanwhile Charisma had been bought by Phonogram who had in turn been engulfed by Virgin and without changing contracts the band found themselves with the third record label in as many albums. It was time for change.
The band took a hiatus in 1987, when Bell and Long began working on more commercial-sounding material under the name So. Ralph was replaced for this project by Sterling Campbell (Drums). Their album “Horseshoe in the Glove” (1986) yielded a minor US hit with the song “Are You Sure”, which, despite receiving a moderate amount of airplay on rock radio and being named an MTV Video of the Week, missed reaching the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No. 41. After the US experience and two years touring they started playing under the name Opposition again and released the intimist album “Blue Alice Blue” in 1990, again recorded with Kenny Jones. Moving to Mrs Jones Records in 1990, they then released “War Begins at Home” (1994), “EP One” (1995), Sterling then left the group to play with David Bowie and was replaced by Jean Daniel Glorioso for “Blinder” (2004) “EP2” (2010) and "Love & Betrayal" (2011) using the same team of musicians as the "Blinder" album

</doc>
<doc id="5962989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962989" title="Pak Tongjin">
Pak Tongjin

Pak Tongjin (October 11, 1922, Daegu – November 11, 2013, Yongin) was the South Korean minister of foreign affairs in the 1970s. Much of his efforts involved building trade routes between the Soviet Union and non-Soviet countries through South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="5962990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962990" title="Tokenzone">
Tokenzone

Tokenzone, Inc. (known colloquially as Tokenzone) is a company primarily known for inventing the concept of virtual property and developing virtual trading cards and digital collectibles programs on the Internet for companies such as The Walt Disney Company, Time Warner and The Coca-Cola Company. It is a private company founded in January 2000 by the Arias Brothers (Isaac, Ricardo and Eduardo).

</doc>
<doc id="5963003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963003" title="Regional casino">
Regional casino

A regional casino, more commonly known as a super casino (or occasionally known as mega casino or other variants), is the term given to the largest category of casino that was to have been permitted under UK law – equivalent in size to the larger casinos in Las Vegas. The first regional casino was initially proposed to be in the City of Manchester, but this has since been scrapped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
History.
The Gambling Act 2005 revised many regulations relating to gambling in England. Amongst the most controversial provisions was the establishment of a number of 'destination casinos' in the style of Las Vegas, commonly referred to in the media as 'super casinos'
Initial drafts of the act proposed eight regional casinos but concerns expressed in the national media and by a range of addiction related social and religious groups meant that the final revision of the act permitted only one casino of the largest size, referred to as a 'regional casino', with a further eight 'large' and eight 'small' casinos of a smaller sizes and with reduced jackpot limits.
Prior to the act there were 140 casinos in the UK, the largest of which in Star City, Birmingham had a floor area of around . Customers were required to register twenty-four hours prior to gaming.
Definition of casino types.
Under the terms of the Gambling Act the Secretary of State is able to define each type of casino, with reference to any matter he or she chooses; although the act specifically mentions as facts to consider the number, location and concentration of gaming tables, and the floor area designated for a specific purpose.
Definitions have been determined such that the 'super casino' will have a minimum customer area of 5000 square metres and at most 1250 unlimited-jackpot slot machines.
'Large casinos' will have a minimum area of 1000 square metres and up to 150 slot machines with a maximum jackpot of £4000.
The 'small casinos' will have a minimum customer area of 750 sq metres, up to 80 slot machines and a jackpot of £4000.
The shortlist.
In May 2006, a short-list of eight sites, selected from various ones submitted by local councils, was announced for the location of the regional casino. These were:
Wembley was later ruled out, according to the BBC ""The decision came after the local council withdrew its support for the proposed £335m ($632m) gambling venue"". This brought the number of potential venues down to seven. The O2's casino site was involved in controversy after it was revealed that John Prescott had stayed at the ranch of Philip Anschutz, whose Anschutz Entertainment Group is involved in the reopening of the dome site as a sporting and entertainment venue. On 30 August 2006 it was reported on the BBC Radio 4 7 o'clock news that construction on The O2's super casino site had already started, despite the site of the casino being reportedly stated by the Government to still be in the consultation phase.
Sites rejected at this shortlisting phase included:
On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the first regional casino would be built in East Manchester near the City of Manchester Stadium. This was regarded as a shock to the Blackpool and The O2 (formerly the Millennium Dome) bids, both of whom were regarded as the favourites. However, the Blackpool bid organisers pledged to continue the work in getting government approval for a 'supercasino'. 
The Casino Advisory Panel also recommend that the areas in which large casinos should be licensed are: Great Yarmouth; Kingston-upon-Hull; Leeds; Middlesbrough; Milton Keynes; Newham; Solihull and Southampton. Also small casinos should be licensed at: Bath and North East Somerset; Dumfries and Galloway; East Lindsey; Luton; Scarborough; Swansea; Torbay and Wolverhampton.

</doc>
<doc id="5963012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963012" title="Skjelviki">
Skjelviki

Skjelviki is a village on the island and municipality of Askøy, Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the island, by the Herdlefjord.
From 1837 Skjelviki was administratively a part of Alversund municipality. On 15 October 1923, Meland was separated from Alversund to create a separate municipality, and Skjelviki was located in the district Hanevik which then was a part of Meland. On 1 January 1964 the district Hanevik, then with 193 inhabitants, was moved to Askøy municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5963024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963024" title="Nouvelles Saisons">
Nouvelles Saisons

Nouvelles Saisons was a politically oriented society in France that existed during the French Second Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="5963031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963031" title="External orifice of the uterus">
External orifice of the uterus

The external orifice of the uterus (or ostium of uterus, or external os) is a small, depressed, somewhat circular aperture on the rounded extremity of the vaginal portion of the cervix. Through this aperture, the cervical cavity communicates with that of the vagina. 
The external orifice is bounded by two lips, an anterior and a posterior. The anterior is shorter and thicker, though it projects lower than the posterior because of the slope of the cervix. Normally, both lips are in contact with the posterior vaginal wall.
In the prepartum condition, or prior to pregnancy, the external orifice has a rounded shape when viewed through the vaginal canal (as through a speculum). Following parturition, the orifice takes on an appearance more like a transverse slit or is "H-shaped".

</doc>
<doc id="5963034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963034" title="Jared Wells">
Jared Wells

Jared Linn Wells (born October 31, 1981 in Freeport, Texas) is a professional baseball pitcher with the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He appeared briefly in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the San Diego Padres in 2008.
Professional career.
San Diego Padres.
Wells was Selected by the San Diego Padres in the 31st round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft, signed by San Diego Padres scout Jay Darnell in . That year, Wells was assigned to the Short-Season A Eugene Emeralds. He had a record of 4-6 with a 2.75 ERA. The ERA was good enough for seventh lowest among Northwest League starters.
In Wells was sent up to the Single-A Fort Wayne Wizards. He compiled a 4-6 record with 4.09 ERA in 14 starts. This soon earned him a promotion to the Advanced-A Lake Elsinore Storm there he had a record of 4-6 with a 4.52 ERA in 12 starts. 
The Padres decided to keep Wells at the Advanced-A level but he soon found himself a promotion to the Double-A Mobile BayBears in . He went 13-8 with a 3.68 ERA in a combined 163 innings between the two clubs, tied for the lead among Padres' farmhands in wins, while his ERA ranked fourth. Wells captured the California League ERA title and was named the league's Pitcher of the Year. Wells was named the Padres Minor League Pitcher of the Year at the club's annual organization postseason Awards Dinner on November 3.
Wells split the season between Double-A Mobile and the Triple-A Portland Beavers, Wells combined record was 6-12 with a 5.16 ERA in 27 starts. In 12 games at Mobile, went 4-3 with a 2.64 ERA. Wells was promoted to Triple-A on June 17 where he struggled with a 2-9 record with a 7.27 ERA.
In Wells saw consistent action at the Triple-A level with Portland but struggled in his transition to the bullpen. Wells went 2-9 with a 5.24 ERA. He also recorded nine saves.
Seattle Mariners.
After just one more appearance with the Padres, he was traded to the Mariners on May 28 for Cha Seung Baek and was assigned to Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers. He was called up by the Mariners on July 10, but optioned to the Rainiers when Félix Hernández was activated the next day.
Wells pitched for the Tacoma Rainiers after starting the season with the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx in .
Colorado Rockies.
On February 5, 2012, Wells signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies.
Sugar Land Skeeters.
Jared is currently pitching for the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Independent Atlantic League

</doc>
<doc id="5963037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963037" title="Carlos Castro Mora">
Carlos Castro Mora

Carlos Eduardo Castro Mora (born 10 September 1978) is a retired Costa Rican football player.
Club career.
He made his professional debut on 19 October 1997 for Alajuelense against Puntarenas and also scored his first goal against Puntarenas on 15 November 1998, but was rumoured to be kicked off of the team for apparently drinking problems (which he denies). In 2003 he moved abroad to play for Rubin Kazan in Russia whom he left in May 2004 to return to Alajuelense. He has played as left back or left midfielder and dribbles and crosses well, he also has good passing skills.
In January 2007 he signed on a free deal for Norwegian firstdivision club, FK Haugesund, but left the club in January 2008 due to the family did not want to stay in Norway. He decided to go back to Costa Rica after a good season in Norway, and signed for his beloved team, Alajuelense. As soon as he signed, he became a regular in the starting line-up. In June 2010 he left them for Puntarenas and he later played for Brujas.
In summer 2011 he had a very short stint at Herediano, joining them in June and leaving them already in August. In summer 2012, Castro was snapped up by Carmelita and on 1 May 2014 he announced his retirement.
International career.
Castro played at the 1995 FIFA U-17 World Championship and 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He made his senior debut for the "Ticos" in a June 2000 friendly match against Paraguay and has earned a total of 48 caps, scoring 1 goal. He has represented his country in 12 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played in Costa Rica's all three matches at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He also played at the 2003 UNCAF Nations Cup as well as at the 2002 and 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cups and the 2001 Copa América.
His final international was an October 2007 friendly match against Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5963047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963047" title="Middleton Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Middleton Township, Wood County, Ohio

Middleton Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,454 people in the township, 3,266 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the northern part of the county, it borders the following townships and city:
The village of Haskins is located in western Middleton Township, and the unincorporated community of Dunbridge lies in the township's east.
Name and history.
Statewide, the only other Middleton Township is located in Columbiana County.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Middleton Township Hall is located in Haskins, at the corner of Liberty Hi Road and Sugar Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5963053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963053" title="Luxembourg Commission">
Luxembourg Commission

The Luxembourg Commission was a labor commission in the 19th century. It was introduced by the Provisional Government of France which formed on the 25th February 1848, following the abdication of Louis-Philippe. The establishment of the Luxembourg Commission, an assembly of workers' delegates, was charged with the task of surveying social problems and suggesting solutions; an elegant gesture from the Provisional government. It was discontinued later the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="5963056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963056" title="Step Out">
Step Out

Step Out is the debut album by Busy Signal. It was released on June 27, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5963064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963064" title="David Petersen (comics)">
David Petersen (comics)

David E. Petersen (born July 4, 1977) is an American comic book creator best known for the series "Mouse Guard".
Early life.
David Petersen was influenced by animated television series such as "The Transformers".
"When it comes to story telling, I’m a big fan of Mike Mignola and Frank Miller. Although "Mouse Guard" doesn’t look like either of their work. My ink work is something that comes from my printmaking background, something you don’t associate with comics, but after seeing some folks like Rick Geary and Gary Gianni doing comics in styles with line quality different than traditional comics, I knew I could incorporate it as well."
"I have long been a fan of classic adventure stories and at one time planned on doing a cross between an adventure story and an anthropology experiment with only animals natural to the same habitat as the main characters. It gave me a problem of coming up with story devices and plot to keep everyone from simply eating each other. It more closely resembled Disney's "Robin Hood" than "Mouse Guard". In giving the mice a leg up, the idea of the mouse guard and how the mice hide themselves away became the most interesting focus. I quickly shifted all attention to their story. In doing so have drawn from some of my favorite creators and their work including Mike Mignola, Frank Miller, Kenneth Grahame, E. H. Shephard, and Rick Geary."
Petersen originally attended Mott Community College in Flint, Michigan, and then transferred to Eastern Michigan University, where he earned his degree in Fine Arts.
Career.
The first "Mouse Guard" mini-series established the Guard's origin. Future series were intended to feature more character development, and greater exposition of the book's setting and history.
The story and characters of "1149", which was to be later known as Mouse Guard, originally involved several different types of animals, but during college Petersen reexamined his story and transformed it from the culture of the several other species into the story of life as mice living a sheltered civilization that only walked the open wild if a specialized mouse group escorted them: the Mouse Guard. After establishing the culture of these mice, Petersen felt that the rest of the animal cultures were only distractions for what he felt the real heart of the story would be: ""the mice overcoming the obstacles of being in a world too big for them"".
Bibliography.
Children's books.
None of these books were published for mass release, though Petersen did make bound editions of several of them for presents (mainly for his wife, Julia). All these books have been placed on the web by David Petersen.

</doc>
<doc id="5963067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963067" title="GVH">
GVH

GVH could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963091" title="Time and Tide">
Time and Tide

Time and Tide (usually derived from the proverb "Time and tide wait for no man") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5963104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963104" title="I Need a Man (Eurythmics song)">
I Need a Man (Eurythmics song)

"I Need a Man" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. Taken from their album "Savage", the song was released as the third single in the UK and the first single in the United States.
The track is a pop/rock number with aggressive, commanding vocal work from Lennox, who lyrically explains all of the things she does not want in a man (""...and he don't wear a dress!""). The music video was the second part of a series directed by Sophie Muller. Part one, for the song "Beethoven (I Love to Listen to)", ended with Lennox's character leaving her home after transforming herself from a dowdy housewife into a disco vixen (a la Marilyn Monroe). Here, the character ends up performing "I Need a Man" in a dimly-lit nightclub.
"I Need a Man" climbed to number twenty-six in the UK singles chart. The first single released from "Savage" in the U.S., the song peaked at number forty-six on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was paired as a double A-side with "Beethoven" on the American 12 inch single and hit number six on the Hot Dance Club Play chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5963106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963106" title="Rob Williams (basketball)">
Rob Williams (basketball)

Robert Aaron Williams (May 5, 1961 – March 10, 2014), was an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the first round (19th overall) of the 1982 NBA draft. 
A 6-foot-2 point guard from the University of Houston, Williams played in two National Basketball Association (NBA) seasons for the Nuggets. When Williams reported to Denver's training camp as a rookie, he was badly out of shape, prompting Nuggets coach Doug Moe to describe Williams as "a fat little hog".
Williams' collegiate career included a trip to the NCAA Final Four, where his Houston Cougars, better known as Phi Slama Jama, fell to the North Carolina Tar Heels in the National Semifinals. 
A former star at Milby High School in Houston, Williams was an electrifying player for the University of Houston, averaging 16 points per game as a freshman, 25 per game as a sophomore, and 21 points per game for the 1982 Final Four team. Williams was an All American and perennial All Southwest Conference performer. His collegiate teammates included Hakeem Olajuwon, Clyde Drexler, Michael Young, Benny Anders and Larry Micheaux among others.
In his NBA career, Williams played in 153 games and scored a total of 1,319 points. Following his brief NBA career, he played professionally in the Continental Basketball Association, Italy, Australia, Spain, and the Philippines.
In 1986, Williams strutted his wares as an import for Tanduay Rhum in the Philippine Basketball Association's (PBA) Reinforced Conference that year, where teams were allowed to suit up two imports no taller than 6 ft 3 in. Along with partner Andre McKoy and local superstars Ramon Fernandez, Freddie Hubalde and Willie Generalao, among others, the flamboyant and sweet-shooting Williams led Tanduay to its first championship in franchise history. In the season-ending Open Conference, where teams were allowed to play two imports, one not taller than 6 ft 6 in and another no taller than 6 ft 3 in, Williams was rehired by Tanduay and paired with his Phi Slamma Jamma brother Benny Anders. However, Anders was sent home after only one game for being out of shape. Andy Thompson, brother of then Los Angeles Lakers forward Mychal, was brought in as a replacement for Anders. But Tanduay would only finish third behind eventual champion Ginebra San Miguel, which boasted of the devastating combo of former Portland Trail Blazers player Billy Ray Bates and Michael Hackett, and Manila Beer, which had another Houston Cougar alumnus in Michael Young and Harold Keeling.
In a May 2005 "Houston Chronicle" story, Williams admitted using drugs while he played. He suffered a stroke in January 1998 that left him blind in his left eye and partially paralyzed along the left side of his body.
In March 2014, Rob Williams died due to congestive heart failure.
Since 2005, Williams and his wife had operated a care facility for mentally-challenged adults in Katy, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="5963108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963108" title="Bristow Norway">
Bristow Norway

Bristow Norway AS (formerly Norsk Helikopter) is a Norwegian helicopter company that transports crew to oil installations in the North Sea. It has headquarters in Stavanger and has additional operations out of Bergen, Brønnøysund, Hammerfest. The company operates a fleet of 17 helicopters and has 315 employees.
The company has contract for crew flights with Statoil, Marathon Oil, BP, Talisman Energy, and ConocoPhillips. In addition it has one AWSAR (All Weather Search and Rescue) Eurocopter EC225 stationed in Hammerfest.
History.
The company started operations from the Norwegian oil capital Stavanger in 1993. The company was a joint venture between the Ugland shipping family (51%) and the Aberdeen based Bristow Group (49%), who operate helicopters to oil installations on the British sector of the North Sea. Bristow Group is partially owned by the American Offshore Logistics, and in total the three companies operate 420 helicopters.
The first new base was opened at Bergen Airport, Flesland in 1999. Later Norsk Helikopter opened bases at Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy (2002) and at Hammerfest Airport (2004). 
In March 2005 the company bought the helicopter operator Lufttransport and its Swedish subsidiary with the same name from Norwegian Air Shuttle. Lufttransport was previously a subsidiary of the main competitor CHC Helikopter Service.
In October 2008 Bristow Group announced the acquisition of the 51% share of Norsk Helikopter which it did not already own, in return for the divestment of Lufttransport to Knut Axel Ugland Holding. The company was renamed Bristow Norway AS in April 2009 and the company is in the process of rebranding its fleet with the Bristow logo.

</doc>
<doc id="5963111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963111" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Winnipeg">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Winnipeg

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Winnipeg () is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the Province of Manitoba. It was previously led by archbishop emeritus James Weisgerber. The archdiocese is the only diocese in Canada that is immediately subject to the Holy See, as it is not part of an ecclesiastical province.
Overview.
As of 2010, the archdiocese contains 92 parishes, 60 active diocesan priests, 26 religious priests, and 166,000 Catholics. It also has 27 Religious Brothers, 113 Religious Sisters, and 19 permanent deacons. The cathedral of the archdiocese is St. Mary's Cathedral in Winnipeg.
Residential bishops.
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Winnipeg and their terms of service:

</doc>
<doc id="5963113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963113" title="Space of flows">
Space of flows

The Space of flows is a high-level cultural abstraction of space and time, and their dynamic interactions with digital age society. The concept was created by the sociologist and cybernetic culture theoretician Manuel Castells to "reconceptualize new forms of spatial arrangements under the new technological paradigm"; a new type of space that allows distant synchronous, real-time interaction. (Castells, p. 146) The space of flows first was mentioned in "The Informational City: Information Technology, Economic Restructuring, and the Urban Regional Process" (1989).
Definitions.
Castells defines the concepts as follows: "The material arrangements that allow for simultaneity of social practices without territorial contiguity. It is not purely electronic space...It is made up first of all of an technological infrastructure of information systems, telecommunications, and transportation lines." (Castells, Manuel (2000): Grassrooting the Space of Flows, hg. von. James O. Wheeler, Yuko Aoyama und Barney Warf, London: Routledge, p.19)
Theoretic.
Traditionally, the concept of space is considered a passive entity, while time is considered a separate and active entity. Space should not be disconnected from time, because space is a dynamic entity related to time. Castells rejected the contention that space will disappear upon the creation of the global city, because space is "the material support of time-sharing social practices". Thus, the "space of flows" is "the material organization of time-sharing social practices that work through flows". (Castells, p. 147)
In 2001, Castells wrote: “the space of flows . . . links up distant locales around shared functions and meanings on the basis of electronic circuits and fast transportation corridors, while isolating and subduing the logic of experience embodied in the space of places”. (“Informationalism and the Network Society” in "The Hacker Ethic and the Spirit of the Information Age" (2001), by Pekka Himanen, New York, Random House pp. 155–78)
Practical.
Space is the physical support of the way people live in time. "Real world time", the space-and-time to which people are accustomed, is the “space of places”, which is unlike the “space of flows” because it lacks the three elements of (i) a proper flow medium, (ii) the proper items composing the flow traversing through it, and (iii) the organisational nodes through which these flows circulate (Stadler, p. 3). The space of flows concept comprehends human action and interaction occurring dynamically and at a distance — effected via telecommunications technology containing continuous flows of time-sensitive communications, and the nodes of global computer systems. These informational flows connect people to a continuous, real-time cybernetic community that differs from the global village because the groups’ positions in time become more important than their places.
Sources.
Castells, Manuel. "An Introduction to the Information Age" in "The Information Society Reader", Frank Webster, Raimo Blom, Erkki Karvonen, Harri Melin, Kaarle Nordenstreng, and Ensio Puoskari, editors. London and New York: Routledge, 2004. pp 138–49.
Stalder, Felix. "The Status of Objects in the Space of Flows", Diss. University of Toronto (2003). 13 February 2006 <http://felix.openflows.org/html/objects_flows.pdf>.

</doc>
<doc id="5963117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963117" title="List of primary schools in Hong Kong">
List of primary schools in Hong Kong

The list of primary schools in Hong Kong is arranged by 18 districts of Hong Kong. It includes government schools, aided schools, Direct Subsidy Scheme (DSS) schools, private schools, as well as English Schools Foundation (ESF) schools and other international schools.
Primary schools in Hong Kong.
Central and Western District.
Central and Western District schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5963125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963125" title="War Heroes">
War Heroes

War Heroes is a posthumous sixth studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix, released on October 1 and December 1972 in the UK and the US, respectively. It was the third Hendrix studio album released after his death and was engineered, mixed and compiled by Eddie Kramer and John Jansen. Though Hendrix produced many of the songs, he was not credited for such.
"War Heroes" contains the three remaining tracks featured on "First Rays of the New Rising Sun" which were not included on "The Cry of Love" or "Rainbow Bridge": "Stepping Stone", "Izabella" and "Beginnings" (listed on War Heroes as "Beginning").
The album reached #23 in the UK Albums Chart and #48 on the US "Billboard 200".

</doc>
<doc id="5963128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963128" title="Wilmer López">
Wilmer López

Wilmer López Arguedas (born 3 August 1971) is a retired Costa Rican footballer. He played for LD Alajuelense and is one of the club's biggest idols of all time.
Club career.
López made his debut in the Costa Rican Primera División on 5 January 1992 playing with AD Carmelita against ASODELI. The following next season, he was bought by LD Alajuelense, becoming one of the most beloved players and a crowd favorite, playing 13 seasons and winning 7 Costa Rican Championships, 3 Copa Interclubes UNCAF championships and 1 CONCACAF Champions' Cup, being part of the team that won 4 national championships in a row (1999–2000–2002–2003). He was named the best player of the national tournament for two seasons in a row before moving to Colombia, and again during another season, when he returned to Costa Rica. He also played the Copa Merconorte and the Copa Sudamericana.
The midfielder, known as "El Pato" (The Duck), played for Carmelita, Deportes Tolima in Colombia and LD Alajuelense, before he was transferred to his current club, Municipal Pérez Zeledón. He is also known as "El Ingeniero" (The Engineer) due to his amazing ability to create plays with short and long passes and also for his fast thinking that made him one of the best midfielders in the region during the '90s and the early 2000s. After 2003, he suffered multiple injuries that made him lose a lot of games and he never regained his earlier abilities as a player, although he was still loved by the crowd and gave a few good games along the road to the end of the 2007 season when his contract expired and the team decided not to hire him again. It was a very sad day for all the LD Alajuelense's fans. Every time the Municipal Pérez Zeledón plays at the Alejandro Morera Soto stadium, his former fans wait for him singing and clapping every time he touches the ball, letting him know he still has part of their hearts.
International career.
López played 76 times and scored 6 goals for the Costa Rica national football team. He was a part of the national squad during the qualifying matches for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and also played in all 3 games during the 2002 FIFA World Cup held in Korea and Japan. He played his last international game in 2003 against the USA.
Retirement.
On Wednesday 23 July 2009 Wilmer "El Pato" Lopez played his retirement match with LD Alajuelense vs a team of friends that he picked himself, he will play the first half with his friends and the second half with LD Alajuelense, to finish the match defending the colors that he loves. In this match, "Pato" played along with his song, who plays as he did when he was starting his career.
"El Pato" was one of the most loved players in LD Alajuelense, along with his devotion to "La 12", the official group of Fans. This become more notorious the day of his retirement, when all the fans jumped into the field to carry him on shoulders for almost an hour.

</doc>
<doc id="5963137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963137" title="Alexander Stewart, Earl of Mar">
Alexander Stewart, Earl of Mar

Alexander Stewart (c. 1375 – 1435), Earl of Mar.
Biography.
He was an illegitimate son of Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan and probably Mairead inghean Eachann.
Alexander held the Earldom of Mar and the Lordship of the Garioch in right of his first wife Isabel Douglas, Countess of Mar (d. 1408). Alexander's marriage to Isabella followed his capture of Kildrummy Castle, and Isabella with it, in 1404. This event sent major shockwaves throughout the kingdom and Alexander only escaped punishment because he was a close relation to the Royal Family. His possession of the Earldom was later regularised in 1424 by grant of his cousin, King James I. 
He was a close supporter of his uncle Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, who was then ruler of the kingdom as regent for his brother King Robert III of Scotland, after he had been badly injured being kicked by his horse. Alexander led the so-called "Lowland" army, in fact that of the north-east and eastern Highlands, against Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles at the bloody and indecisive battle of Harlaw in 1411. 
Unlike his father, who had been unable to keep the peace in the fractious north-east, Alexander, Walter Bower says, "ruled with acceptance nearly all of the north of the country beyond the Mounth". He achieved this not by using different methods from his father but by his ability to keep his cateran forces in check and to use them to protect his extensive lands when needed; the result was that the lowland areas of Aberdeenshire and Moray were protected.
Alexander sat on the jury of 21 knights and peers which convicted his cousin, Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany and two of his sons of treason in 1424, leading to the execution of Albany and his sons and the virtual annihilation of his family.
Marriages and children.
Alexander first married to Isabel Douglas, Countess of Mar (d. 1408). Alexander remarried with Marie van Hoorn, daughter of Willem, Lord of Duffel, in 1410. He died without having a legitimate male heir, and the Earldom of Mar passed to the crown. He had two illegitimate children, Thomas who died childless and Margaret who married Lachlan Maclean of Duart.

</doc>
<doc id="5963143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963143" title="Darrel Akerfelds">
Darrel Akerfelds

Darrel Wayne Akerfelds (June 12, 1962 – June 24, 2012) was a professional baseball pitcher. He also served as the bullpen coach of Major League Baseball's San Diego Padres, from until his death. He also pitched in the major leagues in parts of five seasons from to for the Oakland Athletics, Cleveland Indians, Texas Rangers and Philadelphia Phillies.
Early life and career.
Akerfelds graduated in 1980 from Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado and played baseball at the University of Arkansas and Mesa State College. 
He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the first round with the seventh overall pick in the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft. Just over five months later, he was traded to Oakland, with whom he made his major league debut in 1986. He appeared in two games for the A's before being traded to the Indians in July 1987. He spent much of the 1987 season in Cleveland, appearing in 16 games, 13 as a starter, with a win-loss record of 2-6 and a 6.75 ERA. After spending all of in the minor leagues, he was taken off the major league roster, then was selected in the rule 5 draft by the Texas Rangers. 
After spending most of in the minor leagues once again, appearing in six games for the Rangers, Akerfelds was on the move again. This time, his contract was purchased from Texas by the Philadelphia Phillies. Akerfelds' only full season in the majors came in . He appeared in 71 games for the Phillies, all in relief. He had a 5-2 record with three saves and an ERA of 3.77.
Later career.
Akerfelds started 1991 in the majors, but his ERA rose to 5.26, and he was returned to the minor leagues in July, where he was converted back into a starter. He started eleven games for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons, but his ERA rose to 6.32 at AAA. He was allowed to become a free agent after the season. After being signed by the Baltimore Orioles to start the season, Akerfelds spent another few seasons in the minors, finishing his career in the California Angels' farm system in without returning to the majors.
After his retirement as a player, Akerfelds spent eleven years as bullpen coach for the San Diego Padres.
Illness and death.
In 2011, Akerfelds was revealed to be suffering from pancreatic cancer. Akerfelds died in Phoenix, Arizona on June 24, 2012 from complications of the disease.
References.
http://sandiego.padres.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20120624&content_id=33859242&vkey=news_sd&c_id=sd

</doc>
<doc id="5963147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963147" title="David Hirst">
David Hirst

David Hirst is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5963150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963150" title="Leaving Friday Harbor">
Leaving Friday Harbor

Leaving Friday Harbor, an album by The Battlefield Band, was released in 1999 on the Temple Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="5963152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963152" title="Prima televize">
Prima televize

Prima family (previously Prima televize, originally Premiéra) is a Czech private television station. Its channel is broadcast from Prague. Its current owner is FTV Prima, spol. s r. o., general manager Marek Singer.
The channel has been broadcast since 1993. First only in Prague and Central Bohemia under the name FTV Premiéra; later Premiéra TV. It has held a broadcasting licence since 1994 with a condition that a part of the broadcasting time will be used for local and regional broadcasters. But in fact their total proportion of local programming has been gradually lowered. Since 1997, the name of station has been Prima televize (which in Czech means "cool television"). In 2003, Prima's broadcasting licence was extended until 28 June 2018.
In autumn 2005, a 50% stake was purchased by MTG., since this date, the channel has also aired many new western TV series such as "Bones", "Heroes", "The Closer", "Medium", "Criminal Minds", "Monk" and many more, although Prima has many years of broadcasting of German and French crime series. See the "Foreign series" section.
Renaming into Prima family.
As 31 October 2011, Prima's owner reported the channel's cancellation as of 1 January 2012. Prima TV has ended and since 4:47 AM is substituted by Prima family. Its first show was "Finding Nemo".
The main reason to give back the licence for the original "Prima TV", which could air television far into 2018, was problems with regional televisions, for which Prima had, by old contract, to give regular three-hour-long broadcasts. TV Prima explained to the public that Prima was seen as a family channel. This definitively caused cancellation of new family channel creation. But on 1 August 2013, Prima Family renamed back to Prima again.

</doc>
<doc id="5963159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963159" title="Milton Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Milton Township, Wood County, Ohio

Milton Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 979 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the western part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Three villages are located in the township:
Name and history.
It is one of five Milton Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5963160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963160" title="Mash ingredients">
Mash ingredients

Mash ingredients, mash bill, or grain bill are those materials used in brewing from which a wort can be obtained for fermenting into alcohol. Mashing is the act of creating and extracting fermentable and non-fermentable sugars and flavor components from grain by steeping it in hot water, and then allowing it to rest at specific temperature ranges in order to activate enzymes that will convert the starches to sugars. The sugars, having been run off from the mash ingredients, will later be converted to alcohol and other fermentation products by yeast in the brewing process.
A typical primary mash ingredient is grain that has been malted. Modern-day malt recipes generally consist of a large percentage of a light malt and, optionally, smaller percentages of more flavorful or highly colored types of malt. The former is called "base malt"; the latter is known as "specialty malts".
The grain bill of a beer or whisky may vary widely in the number and proportion of ingredients. For example, in beer-making, a simple pale ale might contain a single malted grain, while a complex porter may contain a dozen or more ingredients. In whisky production, Bourbon uses a mash made primarily from corn (often mixed with rye or wheat and a small amount of malted barley), and Single Malt Scotch exclusively uses malted barley.
Variables.
Each particular ingredient has its own flavor which contributes to the final character of the beverage. In addition, different ingredients carry other characteristics, not directly relating to the flavor, which may dictate some of the choices made in brewing: nitrogen content, diastatic power, color, modification, and conversion.
The color of a grain or product is evaluated by the American Society of Brewing Chemists Standard Reference Method (denoted both SRM and ASBC, although the two methods are equivalent); the older Lovibond series 52 standard, (°L), which corresponds closely to SRM; or by the European Brewery Convention (EBC) standard. The British Institute of Brewing (IOB) standard was formally retired in 1991, but is still occasionally seen in the United Kingdom.
Diastatic power also called the "diastatic activity" or "enzymatic power" for a grain is measured in degrees Lintner (°Lintner or °L, although the latter can conflict with the symbol °L for Lovibond color); or in Europe by Windisch-Kolbach units (°WK).
The adoption of BeerXML as a standard is leading to the development of ingredients databases which attempt to standardise ingredients definitions and characteristics of mash fermentables.
Malts.
The oldest and most predominant ingredient in brewing is barley, which has been used in beer-making for thousands of years. Modern brewing predominantly uses malted barley for its enzymatic power, but ancient Babylonian recipes indicate that, without the ability to malt grain in a controlled fashion, baked bread was simply soaked in water .
Malted barley dried at a sufficiently low temperature contains enzymes such as amylase which convert starch into sugar. Therefore, sugars can be extracted from the barley's own starches simply by soaking the grain in water at a controlled temperature; this is mashing.
Pilsner malt.
Pilsner malt, the basis of pale lager, is quite pale and strongly flavored. Invented in the 1840s, Pilsner malt is the lightest-colored generally available malt, and also carries a strong, sweet malt flavor. Usually a pale lager's grain bill consists entirely of this malt, which has enough enzymatic power to be used as a base malt. The commercial desirability of light-colored beers has also led to some British brewers adopting Pilsner malt (sometimes described simply as "lager malt" in Britain) in creating golden ales. In Germany, Pilsner malt is also used in some interpretations of the Kölsch style. ASBC 1-2/EBC 3–4, DP 60 °Lintner.
Pale malt.
Pale malt is the basis of pale ale and bitter and the precursor in production of most other British beer malts. Dried at temperatures sufficiently low to preserve all the brewing enzymes in the grain, it is light in color and, today, the cheapest barley malt available due to mass production. It can be used as a "base malt", that is, as the malt constituting the majority of the grist, in many styles of beer. Typically, English pale malts are kilned at 95–105 °C. Color ASBC 2-3/EBC 5–7. Diastatic power (DP) 45 °Lintner.
Mild malt.
Mild malt is often used as the base malt for mild ale, and is similar in color to pale malt. Mild malt is kilned at slightly higher temperatures than pale malt in order to provide a less neutral, rounder flavor generally described as "nutty". ASBC 3/EBC 6.
Amber malt.
Amber malt is a more toasted form of pale malt, kilned at temperatures of 150–160 °C, and is used in brown porter; older formulations of brown porter use amber malt as a base malt (though this was diastatic and produced in different conditions from a modern amber malt). Amber malt has a bitter flavor which mellows on aging, and can be quite intensely flavored; in addition to its use in porter, it also appears in a diverse range of British beer recipes. ASBC 50-70/EBC 100–140; amber malt has no diastatic power.
Stout malt.
Stout malt is sometimes seen as a base malt for stout beer; light in color, it is prepared so as to maximize diastatic power in order to better-convert the large quantities of dark malts and unmalted grain used in stouts. In practice, however, most stout recipes make use of pale malt for its much greater availability. ASBC 2-3/EBC 4–6, DP 60–70 °Lintner.
Brown malt.
Brown malt is a darker form of pale malt, and is used typically in brown ale as well as in porter and stout. Like amber malt, it can be prepared from pale malt at home by baking a thin layer of pale malt in an oven until the desired color is achieved. 50–70 °L, no enzymes.
Chocolate malt.
Chocolate malt is similar to pale and amber malts but kilned at even higher temperatures. Producing complex undertones of vanilla and caramel (but not chocolate), it is used in porters and sweet stouts as well as dark mild ales. It contains no enzymes. ASBC 450-500/EBC 1100–1300.
Black malt.
Black malt, also called patent malt or black patent malt, is barley malt that has been kilned to the point of carbonizing, around 200 °C. The term "patent malt" comes from its invention in England in 1817, late enough that the inventor of the process for its manufacture, Daniel Wheeler, was awarded a patent. Black malt provides the color and some of the flavor in black porter, contributing an acrid, ashy undertone to the taste. In small quantities, black malt can also be used to darken beer to a desired color, sometimes as a substitute for caramel color. Due to its high kilning temperature, it contains no enzymes. ASBC 500-600/EBC >1300.
Crystal malt.
Crystal malts are prepared separately from pale malts. They are high-nitrogen malts that are wetted and roasted in a rotating drum before kilning. They produce strongly sweet toffee-like flavors and are sufficiently converted that they can be steeped without mashing to extract their flavor. Crystal malts are available in a range of colors, with darker-colored crystal malts kilned at higher temperatures producing stronger, more caramel-like overtones. Some of the sugars in crystal malts caramelize during kilning and become unfermentable; hence, addition of crystal malt will increase the final sweetness of a beer. They contain no enzymes. ASBC 50-165/EBC 90–320; the typical British crystal malt used in pale ale and bitter is around ASBC 70–80.
Distillers malt.
Standard distillers malt or pot still malt is quite light and very high in nitrogen compared to beer malts. These malts are used in the production of whiskey/whisky and generally originate from northern Scotland.
Peated malt.
Peated malt is also available; this is distillers malt that has been smoked over burning peat, which imparts the aroma and flavor characteristics of Islay whisky and some Irish whiskey. Some recent brewers have also included peated malt in interpretations of Scotch ales, although this is generally ahistorical. When peat is used in large amounts for beer making, the resulting beer tends to have a very strong earthy and smoky flavour which most mainstream beer drinkers would find extremely irregular.
Vienna malt.
Vienna malt or Helles malt is the characteristic grain of Vienna lager and Märzen; although it generally takes up only ten to fifteen percent of the grain bill in a beer, it can be used as a base malt. It has sufficient enzymatic power to self-convert, and it is somewhat darker and kilned at a higher temperature than Pilsner malt. ASBC 3-4/EBC 7–10, DP 50 °Lintner.
Munich malt.
Munich malt is used as the base malt of the bock beer style, especially doppelbock, and appears in dunkel lager and Märzens in smaller quantities. While a darker grain than pale malt, it has sufficient diastatic power to self-convert, despite being kilned at temperatures around 115 °C. It imparts "malty," although not necessarily sweet characteristics, depending on mashing temperatures. ASBC 4-6/EBC 10–15, DP 40 °Lintner.
Rauchmalz.
Rauchmalz is a German malt that is prepared by being dried over an open flame rather than via kiln. The grain has a smoky aroma and is an essential ingredient in Bamberg Rauchbier.
Acid malt.
Acid malt, whose grains contain lactic acid, can be used as a continental analog to Burtonization. Acid malt lowers mash pH, and provides a rounder, fuller character to the beer, enhancing the flavor of Pilseners and other light lagers. Lowering the pH also helps prevent beer spoilage through oxidation.
Other malts.
Honey malt is an intensely flavored, lightly colored malt. 18–20 °L.
Melanoidin malt, a malt like the Belgian Aromatic malt, adds roundness and malt flavor to a beer with a comparably small addition in the grain bill. It also stabilizes the flavor.
Unmalted barley.
Unmalted barley kernels are used in mashes in Irish whiskey.
Roast barley are unmalted barley kernels which have been toasted in an oven until almost black. Roast barley is, after base malt, usually the most-used grain in stout beers, contributing the majority of the flavor and the characteristic dark-brown color; undertones of chocolate and coffee are common. ASBC 500-600/EBC >1300 or more, no diastatic activity.
Black barley is like roast barley except even darker.
Flaked barley is unmalted, dried barley which has been rolled into flat flakes. It imparts a rich, grainy flavor to beer and is used in many stouts, especially Guinness stout; it also improves head formation and retention.
Torrefied barley is barley kernels that have been heated until they pop like popcorn.
Other grains.
Wheat.
Wheat malt.
Beer brewed in the German Hefeweizen style relies heavily on malted wheat as a grain. Under the Reinheitsgebot, wheat was treated separately from barley, as it was the more expensive grain.
Torrefied wheat.
Torrefied wheat is used in British brewing to increase the size and retention of a head in beer. Generally it is used as an enhancer rather than for its flavor.
Raw wheat.
Belgian witbier and Lambic make heavy use of raw wheat in their grist. It provides the distinctive taste and clouded appearance in a witbier and the more complex carbohydrates needed for the wild yeast and bacteria that make a lambic.
Wheat flour.
Until the general availability of torrefied wheat, wheat flour was often used for similar purposes in brewing. Wheat flour was also, erroneously, used as a yeast food in medieval and renaissance brewing; flour would be cast into the fermenter to feed top-floating yeasts, which have no means of absorbing the raw flour. Brewer's flour is only rarely available today, and is of a larger grist than baker's flour.
Rye.
The use of rye in a beer typifies the rye beer style, especially the German "Roggenbier". Rye is also used in the Slavic kvass and Finnish sahti farmhouse styles, as readily available grains in eastern Europe. However, the use of rye in brewing is considered difficult as rye lacks a hull (like wheat) and contains large quantities of beta-glucans compared to other grains; these long-chain sugars can leach out during a mash, creating a sticky gelatinous gum in the mash tun, and as a result brewing with rye requires a long, thorough beta-glucanase rest. Rye is said to impart a spicy, dry flavor to beer.
Sorghum and millet.
Sorghum and millet are often used in African brewing. As gluten-free grains, they have gained popularity in the Northern Hemisphere as base materials for beers suitable for people with coeliac disease. Sorghum produces a dark, hazy beer, however, and sorghum malt is difficult to prepare and rarely commercially available outside certain African countries. Millet is an ingredient in chhaang and pomba, and both grains together are used in oshikundu.
Rice and corn.
In the US, rice and corn (maize) are often used by commercial breweries as a means of adding fermentable sugars to a beer cheaply, due to the ready availability and low price of the grains. Corn is also the base grain in chicha and some caium, as well as Bourbon whiskey and Tennessee Whiskey; while rice is the base grain of happoshu and various mostly Asian fermented beverages often referred to as "rice wines" such as sake and makgeolli; corn is also used as an ingredient in some Belgian beers such as Rodenbach to lighten the body.
Corn was originally introduced into the brewing of American lagers because of the high protein content of the six-row barley; adding corn, which is high in sugar but low in protein, helped thin out the body of the resulting beer. Increased amounts of corn use over time led to the development of the American pale lager style. Corn is generally not malted (although it is in some whiskey recipes) but instead introduced into the mash as flaked, dried kernels. Prior to a brew, rice and corn are cooked to allow the starch to gelatinize and thereby render it convertible.
Non-grain solids.
Buckwheat and quinoa, while not grains, both contain high levels of available starch and protein, while containing no gluten. Therefore, some breweries use these plants in the production of beer suitable for people with coeliac disease, either alone or in combination with sorghum.
Syrups and extracts.
Another way of adding sugar or flavoring to a malt beverage is the addition of natural or artificial sugar products such as honey, white sugar, Dextrose, and/or malt extract. While these ingredients can be added during the mash, the enzymes in the mash do not act on them. Such ingredients can be added during the boil of the wort rather than the mash, and as such, are also known as "copper sugars".
One syrup which is commonly used in the mash, however, is dry or dried malt extract or DME. DME is prepared by fully converting base malt, then draining the resulting mash, still including amylases, and evaporating it down to a high density. DME is used extensively in homebrewing as a substitute for base malt. It typically has no diastatic power because it is all used up in the production process.
Regional differences.
Britain.
British brewing makes use of a wide variety of malts, with considerable stylistic freedom for the brewer to blend them. Many British malts were developed only as recently as the Industrial Revolution, as improvements in temperature-controlled kilning allowed finer control over the drying and toasting of the malted grains.
The typical British brewer's malt is a well-modified, low-nitrogen barley grown in the east of England or southeast of Scotland. In England, the best-known brewer's malt is made from the Maris Otter strain of barley; other common strains are Halcyon, Pipkin, Chariot, and Fanfare. Most malts in current use in Britain are derived from pale malt and were invented no earlier than the reign of Queen Anne. Brewing malt production in Britain is thoroughly industrialized, with barley grown on dedicated land and malts prepared in bulk in large, purpose-build maltings and distributed to brewers around the country to order.
Continental Europe.
Before controlled-temperature kilning became available, malted grains were dried over wood fires; Rauchmalz () is malt dried using this traditional process. In Germany, beech is often used as the wood for the fire, imparting a strongly smoky flavor to the malt. This malt is then used as the primary component of rauchbier; alder-smoked malt is used in Alaskan smoked porters. Rauchmalz comes in several varieties, generally named for and corresponding to standard kilned varieties (e.g. Rauchpilsener to Pilsener); color and diastatic power are comparable to those for an equivalent kilned grain.
Similarly to crystal malts in Britain, central Europe makes use of caramel malts, which are moistened and kilned at temperatures around 55–65 °C in a rotating drum before being heated to higher temperatures for browning. The lower-temperature moistened kilning causes conversion and mashing to take place in the oven, resulting in a grain's starches becoming mostly or entirely converted to sugar before darkening. Caramel malts are produced in color grades analogous to other lager malts: carapils for pilsener malt, caravienne or carahell for Vienna malt, and caramunch for Munich malt. Color and final kilning temperature are comparable to non-caramel analog malts; there is no diastatic activity. Carapils malt is sometimes also called dextrin malt. 10–120 °L.
The United States.
American brewing combines British and Central European heritages, and as such uses all the above forms of beer malt; Belgian-style brewing is less common but its popularity is growing. In addition, America also makes use of some specialized malts:
6-row pale malt is a pale malt made from a different species of barley. Quite high in nitrogen, 6-row malt is used as a "hot" base malt for rapid, thorough conversion in a mash, as well as for extra body and fullness; the flavor is more neutral than 2-row malt. 1.8 °L, 160 °Lintner.
Victory malt is a specialized lightly roasted 2-row malt that provides biscuity, caramel flavors to a beer. Similar in color to amber and brown malt, it is often an addition to American brown ale. 25 °L, no diastatic power.
Other notable American barley malts include Special Roast and coffee malt. Special Roast is akin to a darker variety of victory malt.
Belgium.
Belgian brewing makes use of the same grains as central European brewing. In general, though, Belgian malts are slightly darker and sweeter than their central European counterparts. In addition, Belgian brewing uses some local malts:
Pale malt in Belgium is generally darker than British pale malt. Kilning takes place at temperatures five to ten °C lower than for British pale malt, but for longer periods; diastatic power is comparable to that of British pale malt. ASBC 4/EBC 7.
Special B is a dark, intensely sweet crystal malt providing a strong malt flavor.
Biscuit malt is a lightly flavored roasted malt used to darken some Belgian beers. 45–50 EBC/25 °L.
Aromatic malt, by contrast, provides an intensely malty flavor. Kilned at 115 °C, it retains enough diastatic power to self-convert. 50–55 EBC/20 °L.

</doc>
<doc id="5963170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963170" title="Lyons, New York (disambiguation)">
Lyons, New York (disambiguation)

Lyons, New York, may refer to either of two places in Wayne County, New York, USA:

</doc>
<doc id="5963176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963176" title="Pyotr Gorlov">
Pyotr Gorlov

Pyotr Gorlov (11 May 1839 in Irkutsk, Irkutsk Governorate, Russian Empire - 20 November 1915) was a geologist and engineer who explored many of the mines in the Donbas region of Ukraine. He founded the city of Horlivka; the city has a monument in honor of him.

</doc>
<doc id="5963190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963190" title="Connington South rail crash">
Connington South rail crash

The Connington South rail crash occurred on 5 March 1967 on the East Coast Main Line near the village of Conington, Huntingdonshire, England. Five passengers were killed and 18 were injured.
The 22:30 express from King's Cross to Edinburgh, hauled by a Deltic locomotive, was travelling along the Down Fast line at around 75 mph when the rear portion of the train was derailed to the left. The last four coaches came to rest on their sides and two others were derailed.
Investigation.
The interlocking showed that the Home signal had been at Danger when the accident occurred, but the driver and secondman stated that it was displaying Green until it passed out of their sight.
Just beyond the Home signal there were points for controlling movements from the Down Fast to the Down Goods line, and it was on these that the train was derailed. The points were locked in position by two means:
No fault was found with either the track or the train.
Immediately after the accident, 20-year-old signalman A. J. Frost claimed that he had accidentally changed the points while "swinging" on the levers. The public inquiry into the accident surmised that, as the train approached Connington South signal box, the signalman had:
This sequence would have had to occur in the time between the train passing the Home signal and running on to the track circuit, i.e. in less than two seconds. Tests were conducted using a similar signalling frame to the one at Connington South and it was found that an experienced signalman could just about manage to reproduce the sequence. Thus, it was shown that the interlocking could be defeated.
It was clear that the signalman had stood for some seconds with the points lever slightly out of its frame, moved it just as the sixth coach was passing over it, then returned it to its normal position. This would be a premeditated rather than an accidental act.
Consequences.
The signalman had entered the railway service in January 1965 after serving with the Royal Marines. He had been discharged after suffering from "hysteria and immature personality", but this was not known to the railway management at the time, even though his references had been taken up.
He was tried on charges of manslaughter and endangering the safety of railway passengers in November 1968. After a trial lasting 11 days, the judge instructed the jury to acquit him on the charges of manslaughter and sentenced him to two years' imprisonment for unlawfully operating the signal and points mechanism of the Connington South signal box so as to endanger persons being conveyed on a railway, on which charge the signalman had changed his plea to guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="5963191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963191" title="Ron Johnson (running back)">
Ron Johnson (running back)

Ronald A. Johnson (born October 17, 1947) is a former professional American football halfback. A 1965 graduate of Detroit's Northwestern High School; Ron played football for the University of Michigan and then with the Cleveland Browns, the New York Giants and the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. His brother, Alex Johnson, played major league baseball for several teams and won the American League Batting title in 1970.
Johnson finished sixth in the 1968 Heisman Trophy voting. He was Michigan’s top student-athlete (1966-1968) where he received the Big 10 Medal (which is awarded to the most outstanding scholar-athlete in the school) and earned All-American honors his senior year at Michigan as a halfback. He also set the school record by rushing for 347 yards against Wisconsin in 1968, a record that still stands. In fact, Johnson still owns two of the top five single-game rushing performances in school history as follows:
After graduating from Michigan with a Business degree, Johnson played for seven years (1969-1975) in the NFL as a first-round draft pick of the Cleveland Browns and later played for the New York Giants. Ron rushed for 1,000 yards in 1970 and 1972, the first two 1,000-yard seasons in Giants history. Those were the only 2 winning seasons the Giants had between 1964 and 1980.
Johnson is a graduate of Michigan's Ross School of Business (1969). His brother, Alex Johnson, was a professional baseball player.
Johnson is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.[http://www.collegefootball.org/news.php?id=836]
While with the Giants, Johnson lived in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
After retirement.
In 2006, Johnson was named the chairman of the National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame, becoming the organization’s fifth chairman in 59 years. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1992.
After retiring from professional football, Johnson started a food service company in 1983. In 2008, Johnson was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. His son Christopher has taken over managing the business, and Johnson is currently residing in a residential care facility. 

</doc>
<doc id="5963194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963194" title="Daniel Vallejos">
Daniel Vallejos

Luis Daniel Vallejos Obregón (born 27 May 1981) is a Costa Rican professional footballer. He currently plays for Asociación Deportiva Guanacasteca in the Segunda División de Costa Rica.
A defensive midfielder, he has played in C.S Herediano, Puntarenas F.C and A.D Santos de Guápiles.
After playing for Santos de Guápiles, Vallejos decided to cease playing professional soccer in his country.
International career.
Vallejos made 15 appearances for the Costa Rica national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He made his debut in a friendly against Japan just before the World Cup finals on April 12, 2002. He collected his 15th and last cap (no goals scored) so far in a friendly international against China in September 2004.
Vallejos also played in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship finals in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="5963205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963205" title="Darren Balsley">
Darren Balsley

Darren Balsley (born October 27, 1964 in Newport Beach, California) is the current pitching coach at Major League Baseball's San Diego Padres franchise. He was a minor-league pitcher before he decided to go into coaching. He went to Mount Carmel High School in San Diego and attended Palomar College. He has been in his current role since May 17, 2003. Under his tutelage, the Padres pitching has greatly improved, with the team ERA going from 4.87 in 2003 to a Major-League best 3.70 in 2007 to now a Major-League leading best again 3.07 ERA in 2010. Also, many pitchers have gone on to have some of the best years of their careers under his watch. These players include Heath Bell, Jake Peavy, Cla Meredith, Chris Young, Akinori Otsuka, and Kevin Cameron.
The Padres moved into cavernous Petco Park in 2004. One of the most extreme pitchers' parks in the league, this development bears much of the responsibility for the Padres pitchers' statistical improvement during Balsley's tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="5963212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963212" title="Dragon of Mordiford">
Dragon of Mordiford

The Dragon of Mordiford was said to reside just outside the Herefordshire village of Mordiford, in south-west England.
From early life, the dragon, green in colour, was said to have loved a small girl named Maud who resided in Mordiford and had nurtured it from infancy. When it grew into adolescence and adulthood, she remained the only person safe from its reign. Only she could soothe it, by gently stroking its claws and cuddling with it.
Early life.
The legend explains that the dragon was found by a little girl from Mordiford, Maud, who had desperately wanted a pet. While wandering the forest adjacent to her village one day, Maud had found a small bright creature with a snout and small, translucent wings prowling around a small group of flowers. Excited by the creature, the girl took it home to show to her parents. Immediately her mother and father realized it a wyvern and commanded Maud to take it back to where she had found, lest it cause trouble in the village. Maud, indignantly resisting, agreed but instead brought the infant dragon to a hiding place in the forest. There she nurtured her "pet" with milk, playing with it and watching it try to fly. Yet the dragon matured vastly over each month, eventually reaching an emerald tone and developing thick, powerful wings.
Later life.
In the legend, after reaching maturity, the dragon's hunger could not be satisfied with milk anymore—it now had an enormous hunger for meat. Soon, it began to plague the local farms, killing their livestock, especially cows and sheep, and farmers were intolerant. These men tried to stop the beast by extermination, but it soon feasted upon them, finding human flesh delicious. Maud implored the beast during her visits afterward to stop its rampage. Still the beast, now fully mature, killed everything in its way except for Maud, its only friend.
The townspeople in the tale grew exhausted of the constant attacks from the dragon and desperate, sought help from the noblemen of Mordiford. A man from the local Garstone family set out in full armour to end the beast's life forever, finding the beast nearly camouflaged into the forest's many plants. The dragon almost instantly released a blast of fire, Garstone barely deflecting it. He aimed a lance at the wyvern's throat, releasing it and fully penetrating through the dragon. Maud, insane with rage, burst from the surrounding forest and came to mourn her past pet.
Aftermath.
The story of the dragon remains part of Mordiford's culture: it is continually mentioned in modern records of the town. From the time the dragon was said to have lived until 1811, a portrait of the dragon appeared on the wall of the main church of the village. In 1811, however, a vicar ordered it destroyed because dragons were considered "a sign of the devil".

</doc>
<doc id="5963216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963216" title="Lament for a Nation">
Lament for a Nation

Lament for a Nation is a 1965 essay of political philosophy by Canadian philosopher George Grant. The essay examined the political fate of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker's Progressive Conservative government in light of its refusal to allow nuclear arms on Canadian soil and the Liberal Party's political acceptance of the warheads. Its influence and importance in Canadian intellectual history cannot be denied, the book immediately became a best seller and "inspired a surge of nationalist feeling" in Canada, evident in its recognition as one of The Literary Review of Canada's 100 most important Canadian books in 2005.
Although grounded in the particular examination of Diefenbaker's fate in the 1963 federal election, the analysis transcended Canadian politics, studying Canadian and American national foundations, Conservatism in Britain and North America, Canada's dual nature as a French and English nation, the fate of Western Enlightenment, and the philosophical analysis of citizenship in modern democracies.
Content.
According to Grant, Diefenbaker's position against the Bomarc was defeated by the Central Canadian establishment, who conspired with the Liberal Party to bring down Diefenbaker and diminish Canadian sovereignty. This was his lament; he felt there was an emerging Americanization of Canadians and Canadian culture due to the inability of Canadians to live outside of the hegemony of American liberal capitalism - and the technology that emanates from that system. He saw a trend occurring in Canada from one of nationalism to continentalism.
Grant suggested that the absorption of Canada into the United States was due in part to the idea of human progress as an inevitable force of a homogenizing nature, which occurs through the power of government, corporations, and technology. He notes that the idea of progress is often associated with improvement, that it is assumed that evolution will always be a positive change. 
He asserts that necessity and good are not the same thing and in his conclusion he ponders the good that can result from the erasure of boundaries between the two countries, such as increased access to material goods and more significantly the freedom offered by liberalism. Grant also argued that the media was used to enforce power structures rather than to convey factual data following the practice of empire.
Grant follows Diefenbaker’s rise and fall noting that when his 1958 victory was due to his support by local business men who were threatened by large corporations, ironically, his later defeat would be due to the same reason, large corporations were offended by his opposition and concern with the people.
Critical reception.
Described as one of the seminal works of Canadian political thought, it discusses the influence of the United States via liberalism and technology on Canada - which Grant argued was traditionally a less-liberal and more traditionally conservative entity and culture. Grant argued that Canada was doomed as a nation as was illustrated by the 1963 Bomarc Missile Program crisis. He predicted the end of Canadian nationalism, which for Grant meant a small-town, populist conception of Canada as a British North American alternative to American capitalism and empire, and a move towards continentalism.
In 1970, five years after the book was published, Grant admits it was written out of anger more than anything, yet also was a nostalgic reminiscence of the former uniqueness of Canada, because "Canada was once a nation with meaning and purpose".

</doc>
<doc id="5963223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963223" title="Park View School, Chester-le-Street">
Park View School, Chester-le-Street

Park View School is an academy and sixth form in Chester-le-Street, County Durham for students aged 11 to 18. Year 7 and 8 students spend the first two years at the "North Lodge" site two miles to the north of the "Church Chare" site. During 2012 to 2013, it underwent a £1 million refurbishment.
History.
"Chester-le-Street Secondary School" opened in September 1911. The school changed names to "Chester-le-Street Grammar School" in 1944, the "Deanery" in 1969, "Park View Comprehensive" in 1976, then finally "Park View Community School" in 1982. In July 2011, it became an academy shortening its name to "Park View School".
Ofsted and Academic Achievement.
In 1997 "Park View Community School" was designated as a Language College, and in 2008, it was awarded High Performing Specialist School Status and adopted an additional specialism in Applied Learning. It has also been awarded Beacon Status, the International School Award, the Language for Export Award, the Artsmark Award, the Sportsmark and Activemark Awards 2006, the Leading Edge School Award. The school generally gets good results, with the best GCSE and A-level results in County Durham. The 2004 Ofsted inspection rated "Park View" ""very good"" in every category. Since the 2008 inspection the school has been consistently rated ""good"".
Extracurricular Activities.
In 2007, "Park View" took part in the NGS River Monitoring Project. In 2009, the school had its first student attain a place on the prestigious Prime Minister's Global Fellowship programme, the Global Fellowship programme ceased at the end of March 2011. From 2011, the school has participated in the Comenius Bilateral School Partnerships programme.

</doc>
<doc id="5963228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963228" title="Frederic Dodge">
Frederic Dodge

Frederic Dodge (April 4, 1847 - March 7, 1927) was a federal judge in the United States. 
A native of Massachusetts, Dodge graduated from Harvard College in 1867 and Harvard Law School in 1869. After practicing law in Boston for three decades, in 1905, Dodge was named by President Theodore Roosevelt to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. In 1912, President William Howard Taft promoted Dodge to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, on which he served until he resigned in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="5963233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963233" title="Merv Rettenmund">
Merv Rettenmund

Mervin Weldon Rettenmund (born June 6, 1943) is an American former Major League Baseball player and coach. He played thirteen seasons with the Baltimore Orioles (1968–73), the Cincinnati Reds (1974–75), the San Diego Padres (1976–77) and the California Angels (1979–80).
He helped the Orioles win the 1969 and 1971 American League pennant, the 1970 World Series and the 1973 AL Eastern Division, the Reds win the 1975 World Series and the Angels win the 1979 AL Western Division. He also served as hitting coach for the 1989 World Series champion Oakland Athletics, as well as the Athletics' 1990 A.L. pennant-winners, and the 1998 National League champion Padres.
He finished 19th in voting for the 1971 AL MVP for playing in 141 Games and having 491 At Bats, 81 Runs, 156 Hits, 23 Doubles, 4 Triples, 11 Home Runs, 75 RBI, 15 Stolen Bases, 87 Walks, .318 Batting Average (which was third best in the American League to Bobby Murcer of the New York Yankees [.331], and Tony Oliva of the Minnesota Twins [.337]), .422 On-base percentage, .448 Slugging Percentage, 220 Total Bases, 4 Sacrifice Hits, 3 Sacrifice Flies and 2 Intentional Walks.
In 13 seasons he played in 1,023 Games and had 2,555 At Bats, 393 Runs, 693 Hits, 114 Doubles, 16 Triples, 66 Home Runs, 329 RBI, 68 Stolen Bases, 445 Walks, .271 Batting Average, .381 On-base percentage, .406 Slugging Percentage, 1,037 Total Bases, 36 Sacrifice Hits, 20 Sacrifice Flies and 15 Intentional Walks.
After his major league career, Rettenmund served as hitting coach for the Texas Rangers (1983–1985), the Athletics (1989–1990), the Padres (1991–1999), the Atlanta Braves (2000–2001), and the Detroit Tigers (2002).
After three years out of the majors, Rettenmund returned as hitting coach of the Padres in June, 2006, replacing Dave Magadan. However, he himself was replaced in mid-season the next year (July 31, 2007), by Wally Joyner 
Rettenmund currently resides in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5963234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963234" title="Jerejak">
Jerejak

Jerejak is a 362 hectare island located off the southeastern tip of Penang, Malaysia, a short ferry ride from Bayan Lepas, Penang. It was formerly the main leper asylum for The Straits Settlements (1868), Quarantine Station (1875) and penal colony (1969).
History.
Francis Light, the founder of Penang, was said to have arrived in Pulau Jerejak in early 1786 before heading on to Penang. In 1797, Colonel Arthur Wellesley had proposed Jerejak as the possible site for Fort Cornwallis. His idea of establishing a military post in Jerejak was to offer protection to a new township called Jamestown, which was to be set up in present-day Bayan Lepas. Earlier in 1794, there had been an outbreak of malaria caused most likely by the clearing of the jungle to establish George Town, claiming many lives, including Francis Light himself. Thus, Wellesley was not in favor of the site for Fort Cornwallis to be on Penang island.
This plan did not materialize as George Town was starting to become a profitable port and it soon became unnecessary to establish Jamestown or have a military facility in that location.
As a result of Francis Light's earlier ruling whereby immigrants were allowed to claim whatever land they could clear, Penang became flooded with immigrants. As a precautionary step, these immigrants were sent to Jerejak's health inspection center before they were allowed to proceed to Penang.
In 1868, a leper asylum was completed but only in used in 1871. The cost of construction was supported by the local community. In 1880, it was expanded becoming the collection center of leprosy (leprosarium) for the Straits Settlements until the 1930s.The leprosarium was closed in 1960s and the inmates were transferred to Sungai Buloh Leper Settlement/Leprosarium. Part of the island was made a health quarantine center for immigrants in 1875 at the eastern and northern parts of the island.
A memorial is located in the island dedicated to two crew members of the Imperial Russian Navy who died when their cruiser was sunk by the cruiser of the Kaiserliche Marine in the Battle of Penang on 28 October 1914. This is one of the few incidences of action which took place in Malaysian territory during World War I.
After World War II, there was an increase in the number of tuberculosis patients and a sanatorium was set up in Jerejak for victims. On 12 June 1969, the Jerejak Rehabilitation Centre was set as a maximum security prison, hence earning the island the moniker, the Alcatraz of Malaysia. The centre was eventually closed in August 1993.
Transportation.
The Jerejak Island situated on a 362 ha island, just 10 minutes away from the hustle & bustle of Penang Island, west coast of Peninsular Malaysia. From there, take a 5 minutes ferry ride to Jerejak Island. Ferry ticket must be purchased from the ticket counter at the jetty. RM25 per adult and RM16 per child (two way transfer).
Current Developments.
Plans were made to redevelop Jerejak into a resort in 2000 and this resulted in the closure of the more "unsavoury" institutions in the island like the sanatorium and prison. In January 2004, the Jerejak Resort & Spa was opened for business. The resort was built over the area once occupied by the leprosarium.
This development remains somewhat controversial with concerns about the systematic removal of the island's historical remains and heritage and the impact on Jerejak's fragile eco-system.

</doc>
<doc id="5963236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963236" title="William Sunsing">
William Sunsing

William Sunsing Hidalgo (born 12 May 1977) is a Costa Rican football player who currently plays for Club Xelajú MC in Guatemala.
Hidalgo played professionally for CS Herediano, FK Teplice in the Czech Republic, APO Akratitos in Greece, Deportivo Saprissa and Brujas F.C. in Costa Rica, and New England Revolution in the United States. He is a charismatic winger whose style makes him a crowd favorite. He was nicknamed "The Menace" during his trip through Major League Soccer.
He has played for the Costa Rica national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5963240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5963240" title="RRS Ernest Shackleton">
RRS Ernest Shackleton

RRS "Ernest Shackleton" is a Royal Research Ship operated by the British Antarctic Survey. She is primarily a logistics ship used for the resupply of scientific stations in the Antarctic.
History.
Launched in 1995 as MV "Polar Queen" for GC Rieber Shipping, she was operated in the Antarctic by other national programmes. The British Antarctic Survey acquired her on a long-term bareboat charter in August 1999 and renamed her RRS "Ernest Shackleton" after the British polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton. She replaced RRS "Bransfield".
Construction.
RRS "Ernest Shackleton" is ice strengthened with a double hull construction and is capable of a wide range of logistic tasks as well as having a scientific capability. She has a cargo tender "Tula" on deck for ship to shore transfer of equipment when the ship cannot berth alongside.
Service.
RRS "Ernest Shackleton" is primarily a logistic ship, used for the resupply of the Survey's Antarctic research stations. She loads cargo and science equipment in the Humber and sails to the Antarctic in September/October each year, returning in May/June. After annual refit/drydock, "Ernest Shackleton" is chartered for commercial survey work for the northern summer.

</doc>
