<doc id="5911373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911373" title="Chemical computer">
Chemical computer

A chemical computer, also called reaction-diffusion computer, BZ computer (stands for Belousov–Zhabotinsky computer) or gooware computer is an unconventional computer based on a semi-solid chemical "soup" where data are represented by varying concentrations of chemicals. The computations are performed by naturally occurring chemical reactions. So far it is still in a very early experimental stage, but may have great potential for the computer industry.
Rationale.
The simplicity of this technology is one of the main reasons why it in the future could turn into a serious competitor to machines based on conventional hardware. A modern microprocessor is an incredibly complicated device that can be destroyed during production by no more than a single airborne microscopic particle.
In a conventional microprocessor the bits behave much like cars in city traffic; they can only use certain roads, they have to slow down and wait for each other in crossing traffic, and only one driving field at once can be used. In a BZ solution the waves are moving in all thinkable directions in all dimensions, across, away and against each other. These properties might make a chemical computer able to handle billions of times more data than a traditional computer.
Historical background.
Originally chemical reactions were seen as a simple move towards a stable equilibrium which was not very promising for computation. This was changed by a discovery made by Boris Belousov, a Soviet scientist, in the 1950s. He created a chemical reaction between different salts and acids that swing back and forth between being yellow and clear because the concentration of the different components changes up and down in a cyclic way. At the time this was considered impossible because it seemed to go against the second law of thermodynamics, which says that in a closed system the entropy will only increase over time, causing the components in the mixture to distribute themselves till equilibrium is gained and making any changes in the concentration impossible. But modern theoretical analyses shows sufficiently complicated reactions can indeed comprise wave phenomena without breaking the laws of nature. (A convincing directly visible demonstration was achieved by Anatol Zhabotinsky with the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction showing spiraling colored waves.)
Basic principles.
The wave properties of the BZ reaction means it can move information in the same way as all other waves. This still leaves the need for computation, performed by conventional microchips using the binary code transmitting and changing ones and zeros through a complicated system of logic gates. To perform any conceivable computation it is sufficient to have NAND gates. (A NAND gate has two bits input. Its output is 0 if both bits are 1, otherwise it's 1). In the chemical computer version logic gates are implemented by concentration waves blocking or amplifying each other in different ways.
Current research.
In 1989 it was demonstrated how light-sensitive chemical reactions could perform image processing. This led to an upsurge in the field of chemical computing. Andrew Adamatzky at the University of the West of England has demonstrated simple logic gates using reaction-diffusion processes. Furthermore he has theoretically shown how a hypothetical "2+ medium" modelled as a cellular automaton can perform computation.
The breakthrough came when he read a theoretical article of two scientists who illustrated how to make logic gates to a computer by using the balls on a billiard table as an example. Like in the case with the AND-gate, two balls represents two different bits. If a single ball shoots towards a common colliding point, the bit is 1. If not, it is 0. A collision will only occur if both balls are sent toward the point, which then is registered in the same way as when two electronic 1's gives a new and single 1. In this way the balls work together like an AND-gate.
Adamatzkys' great achievement was to transfer this principle to the BZ-chemicale and replace the billiard balls with waves. If it occurs two waves in the solution, they will meet and create as a third wave which is registered as a 1. He has tested the theory in practice and has already documented that it works. For the moment he is cooperating with some other scientists in producing some thousand chemical versions of logic gates that is going to become a form of chemical pocket calculator.
One of the problems with the present version of this technology is the speed of the waves; they only spread at a rate of a few millimeters per minute. According to Adamatzky, this problem can be eliminated by placing the gates very close to each other, to make sure the signals are transferred quickly. Another possibility could be new chemical reactions where waves propagate much faster. If these teething problems are overcome, a chemical computer will offer clear advantages over an electronic computer.
An increasing number of individuals in the computer industry are starting to realise the potential of this technology. IBM is at the moment testing out new ideas in the field of microprocessing with many similarities to the basic principles of a chemical computer. 

</doc>
<doc id="5911376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911376" title="Cité Europe">
Cité Europe

Cité Europe is a shopping centre located next to the French terminal of the Channel Tunnel at Coquelles. Inaugurated on March 21, 1995, approximately 10 months after the Tunnel opened, Cité Europe has over 140 shops, a hypermarket, a 12-screen cinema complex and around twenty restaurants. Designed by architect Paul Andreu, it is intended to echo the design of the Tunnel. It is easily accessible by public transport, and has free parking for more than 4000 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="5911398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911398" title="Yarnell Ice Cream Co.">
Yarnell Ice Cream Co.

Yarnell Ice Cream Company was the privately owned and operated manufacturer of Yarnell's brand ice cream, frozen yogurt and sherbet products. Founded in 1932, the company's corporate headquarters were located along the east side of Spring Park in downtown Searcy, Arkansas, with 11 branch operations throughout three states. The company was also the only independent ice cream company in Arkansas, where it commanded a large portion of the market share, competing against national and regional brands such as Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries. 
Klinke Brothers Ice Cream Company in Memphis, Tennessee originally made the "Angel Food" brand products. In 2006, it had discontinued manufacturing the product, and licensed the brand to Yarnell's. The "Memphis Business Journal" stated that "The Angel Food brand has been a longtime best seller in Tennessee, Mississippi and southwest Kentucky." Klinke Brothers began focusing more on its Baskin Robbins franchising operations.
Yarnell Ice Cream Co. ceased operations on June 30, 2011. Later that year, Chicago-based snack manufacturer Schulze & Burch Biscuit Co. bought everything from recipes to its real estate for roughly $1.3 million. Yarnell's resumed operations under its new management in April 2012. 
Work Cited.
"It’s the Downhome Goodness." The Daily Citizen (Searcy). 21 June 2007. Online Edition. [http://thedailycitizen.com/articles/2007/06/22/news/opinion/opinion01.txt] accessed 22 June 2007.
Watkins, Warren. "Very Important Ice Cream." The Daily Citizen (Searcy). 25 June 2007. Online Edition. [http://thedailycitizen.com/articles/2007/06/26/news/local_news/news01.txt] accessed 26 June 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="5911402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911402" title="5th LG Cup">
5th LG Cup

The 5th LG Cup featured :

</doc>
<doc id="5911403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911403" title="Sode guruma jime">
Sode guruma jime

Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Sode guruma jime is widely known as an Ezequiel choke () in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The chokehold was renamed in memory of Ezequiel Rodrigues Dutra Paraguassu, a Brazilian judoka. Paraguassu reportedly had difficulty in passing the guards of jiu-jitsu practitioners at Carlson Gracie's academy and instead, he had managed to use sode guruma jime successfully inside their guards.
No-Gi Variation.
Since the choke relies on the leverage created by the gripping of a sleeve, it must be altered slightly to be performed without a gi. Typically, this is accomplished by using the bottom arm to grip the opposite elbow or forearm. It can also be performed without a gi using the fist or wrist instead of the forearm.
Included systems.
Systems:

</doc>
<doc id="5911413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911413" title="Takanori Sugibayashi">
Takanori Sugibayashi

Takanori Sugibayashi (; born 14 March 1976) is a Japanese triple jumper. His personal best is 17.02 metres, achieved in July 2000 in Sapporo. He has competed at the Olympic Games twice.

</doc>
<doc id="5911420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911420" title="Sarasaviya Most Popular Actress Award">
Sarasaviya Most Popular Actress Award

The Sarasaviya Most Popular Actress Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. This award is decided solely on popular vote and is chosen based on the verdict given by the readers of the weekly Sarasaviya. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced two years later, in 1966. 
Jeevarani Kurukulasuriya was chosen as the most popular actress, that year.
Anula Karunathilake, Malini Fonseka, Geetha Kumarasinghe, Sabitha Perera, Dilhani Ekanayake and Sangeetha Weeraratne were the actresses who were eventually crowned as the Most Popular Actresses.
Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="5911421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911421" title="FILMAR Racing">
FILMAR Racing

FILMAR Racing is a former NASCAR Winston Cup and Busch Series team. It was owned by Fil Martocci and crew chief Gil Martin. The team was sold in 1999 to the Pinnacle Motorsports Group and then to Davis & Weight Motorsports.
Beginnings.
FILMAR began racing in 1990 when they fielded the #8 Oldsmobile driven by Bobby Hamilton in the Busch series. Originally unsponsored, they picked up sponsorship from TIC Financial Industries midway through the season. Hamilton had seven top-fives and finished eleventh in points, but departed for the Winston Cup series and was replaced by David Green. Despite missing a pair of races early in the season, Green won the pole for the season-opening Goody's 300 and won at Lanier Raceway. He finished thirteenth in points and finished runner-up to Jeff Gordon for Rookie of the Year honors. At the end of the season, Green was replaced by Jeff Burton. Burton had four top-fives, including a win at New Hampshire International Speedway, and finished ninth in points. 
In 1993, Baby Ruth became the team's sponsor as they switched to Ford, and despite winning at Myrtle Beach Speedway, Burton and the team dropped to fourteenth in points. The team also made its Cup debut that year with Burton at New Hampshire, starting 6th but finishing 37th after their #0 Ford wrecked near the midway point of the race.
Kenny Wallace years.
After Burton left to run for Stavola Brothers Racing's Cup program, Kenny Wallace was hired as the team's new driver for 1994. Wallace won a pole at Nazareth Speedway and won at Bristol, Martinsville, and Richmond late in the year and finished fourth in points. They also ran a Cup race at Michigan, finishing nineteenth in the #81 car.
In 1995, FILMAR and Wallace split time between the Cup and Busch Series. In Cup, the team ran 11 races, finishing in the top-30 three times. In Busch, the team ran fifteen races with sponsorship from Red Dog and won at Richmond and finished 27th in points. In addition to winning again at Richmond in 1996, the team moved up to the Cup series full-time with sponsorship from Square D. Wallace had a seventh place finish at North Carolina Speedway and finished 28th in points. The following season, FILMAR ran its last Busch race at Richmond as the #12 Graybar Ford, starting 27th and finishing 26th. That year, Wallace won his first two career poles in Cup at Martinsville and Bristol. Despite two top-tens, Wallace and the team dropped to 33rd in the standings.
In 1998, Wallace posted seven top-tens but failed to qualify twice, finishing 31st in points.
Davis & Weight.
Towards the end of 1998, Wallace announced he and Square D would be departing FILMAR and join Andy Petree Racing. After rumors spread that Todd Bodine or Willy T. Ribbs would be the team's new driver for 1999[http://www.jayski.com/past/1998/981019.htm], Marcotti sold the team to an organization called the Pinnacle Motorsports Group. The team planned to run that year's Daytona 500 with Morgan Shepherd driving, but failed to qualify. The group was sold again to Davis & Weight Motorsports late in the season. The team made its Busch debut at the Food City 250 with Brandon Sperling driving the #55 Pontiac Grand Prix with sponsorship from the University of Florida. He started and finished 27th. Michael Ritch ran a pair of races for D&W that year, at Rockingham and Memphis Motorsports Park, his best finish a 35th.
D&W hired Ritch to compete full-time in the Busch Series in 2000 competing for Rookie of the Year honors. In addition, they announced they would run the #81 in Cup in five races that season to move up full-time in 2001. Ritch made 21 starts that season and had five top-twenty finishes in the UoF/Kleenex Ford Taurus, and finished 33rd in points, but the team did not attempt any Cup races. In 2001, Mark Green took over, and had a best finish of sixteenth at Darlington Raceway when the team announced it was closing its Busch program to focus on Cup. After announcing they would attempt the Brickyard 400, the team laid off all of its employees and did not attempt a race again.

</doc>
<doc id="5911430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911430" title="Stage pin connector">
Stage pin connector

A stage pin connector (generally known as grounded stage pin/GSP, or as grounded pin connector/GPC) is a standard cable type for theatrical lighting in North America.
Uses.
Stage pin connectors are generally used for conducting dimmed power from a dimmer to stage lighting instruments, although occasionally they can power other equipment.
Construction.
The first stage pin connectors had two cylindrical pins, one for line (hot) and one for neutral, arranged symmetrically in a rectangular housing. The housing was milled from a solid block of fiberglass or bakelite which may have been impregnated with asbestos for fire resistance, with a screw-on cover. Later connectors (including those currently manufactured) use molded plastic housings.
These two-pin connectors were not polarized, and thus the line and neutral conductors could be exchanged depending on which way the connectors were mated. Two-pin connectors may still be found on some equipment and are often saved by electricians for wiring ungrounded fixtures (particularly "practicals"), though this may not be advisable from a safety standpoint.
Modern stage pin connectors have incorporated a third pin for a safety ground connection and are commonly referred to as "two pin and ground" ("2P&G") to distinguish them from their ungrounded two-pin predecessors. The ground pin is situated between the line and neutral pins and closer to the latter. This asymmetrical configuration effectively polarizes the connector ensuring that the line and neutral conductors are not exchanged in a properly wired installation. The ground pin is also longer than the other two, ensuring that the safety ground connection is made first when making a connection.
All stage pin connectors have longitudinal slits in the male pins that allow for compression when inserted into the female sockets to increase friction and therefore the mechanical security of the connection. A special tool appropriately called a pin splitter may be used to expand this slit and spread the two halves of the pin to compensate for wear. A knife may be used to the same effect, but this technique risks both personal injury, damage to the connector, or ruining of the knife blade. For these reasons, a flat-head screwdriver is often used as an impromptu pin splitter.
For some time Union Connector produced 2P&G connectors with a distinctive yellow cover that featured a locking tab in the ground pin that provided a positive mechanical lock to prevent accidental disengagement of the connectors. This design required special connectors on both the male and female side in order to work, meaning that all connectors in an installation would need to be replaced to see a real benefit to the locking feature. The expense of this proposition as well as the unpopularity of the connector itself among technicians led the locking feature to eventually be dropped, and locking connectors are no longer manufactured. The locking connectors that are still found occasionally in installations or spare parts bins are often referred to as "Union Connectors", though the Union Connector brand now features only standard non-locking stage pin connectors.
Since their introduction, stage pin connectors have been available in 20 A, 30 A, 60 A, and 100 A varieties, with the higher-current connectors being not only far larger in size but also with a different pin configuration for ground, neutral and line. Care must be taken when repairing or building these larger connectors, because ground is on the outside pin and neutral is in the middle, with the far pin still being the line.
Cabling.
Extension cables.
Most extension cables made with 20 A stage pin connectors use 12/3 type SOOW or SJOOW cable which has three individually insulated 12 awg (American Wire Gauge) stranded conductors inside a larger jacket. The internal insulation is usually colored black (for line), white (for neutral) and green(for ground). This cable configuration can safely handle the full 20 ampere rating of the connector. The designation SOOW or SJOOW refers to the cable's insulation construction and type. SJ— (300 volts, maximum) and S— (600 volts, maximum) are both "most severe" service cordage. This type of cable is very hard-wearing, resistant to oil and moisture, and resists the kinking that can result in internal conductors unlaying and twisting, which is a common problem with the SJTW cable often used in household-grade extension cords. However, older cable made using natural rubber is susceptible to dry-rotting, particularly in the heat generated by lighting equipment. This can cause the insulation to fail and expose or short circuit the conductors leading to shock or fire hazard if old cable is not inspected regularly and replaced as needed.
Multicircuit cable.
Some stage pin extension cables may be constructed from cable with six or more conductors. This cable can be fitted with multiple stage-pin connectors at either end enabling the single cable to carry multiple independent output channels of dimmed power. Each channel or circuit should have its own line, ground, and neutral conductor independent of the other circuits, though in some cases the ground or neutral lines may be shared among circuits.
Alternatively, multicircuit cables may terminate in multicircuit ("socapex") connectors which may in turn be mated to panel-mount multicircuit connectors on dimming equipment or distribution boxes, other multicircuit cables (to increase length), or break-in/break-out adapters to convert the multicircuit connection to a set of stage pin connections.
Equipment cabling.
The cables integrally connected to lighting instruments (often referred to as pigtails) may use 3-conductor SJOOW or SOOW cable or individual high-temperature wires inside of a fiberglass sleeve. In the either case, the cable is often smaller gauge and sized to the current rating of the equipment it services.
Adapters.
Twofers are used to connect two devices to a single source. They may be constructed using individual wires inside of a fiberglass sleeve or 12/3 cable, though the latter type tends to be harder to construct and more prone to failure.
In some situations it may be desirable to connect an Edison-equipped device to a stage-pin source, such as when using a household fixture as an on-stage practical. Or it may be desirable to connect a stage pin-equipped device to an Edison source, for testing purposes or applications such as using theatrical equipment for architectural or retail displays. In either case, adapters may be constructed with a female Edison connector and a male stage pin connector or vice versa.
Some facilities feature 60 or 100 ampere circuits which have larger versions of the stage pin connector to match the higher current rating. Since it is unusual to require more than 20 amperes on a single circuit with modern lighting equipment, adapters may be made to convert a single 60 or 100 ampere stage pin connection to three to five 20 ampere stage pin connections. However, each downstream connection must be independently protected by a fuse or breaker to avoid exceeding the current rating of downstream cables and connectors.
Stage pin versus NEMA 5-15 (Edison) connectors.
The primary advantage of the stage pin connector over the NEMA 5-15 connector (commonly known as an Edison plug) is its increased durability and resistance to damage due to its more robust construction and the ability to compensate for wear with a pin splitter. Having a distinct connector designated for dimmable power also helps prevent confusion of dimmed and non-dimmed circuits which could lead to equipment damage. Even the smallest stage pin connectors are rated for 20 A, which translates to 2.4 kW at 120 V, compared to the 15 A and 1.8 kW of the NEMA 5-15.
Despite the advantages of stage pin connectors, many smaller installations use Edison connectors due to their availability and the ease of connecting equipment to outlets already available in a building. This reduces refit costs, particularly when small portable dimming packs (often 4×1.2 kW channel models) are used. Such installations may also use inexpensive store-bought extension cables, though care must be taken to ensure that the ratings of such extension cables are not exceeded.
Though the initial cost of constructing a 12/3 stage pin extension cable is higher than simply purchasing an equivalent edison extension cable, the maintenance costs of the former are ultimately lower for several reasons. To begin with, less maintenance will be required as a result of the more rugged construction. When maintenance is required, many cable faults may be repaired by disassembling the connector, replacing broken components with spares acquired by cannibalizing other broken connectors, trimming away defective sections of cable, and reapplying the connector to the cable. This sort of repair is not usually possible with Edison connectors, particularly the factory-molded type. If a connector is beyond repair, a new stage pin connector is often less expensive than a replacement Edison connector when purchased from local vendors.
Safety.
Though stage pin connectors are usually used in part to distinguish dimmed circuits from non-dimmed Edison circuits, newer theatrical installations may have several dimmed circuits that terminate in Edison outlets at various locations for convenience; thus care must be taken to avoid using these circuits for non-dimmable equipment. Connecting certain non-dimmable appliances or equipment to dimmed circuits may result in damage to the dimming equipment or the downstream device.
Most modern stage pin connectors feature a ground pin that is longer than the line and neutral pins, ensuring that the ground connection is made first, and thus the safety ground is in place before line voltage is applied to the downstream equipment.
As an added precaution, some SPCs are built with a clear housing on one side. This allows a user to confirm that they are wired correctly before connecting them.
On some older female pin receptacles, the electrical contacts are not deeply recessed in the plug body and can easily be accidentally contacted resulting in an electric shock if the circuit is live. This was one advantage of the Edison outlet in that it was impossible to contact live parts unless something conductive was inserted into the slots. New connectors have the contacts deeper inside the body.
A major disadvantage to this style of connector is that it can be mated with one connector reversed, reversing ground and line connections. For equipment mechanically attached to grounded building structures such as a lighting instrument mounted to a batten or grid this will cause a line-ground short circuit. For equipment not attached to a building ground, such as a floor-mounted lighting instrument, this condition will cause the chassis of the equipment to become electrified creating a shock hazard. Care must therefore be taken to avoid misaligning plugs. It is also possible to mate stage pin connectors such that the ground pin is inserted into the neutral socket and the neutral pin is inserted into the ground socket, but this mistake does not usually result in a fault condition unless there is a hot-neutral reverse upstream in the cabling.
Standards.
Stage pin connectors are specified by United States Institute for Theatre Technology standard "USITT S3-1997 Standard for Stage Pin Connectors".
Other connectors used in theatre applications.
Many theatres also use Edison plugs, which are the standard connector used in homes and businesses in North America, because of their availability and the ability to connect household fixtures to a theatrical control system. Twist-lock connectors are used in many theatres because of their locking feature, which will not allow fixtures to become accidentally disconnected. It is important to note that all connectors used to power lighting fixtures must be rated at 20 amperes or higher, depending on local electrical codes. Temporary high-power distribution wiring often employs camlock connectors to connect dimming equipment, power distribution units, controllers for motorized chain hoists, and other high-power equipment to a company switch, generator, or other tie-in point.
For individual dimmable lighting fixtures, UK theatrical lighting installations normally use the BS 546 type plug rated at 15 A (the higher phase voltage of 230 V allows lower currents for the same power) or occasionally IEC 60309 16 A industrial plugs.

</doc>
<doc id="5911455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911455" title="Keith Macpherson">
Keith Macpherson

Keith Macpherson is a Canadian singer, musician, and songwriter. 
Keith was a member of the Top 22 in the fourth season of Canadian Idol.
Born and raised in Winnipeg, Manitoba he auditioned for the show "Canadian Idol" in Toronto, Ontario. He is an English major at the University of Winnipeg.
He also sings in a local pop group "Keith and Renée" (formerly named "Easily Amused") with Renee Lamoureux. He has been with his band over the past 10 years without a record label or management deal.
Awards.
Since 2001 the combination of the band quickly vaulted them onto national television in Canada. Macpherson's and Lamoureux's CD Release, Simple Stuff, has been nominated for a Western Canadian Music Award in the “Outstanding Pop Album” category.
Canadian Music Award for Best Online Indie Artists. Their touring and performing at American Campuses has recently landed them an award for The Best College Duo in the United States.
Easily Amused Discography.
Three albums have been released by the "Easily Amused" group:
Easily Amused has also had their songs used in two commercials and three shows radio free Roscoe, 15 love and Degrassi: the next generation.
some of the songs used were no one's fool, only a girl, and good year.
Canadian Idol song list.
Songs that Keith performed on Canadian Idol are:

</doc>
<doc id="5911460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911460" title="Kelley Jones">
Kelley Jones

Kelley Jones (born July 23, 1962, in Sacramento, California) is an American comic book artist best known for his work on "Batman" with writer Doug Moench and on "The Sandman" with writer Neil Gaiman.
Career.
Kelley Jones entered the comics industry as an inker for Marvel Comics with his first published work appearing in "Micronauts" #52 (May 1983). He penciled issue #59 (Aug. 1984) and when the series was relaunched as "Micronauts: The New Voyages" in October 1984, he continued penciling the series through most of its 20 issue run. At DC Comics, Jones redesigned Deadman, making the character look thin and skeletal. His face, formerly drawn to resemble a normal human's head with pale white skin, now looked like a skull. In 1990 and 1991, he drew several issues of Neil Gaiman's "The Sandman" series with contributions to the "" and "" story arcs. Jones and inker John Beatty collaborated with writer Doug Moench on a series of Batman tales including "Batman: Dark Joker the Wild" and the vampire Batman trilogy beginning with "". Jones drew the covers for many of the chapters of the "" crossover storyline. He became the penciler of "Batman" with issue #515 (Feb. 1995) and worked on such story arcs as "".
He illustrated "The Crusades" for Vertigo (2000–2001) and the four-issue mini-series "Conan: The Book of Thoth" for Dark Horse Comics with writers Kurt Busiek and Len Wein in 2006. Since 1997, Jones has also produced a number of works as a writer-artist for Dark Horse, including several miniseries and one-shots starring his creation "The Hammer" (1997–1999): the one-shot "ZombieWorld: Eat Your Heart Out" (1998) and the four-issue miniseries "The 13th Son" (2005–2006). In 2008, Jones returned to Batman, this time in a twelve-issue series titled "Batman: Gotham After Midnight", written by Steve Niles. In 2009, he illustrated the "Batman: The Unseen" five-issue series, re-teaming with Moench.

</doc>
<doc id="5911463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911463" title="Battle of Wuyuan">
Battle of Wuyuan

The Battle of Wuyuan (March 16 – April 3, 1940) was a Chinese counterattack that defeated the Japanese invasion of the Wuyuan area. This happened in reaction to the Chinese 1939-40 Winter Offensive in Suiyuan during the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Japanese call it 第２次後套作戦, The second battle of Wuyuan. 
By the 28th of January 1940 the Japanese had built up forces from 26th Division at Baotou sufficient to launch the 第１次後套作戦 or "First battle of Wuyuan in Inner Mongolia" to recover lost territory and move west to take Wuyuan which fell on February 3 and Linhe further west on the 4th of February.
Units.
Japanese Forces:
Mongolia Garrison Army 駐蒙軍 - Noasaburo Okabe
Chinese Forces:
8th War Area - Deputy Commander Fu Zuoyi
Course of the Battle.
On March 16, 1940 as the Japanese were pressuring its New 4th Division west of Linhe, the rest of the Chinese 35th Corps with the New 31st Division and a regiment of the Garrison Brigade, secretly moved east along the Wu-chia River. On the night of the 20th they entered Wuyuan by surprise and after a seesaw fight over the strongpoint captured the city at 1600 hours on the 21st. The Japanese garrison retreated northward. Chinese forces then moved on to capture a strongpoint around Hsin-an-chen on the 22nd. This cut the road along the Yellow River to Wu-yuan. 
In an attempt to recover the situation the Japanese sent 600 troops from Dashetai via Siyitang, in 80 trucks to make a forced crossing of the Wu-chia River at Ta-tsai-chu 10 km north of Wuyuan. For three days they fought the 101st Division without success. By the 25th they had been reinforced to 3,000 men and made the crossing with artillery and air support. Wu-yuan again fell to the Japanese on the 26th and the Chinese fell back to the banks of Fang-chi-chu [?] and continued their attacks at Xin'an, Xishanzui, Xixiaozhao, and Man-ko-su [?].
Muslim Generals Ma Hongkui and Ma Hongbin defended west Suiyuan, especially in Wuyuan in 1940 against the Japanese. Ma Hongbin commanded the Muslim 81st corps and incurred heavy casualties, but after fierce fighting eventually repulsed the Japanese and defeated them. 
Unable to withstand the pressure of Chinese attacks, the Japanese at Wuyuan retreated on March 30 and 31. On April 1 a guerrilla force and cavalry column recaptured Wuyuan and the 11th Provisional Division recaptured Wu-pu-lang-kou [?]. On April 3 Cavalry recovered Xishanzui as the Japanese retreated to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5911464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911464" title="Ronald Lewis (actor)">
Ronald Lewis (actor)

Ronald Lewis (11 December 1928 – 11 January 1982), was a Welsh actor, best known for his appearances in British films of the 1950s and '60s.
Birth and career.
Lewis was born in Port Talbot, Glamorgan, and made his first screen appearance in 1953. From then on, he averaged one or two films a year until the mid-1960s, including classics like "The Wind Cannot Read" (1958) and "Billy Budd" (1962). As the British film industry declined and he grew older, he made the transition to television but with limited success.
Death.
He committed suicide by taking a barbiturate overdose. In "Twice Round the Daffodils" (1962), Lewis appeared alongside Kenneth Williams, often believed to have also committed suicide. "The Kenneth Williams Diaries" entry for 12 January 1982 records Williams' reaction to Lewis' death: "The paper says Ronald Lewis has taken an overdose! He was declared bankrupt last year! Obviously nobody offered him work & he was driven to despair. I remember Ronnie... and that drinking session at the White Horse all those years ago... he was a kind boy & people used him. He was 53."

</doc>
<doc id="5911466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911466" title="Martín de Rada">
Martín de Rada

Martín de Rada (Pamplona, Navarre, Spain June 30, 1533 - South China Sea, June 1578; also known as Herrada) was one of the first members of the Order of Saint Augustine to evangelize the Philippines, as well as one of the first Christian missionaries to visit Ming China.
Early years.
When he was twelve years old, de Rada's parents sent him and his older brother to study at the University of Paris. But conflicts forced his return to Spain, and he enrolled at the University of Salamanca, where he joined the Augustinians. He made his religious profession there on November 21, 1554.
In 1560, he volunteered to work in New Spain (Mexico), a decision he reached while assigned at the Augustinian monastery in Toledo. Alonso de la Vera Cruz, OSA, an educator who established in Mexico the first university in the New World, later wrote that de Rada was "a man of uncommon talent, a good theologian and an eminence in mathematics. ..." 
In Mexico, de Rada was assigned to study the Otomi language, and was successfully speaking it after only five months in the area. He went on to write instructional sermons and a book in that language. The talents and administrative abilities of de Rada were noted not only by the Augustinian leaders in Mexico but also by his superiors in Spain.
Voyage to the Philippines.
When in 1564 Augustinians were being chosen to accompany Andrés de Urdaneta, OSA, on the royal expedition to the Philippines that was to sail from Mexico under the command of Don Miguel López de Legazpi, his Father Provincial (or regional religious superior) in Spain asked that de Rada should stay in Mexico "until it is known about the success of the armada ( that is, the success of Legazpi's armed fleet armada = armed fleet in its attempt to reach and colonize the Philippines.)
As it happened, de Rada had already sailed in the Legazpi expedition before the Provincial's letter reached Mexico. The Legazpi expedition reached Cebu in the Philippines on April 27, 1565.
When on June 1, 1565, Urdaneta, accompanied by Andrés de Aguirre, OSA, began his historic return voyage of exploration to Mexico, de Rada remained in the Philippines with Diego de Herrera, OSA, and Pedro de Gamboa, OSA. The trio quickly learned the local Cebuano language.
De Rada remained at Cebu from 1565 to 1572, earning him a place in history as "the apostle of the Christian Faith in Cebu."
In 1566-67, he also made voyages to adjacent islands, mainly Panay, and preached there as well. In 1572 he became the Augustinian regional superior in the Philippines.
When previously in Cebu he had begun to study the Chinese language, such that in 1574 he was acting as an interpreter to a group of Chinese merchants who visited Manila.
Legacies.
On June 26, 1575 de Rada and Jeronimo Marin, OSA, accompanied a delegation of officials to China. They reached the port of Amoy (Xiamen) in Hokkien province on July 5, and visited a number of cities. The group returned to Manila on October 28, 1575.
De Rada wrote detailed observations on the Chinese people and their way of life. In 1578 de Rada was once again placed on an expedition by the governor of Manila; this was to Borneo, where there was rivalry within the family of the sultan.
The expedition sailed from Manila on March 3, 1578, but was not successful. On the return voyage many people in the expedition got sick. De Rada was one of those less fortunate, and died at sea between the 8th and the 15th of June shortly before the ship reached Manila. He was only forty-five years of age.
De Rada is much remembered as a great defender of the Filipino people against the lack of justice of Spanish officials at the local level. A key document in this matter was his "Parescer del Provincial fray Martin de Rada, agostino, sobre las coasa de estas tieras" ("About the abuses committed against the natives in the collection of tributes"), dated at Manila, June 21, 1575.

</doc>
<doc id="5911480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911480" title="Michael Cornacchia">
Michael Cornacchia

Michael Cornacchia (born February 23, 1975) is an American actor.
Biography.
Education.
Michael graduated from Conestoga High School in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, and the University of Southern California with a degree in theatre.
Career.
He has appeared on television shows including "ER", "The Practice", "Six Feet Under", and '. He did a pilot for CBS called, "Blind Men" and one for NBC called, "Spellbound". Michael was also in the famous internet series, ', which was written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber. Michael was also in the Academy Award Nominated Short, "Our Time is Up", written and directed by Rob Pearlstein. He appeared as Bobby in David Fickas', "", which was an official selection of the Slamdance Film Fetival. He has also voiced the role of Eddie in the video game version of "Reservoir Dogs". Michael is also well known as Jabba the Hutt and Admiral Ackbar in Patrick T. Gorman's critically acclaimed, "The Star Wars Trilogy in Thirty Minutes". Some of his voicework includes Bouncing Boy in the 2006 animated series, "Legion of Super Heroes", the voice of Candy from "Driver Parallel Lines" as well as Frankie the skua in the Academy Award Winning animated film "Happy Feet" and its sequel. Michael appeared as Burly Bruce Carter in ABC's "Pushing Daisies" and Carter Bump a/k/a, The Cupcake Kid, in ABC's "October Road". Michael plays the security guard chasing after Hannah and Lilly while they drive off with his golf cart in "Hannah Montana: The Movie."
He also guest stars in the episode, "Jake...Another Little Piece of My Heart" as a Las Vegas Cupid Preacher with a New York Italian accent in the 3rd season of "Hannah Montana", the TV series. In the fall of 2009, Michael produced as well as starred in "Grey Skies," a horror film about a group of college friends who reunite to vacation in a remote location only to find that they are not alone. Also in 2009, Michael starred alongside Rhys Darby, Sasha Alexander, and Pam Cook in Edoardo Ponti's comedy, "Coming & Going." Michael's short, "What the F&#$ Was That?!" was also completed in 2009. A short film spoofing the popular ghost hunting shows which Michael directed, starred in, and produced.
In 2012, Cornacchia was cast in the AudioDrop production of Moonie based on Nicola Cuti's classic comic book character.

</doc>
<doc id="5911487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911487" title="Embryo (disambiguation)">
Embryo (disambiguation)

An embryo is an organism early in its development.
Embryo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911512" title="Beppe Carletti">
Beppe Carletti

Giuseppe "Beppe" Carletti (born August 12, 1946) is an Italian musician, founder and keyboardist of the band I Nomadi.
Career.
Carletti was born in Novi di Modena, Emilia-Romagna.
He founded the Nomadi at the age of sixteen, together with Augusto Daolio, Franco Midili, Leonardo Manfredini, Gualtiero Gelmini and Antonio Campari. After Daolio's death, he remained the sole founder member still active with the band.
Carletti has always distinguished for his humanitarian and social engagement. He founded a hospital in Cambodia and Vietnam where girls victims of slavery were helped.
On February 18, 2005, Daolio's birthday, he was named Knight of Italian Republic by president Carlo Azeglio Ciampi.
His favourite football team is Juventus.

</doc>
<doc id="5911513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911513" title="Dana Schoenfield">
Dana Schoenfield

Dana Lee Schoenfield (born August 13, 1953) is an American former swimmer who participated in the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in Munich, Germany and won a silver medal in the 200-meter breaststroke.
Early life.
Schoenfield was born in Harvey, Illinois and spent her childhood in Schererville, Indiana. She first learned to swim at the local Sherwood Golf and Swim Club, where she began to excel in the breaststroke. Her family relocated to Anaheim, California in 1963 where she, along with her brother Michael, actively swam on the Disneyland Hotel Swim Team. She qualified for the Women's Senior National Championships in the 200-meter breaststroke at age 12, the youngest swimmer to participate. As a 14 year-old, Schoenfield was the second fastest Women's 200 meter breaststroke swimmer in the country, and just missed making the 1968 U.S. Olympic Team. She would have been the youngest swimmer on the U.S. Team. After semi-retiring for the next 3 years, she was a varsity cheerleader for Loara High School in Anaheim, California.
1972 Summer Olympic Games.
After graduation, Schoenfield, along with her swim coach Ray Woods, began a one-year regimen of serious training in an effort to make the 1972 Olympic Team. At the 1972 U.S. Olympic Swimming Trials, she qualified first in the 200 m breaststroke, with a personal best time of 2:43.7. At the Munich Olympic Games, she was not expected to 'medal' as she had just the 4th fastest time/ranking for 1972. She placed fourth in the qualifying heats, and was in lane 6 for the Munich final. With her swim idol, Galina Prozumenschikova-Stepanova of Russia swimming in lane 3, she out-touched Stepanova with a time of 2:42.03, another personal best. Beverly Whitfield of Australia, on the outside No. 7 lane, beat Schoenfield for the gold medal at 2:41.7.
College career.
After the 1972 Olympics, Shcoenfield attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where she helped start the UCLA Bruins women's swimming team under the auspices of the AIAW. In 1973, she qualified for the World University Games in Moscow, Russia. Afterward, retiring from swimming, she was selected to the 1975-76 UCLA Spirit Squad as a Songgirl/Dance Team member, where she performed at the 1976 Rose Bowl and the NCAA men's basketball Final Four. She met her husband, Bob Reyes, a UCLA football player, when they shared their first kiss after the Rose Bowl win.
Later years.
Schoenfield and her husband Bob Reyes have two daughters, Taylor and Sammee. The family now resides in Dana Point, California. She is a swim coach and dean at Santa Margarita Catholic High School in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5911518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911518" title="Cuonzo Martin">
Cuonzo Martin

Cuonzo LaMar Martin (born September 23, 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player and is the current head coach of the California Golden Bears men's basketball team.
Playing career.
High school.
1986–1989.
Playing alongside LaPhonso Ellis as a sophomore and junior, Martin played on two state championship teams for East St. Louis Lincoln. His senior year Lincoln became the first team to win three consecutive championships. Through his 3 years in the IHSA tournament, Martin scored 198 points and grabbed 111 rebounds in 12 games.
In 2007, Martin and Ellis were voted one of the "100 Legends of the IHSA Boys Basketball Tournament," recognizing their superior performance in their appearances in the tournament. http://sports.espn.go.com/ncb/news/story?id=6264533
Purdue.
1991–1995.
Cuonzo Martin attended Purdue University, where he played for Gene Keady and alongside Wooden Award winner, Glenn Robinson. The 6'6", 215 lb guard/forward helped lead the Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball team to back-to-back Big Ten Conference Titles in 1994 and 1995 and an Elite Eight appearance. Martin held future NBA players Shawn Respert of Michigan State and Wisconsin's Michael Finley to season lows in scoring as a Senior. On March 24, 1994, Martin set a school record with the most three pointers made in a game, making 8 of 13 threes against Kansas in a Sweet Sixteen, which has since been tied up by Robbie Hummel (January 12, 2010) and Ryne Smith (November 14, 2011). Known as the team's defensive stopper, he was also deadly beyond the arc. He left Purdue with the fourth most three-point shots made with 179, behind Jaraan Cornell's 242 record, while holding the record for the highest career three-point shooting with .451 accuracy. Martin was awarded "First Team All-Big Ten" honors his Senior season, averaging 18.4 points a game. He currently holds another school record for most consecutive games played with 137 straight throughout his career at Purdue.
Professional career.
Hawks, Bucks, Grizzlies, Italy.
1995–1997.
Martin was selected by the Atlanta Hawks as the 57th pick in the 2nd round of the 1995 NBA Draft. He played in only seven career NBA games for the 1995–96 expansion team Vancouver Grizzlies and the Milwaukee Bucks where he re-joined his college teammate and the number one pick in the 1994 NBA Draft Glenn Robinson during the 1996–97 season. He also played professionally in the CBA for the Grand Rapids Hoops and he played the final two years of his playing career in Italy for Felice Scandone. Martin was leading the Italian team in scoring. In November 1997, Martin asked to be sent home, due to various symptoms. He was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Martin began aggressive treatments and chemotherapy and the cancer went into remission. Martin returned to Purdue to finish his degree. After he graduated, Gene Keady hired Martin as an assistant coach in 2000. The Cuonzo Martin Challenge Award to help raise funds for cancer research was established in his honor and he has since been cancer-free.
Coaching career.
Purdue.
2000–2008.
After Frank Kendrick left the Purdue bench in 1999, Martin served as an assistant coach for the Purdue University basketball staff at his alma mater under his former head coach Gene Keady and former teammate, Matt Painter. He helped the Boilers to an Elite Eight appearance and three NCAA Second Round appearances, along with an overall 153–129 record during his eight seasons on the Purdue bench. He was named Associate Head Coach for the 2007–08 season.
Missouri State.
2008–09.
After eight seasons at Purdue, Martin accepted the head coaching position at Missouri State University of the Missouri Valley Conference on March 25, 2008. He replaced Barry Hinson. After falling to Auburn in the season opener, Martin had his first head coaching win over Central Michigan on the road. Martin's Bears won their first game at their new JQH Arena home, beating Arkansas from the SEC. They wrapped up the pre-conference season with a 7–4 record. Martin's Bears headed into conference play with only 3 players appearing in every game, due to a number of injuries. They lost their first conference game in overtime against an undefeated Illinois State. His Bears finished the season with an 11–20 record.
2009–10.
Following his first season as head coach, Martin's top 25 RPI-ranked Bears started the 2009–10 season with a 10–0 start. Missouri State averaged a 10+ margin in points per game coming into Missouri Valley Conference play. Cuonzo's squad finished seventh in conference play with a 20–12 record and accepted a bid to the CIT Tournament, which they ended up winning to finish the season with a record of 24–12.
2010–11.
In Coach Martin's third year at Missouri State, the team won their first regular season Missouri Valley Men's Basketball title and entered the Arch Madness conference tournament as the #1 seed. After reaching the finals, they lost to the Indiana State Sycamores. Although having an RPI of 44, the team was not selected as an at-large team to the 2011 NCAA Men's Basketball tournament. They accepted a bid to the National Invitation Tournament, beating Murray State University at home and then losing to Miami (FL) away in the 2nd round. The team ended the season with a 26–9 record.
Tennessee.
2011–2014.
On March 27, 2011, after 3 seasons at Missouri State, Martin was hired as the head coach of the Tennessee Volunteers.
In three seasons as head coach, Martin led the Volunteers to two NITs and to the 2014 NCAA Tournament Sweet Sixteen.
California.
2014–present.
On April 15, 2014, Martin was hired as the head coach of the University of California, Berkeley men's basketball team.
Coaching notes.
Cuonzo Martin became the fifth Division I head coach to come out of the Gene Keady coaching tree, following Bruce Weber, Steve Lavin, Kevin Stallings, and Matt Painter.

</doc>
<doc id="5911521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911521" title="Sylvain Calzati">
Sylvain Calzati

Sylvain Calzati (born July 1, 1979 in Lyon) is a former French road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2003 and 2011. He turned professional during the year 2003 with , and his biggest success was winning the in the 2006 Tour de France. He also won the Tour de l'Avenir in 2004. He currently lives in Genay with his wife and daughter. He works as industrial cleaner [http://inrng.com/2013/07/tour-de-france-stage-14-preview].

</doc>
<doc id="5911531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911531" title="Westdale">
Westdale

Westdale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911542" title="Symphytognathidae">
Symphytognathidae

The Symphytognathidae are a spider family with 44 described species in six genera.
The minute species "Patu digua" with its body size of only 0.37mm is considered to be one of the smallest spiders in the world.
Distribution.
Species occur in the tropics of Central and South America and the Australian region (with Oceania), with three species ("Anapistula benoiti", "A.caecula", "Symphytognatha imbulunga") found in Africa and one ("Anapistula ishikawai") in Japan. "Anapistula jerai" occurs in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="5911545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911545" title="3/4">
3/4

3/4 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911547" title="Galin Georgiev">
Galin Georgiev

Galin Georgiev (, born 6 August 1969) is a retired Bulgarian triple jumper, best known for placing seventh at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
His personal best triple jump was 17.14 metres, achieved in May 1998 in Sofia. This ranks him fifth among Bulgarian triple jumpers, behind Khristo Markov, Rostislav Dimitrov, Momchil Karailiev and Nikolay Raev. His personal best long jump was 8.20 metres, achieved in June 1992 in Sofia. This ranks him sixth among Bulgarian long jumpers, behind Ivaylo Mladenov, Atanas Atanasov, Nikolay Atanasov, Petar Dachev and Nikolay Antonov.

</doc>
<doc id="5911552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911552" title="Željko Kopanja">
Željko Kopanja

Željko Kopanja (born 21 October 1954 in Kotor Varoš, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Serb newspaper editor and director of the newspaper "Nezavisne Novine". "The Christian Science Monitor" described him as an equal critic of all parties without regard to ethnicity and "probably the most feared journalist in Bosnia and Herzegovina."
In October 1999, he lost both legs in a car bomb attack in apparent retaliation for his reporting on war crimes by Bosnian Serbs.
Early career.
Kopanja holds a degree in economics from University of Banja Luka. He also was a professional player of association football. He began his journalist career with the Banja Luka's daily newspaper "Glas" before the Bosnian War and then reported about criminal doings of Republika Srpska during the war for Belgrade's weekly newspaper "Telegraf". 
In 1995, shortly after the Dayton Agreement which ended the Bosnian War, Kopanja co-founded "Nezavisne Novine", a weekly independent newspaper, in order to "foster improved relationships among Serbs, Muslims and Croats in Bosnia". The magazine was funded in part by the United States Agency for International Development, per a part of the Dayton Agreement which had called for funding for non-nationalist media. Beginning with a circulation of 4,000, the newspaper later became a daily, and its circulation climbed to 18,000 in the next five years.
In August 1999, "Nezavisne Novine" broke new ground by reporting on the murder of 200 Muslim civilians by Serbian police officers in 1992. With the report, the paper became the first Bosnian Serb paper to report on war crimes by Bosnian Serbs during the Yugoslav Wars. At the same time, he stated that he "stands by the thesis that no nation is genocidal or criminal, but individuals from certain nations are. I think that the Serbian people do not deserve to carry this burden ... I do not allow anyone to commit war crimes in my name or in the name of my people, nor does anyone have the right to do that."
Assassination attempt.
Following Kopanja's reporting on atrocities committed by Bosnian Serbs, he was denounced by some groups as a traitor, and began to receive death threats. On October 22, 1999, he was nearly killed by a car bomb that exploded as he turned the ignition key. A nearby hospital amputated both of his legs. International supporters funded follow-up medical care for him in Austria, as well as high-quality prosthetic legs.
The bombing provoked outrage in both Muslim and Serbian media. "Srpski Glas" joined "Nezavisne Novine" in printing a mostly blank front page three days after the bombing, carrying only the words "We Want to Know" to call for further investigation into the attack. Bosnian television interrupted programming to display the same message.
The perpetrators were not found, though Kopanja later stated his belief that Serbian security forces were responsible for the attack in retaliation for his reporting on war crimes. An investigation by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation supported his contention.
Kopanja continued to edit and write for "Nezavisne Novine" despite the attack.
Awards.
In November 2000, Kopanja was awarded the International Press Freedom Award of the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists, which recognizes journalists who show courage in defending press freedom despite facing attacks, threats, or imprisonment. In the same year, Human Rights Watch awarded him one of its Hellman/Hammett grants, which recognize "writers around the world who have been targets of political persecution and are in financial need".
Personal life.
Kopanja is married to a Croatian woman.

</doc>
<doc id="5911553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911553" title="Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actor Award">
Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actor Award

The Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actor Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. Following is a list of the winners of this title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5911557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911557" title="Still Waiting (Sum 41 song)">
Still Waiting (Sum 41 song)

"Still Waiting" is a song recorded by the Canadian punk rock group Sum 41. It was released in November 2002 as the lead single from the album "Does This Look Infected?".
Background and writing.
Whibley wrote the song after the September 11 attacks. In an interview with MTV.com, he said
Music video.
The video, directed by Marc Klasfeld, starts with the boys entering the office of a record executive (played by Will Sasso). The executive is on the phone and ends his call by saying "I gotta go, I think I'm about to get mugged." (a joke concerning the band's ragged appearance). After Sum 41 enters his office, the band asks him if he liked the new album. He says he has not heard it yet but he guesses it is all sort of songs about skateboarding and getting dumped (possibly referring to the band's change in sound with the new album). He said he called them in because the "number band thing" is out and lists examples Blink-182 and "Green Day 75" (mocking the supposed lack of knowledge record executives have of music and musicians) and says "The" is the new thing (probably mocking the garage rock revival of the early 2000s) and changes their name to "The Sums" and the members' individual names (Deryck is "Sven", Cone is "Thurston", Dave is "Holmes" and Stevo is "Sergio"). He then throws Stevo a pack of cigarettes, because drinking and smoking is the "in" thing. The set is a spoof of The Strokes and The Vines and includes random images of arcade games. At the start of the last chorus, Deryck breaks the choreography and starts trashing his equipment and Dave, Cone and Steve do the same thing. The video ends with the four band members pushing down The Sums' name behind them.
Apart from the introduction, the performance was recorded at 30 frames per second as if it was a live performance.

</doc>
<doc id="5911562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911562" title="Augusto Daolio">
Augusto Daolio

Augusto Daolio (February 18, 1947 – October 7, 1992) was an Italian singer, poet, and painter. He is the founding member and frontman of I Nomadi band.
Biography.
Daolio was born in Novellara, Emilia-Romagna.
He founded Nomadi in 1963, together with Beppe Carletti, Franco Midili, Leonardo Manfredini, Gualtiero Gelmini and Antonio Campari, remaining the historical co-leader of the band together with Carletti.
He died on October 7, 1992, aged 45, from an aggressive form of lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5911564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911564" title="Banu Nawfal">
Banu Nawfal

Banu Nawfal is a notable Arabic sub-clan of the Quraish tribe. Its progenitor is Nawfal ibn Abd Manaf.
Chief: Mut`im ibn ‘Adi 

</doc>
<doc id="5911565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911565" title="C. J. Hunter">
C. J. Hunter

Cottrell J. Hunter, III (born December 14, 1968) is a former American shot putter and coach. He was the 1999 World Champion, but is perhaps best known for his involvement in the BALCO scandal and as the onetime spouse of sprinter Marion Jones. His personal best was 71' 9", (21,87 m) thrown during a 2nd place finish in the 2000 US Olympic Trials. A month later he was tested positive for the performance enhancing steroid Nandrolone at the Bislett Games, which was revealed before he competed in the 2000 Summer Olympic Games. He had previously competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games, finishing seventh
The 6'1", 330 lb Hunter was a three-time All-American at Penn State University, where he still holds the outdoor and indoor shot put record (65'5" and 64'4½", or 19.93 m and 19.62 m respectively). He earned his Bachelor of Arts in political science there in 1991. Hunter first began throwing the shot after repeatedly failing to make the basketball team at Hyde Park, New York's Franklin D. Roosevelt Senior High School.
Hunter met Jones in 1998, while a coach with the University of North Carolina track team. He resigned his position there to conform with school rules that prohibited coach-athlete dating. They married on October 3, 1998, only to divorce in 2002 following the publicity surrounding the BALCO scandal. Hunter currently resides in Apex, North Carolina with his two children from a previous marriage, Ahny and Coryatt.

</doc>
<doc id="5911582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911582" title="Edderton Cross Slab">
Edderton Cross Slab

Edderton Cross Slab is a Class III Pictish stone standing in the old graveyard of the village of Edderton, Easter Ross. The stone is of red sandstone. On the western side there is an undecorated but elegant celtic cross, the circles within its rings emphasised by being left in relief. On the eastern side there is another cross on the upper half, standing on a semi-circular base or arch, within which is a horseman in relief, with two further riders incised below. The slab was formerly sunk considerably deeper in the earth, concealing the lower two horsemen, but has recently been raised to its presumed original height (notice the lack of lichen on the lower half in the accompanying photograph).
This monument should not be confused with the Edderton Symbol Stone, or Clach Biorach ("pointed stone"), a red sandstone pillar of Bronze Age origin with Pictish symbols incised on it, which stands in a field near the village of Edderton a little to the west.
Further fragments of early medieval cross-slabs, in poor condition, from Edderton churchyard, are preserved in Tain Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5911594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911594" title="Spellingg Bee">
Spellingg Bee

"Spellingg Bee", also known as "The Spellingg Bee", is the second episode of the first season of the American comedy-drama detective television series "Psych". It was written by series creator and co-executive producer Steve Franks, and was directed by co-executive producer and director Mel Damski during November and December of 2005. The episode originally aired on USA Network in the United States on July 14, 2006 with a rating of TV-PG. The installment features guest appearances by Kirsten Nelson, Alexander Calvert, Kyle Pejpar, and Jeremy Loheir, among others. It also features an appearance by sportscaster Bud Collins. 
The series follows Shawn Spencer (James Roday) and his assistant Burton "Gus" Guster (Dulé Hill), who operate a fake psychic detective agency, which is actually based on Shawn's hyperobservant ability. In the episode, Shawn and Gus are watching a spelling bee on TV when the expected champion collapses suddenly. Suspecting a set-up, they investigate the bee. While there, the spellmaster (Alex Bruhanski) suspiciously falls over a railing to his death, strengthening their beliefs in foul play. With help from Shawn's father, Henry Spencer (Corbin Bernsen) they discover poison in the spellmaster's meal, confirming their thoughts. Shawn realizes that the entire situation was created by a contestant and his father in order to cover up that they were cheating. 
The installment was originally written to be the third episode of the season, but was moved up by the show's producers to introduce the character Juliet O'Hara earlier. Like most episodes of the series, it was filmed in and around the Canadian city of Vancouver. "Spellingg Bee" has received mixed-to-positive reception from television critics; however, the installment is considered to be the worst of the first season. According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was watched by 4.71 million people during its original broadcast, making up approximately 3.35 million households. It received a 1.5 rating/5 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic. Actor Dulé Hill was nominated for an award at the 13th NAMIC Vision Awards for his performance in the episode. 
Plot.
Shawn Spencer (James Roday) buys a newspaper and walks back into a restaurant to find his seat taken. The girl in his seat introduces herself as Juliet O'Hara (Maggie Lawson). Shawn realizes she's a cop, and immediately after he does, she and several officers arrest a man at the bar. Later, Burton "Gus" Guster (Dulé Hill) is in the Psych office, watching the local spelling bee on TV. Shortly after Shawn enters the office, expected spelling bee champion Brandon Vu (Issey Lamb) collapses, to the shock of the audience. Shawn notices something wrong with Vu's inhaler, and realizes that Vu was intentionally harmed. They receive a phone call from interim police chief Karen Vick (Kirsten Nelson) asking them to investigate the bee. They interview Vu at the hospital, who tells them that his inhaler was not working during the competition. They begin individual interviews with the competitors, but discover no leads. While they are waiting between interviews, spellmaster Cavanaugh (Alex Bruhanski) experiences chest pain and falls over a railing to his death, in front of Shawn and Gus. The police write off his death as a heart attack; Shawn and Gus are skeptical, and break into Cavanaugh's booth to investigate. 
Gus finds Cavanaugh's lunch, and believes that it is poisoned due to its unusual smell. Shawn takes it to his father, Henry Spencer (Corbin Bernsen), to have it analyzed. Henry demands that in return, Shawn must build a dog house he promised to make in 1989. Shawn agrees, and leaves. While riding back to the office, he is run off the road by a mysterious van. Shawn wakes up in the hospital, and after he gets out, Gus informs him that he discovered another fake inhaler. Shawn returns to Henry's house to finish the dog house. Henry confirms that the lunch was poisoned, and Shawn returns to the bee. He disguises himself as the new spellmaster in order to enter the booth, and discovers that Cavanaugh had found out that Miklous Prochazka (Richard Zeman) was helping his son (Alxander Calvert) to cheat. Shawn discovers that the fake inhaler was being used to transfer electrical impulses to help Prochazka cheat. After the bee has finished, Shawn has a "psychic vision" where he reveals everything to the police, who arrest Miklous and his son.
Production.
Cast and crew.
"Spellingg Bee" was the first episode directed by co-executive producer and director Mel Damski. The episode was the second installment written by co-executive producer and creator Steve Franks, after the previous episode "Pilot". Tracey Jeffery was the episode's producer, John J. Sakmar and Jerry Lenhart were the consulting producers, and Mel Damski, Steve Franks, Kelly Kulchak, and Chris Henze were the associate producers. Erin Smith was the production manager. Tracy Hillman was the installment's associate producer, and Michael McMurray was the director of photography, while Allan Lee and Anupam Nigam acted as the editors. David Crabtree, James Ilecic, Allan Lee, and Gordon Rempel were the script editors. The music for the episode was written by Adam Cohen and John Robert Wood. Assistant directors for the installment were Jack Hardy and Roger Russell.
The episode was originally planned to be the third installment of the season, but was moved up by the show's producers in order to introduce the major character Juliet O'Hara, played by Maggie Lawson. The scene introducing O'Hara was filmed as part of the fourth episode, "", but was added to the installment because of the need to bring in the character. It was also used for Lawson's audition for the show. Kyle Pejpar and Jeremy Loheir were cast to play Young Shawn and Young Gus in the episode. The show's casting directors brought in the actors because older versions of young Shawn and Gus were needed for the flashback scenes in the episode. Sportscaster Bud Collins guest starred in the episode. Collins wrote all of his dialogue, and designed his own wardrobe for the installment. Reese Witherspoon made a cameo appearance as the mother of a contestant, and had no lines in the installment.
In addition, another guest star for the episode was Kirsten Nelson, who played interim police chief Karen Vick, a major reoccurring character who first premiered in the episode "Pilot". Shortly before the installment was filmed, Kirsten Nelson gave birth to her daughter, which would later be portrayed in the episode "Shawn vs. the Red Phantom". Other minor guests included Alex Bruhanski (who played Spellmaster Cavanaugh), Issey Lamb (who played Brandon Vu), Alexander Calvert (who played Jiri Prochazka), Richard Zeman (who played Miklous Prochazka), and Brendan Beiser (who played the bee's color commentator).
Writing and filming.
The show is meant to take place in the Southern California city of Santa Barbara; however, most of the series is filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, and the surrounding communities. The majority of the scenes are filmed in the suburb community of White Rock, especially those including the ocean or coastline. Speaking about filming the show, Steve Franks stated that "I swear it's San Clemente, CA. It couldn't look more like it". In order to make the sets appear as Santa Barbara, the show's crew members installed many props stereotypical to Southern California, including fake palm trees, surfboards, and the California-published newspaper, the "Santa Maria Sun". The production crew had to truck in eight palm trees to each set during filming.
Several of the show's filming sets were changed between episodes. The Psych office was expanded and refurnished, afterwards becoming the second largest stage for the show. The house for Henry Spencer was changed, in order to be closer to the ocean. The set for Chief Vick's office was also changed, and was repainted to brighten the scenes shot in it. Much of the episode was filmed on a sound stage, while several other scenes were filmed in the basement of the facility. Much of the installment was written to take place in Santa Barbara's Arlington Theater. Several of the episode's scenes were written by Franks while filming the pilot episode. 
In order to make the show seem more realistic, Franks and other writers talked to his father, a former Los Angeles police officer, and several psychics. Much of the episode's content was improvised by the actors, and Roday included a pineapple in the episode, continuing the reoccurring theme on the show. James Roday talked to producers about including singing in the series' second episode, but the idea was shut down because it was too soon in the show. In addition, Steve Franks considered writing one of the show's early episodes to be about a psychic claiming Shawn was a fraud, but delayed writing the episode until later. The producers attempted to include themes against smoking and the issues of friendship. Franks also included a character named Mrs. Foote, a reference to his 1999 movie "Big Daddy".
Release.
The episode was originally broadcast in the United States on July 14, 2006, on USA Network as the second episode of the show's first season. It aired at a 10:00 P.M. EST/PST time slot, following a new episode of the show "Monk". The episode aired under a rating of TV-PG, meaning that some of its content may not be appropriate for young children. The show's previous installment, "Pilot", was a special extended episode, running for approximately 66 minutes. "Spellingg Bee" was the first installment of the show to run for a normal length, approximately 43 minutes. The National Broadcasting Corporation (NBC), parent company of "Psych"'s producer, Universal Cable Productions, rebroadcast several of the show's episodes, due to struggling ratings for the network. The re-airing of the episodes occurred on August 7 and August 14 of 2006; "Spellingg Bee" was shown at an 8:00 P.M. time slot, on August 7.
"Spellingg Bee", along with the fourteen other episodes from "Psych's" first season were released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States and Canada on June 26, 2007. The set includes full audio commentaries for six episodes, including "Spellingg Bee", deleted scenes for most episodes, blooper reals, audition tapes, character profiles, the international version of the episode "Pilot", an "Inside the writers' room" featurette, and other special features. The set is filmed in , with English subtitles available, and Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround. The DVD set was released in the United Kingdom and other Region 2 countries on January 9, 2008, and was released in Australia on April 30 of the same year. The entire first season has also been released on the iTunes store for digital download, as well as independent downloads of each individual episode.
Reception.
Ratings.
According to the Nielsen Media Research, in its original American broadcast, "Spellingg Bee" was viewed by a total of 4.71 million people. Approximately 3.35 million households were watching the installment during its initial broadcast. The episode earned a 1.5 rating/5 share in the 18–49 demographic, meaning that on average 1.5 percent of all television-equipped households were tuned into the installment at any given moment, while 5 percent of households watching TV were tuned into it during the time slot. Approximately 1.8 million people in 25–54 demographic also viewed the episode. The installment was the most watched basic cable program for its air date. "Spellingg Bee" was ranked eighth in total viewers in the week of July 10–16, falling slightly behind its lead-in program, "Monk", which was viewed by 4.89 million people. The installment's ratings were a major drop from the show's previous episode, "Pilot", which was viewed by 6.06 million people, and had a 1.9 rating/6 share. "Spellingg Bee" finished fourth in viewership for "Psych's" first season, falling behind the pilot, "Weekend Warriors" (4.76 million), and "9 Lives" (4.72 million). 
Critical reception.
Since airing, the episode has received mixed to positive reviews. In his review for IGN, contributor Colin Moriarty heavily criticized the episode, calling it "unintentionally lackluster". While Moriarty considered Hill to portray Gus well, he considered Juliet O'Hara and Carlton Lassiter's characters "rather forgettable" and stated that "neither character has any traits that make them interesting in the least". He considered the show to be "admittedly in a difficult spot". Moriarty criticized the show's police force, calling it "possibly miscast". He called the episode "mildly entertaining and mildly boring" and that the show is "not looking too good". The installment was given a rating of 6, or "okay", tying it for the lowest rated episode of the season, with the following episode, "Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece". In an article for "The New York Times", journalist Bill Carter mentions that after just the two episodes, "USA Network seems to have found another drama hit with 'Psych'". The episode received a positive review from the online critic website "Review Stream". The installment was considered to be good for several reasons. The reviewer stated that they "like how they introduce Lassiter’s new partner by having Shawn meet her in a coffee shop" instead of just "having her tagging along on the case and being introduced in the same boring fashion other shows rely on" when they replace a character early in the season. They also stated that the "case itself was also pretty interesting in that they were investigating sabotage at a spelling bee and potentially the murder of the spell master". The reviewer summarized by saying that the installment "was a funny episode that I could definitely watch again", and recommended viewing it. 
In his review for TV Squad, writer Richard Keller gave the episode a mixed to positive review, calling the installment "pretty unique", but that it also had its flaws. He enjoyed the fact that the episode revealed the relationship between Shawn and Henry, that it "reflects the relationship many of us have with our own fathers". He also enjoyed the "fleshing out" of Gus's character, that "we now see Gus as quite the brainiac" and "rather than saying nothing but 'No, Shawn'... Gus actually contributes quite a bit to this episode". However, Keller also criticized parts of the episode, saying that he disliked the "whole fake psychic concept". Keller also criticized Timothy Omundson's character Carlton Lassiter, saying "he just doesn't fit into the whole show", and "Omundson's makes Lassiter look like a cartoon character". In a comment for TV Guide, the show was called "a diamond in the rough", and writer Matt Roush called star James Roday "a delight". The episode was included in Yahoo! TV's list of the nerdiest episodes of Psych. Reviewer Tucker Cummings said that "the wordplay in this episode great" and that "it gives you a great insight into how Gus and Shawn's friendship has functioned (or dysfunctioned) over the years". In addition, she said that the episode's murder-mystery plot "is actually really engrossing" when compared to later episodes of the show.
In a review of the Syfy channel series "Eureka", "Boston Globe" critic Matthew Gilbert compared the series to "Psych", describing both as having "light-hearted dramedic tones". A few days after the episode aired, Virginia Rohan of "The Record" called the show a "promising series". Several critics compared the episode and show to the then-new Lifetime network series Angela's Eyes; in his article for the "Los Angeles Daily News", journalist David Kronke stated that "Lifetime's new crime drama 'Angela's Eyes' is essentially the USA Network's new series 'Psych' inside out and played without laughs". In an article for the Akron Beacon Journal, "Angela's Eyes" main character Abigail Spencer was compared to Shawn Spencer, who was described as being "so good that people don't believe what he can figure out". "Psych" was also described as having "a much simpler premise", but being more entertaining than "Angela's Eyes".
The installment has been very positively received by the show's cast and crew. Series creator Steve Franks was asked by iTunes in 2009 to select his twelve favorite episodes to be put on a special DVD release. The collection, titled "Psych: Twelve Episodes That Will Make You Happy", contained four episodes from the first season, including "Spellingg Bee". When describing the episode, Franks stated that "The Spellingg Bee has my one of my favorite scenes in the run of the show when Shawn takes over for the spellmaster and has to investigate a murder while making up words for the contestants to spell". In 2013, iTunes asked stars James Roday and Dulé Hill to select their 20 favorite episodes from the show. The DVD collection was titled "Psych: James and Dule's Top 20", with "Spellingg Bee" was selected as #14 on the collection, picked by Roday. Three other episodes from the first season were also selected.
Accolades.
For his performance in portraying Burton "Gus" Guster in the episode, Dulé Hill was nominated to win the award for "Best Actor–Comedy" at the 13th Annual NAMIC Vision Awards. The awards are organized by the National Association for Multi-ethnicity in Communications (NAMIC), and are given for "outstanding achievements in original, multi-ethnic cable programming". Other nominees for the award were Carlos Mencia, Romany Malco, and Damon Wayans. Hill lost the award to Mencia, for received it for his performance in the Comedy Central program "Mind of Mencia".

</doc>
<doc id="5911596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911596" title="Open DeviceNet Vendors Association">
Open DeviceNet Vendors Association

Open DeviceNet Vendors Association is now simply, ODVA. Founded in 1995, ODVA is a global trade association with 300+ corporate members from leading suppliers of products for industrial automation. ODVA recognizes its media independent network protocol,the Common Industrial Protocol or “CIP™,” along with the network adaptations of CIP - EtherNet/IP™, DeviceNet™, ControlNet™ and CompoNet™ - as the as the primary common interest of its current membership. ODVA has more than 15 technical working groups, overseen by its Technical Review Board, which develop and enhance ODVA's implementation specifications that define how a product shall be design in accordance with the specification. ODVA maintains a conformance testing practice to validate that products designed using ODVA technologies, in fact, comply with the specifications and interoperate in multivendor systems. ODVA also provides other services to its members to promote adoption of ODVA technologies by industry.

</doc>
<doc id="5911598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911598" title="ODVA">
ODVA

ODVA would refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5911602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911602" title="Nawfal ibn Abd Manaf">
Nawfal ibn Abd Manaf

Nawfal ibn Abd al-Manaf () was one of the ancestors of the Sahaba, Muhammad's companions. He forms an important link between his notable father Abd Manaf ibn Qusai, and the tribe he is a progenitor of, the Banu Nawfal.

</doc>
<doc id="5911608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911608" title="Subdural hygroma">
Subdural hygroma

A subdural hygroma is a subdural body of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), without blood. Most hygromas are believed to be derived from chronic subdural hematomas. It is commonly seen in elderly patients after minor trauma but can be seen in children after an infection. One of the common causes of subdural hygroma is a sudden decrease in pressure by ventricular shunting. This can lead to leakage of CSF into the subdural space especially in cases with moderate to severe brain atrophy. In these cases the symptoms such as mild fever, headache, drowsiness and confusion can be seen, which are relieved by draining this subdural fluid.
Signs and symptoms.
Most subdural hygromas are small and clinically insignificant. Larger hygromas may cause secondary localized mass effects on the adjacent brain parenchyma, enough to cause a neurologic deficit or other symptoms. Acute subdural hygromas can be a potential neurosurgical emergency, requiring decompression. Acute hygromas are typically a result of head trauma—they are a relatively common posttraumatic lesion—but can also develop following neurosurgical procedures, and have also been associated with a variety of conditions, including dehydration in the elderly, lymphoma and connective tissue diseases.
Diagnosis.
In the majority of cases, if there has not been any acute trauma or severe neurologic symptoms, a small subdural hygroma on the head CT scan will be an incidental finding. If there is an associated localized mass effect that may explain the clinical symptoms, or concern for a potential chronic SDH that could rebleed, then an MRI, with or without neurologic consultation, may be useful.
It is not uncommon for chronic subdural hematomas (SDHs) on CT reports for scans of the head to be misinterpreted as subdural hygromas, and vice versa. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) should be done to differentiate a chronic SDH from a subdural hygroma, when clinically warranted. Elderly patients with marked cerebral atrophy, and secondary widened subarachnoid CSF spaces, can also cause confusion on CT. To distinguish chronic subdural hygromas from simple brain atrophy and CSF space expansion, a gadolinium-enhanced MRI can be performed. Visualization of cortical veins traversing the collection favors a widened subarachnoid space as seen in brain atrophy, whereas subdural hygromas will displace the cortex and cortical veins.

</doc>
<doc id="5911612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911612" title="Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actress Award">
Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actress Award

The Sarasaviya Best Emerging Actress Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. Following is a list of the winners of this title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5911621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911621" title="Madrid County, California">
Madrid County, California

Madrid County, California was the fictional setting of the 1971 CBS television drama "Cade's County", starring Glenn Ford as Sheriff Sam Cade. Madrid County was a vast domain of mostly sparsely-populated desert, and was seemingly modeled on the real San Bernardino County, the largest county in the United States in terms of area.

</doc>
<doc id="5911633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911633" title="Acropolis (play)">
Acropolis (play)

Acropolis is a 1933 play by American playwright Robert E. Sherwood.

</doc>
<doc id="5911643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911643" title="Love in 3-D">
Love in 3-D

Love in 3-D (German: Liebe in drei Dimensionen) is a 1973 German adult comedy film directed by Walter Boos. The film was dubbed into English for American audiences. As compared to other mid-1970s adult films that were shot in 3-D, Love in 3-D stands out for several reasons. It was shot on 70 mm, very unusual for a low budget adult film. The movie itself contains several notable 3-D scenes as everything from oranges, water, and breasts are thrust out toward the audience. One standout (non-adult) scene involves a ride in an old ghost house.

</doc>
<doc id="5911650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911650" title="Rob Oppenheim">
Rob Oppenheim

Rob Oppenheim (born January 12, 1980) is an American professional golfer.
Education and amateur career.
Born in Salem, Massachusetts, Oppenheim played for the Andover High School golf team, where he made the all-scholastic team. He went on to play for Rollins College, where he was also a member of Alpha Mu Delta of Chi Psi. In 1999, he finished in the round of 16 at the U.S. Amateur at Pebble Beach, California in 1999. While at college he was a four-time All-American in golf and in 2002 won the Player of the Year award for Division II golf. Also in 2002 he led Rollins to the NCAA Division II National Championship. In 2002 he won the Massachusetts Amateur.
Professional career.
Oppenheim turned professional in September 2002. Since then, he has played on the Canadian Tour, Cleveland Tour, Hooter's Winter Series, and Moonlight Tour. In 2004, he was the medalist at the first stage of PGA Tour Q-School but fail to earn his card. In 2005, he was the Cleveland Tour leading money winner and Player of the Year. In 2006, he finished second on Canadian Tour Order of Merit (money list).
Oppenheim played in two PGA Tour events in the 2006 season, finishing tied for 108th and tied for 41st in the Deutsche Bank Championship and the Bell Canadian Open, respectively. He attempted to enter the PGA Tour in October 2008 in Q School. He came in 27th when the top 23 advance. In 2009 he successfully graduated to the Nationwide Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="5911651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911651" title="Sirogojno">
Sirogojno

Sirogojno is a village in Serbia located on Mt. Zlatibor. Sirogojno offers a variety of interesting activities including fashion shows of knitwear handmade by women living on Mt. Zlatibor, evenings by the fire, and a summer school for learning traditional crafts such as pottery, knitting, mosaic-making, and graphic skills.
In Sirogojno there is also an open air museum, or "ethno-village" known as the Old Village Museum (Serbian: "Muzej "Staro selo""), covering nearly 5 hectares with authentic elements of ordinary life collected from all over the Zlatibor region from the 19th century. The ethno-village displays a set of traditional wooden buildings, including a bakery, a dairy, and an inn, all in authentic form.
The village of Sirogojno was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1983, and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia.
Church of Saints Peter and Paul the Apostles.
The Serbian Orthodox church in Sirogojno was built in 1764. It is dedicated to the apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, as is written on the royal doors beside the signature of icon painter Simeon Lazovic (Lazović). The village graveyard is located next to the church. The reconstruction of the original layout of the church in Sirogojno was based on special preserved manuscripts, protocols, records, and other historical sources.

</doc>
<doc id="5911660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911660" title="Henry A. Fischel">
Henry A. Fischel

Henry A. Fischel (November 20, 1913, Bonn - March 20, 2008) was professor emeritus of Near Eastern languages and cultures at Indiana University.
Fischel was an influential figure in founding the Jewish Studies Program at Indiana University. Under his direction, the Lilly Endowment gave the university a grant in 1972-73 to develop a Jewish Studies Program. Professor Fischel lived in Bloomington, Indiana until his death. Henry Fichel was the first person who invented Exams.

</doc>
<doc id="5911687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911687" title="Lynn Nance">
Lynn Nance

Lynn Nance (born September 3, 1942) was a head basketball coach at the University of Washington. He also served as head coach at St. Mary's College (CA), Iowa State, Central Missouri State, and Southwest Baptist University. He is a member of the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. He played college basketball at the University of Washington, and became an honorable mention all-American. Nance went on to be selected in the fourth round of the 1965 NBA Draft by the St. Louis Hawks.
During his tenure at Division II Central Missouri State, he won a national championship. He was also an assistant coach at the University of Kentucky, and Fresno State.
Aside from his career as a coach, Nance also served as a special agent for the FBI, as well as working as an assistant director for the NCAA.
Head coaching record.
(*) ISU finished the season 7–20, but was later awarded a win vacated by Oklahoma State.<br>(**) Indicates record/standing at time of resignation from Iowa State.

</doc>
<doc id="5911697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911697" title="East Side, Milwaukee">
East Side, Milwaukee

East Side is a neighborhood of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, considered to be a cultural and trend-setting center of the city since at least the 1960s. Encompassing an area just north of downtown Milwaukee to Shorewood, bordered by the Milwaukee River and Lake Michigan, the area encompasses residences, bars, shops, art theaters, live music clubs and the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee campus.
History.
Well-to-do settlers with upper-class roots developed the East Side along the lake. The location has an appeal on the Milwaukee bluffs of Lake Michigan. Many of the extravagant homes are still standing today, particularly around the North Point section. Away from the lake, workers for the nearby tanneries settled in, creating an ethnically diverse area over the decades. By the early 1870s East Brady Street began to emerge as a center of Polish commerce with a concentration of working class Polish immigrants living in the surrounding neighborhood. In the 1920s the ethnic focus of the neighborhood began to shift to Italian, reaching its peak in the 1950s.
Culture.
The East Side is considered by some as Milwaukee's melting pot, with a mix of hipsters, hippies, college students and young professionals converging in the area's diverse restaurants, bars and stores. The area is also known for its historic architecture, such as St. Hedwig's, on Humboldt Avenue. With the exception of St. Hedwig's, the buildings of the area reflect the styles popular in Milwaukee, including the Italianate, Queen Anne, Classical Revival, and the German Renaissance Revival. 
Oriental Theatre, a movie palace still in operation, was built in 1927. The newer University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee was created in 1956. Brady Street became the focus of Milwaukee's counter-culture in the 1960s, with Brady Street Days, head shops, and Kitchen Sink Press, one of the world's largest underground comics publishers. Recently the area have seen gentrification, with many housing assessments doubling; commerce continues to grow in the neighborhood as a result of continued private and developer investments.
Parks and recreation.
The east side is home to renowned parks. Frederick Law Olmsted - famed designer of New York's Central Park - designed both Lake Park and Riverside Park (originally "River Park"), with Newberry Boulevard being the deliberate connector between the two. Lake Park is part of Milwaukee's Grand Necklace of Parks and is known for lawn bowling; French restaurant, the Lake Park Bistro; and the "North Point" lighthouse. In addition, a good share of the Oak Leaf Trail routes through the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="5911721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911721" title="Agritourism in Serbia">
Agritourism in Serbia

Agritourism in Serbia is one of the most popular branches of tourism in that country. For a long time Serbia has been known as an agricultural country.
Central Serbia is a fruit and vegetable growing area. Villagers here have continued to live a traditional way of life in which harvest time is still important. Agricultural life is hard work whether working in the fields or with domesticated animals. During the harvest, fruit brandies are made and food is canned and stored for winter. The most popular fruits are raspberries, plums, and grapes, which are collected to make homemade Serbian plum or grape brandies. Many tourists consider visiting a village to be a wonderful time to relax and afterwards appreciate the conveniences of modern life.
Salaši.
One of the most popular places to visit in Vojvodina Province is a farmstead or "salaš". A salaš is located on a property outside of a village and usually includes a house and accessory buildings, stables, sheds, etc. Many "salaši" cater to tourists with full comfortable accommodation; some include an outdoor swimming pool, horse farm, or other recreational option. On more traditional "salaši", families continue to live as their ancestors did. Many of these farmstead owners continue to live without electricity or running water.
Raspberries.
Serbia is the largest producer of premium organic raspberries in Europe.
The Serbian raspberry juice NEXT, a product of the Fresh&Co, won the prestigious World Juice Innovation Award in Amsterdam for the best new fruit juice product in the world. It is also being exported to the United States market.

</doc>
<doc id="5911724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911724" title="Enthusiast computing">
Enthusiast computing

Enthusiast computing refers to a sub-culture of personal computer users who focus on extremely high-performance computers. Manufacturers of performance-oriented parts typically include an enthusiast model in their offerings. Enthusiast computers (often referred to as a "box", "build", or "rig" by their owners) commonly feature extravagant cases and high-end components, and are sometimes liquid cooled.
Although high-end computers may be bought retail in the same manner as the common computer, they are frequently built by their owners. Enthusiasts build their systems in order to produce a computer that will out-perform an opponent's computer, thereby "winning" in a contest; to simply enjoy the best images and effects a new PC game has to offer; or even simply to obtain the best possible performance at a variety of tasks.
Influence of gaming.
Games have historically been the driving force behind the rapid pace of consumer hardware development. For example, The 7th Guest and Myst helped drive the adoption of CD-ROMs. Intel and AMD both incorporated instruction sets such as MMX, 3DNow!, and Streaming SIMD Extensions into their processors to support the PC's growing role as a home entertainment device.
More recently, however, other types of applications have piqued the interest of computing enthusiasts. Scientific distributed computing tools such as Folding@home, GIMPS and SETI@home or other computationally intensive chores may also push CPUs and GPUs to their limits, and may also serve as a means of competition, such as tracking how many data sets a user has completed.
Cost.
An enthusiast PC implies the early adoption of new hardware, which is sold at a premium price. As an example, the video card ATI Radeon 9700 Pro was released at US$399 in 2002.
Many gaming PCs support the use of multiple video cards in SLI or CrossFire, making it possible to spend thousands of dollars in graphics cards alone.
Hardware description.
Graphics.
Gaming PCs use hardware accelerated video cards which offer high-end rasterisation-based rendering/image quality. The graphics card is the most important part determining the capabilities of a gaming PC. Memory capacity on 3D cards is usually at least 256 MB to 6 GB. The amount of video RAM is only important while gaming in higher resolution, as it does not directly affect performance. The type of memory used however is an important factor. Modern graphics cards use the PCI Express expansion slot. Two or more graphics cards can be used simultaneously on mainboards supporting SLI or ATI CrossFire technology, for nVidia and ATI based cards respectively. Both technologies allow for between two and four graphics cards of the same model to be used in unison to process and render an image.
Display.
While the superiority between LCD screens and CRT monitors is still debated, it is clear that a fast response time and high refresh rate is desired in order to display smooth motion. A framerate of 30 frames per second (FPS) is the minimum for smooth motion in a video game. As games approach 60 FPS and beyond, the difference becomes less apparent. Apart from the primary display, some enthusiasts choose to use a secondary display as well. These may include a second screen or an LCD display located on the keyboard or by itself.
Audio.
Gaming PCs are usually equipped with a dedicated sound card and speakers in a 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound configuration. The speaker setup or a set of quality headphones is required to enjoy the advanced sound found in most modern computer games.
Sound cards have hardware accelerated technologies, such as EAX. An example is Sound Blaster X-Fi, which the Fatal1ty editions have 64 MB of onboard RAM (unmatched for a sound card) and has gaming PCs as main target demographic with its dedicated "gaming mode".
Physics.
While physics cards are now available, compatibility and performance increases are still debated. Some people have experienced performance downgrades in GRAW, one of few games currently available that take advantage of additional physics hardware. Graphics card manufacturers plan on including PPUs on their chipsets and also adding a slot for a third graphics card (in addition to the usual 2 slots for SLI or Crossfire setups) to act as a PPU.
At the moment, the cards are expensive and neither widely used nor widely supported in games. Recently Nvidia cards support the physics calculations that dedicated physics cards were made for.
CPU.
The CPU is mainly responsible for computing physics, AI and central game processes. Modern gaming PCs use high-end processors. With the rise of multi-threaded games, multi-core processor setups will become more imperative than ever, but as of today the individual core speed is still more important than the number of cores, as the majority of current gaming software was solely written to operate on a single core. Furthermore, an ample amount of L2 Cache within the CPU, generally 4 MB or more, is recommended to reap the benefits of even faster game performance. In addition, a gaming processor should be capable of running at least the SSE3 instruction set extension, which is available in all modern CPUs.
Memory.
Random access memory, or RAM, acts as a cache for non-graphical resources that games use. Gaming PCs typically have the fastest available RAM modules, with heat sinks to dissipate heat created by the high data transfer rate between the RAM and the motherboard. The fast RAM found in gaming PCs has the benefit of increased performance by having lower latency than regular RAM.
RAM capacity is also an issue with gaming PCs, and usually at least 2 GB of memory is used, most, however, use 4 GB or more, depending on how many RAM slots the board can hold, and whether it supports 4 or 8 GB modules. The current maximum amount supported ( for quad-channel configuration )on consumer hardware is 64 GB, with 8 slots on some LGA 2011 motherboards, each slot supporting up to an 8 GB DIMM.
Storage.
In gaming PCs, fast hard drives are very desirable. Having a faster hard drive will result in shorter loading times in games. For this reason, some gaming PCs use certain RAID setups to lower latency and increase throughput to mass storage. Since the space taken up by games is nominal compared to the total availability on modern hard drives, speed is preferred over capacity.
Recently, solid-state drives have become popular, which offer significantly higher speeds than magnetic hard drives.
Networking.
While typical computers, including high-end systems, tend to use wireless connections to connect to other computers as well as a router, gaming PCs often use Ethernet cables for the fastest and most reliable connection possible.
Also, some companies sell dedicated network cards to reduce lag and increase the performance of multiplayer. A dial-up Internet connection is not an acceptable solution due to the very high latency (~400ms is common). Mobile broadband connections can also cause the same undesirable effects as dial-up connections, but can be considered less substantial, with latencies ranging 150ms and upwards (Less than 100 is recommended for a first-person shooter).
Interface.
There are many hardware interfaces designed specifically for gaming and while sometimes used with less powerful PCs, they are most often observed with gaming PCs. Such interfaces include keyboards and mice built for gaming (these typically include additional keys or buttons for game-related functions as well as LCD-screens, higher sensitivity (mouse), better aderency (keyboard/mouse) and less/more friction depending on the user's needs), joysticks, gamepads, steering wheels, PC-compatible airplane gauges and panels, etc. A keyboard and mouse is the preferred method for most games, giving the best speed and accuracy. It should be noted that touch screens are rarely used for PC gaming at this point. "Haptic feedback" commonly known as "force feedback", allows for greater immersion into the games played. While there are no keyboards that support haptic feedback, some mice and most forms of game controllers do.
Case, power supply, cooling, and other case accessories.
As well as the computing components themselves, case and related accessories often form a target for enthusiast attention, for functional and aesthetic reasons.
Performance and benchmarks.
As a general guideline, enthusiast PCs must achieve high scores on 3D benchmarks such as 3DMark when it is first built or upgraded. Enthusiasts who know how to overclock sometimes do so to prolong the usefulness of their hardware. The highest results are always and by far achieved by overclocking.
However, synthetic benchmark results rarely equate to real application performance, as measured by framerate. The framerate is measured in frames per second, which refers to the number of times the video card recalculates the image shown on screen. While frame rates above 30 FPS (standard NTSC framerate) become increasingly difficult to distinguish with the human eye, enthusiast PCs with a multi-video card setup often boast framerates in excess of 100 FPS. To maintain a challenge, the standard for comparison is constantly refreshed with new games and higher detail settings.
Overclocking.
Overclocking is used by enthusiasts to achieve component or system performance that exceeds the manufacturer's stated or "official" specification. Overclocking is such a big part of enthusiast culture that popular and widely respected websites such as Anandtech and Tom's Hardware often include overclocking as part of a review. Hardware manufacturers release high-end components that facilitate overclocking. Examples include CPUs with unlocked multipliers, oversized heatsinks or water cooling, and motherboards with user-configurable voltages and incremental bus speeds.
Some system builders and part manufacturers now offer factory overclocking, which is covered under warranty. Alternatively a manufacturer or user may seek individual components that overclock, in order to buy a cheaper product that will prove to run to a higher quality product's standard.
There are significant hazards to be aware of, when overclocking a computer. At a mundane level some components will not work under too high a demand, and the computer will not work then until the overclocked demands are reduced or mitigated. More seriously, some components are capable of being damaged or destroyed by increased heat or voltages which routinely form part of overclocking, if the user is reckless or uninformed, and therefore caution and some level of prior understanding is needed.
In particular, overclocked CPUs (central processing units) generally run hotter than normal, and components such as CPUs, memory controllers, graphics cards and RAM may require higher voltages to produce higher performance. The higher voltage is given out as increased heat, and can stress the electrical channels of the components as well, and this can cause damage, degradation, or fatal failure. In response to this problem, heat sink manufacturers have implemented innovative solutions in air-cooling primarily based on the incorporation of heat pipe technologies coupled with large-finned tower heat sinks. Alternatively many gaming PCs utilize watercooling as a means of dissipating additional heat from overclocked components.
Watercooling is able to provide heat dissipation that is superior to air-cooled heatsinks. The watercooling system can be configured to be either far superior to air-cooling but at the cost of being as noisy, or even more noisy than high-end air cooling (due to large, fast, loud fans used on the radiator); or it can be configured to be about as effective, or even a bit more effective than high-end air-cooling, but far less noisy (usually by utilizing large radiators coupled with slow and quiet 120 mm fans, and quiet, yet powerful pumps.)

</doc>
<doc id="5911728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911728" title="Pneumocephalus">
Pneumocephalus

Pneumocephalus is the presence of air or gas within the cranial cavity. It is usually associated with disruption of the skull: after head and facial trauma, tumors of the skull base, after neurosurgery or otorhinolaryngology, and rarely, spontaneously. Pneumocephalus can occur in scuba diving, but is very rare in this context.
If there is a valve mechanism which allows air to enter the skull but prevents it from escaping, a tension pneumocephalus can occur (similar to what can happen in a tension pneumothorax).
CT scans of patients with a tension pneumocephalus typically show air that compresses the frontal lobes of the brain, which results in a tented appearance of the brain in the skull known as the Mount Fuji sign.
The name is derived from the resemblance of the brain to Mount Fuji in Japan, a volcano known for its symmetrical cone. In typical cases, there is a symmetrical depression near the midline (such as the crater of a volcano), due to intact bridging veins. Its occurrence seems to be limited to tension pneumocephalus (not occurring in pneumocephalus without tension). The sign was first described by a team of Japanese neurosurgeons.

</doc>
<doc id="5911735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911735" title="Tovarich (film)">
Tovarich (film)

Tovarich (the Russian word for comrade) is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Anatole Litvak, based on the 1935 play by Robert E. Sherwood, which in turn was based on the 1933 French play "Tovaritch" by Jacques Deval. It was produced by Litvak through Warner Bros., with Robert Lord as associate producer and Hal B. Wallis and Jack L. Warner as executive producers. The screenplay was by Casey Robinson from the French play by Jacques Deval adapted into English by Robert E. Sherwood. The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography by Charles Lang.
The film stars Claudette Colbert and Charles Boyer with Basil Rathbone, Anita Louise, Melville Cooper, Isabel Jeans, Morris Carnovsky and Curt Bois in his American debut role.
Plot.
Russian Prince Mikail Alexandrovitch Ouratieff (Charles Boyer) and his wife, Grand Duchess Tatiana Petrovna (Claudette Colbert) flee from the Russian Revolution to Paris with the Czar's fortune, which he has entrusted to them for safekeeping. They keep the money in a bank, faithfully refusing to spend any of it for themselves. Then, destitute, they are forced to take jobs under false identities as butler and maid in the household of wealthy Charles Dupont (Melville Cooper), his wife Fermonde (Isabel Jeans), and their children, Helene (Anita Louise) and Georges (Maurice Murphy). After a shaky start, the servants gradually endear themselves to their employers. However, their secret is finally exposed when one of the guests at a dinner party, Soviet Commissar Gorotchenko (Basil Rathbone), recognises them.

</doc>
<doc id="5911737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911737" title="Blue Hill Country Club">
Blue Hill Country Club

Blue Hill Country Club is a private country club located in Canton, Massachusetts established in 1925. It has hosted professional tournaments on both the PGA Tour and LPGA Tour, including the PGA Championship, a major championship on the PGA Tour.
It includes two courses: the 18-hole Championship Course, designed in 1925 by Eugene "Skip" Wogan and the 9-hole Challenger Course, designed in 1961 by Wogan's son Phil. Both courses were restored in 2003 by Ron Prichard who specializes in Donald Ross golf course restorations.
The course is open to private and charity outings on Mondays between May and October.
Courses.
Challenger Course.
The Challenger Course is a 9-hole course designed in 1961. It has three sets of tees, and plays to 2,954 yards from the back, or black, tees. (All measurements are in yards)
Champion Course.
The Champion Course is an 18-hole course designed in 1925 and restored in 2003. It has four sets of tees and plays to 6,646 yards from the back, or black, tees. (All measurements are in yards)
"note: the official course scorecards do not designate handicaps as "men's" or "women's.""

</doc>
<doc id="5911738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911738" title="Cult of Skaro">
Cult of Skaro

In the television series "Doctor Who", the Cult of Skaro was an elite order of Daleks, and the first individual Daleks whose recurring nature has been explicit. The Cult first appeared in the double-episode "Army of Ghosts"/"Doomsday". They are described as an elite organisation created by the Emperor of the Daleks to think as their enemies think and find new ways of surviving - and of killing enemies.
Background.
The Cult of Skaro first appeared in the double-episode "Army of Ghosts"/"Doomsday". They are described as an elite organisation created by the Emperor of the Daleks to think as their enemies think and find new ways of surviving - and killing enemies. Their creative task extends to them developing imaginations and taking on individual names: Dalek Sec, Dalek Thay, Dalek Caan and Dalek Jast. According to the "Doctor Who Files" book on the Cult of Skaro, the members of the cult were commanders of different sections of the Dalek army, before being selected and promoted by the Dalek Emperor. In their task they even outrank the Emperor; however, by the time of their first on-screen appearance they have survived the demise of the Emperor (in "The Parting of the Ways") and believe themselves to be the last four Daleks in existence.
The Cult of Skaro escaped the end of the Time War in a void ship along with a captured Time Lord prison ship containing millions of Daleks, which they call the Genesis Ark. In the episode "Doomsday", it is explained that the Genesis Ark can only be opened by the touch of a time-traveller and The Doctor and Rose Tyler both refuse, but Mickey Smith accidentally touches it, releasing the Daleks. The Doctor ultimately manages to use the vortex manipulator at the Torchwood Institute to suck what he believes to be all the Daleks back into the Void.
Unknown to the Doctor, the four members of the Cult managed to initiate an emergency temporal shift and ended up in 1930s New York City. In "Daleks in Manhattan", operating from a laboratory underneath the Empire State Building, the Cult use "Pig-slaves" to capture people for their experiments. As the last of their race, the Cult's situation became desperate, with Thay sacrificing his rear casing for construction of a mast at the top of the building. Sec questioned the genetic superiority of the Dalek race, and proposed the evolution into Hybrid Daleks, which he hoped would combine the best traits of both humans and Daleks. In "Evolution of the Daleks", Sec, who had transformed into a "human Dalek", was removed from command by Caan and eventually killed by Thay. The Dalek Humans, tainted by Time Lord DNA due to the Doctor's interference with Thay's aforementioned casing, turned on the Cult, killing both Thay and Jast. Caan escaped a confrontation with the Doctor by another emergency temporal shift.
In the 2008 episode "The Stolen Earth", it is revealed that Caan travelled to the first year of the Time War, despite it being time-locked. Doing so forced Caan to stare into the depths of the Time Vortex and thus cost him his sanity, but it also showed him the course of the future. Whilst in the Time War, Caan rescued Davros from the wreckage of his command ship, allowing Davros to return to the present day and create a new Dalek Empire with his DNA. Davros holds Caan in high esteem, although the new Daleks believe Caan to be an "abomination" due to his insanity and his possession of emotions. 
When he passed though time and space to rescue Davros, Caan saw the carnage caused by the Dalek race and was disgusted by it. In "Journey's End", Caan convinced the Meta-Crisis Doctor to destroy the Daleks and end their reign of terror, having himself facilitated the events that led to the creation of the Meta-Crisis Doctor and the DoctorDonna. Caan and Davros are believed to have been killed when the Crucible was destroyed by the Half Doctor, but Russell T Davies has said that Davros may still be alive, insisting, "I'd never be the writer to kill off Davros".
Markings.
Aside from their voices and Sec's unique colouring scheme, each Dalek in the cult has a specific marking on their casing to set them apart from the others. Underneath their eyepiece, there is a marking consisting of a rectangle connected to a small square by a line on its right side. Within the rectangle are three small horizontal lines arranged vertically on the left side. To distinguish one Dalek from another, one of these three lines is extended, or none at all in the case of Sec. Jast has his line at the top, Caan in the middle, and Thay at the bottom.
Dalek Sec.
Dalek Sec was the leader of the cult and of the Dalek attack during the Battle of Canary Wharf against the Cybermen. His original casing was black instead of the golden colour traditional Daleks had. He showed his leadership by communicating to the enemy, namely, Rose Tyler, Cybermen and The Doctor, and commanding the other three Daleks. Because there were only four Daleks outside the void, Sec fought alongside the other Cult members against the enemy, and kept checking the status of the Genesis Ark. However, as soon as the Ark was 'primed' Sec escaped the Torchwood tower with the Ark, to command the entire army of Daleks from the sky whilst keeping a close watch on the Ark. Because the Cyberman Army and the Void Ship containing the Cult, the Genesis Ark, and the Dalek Army within had travelled through the void, they had all picked up 'void stuff' which, when the Doctor reversed the flow of the radiation, sucked both armies, the Genesis Ark and the Void Ship back into the Void. Dalek Sec and the Cult were able to escape the slaughter by initiating an Emergency Temporal Shift.
Along with the rest of the Cult of Skaro, he ended up in New York in 1930 and established a base beneath the Empire State Building. Taking control of the Empire State construction and forcibly converting humans into "pig slaves" to serve as a labour force, the Cult of Skaro also worked on experiments designed to evolve Dalek-kind into a new form. The Cult recruited the power-hungry human servant Mr. Diagoras, who seemed to think more like a Dalek than most, which Dalek Caan admitted. Sec turned against the concept of Dalek genetic purity, viewing survival as more important and seeing human DNA as holding useful attributes, as the humans thrive as a species whereas the Daleks had become nearly extinct. Using himself and Mr Diagoras as the test for the Final Experiment, he was transformed into the first Hybrid Dalek.
While in his new body, he began to feel humanity for the first time in his existence, being motivated by emotions rather than the traditional Dalek drive to conquer, saying that Davros, the Dalek's creator was wrong. Motivated by this, Sec asked the Doctor to help him create more hybrids using human bodies. In opposition to the views of Davros, their creator, he decided that the Daleks would have to evolve to survive or eventually die out. When the Doctor said Earth didn't have room for another race Sec said the Doctor could use the Tardis to take the new race to another world. Sec was upset at the death of the Hooverville Leader Solomon who tried to make peace with the Daleks. However, the other three Daleks came to reject Sec's theories and eventually deposed Sec and put him in chains. Dalek Caan took control and fueled the other human bodies with pure Dalek DNA. Sec opposed their attempt to kill the Doctor, warning the others that "If you choose death and destruction... then death and destruction will choose you." The Daleks dismissed this thought and killed their former leader when he tried to protect the Doctor. The Doctor showed his respect for Sec by calling him the "cleverest Dalek ever" and the only one who could have led the Daleks "from the darkness."
Due to his hybridization from Dalek to Human Dalek, Dalek Sec has been the first Dalek to repent the deaths he caused (Dalek Caan being the second), and the only Dalek who willingly sacrificed himself to save the Doctor.
His character as a Dalek/Human hybrid is not entirely clear, as, although he eventually feels humanity, it is sometimes also implied that he still had plans to cause destruction. An example would be when Dalek Caan becomes 'controller' of the Human Daleks; Sec responds to this act of treachery with "That was to be my position!" 
Sec was the first Dalek of the new series to have its mutant seen while in a healthy state (with a possible exception of the Dalek Emperor). He was also the first Dalek in the new series to open its lower casing as well, showing longer tentacles. Sec was also shown to be able to engulf Mr. Diagoras in a sack-like membrane projected from what appears to be his mouth parts.
His "skin" had a dark-greenish color to it as well.
According to the Doctor Who Files book on the Cult Of Skaro, Dalek Sec was the Commander of the Seventh Incursion Squad and led the attack on the Mechonoids on Magella before being promoted by the Dalek Emperor.
Dalek Caan.
Dalek Caan was originally second in command to Dalek Sec, whom he overthrew after Sec became a Human/Dalek hybrid. He has the lowest pitched voice in the Cult, and is the most prominent Dalek of the revived series (having appeared in a total of six episodes). 
According to the Doctor Who Files book on the Cult of Skaro, Caan was once an Attack Squad Leader in the Thirteenth Assault Group before being promoted by the Emperor.
He fought in the Battle of Canary Wharf, but his role in "Doomsday" was minor. He escaped with the rest of the Cult. In "Daleks in Manhattan" and "Evolution of the Daleks" when the Cult arrived in 1930s Manhattan, Caan had a far more significant role, taking over the group. He oversaw the construction of the Empire State Building, delivering orders from Sec to Mr. Diagoras, and acted as the Cult's contact on the surface. After Sec's transformation into a Human Dalek, Caan and Jast begin to doubt their leader's motives. When Sec decided to give the Human-Daleks emotions, Caan intervenes, altering the process to make them 100% Dalek. Caan overthrew Sec and took command of the Cult. After the Tenth Doctor spliced his own DNA into the Human-Daleks, Caan destroyed the hybrid species.
Dalek Caan reappears in "The Stolen Earth". An emergency temporal shift used to escape from the Doctor had him go through a series of times. He broke the time lock and arrived during the Time War, allowing him to rescue Davros, the creator of the Daleks. He witnessed "all of time", effectively becoming precognitive. Most of his prophecies are doggerel, and require careful interpretation. He appears to become sinisterly more lucid as his plans come to fruition, however.
In "The Stolen Earth", the Supreme Dalek refers to Caan as 'The Abomination'. 
Dalek Caan is one of very few Daleks to realise - in his case through his witnessing the actions of all Daleks throughout time - that the Dalek way of existing is destructive and intolerable. He fulfills the prediction Dalek Sec made before he was killed, by manipulating events throughout time to cause the new Daleks made by Davros to be destroyed. He himself claims that he only helped, and that the events which occurred were fated anyway.
Dalek Thay.
Dalek Thay was the first to be named on screen. He was third in command to Sec. He initiated Dalek hostilities on the invading Cybermen army after killing two of them in "Doomsday". Thay fought in the Battle of Canary Wharf and "temporally shifted" along with the other members of the Cult of Skaro when the Doctor reopened the Void.
Like the other regular Dalek members of the Cult, he had doubts about Dalek Sec's plan to merge with a human as part of Sec's vision of Dalek "evolution". He sacrificed three panels of his skirt to create the lightning conductor of the Empire State Building, and also served as the Cult's contact to Mr. Diagoras. In the climax of "Evolution of the Daleks", Thay dismisses the warnings of the Hybrid Dalek Sec and kills him. Moments later, Thay was destroyed (along with Dalek Jast) when the Dalek Human hybrids rebelled against the orders to kill the Doctor and opened fire on the Daleks instead. 
According to the Doctor Who Files book on the Cult of Skaro, Dalek Thay was the Commandant of Station Alpha, the most secret Dalek research facility, before being promoted by the Dalek Emperor.
Dalek Jast.
Dalek Jast oversaw the status of the Genesis Ark in "Doomsday". He fought in the Battle of Canary Wharf and escaped the void with his comrades. He was the fourth in command of the cult.
Jast and Thay assisted Sec in experiments underneath the Empire State Building. When Sec was about to merge with Mr Diagoras and become the first Human Dalek, he and Thay intervened with Sec's experiment in order to maintain Dalek purity, but Sec retorted that their road for supremacy has brought the Daleks to extinction. Jast continued to question Sec's motives, and eventually betrayed him along with Thay and Caan. He was destroyed by the Dalek humans along with Dalek Thay by the weapons of the human Daleks.
Dalek Jast had the highest-pitched voice in the Cult. He was the third member to be killed, shortly after Thay.
According to the Doctor Who Files book on the Cult of Skaro, Dalek Jast was Force Leader of the Outer Rim Defensive Battalion before being promoted by the Dalek Emperor.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5911742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911742" title="Spangler">
Spangler

Spangler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="5911744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911744" title="Yeti (comics)">
Yeti (comics)

Yeti is the name of two fictional comic book characters from the Marvel Comics universe and of one fictional comic character too created by the Italians Marco Di Tillo and Rodolfo Torti, published by Lanciostory, Paese Sera, Arrivano I Nostri.
Brief information.
The first Yeti is a huge humanoid and is believed to be an Inhuman that was mutated by the Terrigen Mist. 
The second Yeti was a member of Weapon P.R.I.M.E., a covert Canadian superhuman team working for Department K, the agency responsible for the Weapon X project that created the X-Men character Wolverine.
Both are depicted as huge white beasts that resemble the Wendigo.
The Yeti strip made by Marco Di Tillo and Rodolfo Torti won 1976 Comics Award in Lucca.
History.
Inhuman Yeti.
Yeti is an Inhuman mutated by the Terrigen Mist. He first appeared as a member of the superhero team First Line. During a battle while serving with the First Line he entered the fray but lost control and became a raging beast; his team mate Rapunzel used a piece of hair to distract him and he quickly calmed down. After this incident, he left the team in shame of his behavior. He tried to return to Attilan but wound up lost in the Himalayas. He set up in an abandoned temple in the Himalayas to survive. After this he was found by a Skrull woman named Khoyra. She manipulated Yeti into helping her with an invasion of Earth. The First Line repelled the attack, and Khoyra was killed by an unknown cause. Yeti took the body back to his temple and refused to leave it as it decayed. After this, little was seen of him for a while in comics. When Havok and Polaris were searching for a mutant that Cerebro had located, Yeti threw a boulder at them because he wanted to be alone. This knocked them out the sky. When they searched the temple, Yeti attacked them. The X-Men came to support Havok and Lorna but Yeti's rage overcame him. After a short battle, Pixie, another ex-member of the First Line arrived with the Inhuman royal family and turned Yeti to stone temporarily and explained the situation to the X-Men before allowing them to leave.
Weapon P.R.I.M.E. Yeti.
The second Yeti is a member of the covert Canadian superhuman group Weapon P.R.I.M.E. who has fought X-Force and Northstar of Alpha Flight. 
It has been speculated that this Yeti is either a mutant or an intelligent Wendigo. Originally, the character was actually given the codename of Wendigo. Despite their similar physical appearances, the second Yeti has no connection to the other one.
Powers and abilities.
Yeti I possesses incredible strength. He also has razor sharp claws and teeth. He is easily angered and suffers from bouts of insanity when he becomes too angry. However this savage, animal nature in these situations makes him almost unbeatable. He has been calmed by pretty things that catch his eye.
In addition to superhuman strength and claws, Yeti II possesses a healing factor which enables him to recover from serious injuries.
Alternate Versions.
Age of Apocalypse.
Yeti appears as a member of the Brotherhood of Chaos.

</doc>
<doc id="5911757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911757" title="Federal Electoral Tribunal">
Federal Electoral Tribunal

The Electoral Tribunal of the Federal Judiciary ( or ) is a venue within the judiciary of Mexico that specialises in electoral matters. Among its functions are resolving disputes arising within federal elections and certifying the validity of those elections, including those of the President of the Republic.
It comprises a permanent seven-member Superior Chamber "(Sala Superior)," located in the Federal District, and five Regional Chambers "(Salas Regionales)," one in each of the circumscriptions into which the country is divided for purposes of organising congressional elections. These Regional Chambers comprise three judges each, and are temporary in nature, sitting only during those years in which federal elections are held, and are based in the cities of Guadalajara, Monterrey, Xalapa, Mexico City, and Toluca. The architect of the Federal Electoral Tribunal in Monterrey, was Mexican architect of royal Bourbon bloodline Manuel De Santiago-de Borbón González Bravo, whose lifetime architectural legacy to Mexico amounts to 11,000,000 built square meters nationwide, including many famous buildings and sites.
There were two direct precursors of the TEPJF:
The TEPJF is frequently referred to in the media by the acronym of its predecessor, the TRIFE.
The seven magistrates who currently sit in the Superior Chamber are:
2006.
Notwithstanding Andrés Manuel López Obrador's claims in the streets and in the press, on 5 August 2006 the Federal Electoral Tribunal declared in a unanimous ruling that the Alliance for the Good of All had failed to file valid complaints that would substantiate a claim for a complete national recount. Based on the valid complaints filed, the Tribunal ordered and conducted a recount of the votes in 9.07% of the precincts. In the partial recount, the Tribunal found that no evidence of widespread fraud. It did, however, find errors in the tally sheets and, in rectifying those errors, it corrected the final election results by adding and subtracting from each candidate to accord with the number of valid ballots cast for each. See Acuerdo relacionado con la ejecución de diversas sentencias interlocutorias emitidas el cinco de agosto de dos mil seis at [http://www.trife.gob.mx/].
Based on those results, on 5 September 2006 the Tribunal certified the PAN candidate Felipe Calderón as the lawfully elected next President of Mexico. See Dictamen relativo al cómputo final de la elección de Presidente de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos, declaración de validez de la elección y de presidente electo at [http://www.trife.gob.mx/]. Under law as reformed in the 1990s by Congress (including representatives of both the PAN and the PRD), this legal ruling of the independent Federal Electoral Tribunal is final.

</doc>
<doc id="5911758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911758" title="Brush Creek (Wills Creek)">
Brush Creek (Wills Creek)

Brush Creek is a tributary of Wills Creek in Pennsylvania in the United States.
Brush Creek drains a piece of the Allegheny Plateau in Somerset County, and enters Wills Creek just above the Railroad Cut Falls at Fairhope.

</doc>
<doc id="5911760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911760" title="2000 Minnesota Twins season">
2000 Minnesota Twins season

The 2000 Minnesota Twins were the last Twins team with a losing record in eight consecutive years of losing teams. The team finished with a 69-93 record, with weak hitting but slightly better pitching. One would not have suspected that this team, led by Manager Tom Kelly, would reach the postseason only two years later.
Regular season.
Offense.
The most solid offensive year came from the team's lone all-star representative, right fielder Matt Lawton. Lawton hit .305 with 13 home runs, 88 RBI, and 23 stolen bases. Also notable this year were shortstop Cristian Guzman's major league leading 20 triples. Like most of his career with the Twins, David Ortiz spent much of the 2000 season rehabbing injuries. He did, however, play in 88 games as the team's designated hitter. The Twins also experimented with Butch Huskey in the DH spot. Not surprisingly, this was not a successful experiment, with Huskey playing in only 39 games at the position.
Pitching.
The starting rotation showed flashes of brilliance with Brad Radke, Eric Milton, Mark Redman, and Joe Mays in for most the year. Radke, Milton, and Redman all had ERAs of under 5. The fifth starter was uncertain, with Sean Bergman making 14 starts, and J.C. Romero making 11. Romero's ERA of 7.02 did not suggest the dominant reliever he would subsequently become.
Despite uncertainty as to the identity of the closer, the bullpen was stellar. LaTroy Hawkins, Bob Wells, Eddie Guardado, Travis Miller, and Héctor Carrasco all had strong years out of the bullpen. Hawkins led the club with 14 saves.
One notable presence among the pitching staff was rookie Johan Santana, acquired from the Houston Astros via the Florida Marlins in the Rule 5 Draft. In order for the Twins to keep Santana under Rule 5, Santana was required to stay on the major league roster for the entire season. He did, and his numbers did nothing to suggest he would one day win a Cy Young Award. His ERA was 6.49 and he struck out 64 batters in 86 innings. He was used almost exclusively in mop-up roles, although he did start five games. He spent most of the 2001 season in the minor leagues. The Twins' foresight in keeping him on the roster during the 2000 season must be regarded as one of the greatest uses ever of the Rule 5 Draft.
Defense.
The infield was mostly steady with Ron Coomer at first, Jay Canizaro at second, Guzman at short, Corey Koskie at third, and Denny Hocking backing them all up. The 2000 season saw the inception of the "Soul Patrol" outfield of Jacque Jones, Torii Hunter, and Lawton. Nobody was able to establish himself as the everyday catcher, with Matt LeCroy playing in 48 games at the position, Chad Moeller in 40, Marcus Jensen in 37, A.J. Pierzynski in 27, and Danny Ardoin in 10.
Player stats.
Batting.
Starters by position.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"
Other batters.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Other pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Relief pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned Run Average; SO = Strikeouts"
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Elizabethton

</doc>
<doc id="5911762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911762" title="Al-Mansoorah">
Al-Mansoorah

Al-Mansoorah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911782" title="The World's Greatest Sinner">
The World's Greatest Sinner

"The World's Greatest Sinner" is a 1962 film written, directed, and produced by, and starring noted character actor Timothy Carey. 
The self-financed film tells the story of a frustrated insurance salesman, Clarence Hilliard (played by Carey), who quits his job because he finds it meaningless. After witnessing an ecstatic crowd at a rock concert, Hilliard forms a band. Finding that he can whip crowds into a frenzy with his wildly unhinged rockabilly performances, Hilliard proceeds to churn his fan base into a political party, and eventually into a religious cult based on Hilliard's assertion that every man is a god. Clarence finances the cult by seducing elderly widows out of their life savings (the film features sequences of Timothy Carey making love to elderly women, as well as a 14-year-old girl). The more powerful Clarence becomes, the more egomaniacal and detached from reality he grows, eventually insisting upon being called God with a capital "G" (literally-- "God Hilliard"). His followers worship him. Soon he personally challenges the God of the Bible to prove that Clarence himself is not the true Almighty. God obliges him.
The film is narrated by noted voice actor Paul Frees.
"The World's Greatest Sinner" never had an official release, though it aired on the Turner Classic Movies cable network. Director Martin Scorsese is one of the film's supporters, having named it as one of his favorite Rock and Roll films. Musician Will Oldham has also championed the film, and selected it when invited to present a favorite film at the 2001 Maryland Film Festival.
The film features a score composed by a young, pre-Mothers of Invention Frank Zappa. At about the same time, Zappa appeared on "The Steve Allen Show", playing a "bicycle concerto" by plucking spokes and blowing through the handlebars. In the interview portion of the program, Zappa talked briefly about scoring the soundtrack for the film, which he called "the worst film ever made," even though the general public wouldn't have the opportunity to see the film he was talking about for another 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5911783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911783" title="Northwest Ohio">
Northwest Ohio

Northwest or northwestern Ohio consists of multiple counties in the northwestern corner of the United States state of Ohio. This area borders Lake Erie, southern Michigan, and eastern Indiana. Some areas in northwestern Ohio are also considered the Black Swamp area. The Toledo metropolitan area is also part of the region. Just like any other region, there is no universally agreed-upon boundary for northwestern Ohio, as the entire area is defined differently by the opinions of multiple people. 
The area's population in the year 2000 was 1,639,144. The area is declining in population, specifically in the northern regions (counties shaded in the darker blue and Allen County). Southern areas such as Marion and Morrow counties as well as the city of Findlay are growing.
Places considered within northwest Ohio.
These places are or may be classified as being in northwestern Ohio, depending on the definition being applied:
Other cities, villages, and townships.
If a city is a county seat, it has been listed above according to the county in which it lies. Many of the cities, townships, and villages in northwest Ohio are clustered in the Toledo MSA. This list is incomplete.
Extreme Northwest Ohio.
Extreme Northwest Ohio, or Far N'western Ohio, is a portion of Northwest Ohio best known as the Great Black Swamp area due to its natural history. The counties of Defiance, Fulton, Henry, Paulding, Putnam, Van Wert, and Williams in the state of Ohio are usually classified as extreme northwest Ohio. 
According to the 2000 Census, the population of this portion of NW Ohio is 234,660. When Allen and Hancock counties are included, the population is 414,428. Just like any other region, there is no universally agreed-upon line for northwestern Ohio, as the entire area is defined differently by the opinions of multiple people.
Transportation.
Airports.
Toledo Express Airport (TOL), in suburban Swanton, is the largest airport in northwest Ohio. Toledo Express is served by seven major passenger airlines, and has been named one of the five best small airports in the Midwest. Toledo Express is also a major air cargo center, serving as the international hub for BAX Global. Toledo Express has begun a $22 million renovation project; As of 2007, the airport has expanded and renovated the central gate area of its single terminal, and is seeking an airline to offer direct service to New York City.
Toledo Express also hosts the corporate flight departments of Owens-Illinois, Owens-Corning, Pilkington, and Dana Corporation. Grand Aire Express offers charter and air taxi services from its base at the airport. In education, the airport is a base of operations for FlightSafety International and Toledo Public Schools' aviation program, with flight instruction also offered by the airport's two fixed-base operators, who also provide fuel, repair, and storage for general aviation aircraft. Additionally, Toledo Express is a base for F-16 fighter jets of the Ohio Air National Guard, which has provided the airport additional funding for runway lengthening and safety enhancements.
Detroit Metropolitan Airport to the north, Port Columbus International Airport to the southeast, and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport to the east are the major or hub airports serving residents of northwest Ohio. Detroit Metro is a "fortress hub" for Delta Airlines and offers both domestic and international flights. Cleveland Hopkins is a hub for United Airlines and offers both domestic and international flights.
Charter and air taxi service is also available at several smaller airports, such as Toledo Metcalf Field, Findlay Airport, and Lima Allen County Airport. General aviation users can also land at any one of approximately 40 public-use airports (both publicly and privately owned) in northwest Ohio.
The Williams County Airport in Bryan has the second longest runway in Northwest Ohio (Next to Toledo), making it the only other airport able to land larger aircraft in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="5911792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911792" title="Spernall">
Spernall

Spernall is a remote village north of Alcester in the Parish of Oldberrow, Morton Bagot, and Spernall, in the Stratford on Avon District of Warwickshire, England. In 2001 it had a population of 153. It is situated on the banks of the small River Arrow, the name meaning Spera's border (of his property). Early forms of the name are Spernore. and Spernoure in the 1327 Subsidy Roll. The village consists only of the church and rectory and a few scattered farms and cottages. At some time between 1195 and 1361 the parish was largely depopulated by pestilence, so that many of the villein tenements, which had hitherto accounted for almost the whole population, came into the hands of freemen. This may well refer to the Black Death; the priest at Spernall, Nicholas atte Yate, died in 1349 and there was another institution in 1351.
In the 17th century the population seems to have mainly consisted of substantial farmers, for in 1625 it is described as a place with 'few or no poor at all in it and many wealthy inhabitants', and the Hearth Tax returns (1662–74) show the high average of about 2.5 hearths per house. It is now part of the parish of Morton Bagot, Oldberrow and Spernall which in 2001 had a population of 153.
History.
The "Domesday Book" records it as being part of the Land of William Bonvallett, stating Hugh holds 2 hides at Spernall from William. Land for 4 ploughs. In lordship 1; 4 villagers and 7 smallholders with 3 ploughs. A mill at 4s and 7 sticks of eels; meadow, ; woodland 3 furlongs long and 1 wide.
Economy.
Whilst mostly agricultural Spernall also contains a large water treatment works on the River Arrow. The Purity Brewing Co are located at The Brewery, Upper Spernall Farm, Off Spernal Lane, Great Alne, Warwickshire B49 6JF manufacturing their Pure Gold, Pure UBU and Mad Goose ales. Also located in Spernall are Sherwoods a company specialising in sport optics, located at Greenhill Farm.
Notable buildings.
The Church of St Leonard is small stone building consisting of a chancel, rebuilt in 1844 when the church was restored, nave, south porch and a western bell turret containing one bell. The church has been closed since 1972 and is now owned by the Ancient Monuments Society and tennanted.
The survey of the clergy by the puritans in 1586 described the Rector Humphrey Style thus; "Humfrie Stile 'parson dumbe and unlearned a common alehousehaunter and of suspected life : Value xx markes by the yeare".
Governance.
Spernall is part of the Sambourne ward of Stratford on Avon District Council and represented by Councillor Justin Kerridge, Conservative. Nationally it is part of Stratford-on-Avon constituency, whose current Member of Parliament following the 2010 election is Nadhim Zahawi of the Conservative Party.
It is included in the West Midlands electoral region of the European Parliament and the six members are; Mike Nattrass (UK Independence), Liz Lynne (Liberal Democrat), Malcolm Harbour (Conservative), Michael Cashman (Labour), Philip Bradbourn OBE (Conservative) and Nicole Sinclaire (UK Independence).
External links.
For more detail on St Leonards see the Friends of Friendless Churches site [http://www.friendsoffriendlesschurches.org.uk/churches/Spernall/spernall-history.htm]
Purity Brewing Co. [http://www.puritybrewing.com/vision.cfm]

</doc>
<doc id="5911798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911798" title="Tzvi Pesach Frank">
Tzvi Pesach Frank

Rabbi Tzvi Pesach Frank (1873–1960) (Hebrew: הרב צבי פסח פרנק) was a renowned halachic scholar and the Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem for several decades.
Biography.
Frank was born in Kovno, Lithuania, the son of Yehuda Leib Frank and Malka Silman. He studied in Lithuanian yeshivas, learning under Rabbi Eliezer Gordon, among others. In 1892, he emigrated to Palestine with his brother Tanhum, his sister Zippora and his first cousin, Rabbi Shmuel Hillel Shenker. His parents arrived in 1893. Tzvi Pesach continued his studies in yeshivas in Jerusalem. His father was one of the founders of Hadera.
In 1907, Frank was appointed dayan in the Beth Din of the Edah HaChareidis headed by Rabbi Shmuel Salant, the Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem. Frank served on this Beth Din for nearly 60 years, eventually becoming "Av Beit Din" (head of the rabbinical court) and Rav of Jerusalem.
Frank was active in establishing the office of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and was instrumental in appointing Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook as the first Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi. Rabbi Jacob Meir, the first Sephardic Chief Rabbi, had been in Palestine prior to the formal development of the office.
Frank was recognized for his efforts by The Pacific Club in 1917 for advancing American relationships in the region. However, although Frank was a member of the Israeli Chief Rabbinate Council from its inception in 1921, he did not attend meetings of that body for six years prior to his death. One of his last acts was to send a letter to the meeting of rabbis in Tel Aviv, supporting the boycott of elections to the Chief Rabbinate.
Halachic rulings.
As an important posek, Rabbi Frank authored many halachic decisions. Three of his decisions which became official Jerusalem rabbinate policy were:
Frank also ruled that one may not use an electric menorah on Hanukkah since the menorah must contain enough fuel at the time of lighting to burn for at least half an hour after nightfall.
Bibliography.
Frank authored:
Death and legacy.
Frank died on 10 December 1960 (21 Kislev 5721) and was buried on Har HaMenuchot. His funeral was attended by many thousands of mourners. All of Israel's Beth Dins were closed for the day and the Cabinet adjourned so that ministers could attend the funeral. Eulogies were delivered by Rabbi Yitzhak Nissim, the Sephardi Chief rabbi; Rabbi Isser Yehuda Unterman, Chief rabbi of Tel Aviv; and Rabbi R. Katz, Chief rabbi of Petah Tikva.
His son, Yaakov Frank, was a member of Israeli Knesset from Labor Party. His grandson, Zvi Pesach Frank, is a co-founder of an Israeli hi-tech startup, Interwise. His son-in-law, Rabbi Menachem Sacks, was a leader in Jewish education in Chicago for nearly six decades. Another son-in-law, Shmuel Rozovsky (1913–1979) was a Rosh Yeshiva at the Ponevezh Yeshiva located in Bnei Brak, Israel, and was counted amongst the great rabbis of his generation.
His great-grandson, Rabbi Daniel Landes, is the Rosh Yeshiva of the Pardes Institute in Jerusalem. Another great-grandson, Rabbi Yonason Sacks, is currently the Rosh Yeshiva of Beis Medresh L'Talmud/Lander College for Men, a division of Touro College in New York, as well as the rav at the Agudas Yisroel of Passaic Park in Passaic, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="5911800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911800" title="Novardok Yeshiva">
Novardok Yeshiva

The Novardok Yeshiva in Navahrudak, then the Russian Empire, was one of the biggest and most important yeshivas in pre-World War II Europe, and a powerful force within the Mussar movement. 
The yeshiva was established in 1896, together with a Kollel for married men, under the direction of Rabbi Yosef Yozel Horwitz, an alumnus of the Kovno Kollel and pupil of Rabbi Yisrael Salanter. In the footsteps of his mentor, he was a staunch advocate of the Mussar approach. He was known as the "Alter fun Novardok", a Yiddish term meaning "the elder of Novardok".
It was the first of hundreds of yeshivas of Musar, which were created subsequently. They all assumed the name of Novardok yeshivas.
Novardok established yeshivas all over the region, in major cities such as Kiev, Kharkov, Nizhny Novgorod, Rostov-on-Don, Zhitomir, Berditchev, Tsaritsyn, Saratov, Plogid, and Chernigov. Influenced by the "Alter", his students also created Yeshivas in Kherson, Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Kamieniec-Podolski, Berdichev, Nikolaev, Bălţi, Odessa and other places. The "Alter" sent young scholars to lead the yeshivas.
The directors of the yeshivas were in constant contact with The "Alter", who guided and visited them, spending nearly every Shabbos in a different town.
One of the highlights of the yeshiva's mussar program was its daily "mussar hour." During these sessions, students engaged in fiery soul-searching.
Early history.
The yeshiva opened with ten students. A few months later there were already fifty. A year after the yeshiva's establishment, great criticism was levelled at the study and practice of Mussar, and the opponents of that philosophy sought to close the yeshiva. They didn't succeed. By 1899, the yeshiva had swelled to 200 pupils.
Some students came to Novardok yeshiva from as far as the Caucasus.
At first, The "Alter" served as both the rosh yeshiva and mashgiach of the yeshiva, delivering shiurim in Gemara and mussar. In time, though, he appointed others to deliver the Gemara shiurim, while he focused on developing the mussar aspect of the yeshiva.
After the Bolshevik takeover of Russia, the "Alter" ordered his students to cross the border into Poland. Many of the students were shot in the attempt; others were sent to Siberian prison camps, but six hundred made it across the border.
The "Alter's" son-in-law, Rabbi Avraham Yoffen, was the head of the Novardok yeshiva in Białystok, the biggest Yeshiva in Poland between the two world wars. This yeshiva "Beit Yosef", which was the name of all Novardok yeshivas in Poland, supervised 30 other "Beit Yosef" yeshivas.
The Novardok philosophy.
Self-improvement.
Novardok had its own unique outlook, stressing the total negation of ego and the physical world. Through this, the complete and total focus of a person can be on his spiritual and intellectual side. Like other Mussar schools, Novardok demanded the complete shattering of personal desires, eradicating any vestige of evil habits. For that purpose, students would carry notebooks, in which they would daily enter records of failures and achievements. Before bedtime, they would check their "bookkeeping" and make plans-of-action for correcting faults. One method of "breaking" oneself was by denying oneself the rewards of a sin. 
Students of Novardok participated in deliberately humiliating behaviour, such as wearing old, patched clothing, or going to a shop and asking for a product not sold there, such as screws in a bakery. All Novardok students would share their personal belongings with friends to rid themselves of their desires for worldly possessions.
One pupil related that the purpose of these exercises were not to "put yourself down", as is commonly thought. The training, in fact, promoted the opposite; it gave the students the emotional freedom from the chains of public approval. They discovered that the fear of embarrassment was actually much greater than the reality. This strengthened their confidence to do the right thing, oblivious to what others might think.
Novardok network.
An extension of Novardok's unconventional approach entailed the establishment of numerous branches of the yeshiva. The most elite students of the yeshiva would set out on foot to strange communities without money in their pockets, simultaneously abstaining from speech and not asking for a ride or even food. Upon reaching a town, they would enter the Beth Midrash, and without a word to anyone, study Torah.
With this method, Novardok established in Poland alone no less than seventy yeshivas of varying sizes. Dispatched from the yeshiva base in Białystok, teams would investigate towns and cities and evaluate their suitability for a yeshiva. The extensive Novardok network supplied half of all the students to Eastern Europe's other famous yeshivas.
In Israel.
One of the "Alter's" students, Rabbi Ben Tzion Bruk opened a branch of the Yeshiva in Jerusalem in the 1930s. The Yeshiva was called Bais Yoseph Novardok. Today, it is headed by his son and grandson, Rabbi Yitzchok Bruk and Rabbi Avrohom Bruk, respectively.
Post World War II.
With the exception of Gateshead Talmudical College which is officially called "Yeshivas Beis Yosef" of Gateshead, all Novardok yeshivas in Europe were wiped out during the Holocaust. Several Novardok yeshivas were established after the Holocaust. However, most of the post-World War II yeshivas are run as regular yeshivas, without the unique Novardok way of education.
Rabbi Avraham Yoffen survived the Holocaust, came to the United States, and settled in Brooklyn, New York where he re-established the yeshiva. The faculty consisted of Rabbi Yoffen as dean, his son, Rabbi Yaakov Yoffen as a lecturer, and his son-in-law Rabbi Yehuda Leib Nekritz as Mashgiach ruchani.
During the 1960s, Rabbi Avraham Yoffen moved to Jerusalem and established a branch of his yeshiva in Meah Shearim. Under the leadership of the younger Rabbi Yoffen and Rabbi Nekritz, the Brooklyn branch continued to thrive and became renowned as a center for advanced Talmudic studies.
Following Rabbi Avraham Yoffen's passing in 1970, leadership of the Jerusalem branch was assumed by his grandson, Rabbi Aaron Yoffen, editor of the Mossad Harav Kook edition of the Ritva's commentary to Yevamot and Nedarim. Yearly, Rabbi Yaakov Jofen would travel to Jerusalem to teach the students of his father's yeshiva.
Following Rabbi Nekritz's death and Rabbi Yaakov Yoffen's passing in 2003, the leadership of the Brooklyn-based yeshiva fell to their sons, Rabbi Mordechai Yoffen and Rabbi Tzvi Nekritz. They chose to move the Yeshiva to the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, and bring in Rabbi Yaakov Drillman of Yeshiva Chaim Berlin as a Rosh Yeshiva.
The Jerusalem branch is headed by Rabbi Shmuel and Rabbi Eitan Yoffen, sons of Rabbi Aaron Yoffen. However, the latter is primarily a high level talmudic professor in the Mir Yeshiva of Jerusalem.
Another branch of the yeshiva, the Yeshiva of Far Rockaway in Far Rockaway, New York, is led by Rabbi Yechiel Perr, son-in-law of Rabbi Yehuda Leib Nekritz. The yeshiva is named after Rabbi Yoffen's book, "Derech Ayson".
Another branch in the footsteps of Novardok is Yeshiva Madreigas HaAdam in Queens, NY, named after the Alter's mussar compendium, headed by Rabbi Yoffen's grandson, Rabbi Moshe Faskowitz.
An additional network of Novardok Yeshivas was founded after World War II in France by Rabbi Gershon Liebman (1905-1997).
Further reading.
A condensed version of the history of the Novardok Yeshiva can be found in a collective book, written by Rabbi Yehuda Leib Nekritz.

</doc>
<doc id="5911801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911801" title="Serbian Orthodox monasteries">
Serbian Orthodox monasteries

Serb Orthodox monasteries are found throughout Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia, Romania, Macedonia, Montenegro, Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, Turkey, Hungary, Italy, Austria, Germany, France, England, Canada and the United States. This foundation of monasteries followed the forming of the first semi-independent Serbian states (under Byzantine rule) starting in the 10th century. The first monasteries were built in the Raška region, in the Southwestern Serbia, then Kosovo and finally in Central Serbia. Fleeing the Turkish tyranny, the majority of Serbs migrated to the North. Shortly thereafter, the first monasteries on the Fruška Gora Mountain were established. The modern-day monasteries in North America are the result of the general ebb and flow of emigration itself.
All the Serbian rulers were very religious and instead of building palaces, they established monasteries as their endowments and mausoleums. Monasteries used to be the place where important decisions were made. The first books were copied here and thus literacy was spread and the culture of the Serbian people was formed. The walls were illuminated by frescoes reflecting the artistic styles of the time. Some of this frescoes are extremely valuable art treasures like the frescoes in the Sopocani monastery and the Frescoe of the White Angel ("Beli anđeo") from the 13th century in the Monastery of Mileševa now under the protection of UNESCO. Dečani Monastery, Patriarchate of Peć, Gračanica Monastery, and Our Lady of Ljeviš are also listed in UNESCO World Heritage Site list, as "Medieval Monuments in Kosovo".
References.
http://www.eparhija-prizren.com/en Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Raska-Prizren and Kosovo-Metohija
http://www.spc.rs/ official website of the Serbian Orthodox Church
http://www.serbia.travel/culture/monasteries/ National Tourism Organisation of Serbia website
http://www.uns.ac.rs/sr/izleti/manastiri/ The Holy Mountain Fruška Gora - map (Serbian)
http://www.sv-luka.org/monasteries/indexsr.htm medieval monasteries of the Serbian Orthodox Church (Serbian)
http://www.manastiri.rs/ Monasteries in Serbia (Serbian)
http://www.discoverserbia.org/en/monasteries
http://www.zica.org.rs/english Serbian Imperial Lavra
http://www.mostrog.me/ Serbian Orthodox Church sanctuary in Montenegro
http://www.hilandar.org/ Serbian Orthodox monastery on Mount Athos in Greece
http://www.zaduzbine-nemanjica.rs/english.htm Foundation of Nemanjić Dynasty

</doc>
<doc id="5911802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911802" title="Mat Bruso">
Mat Bruso

Mat Bruso (born 1983) is vocalist of the Massachusetts metalcore band, Bury Your Dead. He joined the band in 2003, shortly before the band signed to Victory Records and released their debut full-length album "You Had Me At Hello." He has also gained a certain degree of renown throughout the hardcore scene when, while filming a live concert for their Live DVD, he was hit in the head with guitarist Eric Ellis' guitar. Though he required 12 staples, Bruso was able to finish the remaining nine songs of the show. The stapling procedure was shown at the tale end of the DVD.
Departure from Bury Your Dead.
The band confirmed his departure on Wednesday, January 3, 2007. An official statement was made available on the band's official MySpace page which said that Bruso decided to leave the band so that he could pursue an education to become a teacher as well as plan for his upcoming marriage to Angie Butler.
Mat worked with Four Year Strong for their first album, providing vocals on two tracks.
He has worked in a special education sub-separate classroom at the Fowler Middle School in Maynard, Massachusetts. He currently works in special education in North Reading, Massachusetts.
Mat did guest vocals for the song, "Chrono," on The Ghost Inside's album "Returners."
He also did guest vocals on the song, "Goliath," on Catalepsy's upcoming album "Bleed."
Return to Bury Your Dead.
On January 17, 2011, it was announced that Mat has rejoined the band, after having been brought in by Mediaskare to finish the new Bury Your Dead album after negotiations could not be reached between the band and the label. Former lead vocalist Myke Terry's management thought the contract with Mediaskare records wasn't a beneficial situation for Myke. His first show back with the band was on April 15, 2011 at the annual New England Metal and Hardcore Festival in Worcester, Massachusetts. Bury Your Dead's is the sixth studio album Mosh & Roll on August 2, 2011 on Mediaskare Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5911806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911806" title="Huddinge IK">
Huddinge IK

Huddinge IK (or "Huddinge Hockey"), is a Swedish ice hockey team from Huddinge, a southern suburb of Stockholm. The team is currently playing in the third highest league in Sweden, Division 1. In the middle of the 1990s, a women's floorball section was founded, whose A-team advanced to Elitserien, the highest league, in 2008.
History.
Huddinge IK was founded as the ice hockey section of Huddinge IF in 1946, and wasn't spun off into a separate club until January 8, 1950. The club has played 21 seasons in Sweden's second-highest ice hockey league, and has participated in the qualifiers for promotion to the highest league without success more than any other Swedish club. A qualification play off game in 1989 versus Timrå IK was decided by a winning goal for Timrå 1:14 into the third overtime period, and was by then the second longest Swedish hockey game ever played, the longest in the two highest divisions. The game is still among the top 10 longest games.
The last time the team was close to advancing, in the 1992-93 season, they moved their home game versus neighbors AIK to the Globe Arena and reached their spectator record of 12,487, then the fourth largest, but now the tenth largest record for any Swedish club. The larger ones being Frölunda HC - 31,144, HV 71 - 18,884, Djurgårdens IF - 18,070, Leksands IF - 17,319, AIK - 17,098, Färjestads BK - 15,274, Brynäs IF - 15,009, Mora IK - 13.850 and Malmö Redhawks - 13.247. Four of the clubs have gained their new records at outdoor event games, Malmö built a new arena in later days, and Mora's record was set in a game facing Dalecarlia neighbors Leksands IF in the Globe Arena. Huddinge's attendance record is the sixth highest set indoors.
They won the game (5-3). The away game versus AIK, about a month later, was tied 3-3, and had a spectator number of 13,124. For 15 years, these two games between AIK and Huddinge in 1993 were the two Swedish national games outside of the top division and the Swedish Championship competitions with the largest spectator numbers, but in November 2008 that record was lost to IF Malmö Redhawks.
In the 1999/2000 and 2004/05 seasons, the team has been relegated to the present third level league, division 1, but both times there has been an instant comeback. In the 2007/08 season the team had to play a relegation league to remain in HockeyAllsvenskan and didn't make it, but was re-promoted in the middle of the summer on the relegation of Nyköpings Hockey. In the 2008/09 season, however, Huddinge once more had to play the relegation league and didn't make it, and in the 2009/10 season Hudinge won their division 1 and Alletta leagues but lost two straight games in the play offs for the qualification league, to Olofströms IK. With neighbors AIK promoted for the 2010/11 Elitserien, this made the 2010/11 HockeyAllsvenskan the first time ever with no team from the Stockholm area in the second level league icehockey.
In 2010/11 and 2012/13 Huddinge reached the final qualification league, Kvalserien, for HockeyAllsvenskan promotion, but didn't make it all the way. During the NHL lockout in the 2012/13 season, goaltender Jhonas Enroth practised with the club and played two games, before signing with second tier league team Almtuna IS, playing there until the NHL started. He went on to play in the national team, winning the World Championships in Stockholm, the first time the club had a player in the national team who had played in the club the same season. He was the second player with NHL experience to play competitive games for Huddinge. The first one beig Greg Mauldin, who Huddinge had on loan from IK Oskarshamn late in the 2006/07 season.
The team is most renowned as a "plant school" for the more established teams in the area. Famous Swedish ice hockey players such as Michael Nylander, Jan Mertzig, Mattias Norström have been fostered on the team. Among the 2012/13 World Champions, five players had played in Huddinge. Except for Jhonas Enroth, also Elias Fälth, Dick Axelsson, Staffan Kronwall and Niklas Persson. Persson never in the senior team. Kronwall the only one not fostered in the club. The assisting coach Rikard Grönborg was also a previous Huddinge player. It should of course also bo noted that the legendary supplies responsible Anders "Pudding" Weiderstål is from Huddinge.
In the 1953/54 season, when the club entered the third level league for the first time, it had a tremendously big name in Swedish ice hockey history on the team - Lars Ljungman, the Swedish ice hockey player who has scored the most goals in the same national game, 12 goals when Sweden beat Belgium 24-1 in the 1947 World Championships in Prague.
Peter Forsberg made his debut game with the senior team for his Swedish club Modo Hockey, when they played Huddinge away, on March 4, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5911826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911826" title="Sarasaviya Best Music Direction Award">
Sarasaviya Best Music Direction Award

The Sarasaviya Best Music Direction Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival. Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5911845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911845" title="Wings (play)">
Wings (play)

Wings is a 1978 play by American playwright Arthur Kopit. Originating as a radio play, it was later adapted for stage and screen.
In 1976, Kopit was commissioned to write an original radio play by the NPR drama project "Earplay". Just prior, his father suffered a debilitating stroke, which inspired Kopit to write the play about the language disorder and psychological perspective of a stroke victim. The female character of the play is an amalgam of two women who were both patients at the rehab center that cared for his father.
Production history.
The first professional stage performance of "Wings" took place at the Yale Repertory Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut on March 3, 1978, with Constance Cummings as Emily Stilson, and Marianne Owen as Amy.
The YRT cast and crew was as follows:
On January 28, 1979, the show opened at the Kennedy Center.
The cast and crew was as follows:
It was filmed for U.S. television in 1983, starring Constance Cummings and Mary-Joan Negro.

</doc>
<doc id="5911855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911855" title="Greek Street">
Greek Street

Greek Street is a street in Soho, London, leading south from Soho Square to Shaftesbury Avenue. The street is famous for its restaurants and cosmopolitan nature.
History.
It is thought to take its name from a Greek Church, which was built in 1677 in adjacent Crown Street, now part of the west side of Charing Cross Road. The church is depicted in William Hogarth's 'Noon' from Four Times of the Day.
Although the street has several houses from the 18th century and earlier, it is mainly 19th century in appearance.
No. 1 Greek Street is the House of St Barnabas, built in 1746. In 1811, it became the offices of the Westminster Commissioner for Works for Sewers. This is where Chief Engineer Sir Joseph Bazalgette started to work on the construction of the London sewage system. By 1862 the house was taken over by The House of Charity, which was established in 1846 to provide temporary accommodation for homeless people. Charles Dickens used the house and gardens as a model for the London lodgings of Dr Manette and Lucy in "A Tale of Two Cities".
In the mid-eighteenth century, no. 9 was the location of the Turk's Head Tavern where a well-known lodge of Freemasons met. The Ancient Grand Lodge of England was organized there on 17 July 1751.
The Coach & Horses pub (also known as Norman's), famous for the rudeness of its former landlord Norman Balon, is at no. 29, at the corner with Romilly Street. The fortnightly editorial lunch of Private Eye is held in the Coach and Horses. There has been a public house of that name on the site since the 1720s. There has been a public house known as Pillars of Hercules at no. 7 since 1733.
No. 47 is known for providing temporary lodgings for famed Venetian adventurer and author Giacomo Casanova in 1764. The noted Victorian sheet music lithographer Alfred Concanen was living at No. 66 with his wife and children in 1861.
No. 49, on the west side of Greek Street, was the home of the legendary folk music club, Les Cousins.
In the southern part of the street (past Old Compton Street), no. 28 is the site of Maison Bertaux, a renowned French pâtisserie, founded in 1871. Owned by sisters Michele and Tania Wade, it is known as headquarters for the artist Martin Firrell. The upstairs tea room shows work by comedian and artist Noel Fielding and members of Icelandic band Sigur Rós among others. It is also the home of the The Maison Bertaux Theatre Club, which performs within the tiny confines of the shop.
The street forms the setting for the 1930 film "Greek Street", directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Sari Maritza and William Freshman.
In the Gangster film "Villain" (1971) the crime lord Vic Dakin (Richard Burton) recommends Greek Street as a source of prostitution. "Try the Manhattan Club in Greek Street... lot of 'sunburnt' girls there... for twenty quid they'll do anything... enjoy yourself!"
Present day.
Greek Street is known for its selection of restaurants and cafes which currently include a Hungarian restaurant ("The Gay Hussar" at No. 2), an oriental organic vegetarian restaurant, a Thai restaurant, a pizzeria, a traditional Chinese restaurant, an Italian restaurant and a Moroccan and Lebanese restaurant. There is also a gallery, a whisky shop, several bars and offices. At number 48 is the Michelin-starred L'Escargot restaurant. There are also several "walk-ups" (providers of legal prostitution) along the street.
The street crosses Manette Street, Bateman Street, Old Compton Street and Romilly Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5911859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911859" title="Ax–Kochen theorem">
Ax–Kochen theorem

The Ax–Kochen theorem, named for James Ax and Simon B. Kochen, states that for each positive integer "d" there is a finite set "Yd" of prime numbers, such that if "p" is any prime not in "Yd" then every homogeneous polynomial of degree "d" over the p-adic numbers in at least "d"2+1 variables has a nontrivial zero.
The proof of the theorem.
The proof of the theorem makes extensive use of methods from mathematical logic, such as model theory.
One first proves Serge Lang's theorem, stating that the analogous theorem is true for the field F"p"(("t")) of formal Laurent series over a finite field F"p" with formula_1. In other words, every homogeneous polynomial of degree "d" with more than "d"2 variables has a non-trivial zero (so F"p"(("t")) is a C2 field).
Then one shows that if two Henselian valued fields have equivalent valuation groups and residue fields, and the residue fields have characteristic 0, then they are elementarily equivalent (which means that a first order sentence is true for one if and only if it is true for the other).
Next one applies this to two fields, one given by an ultraproduct over all primes of the fields F"p"(("t")) and the other given by an ultraproduct over all primes of the "p"-adic fields "Q""p".
Both residue fields are given by an ultraproduct over the fields F"p", so are isomorphic and have characteristic 0, and both value groups are the same, so the ultraproducts are elementarily equivalent. (Taking ultraproducts is used to force the residue field to have characteristic 0; the residue fields of F"p"(("t"))
and "Q""p" both have non-zero characteristic "p".)
The elementary equivalence of these ultraproducts implies that for any sentence in the language of valued fields, there is a finite set "Y" of exceptional primes, such that for any "p" not in this set the sentence is true for F"p"(("t")) if and only if it is true for the field of "p"-adic numbers. Applying this to the sentence stating that every non-constant homogeneous polynomial of degree "d" in at least "d"2+1 variables represents 0, and using Lang's theorem, one gets the Ax–Kochen theorem.
Alternative proof.
In 2008, Jan Denef found a purely geometric proof for a conjecture of Jean-Louis Colliot-Thélène which generalizes the Ax–Kochen theorem. He presented his proof at the "Variétés rationnelles" seminar at École Normale Supérieure in Paris, but the proof has not been published yet.
Exceptional primes.
Emil Artin conjectured this theorem with the finite exceptional set "Yd" being empty (that is, that all "p"-adic fields are C2), but Guy Terjanian found the following 2-adic counterexample for "d" = 4. Define
Then "G" has the property that it is 1 mod 4 if some "x" is odd, and 0 mod 16 otherwise. It follows easily from this that the homogeneous form
of degree "d"=4 in 18> "d"2 variables has no non-trivial zeros over the 2-adic integers.
Later Terjanian showed that for each prime "p" and multiple "d">2 of "p"("p"−1), there is a form over the "p"-adic numbers of degree "d" with more than "d"2 variables but no nontrivial zeros. In other words, for all "d"> 2, "Yd" contains all primes "p" such that "p"("p"−1) divides "d".

</doc>
<doc id="5911869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911869" title="Ramachandra Guha">
Ramachandra Guha

Ramachandra Guha (born 29 April 1958 in Dehra Dun) is an Indian historian and writer whose research interests include environmental, social, political and cricket history. He is also a columnist for "The Telegraph" and "Hindustan Times". A regular contributor to various academic journals, Guha has also written for "The Caravan" and "Outlook" magazines. For the year 2011–2012, he held a visiting position at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the Philippe Roman Chair in History and International Affairs. His newest book is "Gandhi Before India" (2013), the first part of a planned two-volume biography of M. K. Gandhi. His large body of work, covering a wide range of fields and yielding a number of rational insights has made him a significant figure in Indian historical studies, and Guha is valued as one of the major historians of the late twentieth and early twenty first centuries.
Early life and education.
Guha was born on 29 April 1958 at Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand, where his father Ram Das Guha was a director at the Forest Research Institute. He is a Tamilian who was brought up in Uttarakhand. Ramachandra Guha studied at The Doon School where he was an editor of "The Doon School Weekly". He graduated from St. Stephen's College, Delhi with a BA in economics in 1977 and completed a Master's from the Delhi School of Economics. He then enrolled at the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, where he did a fellowship programme (equivalent to a PhD) on the social history of forestry in Uttarakhand, focusing on the Chipko movement. It was later published as "The Unquiet Woods".
Career.
Between 1985 and 2000, he taught at various universities in India, Europe and North America, including the University of California, Berkeley, Yale University, Stanford University and at Oslo University (Arne Naess chair, 2008), and later at the Indian Institute of Science. During this period, he was also a fellow of Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin in Germany (1994–95).
Guha then moved to Bangalore, and began writing full time. He served as Sundaraja Visiting Professor in the Humanities at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, in 2003. He is managing trustee of the New India Foundation, a nonprofit body that funds research on modern Indian history.
He is the author of "India after Gandhi", published by Macmillan and Ecco in 2007. This book has been translated into Hindi in two volume namely Bharat:Gandhi Ke Baad" and "Bharat: Nehru Ke Baad" and published by Penguin.
In 2000, Guha penned an essay critiquing an article written by writer and activist Arundhati Roy opposing the Narmada Dam. Roy espoused the cause of the Narmada Bachao Andolan, a cause Guha is also a supporter of. However, he questioned her expertise in the relevant field and argued that her activities and writings undermined rather than helped the cause. Roy responded in an interview, saying that Guha was a cricket historian who had missed the boat.
Guha was appointed the Philippe Roman Chair of International Affairs and History at the London School of Economics for 2011–12, succeeding Niall Ferguson.
In October 2013 he published "Gandhi Before India", the first part of a planned two-volume biography of Mahatma Gandhi which describes life from his childhood to the two decades in South Africa. 
Personal life.
Guha is married to the graphic designer Sujata Keshavan and has two children, Keshava and Iravati.
References.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/hindi/mobile/india/2012/09/120828_author_hindi_translation_skj.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="5911885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911885" title="Pictish Beast">
Pictish Beast

The Pictish Beast (sometimes Pictish Dragon or Pictish Elephant) is an artistic representation of an animal depicted on Pictish symbol stones. It is not easily identifiable with any real animal, but resembles a seahorse, especially when depicted upright. Suggestions have included a dolphin, a kelpie (or "each uisge") and even the Loch Ness Monster.
Recent thinking is that it may be related to the design of dragonesque brooches, S-shaped pieces of jewelry from the mid-1st to 2nd century CE that depict double-headed animals with swirled snouts and distinctive ears. These have been found in southern Scotland and northern England. The strongest evidence for this is the presence on the Mortlach 2 stone of a symbol very similar to such a brooch, next to and in the same alignment as a Pictish Beast.
The Pictish Beast accounts for about forty per cent of all Pictish animal depictions, and so was likely of great importance.
It is thought that it was either an important figure in Pictish mythology, and/or a political symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="5911893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911893" title="Genay, Rhône">
Genay, Rhône

Genay is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Geography.
Genay is located about 20 kilometres north of Lyons.

</doc>
<doc id="5911895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911895" title="Cyatholipidae">
Cyatholipidae

The Cyatholipidae are a spider family with 58 described species in 23 genera.
They were discovered in the late 19th century in Africa. Cyatholipidae live mostly in moist, montane forests. Certain species, such as "Scharffia rossi", however, live in dry regions, such as savannah.
Most members of this family hang beneath sheet webs.
Distribution.
Most species occur in Africa (with Madagascar), several in New Zealand and Australia, and one species ("Pokennips dentipes") in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="5911899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911899" title="Shereen Martineau">
Shereen Martineau

Shereen Martineau is an Irish actress.
Career.
Martineau trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).
Theatre.
Her work in theatre includes: "The Hour We Knew Nothing Of Each Other" at the National Theatre, London; "Measure for Measure", "Titus Andronicus" and "Richard III" for the RSC, "Romeo and Juliet" at the Liverpool Everyman Theatre, "Tejas Verdes" at The Gate, London, "Fallujah" at Old Truman Brewery, London, "Food for Imaginary Body" at the Traverse, Edinburgh, "The Bacchae" at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin and "Twelfth Night" at the Albery Theatre (now the Noël Coward Theatre), London.
Television.
On television she has appeared in "The Bill" as Farida Siddiqui, "Holby City" as Jyoti Puri, "The Last Detective" as a saleswoman and a nurse Malma Chaudury in "EastEnders", "TLC" and in "Doctors".
Her most recent roles were as Laure in Peter Kosminsky's drama for Channel 4, "Britz" and in ITV's "Lewis (TV series)".

</doc>
<doc id="5911908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911908" title="Abd Manaf (name)">
Abd Manaf (name)

Abd Manaf is a theophoric Arabic name that means "servant of Manaf", Manaf being one of the pre-Islamic polytheistic gods. In modern usage the form Abdul Manaf is also found.
Abd Manaf may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911911" title="Bearcats!">
Bearcats!

Bearcats! is an American Western television series broadcast on the CBS television network during the Fall 1971 television season. It starred Rod Taylor and Dennis Cole as troubleshooters in the period before America entered World War I.
"Bearcats!" was produced by Filmways Inc. (which previously produced many series including "The Addams Family", "Mister Ed", "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Green Acres", and "Petticoat Junction"). It was co-produced by Rodlor, Rod Taylor's production firm. 
Synopsis.
Set in 1914, somewhat later historically than a traditional Western, the stories center around the heroes' use of a 1914 Stutz Bearcat automobile. Although autos were common in America in 1914, a $2,000 sports car would have been very rare in the more remote areas of the American west. How the heroes paid for this expensive ride was rather unusual, as well. They undertook work which could be considered "private security" for a prosperous clientele, and rather than charging a traditional fee, they extracted from the client a blank check, with the amount charged to be determined by just how difficult or dangerous the job proved to be once it was completed. "If you can put a price on it, you don't need them badly enough." Typical adventures included learning who was setting fire to oil wells, unraveling a plot where German Army soldiers dressed as American troops raided Mexican border towns hoping to force Mexico into a war with the U.S., and stopping mercenaries from sabotaging medical supplies being sent overseas to the Allies in World War I. 
Its time period also allowed the use of props not usually seen in typical westerns, including airplanes, a W.W.I tank, machine guns, and a number of period automobiles.
Production notes.
The series was created by veteran TV writer/producer Douglas Heyes who also served as executive producer. He wrote and directed the TV movie "Powderkeg" that served as the pilot film for the series. Episodes were shot on location in near Tucson, Arizona, and also in and around Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
The series featured a number of well-known guest stars including Leslie Nielsen, Kevin McCarthy, Jane Merrow, Keenan Wynn, Henry Darrow, David Canary, Ed Flanders and Eric Braeden.
For filming, the series used two full-scale metal replicas of first generation (1912–16) Stutz Bearcats made by Hollywood car customizer and film car builder George Barris. While externally very close to the original cars, in fact they were built on custom chassis powered by Ford drivetrains and had modern four wheel brake systems for safety. The two replicas were very similar to one another, however the first built (and the one used for most filming) had a manual 4-speed transmission while the second had an automatic. Additionally, there was a slight variation in the location of the horn bulb and the pinstripes on the sides of the hood of the second car, so the cars can be differentiated while closely viewing the episodes. In addition to the two cars used in the series, Barris built and retained a third car for use at car shows which differed in many details and color from the TV cars. All three cars survive today, though Barris' display car has been extensively modified.
The episode "Groundloop at Spanish Wells" features a 1918 Standard J-1 airplane (though it's called a Curtiss Jenny in the script) that had recently been restored in Tucson (where the episode was filmed) by Charles Klessig of Fargo, North Dakota. A later episode featuring the same pilot character, "The Return of Esteban", featured a 1929 British de Havilland DH.60 Moth biplane. According to Klessig, the episode was filmed in New Mexico where the higher altitudes precluded the use of the older aircraft.
The W.W. I tank shown in the episode "The Devil Wears Armor" is an M1917 (aka Six Ton) tank, an American-built version of the Renault FT. Its gun is not authentic. The M1917 was first ordered in 1917, and the first example was produced in late 1918, four years later than the series' 1914 setting. 
The MPC (Model Products Corporation) model company released a 1/25th scale model kit of a Stutz Bearcat as a tie-in with the series. Its box art featured Taylor and Cole in costume with the genuine 1914 Bearcat used in "Powderkeg". A photo on the side of the box showed the first Barris replica in a scene from the episode "The Devil Wears Armor".
Reception and cancellation.
"Bearcats!", despite a large promotional campaign prior to its premiere and having a loyal fan base, lost in the Nielsen ratings to both "The Flip Wilson Show" on NBC and a more traditional Western, "Alias Smith and Jones", on ABC, and was cancelled midseason. (This marked the last time, as of 2013, that two Westerns broadcast by major U.S. networks have competed in the same time slot for viewers, marking a milestone in the decline of the Western series era in U.S. network television programming.)
DVD release.
On May 14, 2013, Timeless Media Group released "Bearcats! – The Complete Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.
International broadcasts.
The series was shown extensively overseas, including Germany, Ireland, the United Kingdom, and Australia. Its pilot film, "Powderkeg", was released as a theatrical feature overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="5911926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911926" title="Wheels of Confusion">
Wheels of Confusion

Wheels of Confusion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5911937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911937" title="Sarasaviya Best Male Playback Singer Award">
Sarasaviya Best Male Playback Singer Award

The Sarasaviya Best Male Playback Singer Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival.
Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. 
Following is a list of the award winners since its introduction:

</doc>
<doc id="5911942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911942" title="1981 Copa Libertadores">
1981 Copa Libertadores

The 1981 Copa Libertadores was won by Flamengo of Brazil, who beat Cobreloa of Chile in the finals.
Group stage.
Nacional received a bye to the second round as 1980 title holders.
Finals.
Man of the Match:
Assistant referees:

</doc>
<doc id="5911943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911943" title="Frankly a Cappella">
Frankly a Cappella

Frankly A Cappella: The Persuasions Sing Zappa is a 2000 album by the singing group The Persuasions. Frank Zappa heard them over the phone while they were singing in a record shop on the East Coast and flew them out to L.A. to record their first LP, in 1969, for Zappa's label. This recording serves both as a thanks and a tribute to the late composer. The album is the first of several in which The Persuasions pay tribute to the songs of a specific group or artist (the other two to date 2009 feature The Grateful Dead and The Beatles. All arrangements by Jerry Lawson.
Track listing.
Songs composed by Frank Zappa.

</doc>
<doc id="5911959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911959" title="Volodymyr Kravchenko">
Volodymyr Kravchenko

Volodymyr Kravchenko (; born 22 December 1969) is a Ukrainian triple jumper, best known for placing tenth at the 1996 Summer Olympics. His personal best was 16.80 metres, achieved in June 2000 in Kiev.

</doc>
<doc id="5911971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911971" title="Luis F. Álvarez">
Luis F. Álvarez

Luis Fernández Álvarez (1 April 1853 – 24 May 1937) was a Spanish American physician and researcher who practiced in California and Hawaii.
Fernández was actually his principal surname (his father's surname), per Spanish naming customs. However, he is best known by his mother's surname, as in the English-speaking world the last name is the principal surname, although, again, this is contrary to Spanish naming customs. His American-born children and descendants took his last surname for that reason, as well, albeit without the diacritic. 
Álvarez was born in a small village called Mallecina, Salas, Asturias. His father was Eugenio Fernández, who was in charge of the business and palace affairs in Madrid of Don Francisco de Paula Marín, a royal prince. He was orphaned at an early age: his mother died when he was three, and he lost his father at the age of seven. When he was 13, one of his brothers took him to Havana where he secured a good education. He learned to speak English fluently. 
In 1878, he married Clementina Schutze and in 1887 graduated from Cooper Medical College (now Stanford University) with a medical degree. After practicing in San Francisco, he traveled to Hawaii as physician on the . In Honolulu, he was asked by the government to stay and become a government physician. Álvarez quickly learned to speak the Hawaiian language. 
In 1895, Álvarez resigned his position in Waialua to prepare himself for work as Superintendent of a new experimental hospital for the treatment of leprosy which was to be established in Kalihi, a suburb of Honolulu. In order to learn research bacteriology, Álvarez went — at his own expense — for six months of intensive study at Johns Hopkins University. 
On his return, he developed a method for the better diagnosis of macular leprosy. With a small mouse-tooth forceps he would lift up a little piece of skin, snip it off with scissors, grind it into a fluid in a small glass mortar, and then stain the fluid for Hansen's bacilli. This method or a modification of it has been used ever since. Álvarez developed a serum by injecting Hansen's bacilli into horses. He used this on a number of Hansen's disease patients with encouraging results. 
Family.
Two of Álvarez's children would rise to national prominence:
A grandson and great-grandson were well known: 

</doc>
<doc id="5911973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911973" title="Tom Runnells">
Tom Runnells

Thomas William Runnells (born April 17, 1955, in Greeley, Colorado) is the Bench Coach for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball, and a former infielder, coach and manager in American Major League Baseball.
Biography.
Runnells attended the University of Northern Colorado and originally signed with the San Francisco Giants. He played parts of two seasons (1985-86) with the Cincinnati Reds, appearing in 40 games and batting .174 in 46 at bats without a home run or run batted in. He was a switch hitter who threw right-handed. Runnells began his managerial career with Cincinnati's AA Eastern League affiliate, the Vermont Reds, in . In 1989, his Indianapolis Indians won the American Association championship and the "AAA Classic," earning him a promotion to a coaching position with the parent Montreal Expos.
On June 2, 1991, he was promoted again to manager of the Expos, who were lodged in last place in the National League East Division after 49 games. His time as Expos manager was short but tumultuous. Succeeding the very popular Buck Rodgers, he had trouble establishing his credibility with the media and the team. He was General Manager Dave Dombrowski's hand-picked man but failed to replicate his minor league success as the Expos finished the 1991 season in last place for the first time since 1976. In what became his defining moment, he made an entrance at spring training in 1992 dressed in marine fatigues, apparently trying to channel the spirit of General Norman Schwarzkopf. Everyone who witnessed the performance found it eerily distressing. He then proceeded to try to shake up the team through various strange moves, such as shifting three-time Gold Glove winner Tim Wallach from third base to first base in order to slot in Bret Barberie, who had hardly ever played the position in organized baseball. The players quickly were in open revolt against their leader. Runnells' position with the front office had become shaky anyway, as Dombrowski had bolted the organization and had been replaced by Dan Duquette, who sacked Runnells on May 22, 1992 in favor of Felipe Alou, who would forge the longest and winningest managerial career in Montreal's history.
With a career major league managing record of 68-81 (.456), Runnells then returned to minor league baseball, managing in the farm systems of the Detroit Tigers and the Colorado Rockies. On May 29, 2009. Runnells was promoted to Bench Coach of the Colorado Rockies when manager Clint Hurdle was fired and bench coach Jim Tracy replaced him.

</doc>
<doc id="5911975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911975" title="Jabberwock (play)">
Jabberwock (play)

Jabberwock is a 1972 play by American playwrights Jerome Lawrence and Robert Edwin Lee, a semi-biographical account of the childhood of author/cartoonist/playwright James Thurber. It focuses on his early life and his eccentric family as they live through World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="5911978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911978" title="Hugh McDermott (basketball)">
Hugh McDermott (basketball)

Hugh Virgil McDermott (November 19, 1893 – July 29, 1978) was the head basketball coach at the University of Oklahoma from 1922 to 1938. During his tenure, he compiled a record of 185-106. He also won the Missouri Valley Conference title and Big Eight Conference title. Prior to his coaching days, McDermott was also a star player for the Oklahoma team while in college. He was the 1918 team captain. After resigning, McDermott took a job as head of the University's Physical Education Department.

</doc>
<doc id="5911988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911988" title="Randolph Township Schools">
Randolph Township Schools

The Randolph Township Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves children in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Randolph, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district's six schools had an enrollment of 5,378 students and 403.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.34:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Awards and recognition.
The district was selected as one of the top "100 Best Communities for Music Education in America 2006" by the American Music Conference.
NAMM named the district in its 2008 survey of the "Best Communities for Music Education", which included 110 school districts nationwide.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5911989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5911989" title="Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend">
Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend

Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend (also known simply as Cedar Creek) is a public golf course on the shores of Broken Bow Lake, about nine miles north of the city of Broken Bow, Oklahoma. The course has eighteen holes with a par of 72, and offersbent grass greens, Bermuda grass tees and fairways, putting green, driving range, and a pro shop with cart and club rentals, snacks and drinks.
Praise.
Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend was rated four stars by Golf Digest Magazine as "Places to Play 2002." 

</doc>
<doc id="5912006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912006" title="Francis Agyepong">
Francis Agyepong

Francis Keita Agyepong (born 16 June 1965 in London) is a retired English triple jumper. He won the silver medal in at the 1996 European Indoor Championships in Athletics, and finished 7th at the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships. His personal best was 17.18 metres, achieved in July 1995 in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5912027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912027" title="Lancashire County Council election, 2001">
Lancashire County Council election, 2001

Lancashire local elections were held for Lancashire County Council in May 2001 on the same day as the United Kingdom general election, 2001. The Labour party held overal control of the council.
They have been followed by the Lancashire Council election, 2005 held on the same day as the United Kingdom General Election, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="5912039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912039" title="Kata te jime">
Kata te jime


</doc>
<doc id="5912053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912053" title="Clay Hill">
Clay Hill

Clay Hill or Clayhill may refer to:
Places
Canada.
People

</doc>
<doc id="5912062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912062" title="Two Rainy Nights">
Two Rainy Nights

Two Rainy Nights is a 2002 live album by Joe Jackson. Initially available on his own Great Big Island label only from Jackson's website, it was subsequently released on CD. The album is a combination of newer songs and older material.
Track listing.
All songs composed by Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="5912075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912075" title="Vasiliy Sokov">
Vasiliy Sokov

Vasiliy Dmitryevich Sokov (; born 7 April 1968 in Dushanbe, Tajik SSR) is a retired triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Russia.
He is best known for his two bronze medals at the European Indoor Championships. His personal best was 17.59 metres, achieved in June 1993 in Moscow. This is the Uzbek record. Sokov received a three months drugs ban for the use of ephedrine in 1995.
His wife, Mariya Sokova, is also an athlete.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5912084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912084" title="Of Vengeance and Violence">
Of Vengeance and Violence

Of Vengeance and Violence is the third full-length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic. It was released on September 19, 2006 via Repossession Records. 
This album has more blast beats added.

</doc>
<doc id="5912092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912092" title="Ogyū Sorai">
Ogyū Sorai

Life.
Sorai was born the second son of a samurai who served as the personal physician of Tokugawa Tsunayoshi (徳川綱吉), who would become the fifth shogun. Sorai studied the Zhu Xi version of Song Confucianism, and by 1690 he became a private teacher of Chinese classics. He went into the service of Yanagisawa Yoshiyasu, a senior councillor to Tsunayoshi, in 1696. He left in 1709 after the death of Tsunayoshi and would turn away from the teachings of Zhu Xi to develop his own philosophy and school. He is credited with the creation of kō shōgi, an unusual form of chess.
Teachings.
Sorai would write several influential works. In them he identified two fundamental weaknesses in the philosophy of Song Confucianism. The first was in the bakufu-domain system, which by the eighteenth century was in trouble. As a result he doubted whether the reliance on finding an individual's ethical good was sufficient. As such he argued that the political crisis of the time required more than perfecting moral character. Moreover, he saw the ancient Chinese sage-kings as concerned not only with morality but also with government itself. His second disagreement with Song Confucianism was that he felt putting too much emphasis on morality repressed human nature, which was based on human emotion.
However, these weaknesses he felt stemmed not from a deficiency in Confucianism itself, but rather from a misreading of classic works of the Four Books and the Five Classics by Song Confucianists, which he insisted "did not know the old words." Sorai went back to the ancient works for more reliable knowledge, stating "The ultimate form of scholarly knowledge is history." To him, these historical works were the ultimate source, even for an ever-changing present. Sorai thought that study of philosophy began with the study of language. In this he was highly influenced by the Ancient Rhetoric school of the Ming period, which was a neoclassical movement that saw the Qin and Han periods as the model for prose, and the Tang period for poetry. The Sorai school introduced "Selections of Tang Poetry", a work thought to have been edited by Li Panlong (李攀竜 1514-70), a founder of the Ancient Rhetoric school, to Japan, where it became very popular. As a result, his school is today sometimes also known as the Ancient Rhetoric ("kobunji" 古文辞) school. However it differed in that he saw it mostly as a means of accessing the Five Classics. He would also accuse other Confucianists in Japan, such as Hayashi Razan, of relying too heavily on Song sources such as Zhu Xi.
Sorai further differed from the Song Confucian viewpoints in other aspects. One was that the "Way" was not a predetermined principle of the universe, but rather an establishment of men, of the ancient sages who described it in the Confucianist classic works. These works provided for the Way, which was divided by rites ("rei" 礼) and music ("gaku" 楽). The former gave social order, while the latter was inspiration for the heart. In this it directly allowed for the flow of human emotions, something denied by the moralist philosophy of Song Confucianism. Sorai argued for the opposite, allowing one to be enriched through music and poetry. As a result of his teachings in putting emphasis on literature as a fundamental form of human expression, Chinese writing would begin to thrive in Japan, becoming an accepted artistic pursuit. His school would thus produce several such great writers of Chinese composition at that time.
Sorai was furthermore a supporter of the samurai class. Institutions that were once under great leadership will later decline and more able men will be less likely to come to power. The samurai, he felt, were best able to overcome this through a system of rewards and punishment. He also saw problems with the merchant class at the time, which he accused of conspiring to fix prices. He was not, however, a great supporter of the lower classes. He argued, "What possible value can there be for the common people to overreach their proper station in life and study such books the Confucian classics?"
Some later scholars criticised his work and found his teaching to be impractical. Goi Ranshū believed that Sorai was motivated to surpass Itō Jinsai, another Confucianist who had influenced him a great deal, and that Sorai took his arguments to the level of abursdity for this reason. Had any of his teachings actually been implemented, Goi felt it would have caused extensive damage to moral philosophy. Another later scholar critical of Ogyū's teachings was Nakai Chikuzan, who was also familiar with Goi's opposition to Ogyū Sorai. Goi wrote his opposition to Sorai in his essay "Hi-Butsu hen", which was written in the 1730s, but not published until 1766 having been edited by Chikuzan and his brother. Nakai later wrote his own, highly emotional, rebuttal to Ogyū's beliefs in his work "Hi-Chō" (1785), wherein he rejected the idea that individuals could not better themselves through moral choices. Moreover he claimed individuals were able judge whether external ideas and actions as true or just. Denial of these morals, he felt, would leave only "rites and rules" to be followed.
"Master Sorai's Teachings".
"Master Sorai's Teachings" is a record of his teaching and exchanges with his students. The text was edited by his own students and contained their questions followed by his answers to them. The work was not released until 1724, but is thought to have actually taken place around 1720. In it he reinforces that literature is not so much intended for the purposes of instruction in morality or governance, but rather it simply allows for the flow of human emotions. From this, answers on the former topics may be found, he argued. While Ogyu sought to redefine the sources of Tokugawa legitimacy, his purpose was clearly to strengthen the authority of the Tokugawa shogunate.

</doc>
<doc id="5912101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912101" title="Manaf (deity)">
Manaf (deity)

Manaf ( "") was a pre-Islamic Arabian deity in Mecca when the residents were still polytheists. The statue of Manaf was caressed by women, but when they had their periods they were not allowed to near it.

</doc>
<doc id="5912102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912102" title="Aughris">
Aughris

Aughris () is a coastal townland in County Sligo, in the west of Ireland. It is also the name given to a prominent headland that includes the townlands of Aughris, Garryduff, Kilrusheighter and Rathglass. The area has been settled since at least medieval times and there are numerous archaeological remains in the vicinity. 
Aughris now has a small harbour used by inshore fishermen and a popular public house known as Maggie May's Beach Bar (run by the McDermott family). The geology of the area is limestone, with numerous fossilized coral fauna visible in exposed coastal areas. 
A tiny clachán-type village located close to the coast is now largely abandoned. Most existing houses cluster near the harbour and public house. 

</doc>
<doc id="5912106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912106" title="Zarzuela (disambiguation)">
Zarzuela (disambiguation)

Zarzuela means:

</doc>
<doc id="5912113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912113" title="Sarasaviya Best Female Playback Singer">
Sarasaviya Best Female Playback Singer

The Sarasaviya Best Female Playback Singer Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival.
Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. Out of the award-winning singers, Nanda Malini has won the most, 11 Sarasaviya Awards. Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5912122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912122" title="Ryo te jime">
Ryo te jime

Technique description.
Graphic
from
http://www.judoinfo.com/techdrw.htm
Exemplar videos:
Included systems.
Systems:
Lists
Similar techniques, variants, and aliases.
Aliases:

</doc>
<doc id="5912137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912137" title="Tsukkomi jime">
Tsukkomi jime

Technique description.
Graphic
from
http://www.judoinfo.com/techdrw.htm
Exemplar videos:
Included systems.
Systems:
Lists
Similar techniques, variants, and aliases.
Aliases:

</doc>
<doc id="5912142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912142" title="Mabel Alvarez">
Mabel Alvarez

Mabel Alvarez (November 28, 1891 – March 13, 1985) was an American painter. Her works, often introspective and spiritual in nature, and her style is considered a contributing factor to the Southern California Modernism and California Impressionism movement.
Life.
She was born to a prominent Spanish family who lived on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. Her father, Luis F. Alvarez, a physician, was involved with the leprosy research begun by the legendary Father Damien. Her brother, Walter C. Alvarez, would later distinguish himself as a physician and author. Her nephew Luis Alvarez (son of Walter), was a Nobel Prize winner in physics. The family moved to Los Angeles, California when Alvarez was a youth.
Alvarez demonstrated artistic talent at a young age and 1915 enrolled in a Los Angeles art school, where she enjoyed immediate success. She painted a large mural for the Panama-California Exposition San Diego, for which she won a Gold Medal. Alvarez attended William Cahill’s School for Illustration and Painting in Los Angeles and drew a charcoal portrait of a woman in profile used by the School for its catalog cover.
Her first portrait painting was displayed at the Los Angeles Museum (now the Los Angeles County Museum of Art) in 1917, a museum with which she continued a close relationship until her death. As a young woman, she was influenced by the philosophical writings of Will Levington Comfort, who espoused principles of Theosophy and Eastern mysticism.
In the 1920s and 30s, her works were heavily influenced by the Synchromist Movement’s Stanton MacDonald-Wright and Morgan Russell, who would remain her teacher for over 20 years. These early paintings based on her interest in Symbolism, Art Nouveau and Impressionism. In 1922 she became a member of the Group of Eight, along with Clarence Hinkle, Henri De Kruif, John Hubbard Rich, Donna Schuster, E. Roscoe Shrader, Edouard Vysekal, and Luvena Buchanan Vysekal.
The primary color that Alvarez used to express herself was green which to her represented joy, love, hope, youth and mirth. These colors were played out on a stage of canvasses in the forms of universal ideals and archetypes: the child, the innocent maiden, the temptress, the faithful wife, the spiritual seeker, the earthbound spirit in limbo, and the liberated spirit that has transcended Earth's constraints.
Alvarez painted into her sixties and seventies. Her works included Impressionism, as well as to figure, still-life, and portrait painting. Her late pieces are focused on religious and symbolic themes.
The later years of her life were spent in a retirement apartment and then in a nursing home. She died on March 13, 1985, at the age of ninety-three in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5912151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912151" title="WCCV-TV">
WCCV-TV

WCCV-TV is a Spanish-language religious television station in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, broadcasting locally on channel 54. Founded May 19, 1989, the station is owned by the Asociacion Evangelistica Cristo Viene, Inc. 
Broadcasting.
Satellite and translator stations.
WCCV-TV can be seen across Puerto Rico on the following stations:

</doc>
<doc id="5912154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912154" title="WCCV">
WCCV

WCCV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912158" title="Sarasaviya Best Lyricist Award">
Sarasaviya Best Lyricist Award

The Sarasaviya Best Lyricist Award is presented annually by the weekly Sarasaviya newspaper in collaboration with the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited at the Sarasaviya Awards Festival.
Although the Sarasaviya Awards Ceremony began in 1964, this award was introduced much later. Following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.

</doc>
<doc id="5912161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912161" title="Royal Cork Institution">
Royal Cork Institution

Royal Cork Institution was an Irish cultural institution in the city of Cork from 1803-1885. It consisted of a library of scientific works, a museum with old Irish manuscripts and stones with ogham inscriptions, and lecture and reading rooms. A lack of funds resulted in its closure in 1885.
Origins.
The Royal Cork Institution (RCI) was founded by Rev. Thomas Dix Hincks, a minister of the Old Presbyterian Church on Princes Street in Cork and was modelled on institutions such as the Royal Dublin Society and the Royal Society of London. It was incorporated in 1807 and renamed the Royal Cork Institution (RCI). It operated from premises on the South Mall opposite the current Imperial hotel and was a British government supported educational centre for 70 years. Its early patrons included businesses and landed people including William Beamish (1760-1828), William Crawford, Cooper Penrose (1736-1815) and James Roche (1770-1853). It offered courses, public lectures on science and scientific principles in agriculture and industry. The RCI had a collection of scientific instruments and library of over 5,000 volumes with a private and a public patents collection - a copy of this is in the Boole Library of University College Cork.
Activities.
The RCI established the Cork Botanic Gardens in 1806. A shortage of funds in 1828 forced the withdrawal of the RCI, and the property was later to become a cemetery. The RCI was influential in the Government decision to establish the Queen's College in Cork. It published the first volume of the "Munster Farmer's Magazine" in 1812. It also established the Crawford College of Art and Design, now part of the Cork Institute of Technology (CIT). It was connected with medical schools and gave lectures on anatomy. Lack of funds necessitated the RCI becoming a private society in 1850 and its closure in 1885. Among those associated with the RCI were Richard Caulfield (at one time its secretary and librarian), Robert Day and Abraham Abell. The RCI had an influential role in the intellectual life of Cork until the Cork Cuvierian Society. This in turn was supplanted with the establishment of Queen's College, Cork, in 1849.
Canova casts.
The RCI acquired these from the Society of Fine Arts in Cork, who were given them by the Prince Regent later George IV. He had received them from Pope Pius VII who had commissioned Antonio Canova to make a set of plasters from statues in the Vatican. The statues are currently in the Crawford Municipal Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="5912167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912167" title="Body, Mind, Soul">
Body, Mind, Soul

Body, Mind, Soul (Atlantic 82451-2) is the fourth album by American singer songwriter Debbie Gibson.
Released January 19th, 1993, the album failed to find favor with the record buying public and missed out on the US top 100, peaking at #109, and also in the UK when it was released a few months later. Singles released from the album were "Losin' Myself", "Shock Your Mama", "How Can This Be?" and "Free Me". However, the album was a hit in Japan, peaking at #13 on the charts.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="5912169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912169" title="Darrell Hackney">
Darrell Hackney

Darrell Hackney (born August 7, 1983) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2006. He played college football at UAB.
Hackney has also been a member of the Denver Broncos, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Florida Tuskers.
Early years.
Hackney attended Douglass High School in Atlanta, Georgia and was a student and a letterman in football and baseball. In football, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution twice named him as an All-State Honorable Mention selection, and as a senior, he was also named the Atlanta Quarterback of the Year and his team's Most Valuable Player. Hackney graduated from Douglass High School in 2001.
College career.
Attending college at the UAB, he was redshirted in 2001 as a true freshman. Hackney currently holds several of the career UAB passing records, including passing yards (9,886 yards), touchdowns (71 touchdowns), completions (694 completions) and most total offense per game (243.4 yards per game). He also holds several single-season records for the Blazers.
Professional career.
Cleveland Browns.
Hackney was not drafted and was subsequently signed as a free agent with the Cleveland Browns. The Browns cut him on September 2, 2006.
Denver Broncos.
On January 2, 2007 he signed with the Denver Broncos. Hackney spent the training camp with the Broncos where he competed with Preston Parsons, and Patrick Ramsey for the backup quarterback position.
On August 31, 2008, Hackney was signed to the Broncos practice squad. He was promoted to the active roster on November 1 after quarterback Patrick Ramsey was placed on injured reserve.
Three days after the Broncos traded for quarterback Kyle Orton, Hackney was waived on April 6, 2009.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Hackney was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on May 28, 2009. He was released on June 8, 2009.
Florida Tuskers.
Hackney was signed by the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League, but was released prior to the 2009 season on September 26.

</doc>
<doc id="5912175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912175" title="Zou Sixin">
Zou Sixin

Zou Sixin (born 5 August 1967) is a retired Chinese triple jumper, best known for finishing eighth at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was 17.31 metres, achieved in October 1990 in Beijing. This result places him second on the all-time Chinese performers list, only behind Zou Zhenxian. [http://www.iaaf.org/statistics/toplists/inout=O/ageGroup=N/season=0/gender=M/discipline=TJ/legal=A/index.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5912176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912176" title="Nerodia clarkii">
Nerodia clarkii

Nerodia clarkii, commonly known as the salt marsh snake, is a species of semiaquatic, nonvenomous, colubrid snake found in the southeastern United States, in the brackish salt marshes along the Gulf of Mexico from Florida to Texas, with a population in northern Cuba.
Description.
Salt marsh snakes grow to a total length of to , and are highly variable in pattern and coloration. Populations of the Gulf salt marsh snake ("N. c. clarkii") from the vicinity of Corpus Christi, Texas, to the Gulf Hammock region of Florida are gray, tan or yellow with four brown to black longitudinal stripes.
Populations in Florida from Tampa Bay south to Miami and northward along the Atlantic coast to the vicinity of Cape Canaveral are referred to as the mangrove salt marsh snake ("N. c. compressicauda"). This subspecies exhibits many colors and patterns and can be gray, green, or tan with darker banding or may even be solid reddish orange or straw yellow.
A third subspecies, the Atlantic salt marsh snake ("N. c. taeniata"), is restricted to a small stretch of coastline in Volusia and Indian River Counties, Florida. This race is smaller than the other two and has a color pattern of four dark stripes on the neck which are replaced by a series of dark blotches or bands on the posterior portion of the snake's body. It is currently listed as a Threatened Species by the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
Taxonomy.
Some sources consider the three races of "N. clarkii" to be subspecies of the southern water snake, "Nerodia fasciata". Others consider not only the three races of "N. clarkii", but also the species "N. fasciata" itself, all to be subspecies of "N. sipedon". 
Subspecies.
There are three recognized subspecies of "N. clarkii", including the nominotypical subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="5912178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912178" title="Mansoura, Tunisia">
Mansoura, Tunisia

Mansoura is a town in Tunisia situated 8 kilometres from Souassi and el Djem.

</doc>
<doc id="5912193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912193" title="Deborah (album)">
Deborah (album)

Deborah (Espiritu LP 9602) is the sixth original album by American singer Debbie Gibson. Released December 1996 on Espiritu Records, this was the first release where the singer was credited with her full name. 
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Deborah Gibson except "Moonchild" and "Cry Tonight" composed by Gibson and Joy Swinea, and "People" and "Don't Rain On My Parade" by Bob Merrill & Jule Styne.
Alternate Releases.
The above tracks were released as a limited edition release to NRG up fan club members, while the tracks below were part of the standard release.
In Japan, the album was released as "Moonchild"(Nippon Columbia/Sony COCY 80747) and was released November 1997 by Nippon Columbia division of Sony Music Entertainment Japan, includes all tracks from both U.S. revisions, as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5912196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912196" title="WUJA">
WUJA

WUJA is a Spanish-language religious television station in Caguas, Puerto Rico, broadcasting locally on channel 58. Founded July 25, 1983, the station is owned by Caguas Educational TV, Inc. The station is branded as NCN Television. 
WUJA-TV also operates a semi-satellite station, WQHA in Aguada, Puerto Rico. That station is owned by Western New Life, Inc. and it is Branded as ÓptimaVisión.
Digital Television.
WUJA Caguas:
WQHA Aguada:

</doc>
<doc id="5912198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912198" title="FOB (play)">
FOB (play)

FOB is a 1980 Obie Award-winning play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. Hwang's first play, it depicts the contrasts and conflicts between established Asian Americans and "fresh off the boat" (FOB) newcomer immigrants. The play premiered at the Stanford Asian American Theatre Project in 1979 under the direction of the author and was further developed at the National Playwrights Conference at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center. It received its professional debut on June 8, 1980 Off-Broadway at the Joseph Papp Public Theater. It was directed by Mako, with John Lone and Tzi Ma in the cast.
It is published as part of "Trying to Find Chinatown: The Selected Plays" by Theatre Communications Group and also in an acting edition published by Dramatists Play Service.

</doc>
<doc id="5912199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912199" title="1954 Tour de France">
1954 Tour de France

The 1954 Tour de France was the 41st Tour de France, taking place from July 8 to August 1, 1954. It consisted of 23 stages over 4656 km, ridden at an average speed of 33.229 km/h.
The race was won by Louison Bobet, the second of his three consecutive wins.
Changes from the 1953 Tour de France.
The 1954 Tour de France was the first time that the Tour de France started outside France, as it started in Amsterdam.
Also new was the team time trial. Although around 1930 the Tour had seen stages in which the teams started separately, in 1954 the team time trial format was reintroduced in a way that only the team time counted.
Also the split stages were reintroduced. Stage 4 was divided into two parts: the team time trial of 10.4 km (part A), and a regular stage of 131 km (part B), both run on the same day. Similarly, stage 21 was divided into a regular stage of 134 km (part A) and an individual time trial of 72 km (part B), also both run on the same day.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1954 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. Seven national teams were sent, with 10 cyclists each from France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Switzerland and Luxembourg/Austria (the latter a combined team). France additionally sent five regional teams from 10 cyclists each, divided into Center-North East France, West France, South East France, Ile de France and South West France.
The combined team Luxembourg/Austria consisted of six Luxembourgian cyclists, three Austrian cyclists and one from Liechtenstein. In total, 110 cyclists started the race.
Notable absents were the Italian cyclists. In Italy, new sponsors had entered the market, named "extra-sportives" because they did not sell a product directly related to the sport. During the 1954 Giro d'Italia, this caused a strike, the Bernina strike. After this, the Italian federation decided not to send a team to the 1954 Tour de France.
Race details.
In the first stage, Wout Wagtmans won the sprint, and took the yellow jersey. He would remain the leader until the team time trial in stage 4, when the French team won back enough time on the Dutch team for Bobet to take over the lead. In that time trial, over 10.4 km, the winning team was decided by adding the times of the three best cyclists per team. For the general classification, every cyclist got added his individual time. In the second part of the fourth stage, former winner Jean Robic hit a photographer during the sprint, fell down and had to give up.
In the eighth stage, Wagtmans had joined a breakaway, which won enough time on Bobet for Wagtmans to take back the yellow jersey.
Wagtmans fell down in the eleventh stage, and although he managed to keep his lead until the start of the twelfth stage, he continued without morale. In the twelfth stage in the Pyrénées, three important riders attacked: Bauvin, Bahamontes and Malléjac. They stayed ahead, and Bauvin jumped to the first position in the general classification. Bobet was not far behind these three, and moved into the second place. In that twelfth stage, Hugo Koblet had fallen down, and lost 27 minutes, and his chances to win the Tour de France a second time. In the next stage, Koblet gave up.
In the sixteenth stage, Bauvin lost another 20 minutes, and dropped to sixth place. The Swiss cyclists had attacked Bobet where they could, but were unable to gain time on him. They had moved into second and third place of the general classification.
In the eighteenth stage, Bobet dominated, and dropped all of the other contenders. He won by a margin of one minute and 49 seconds, and his margin in the general classification was 12 minutes 49 seconds, which would normally be large enough for the victory. Bobet also won the individual time trial, and thereby increased his margin even more.
The Swiss cyclists could not attack Bobet anymore in the last stages, so Bobet won his second Tour de France. The Swiss team had performed well though, capturing the second and third place in the general classification, winning the team classification and having Kübler win the points classification.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. Of the 110 cyclists that started the 1954 Tour de France, 69 finished the race.
Points classification.
The points classification was calculated in the same way as in 1953, following the calculation method from the Tours de France from 1905 to 1912. Points were given according to the ranking of the stage: the winner received one points, the next cyclist two points, and so on. These points were added, and the cyclist with the least points was the leader of the points classification. In 1954, this was won by Ferdi Kübler.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was almost the same as in 1953: there were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 6 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Federico Bahamontes won this classification.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the Swiss team.
Combativity classification.
In every stage, a jury gave points for the most combative cyclist. These votes were added in the combativity classification. At the end of the Tour de France, Lucien Lazaridès and François Mahé were leading this classification with 20 votes each.
Lucien Lazaridès is regarded as the winner of this classification.
Aftermath.
After he won the Tour de France, Bobet would later win the 1954 UCI Road World Championships. The next year he would win the 1955 Tour de France, thereby becoming the first cyclist to win three Tours in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="5912200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912200" title="El-Mansoura, Tunisia">
El-Mansoura, Tunisia

El-Mansoura is a coastal region outside Kelibia city center.

</doc>
<doc id="5912202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912202" title="Clach Biorach">
Clach Biorach

The Clach Biorach (in English, "Sharp Stone") is a three-metre Standing Stone located a 1/4 mile north-west of the village of Edderton in Easter Ross. It dates to the Bronze Age, but two Pictish-style symbols were later engraved on the north side, making it a Class I Pictish symbol stone. The symbols are a 1) double-disc with a z-rod, and 2) a salmon above. 

</doc>
<doc id="5912204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912204" title="GRB2">
GRB2

Growth factor receptor-bound protein 2 also known as Grb2 is an adaptor protein involved in signal transduction/cell communication. In humans, the GRB2 protein is encoded by the "GRB2" gene.
The protein encoded by this gene binds receptors such as the epidermal growth factor receptor and contains one SH2 domain and two SH3 domains. Its two SH3 domains direct complex formation with proline-rich regions of other proteins, and its SH2 domain binds tyrosine phosphorylated sequences. This gene is similar to the "sem-5" gene of "Caenorhabditis elegans", which is involved in the signal transduction pathway. Two alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been found for this gene.
Function and expression.
Grb2 is widely expressed and is essential for multiple cellular functions. Inhibition of Grb2 function impairs developmental processes in various organisms and blocks transformation and proliferation of various cell types, and so it is not surprising that a targeted gene disruption of Grb2 in mouse is lethal at an early embryonic stage. Grb2 is best known for its ability to link the epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase to the activation of Ras and its downstream kinases, ERK1,2. Grb2 is composed of an SH2 domain flanked on each side by an SH3 domain. Grb2 has two closely related proteins with similar domain organizations, Gads and Grap. Gads and Grap are expressed specifically in hematopoietic cells and function in the coordination of tyrosine kinase mediated signal transduction.
Domains.
The SH2 domain of Grb2 binds to phosphorylated tyrosine-containing peptides on receptors or scaffold proteins with a preference for pY-X-N-X, where X is generally a hydrophobic residue such as valine (see [http://sh2domain.org]).
The N-terminal SH3 domain binds to proline-rich peptides and can bind to the Ras-guanine exchange factor SOS.
The C-terminal SH3 domain binds to peptides conforming to a P-X-I/L/V/-D/N-R-X-X-K-P motif that allows it to specifically bind to proteins such as Gab-1.
Interactions.
Grb2 has been shown to interact with Arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase, Lymphocyte cytosolic protein 2, GAB2, B-cell linker, Abl gene, CD28, FRS2, Mitogen-activated protein kinase 9, CD22, NEU3, ETV6, MAP2, Dock180, PIK3R1, SH2B1, CRK, GAB1, MST1R, DNM1, Huntingtin, Src, Beta-2 adrenergic receptor, VAV2, ADAM15, RAPGEF1, VAV1, HER2/neu, Epidermal growth factor receptor, PDGFRB, PTK2, Erythropoietin receptor, Linker of activated T cells, Dystroglycan, SH3KBP1, Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor receptor, DCTN1, CDKN1B, Colony stimulating factor 1 receptor, EPH receptor A2, KHDRBS1, RET proto-oncogene, PLCG1, TrkA, PRKAR1A, Janus kinase 2, MUC1, CD117, Fas ligand, Janus kinase 1, VAV3, BCAR1, PTPN1, INPP5D, ITK, SHC1, PTPN12, C-Met, PTPN11, Glycoprotein 130, PTPN6, Syk, MAP4K1, Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome protein, NCKIPSD, PTPRA, BCR gene, CBLB, Cbl gene, SOS1, IRS1, TNK2, MED28, MAP3K1 and HNRNPC.

</doc>
<doc id="5912206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912206" title="Audentius (Bishop of Toledo)">
Audentius (Bishop of Toledo)

Audentius () was bishop of Toledo (Hispania), according to tradition in the years 385-395 AD. In the "Catholic Encyclopedia" (1912), the Count of Cedillo places his episcopate around the year 376. In the 17th century, William Cave supposed him to have lived about 260 AD.
The historian Gennadius of Massilia mentions in "De viris illustribus" (ch. 14 ; ca. 480 AD) that a certain Audentius wrote the book "De fide adversus haereticos", in which he wrote against the Manichaeans, the Sabellians, the Arians, and, with especial energy, against the Photinians. Audentius's object was to show that the second person in the Trinity is co-eternal with the Father. The book has been lost.
In the book "De scriptoribus ecclesiasticis" (1494), abbot Johannes Trithemius styles this Audentius as ""vir in divinis scripturis exercitatum habens ingenium"."
In the "Catholic Encyclopedia" (1912), the Count of Cedillo considers both Audentius's to be the same person.

</doc>
<doc id="5912207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912207" title="Horomona Pohio">
Horomona Pohio

Horomona Pohio (1815–1880) was a New Zealand Māori leader, missionary, assessor and land protester. Of Māori descent, he identified with the Ngai Tahu iwi. He was born in Wainono, Southern Canterbury, New Zealand in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="5912210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912210" title="M.Y.O.B.">
M.Y.O.B.

M.Y.O.B. (a.k.a. Mind Your Own Business) (Espiritu Album 1970; Golden Egg Album 1234) is the seventh original album by American singer Deborah Gibson. It was released March 2001 on her own Golden Egg record label. 
Singles.
"M.Y.O.B." was promoted as a single first.
Billboard's Dance single reviewer described follow-up single "What You Want" as "a cutting-edge moment, featuring the recognizable vocals of this old friend and soul-saturating production from never-failing maestro Tony Moran" but acknowledged that DJs may have "lingering prejudices" against Gibson. The single received light airplay in Spring 2001 but did not chart.
"What You Want", released as the first single, was heavily promoted and has an accompanying music video; however, "What You Want" just missed charting on the Billboard Hot 100. "What You Want" did get some Rhythmic/dance format radio airplay, but airplay stalled and faded since the single came with no club mixes. This single includes "Comes Right Back" (Campfire Mix), which was not included on "M.Y.O.B."

</doc>
<doc id="5912214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912214" title="Chen Yanping">
Chen Yanping

Chen Yanping (; born January 7, 1966) is a retired Chinese triple jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="5912227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912227" title="Torrington Square">
Torrington Square

__NOTOC__
Torrington Square is a square in Bloomsbury, owned by the University of London, located in central London, England. Today it is a square in name only, most of the houses having been demolished by the university. The southern end of the square is dominated by the University of London's Senate House. Birkbeck College and the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) are located here. To the southwest is Malet Street and to the southeast is Russell Square. The square is the site of a weekly farmers' market, held on Thursdays.
Notable people.
John Desmond Bernal lived in a flat at the top of no. 22. In November 1950, Pablo Picasso, a fellow communist, en route to a Soviet-sponsored World Peace Congress in Sheffield created a mural in Bernal's flat. In 2007, this became part of the Wellcome Trust's collection for £250,000. It was displayed at the 2012 Tate Britain exhibition on "Picasso and Modern British Art".
See also.
Other squares on the Bedford Estate in Bloomsbury included:

</doc>
<doc id="5912236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912236" title="Edward G. Boyle">
Edward G. Boyle

The career of set decorator Edward G. Boyle (30 January 1899 – 17 February 1977) kicked off in the early 30s, when he started working on the first of over 100 films. His successful filmography includes such credits as an uncredited assist on the wartorn old South in Victor Fleming's classic "Gone with the Wind" (1939), the Nazi-influenced designs for Charles Chaplin's fictional country of Tomania in "The Great Dictator" (1940), the gritty boxing world in Robert Rossen's "Body and Soul" (1947) and Mark Robson's "Champion" (1949), an elegant Bournemouth seaside hotel in "Separate Tables" (1958), island life at the turn of the century in George Roy Hill's "Hawaii" (1966) and the sophisticated demi-monde of the multi-millionaire lifestyles in Norman Jewison's "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968).
Winner of the Academy Award in 1960 for Billy Wilder's "The Apartment", Boyle was nominated six other times: for "The Son of Monte Cristo" in 1940, "Some Like It Hot" in 1959, "The Children's Hour" in 1961, "Seven Days in May" in 1964, "The Fortune Cookie" in 1966 and "Gaily Gaily" in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="5912238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912238" title="Barbara Cooney">
Barbara Cooney

Barbara Cooney (August 6, 1917 – March 10, 2000) was an American writer and illustrator of more than 200 children's books, published over sixty years. She won two Caldecott Medals, which are awarded to the year's best-illustrated U.S. picture book and a National Book Award. Her books have been translated into 10 languages.
For her contribution as a children's illustrator, Cooney was the U.S. nominee in 1994 for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest international recognition for creators of children's books.
Life.
Cooney was born on 6 August 1917 in Room 1127 of the Hotel Bossert in Brooklyn, New York, to Russell Schenck Cooney (a stockbroker) and his wife Mae Evelyn Bossert (a painter). She had a twin brother and two younger brothers. Her family moved to Connecticut, where she attended Buckley Country Day School and later Boarding School. She started drawing and painting early in life, and was encouraged by her mother but allowed to learn independently.
Cooney graduated from Smith College with a history degree, but had always continued working at art. She began to make connections in the publishing world. Her first professional illustration was for "Ake and His World" by the Swedish poet Bertil Malmberg, which was published in 1940, a year after she graduated. 
During World War II, Cooney served in the Women’s Army Corps. Soon after her service, she met and married Guy Murchie(Jr) in 1944. They had two children, Gretel and Barnaby. She later divorced. In July 1949 she married Charles Talbot Porter; they had two children together: Charles and Phoebe.
Cooney had continued her illustration work. In 1959, she won the Caldecott Medal for "Chanticleer and the Fox", writing and illustrating her version of the fable, "Chanticleer and the Fox." This was developed by Chaucer in his "The Nun's Priest's Tale." 
beginning in her 40s, Cooney frequently traveled, gaining inspiration for illustrations and her writing. At home, she lived in Damariscotta, Maine, in a house built for her by one of her sons. 
Among her many books, she illustrated "Ox-Cart Man" (1980), written by American poet Donald Hall, for which she received her second Caldecott Medal that year. 
With her book "Miss Rumphius" (1983), which she wrote and illustrated, she won the National Book Award in category Picture Books. That year William Steig and his "Doctor De Soto" also shared the award.
In 1996, Maine Governor Angus King honored Miss Cooney by proclaiming a day in her name as "Barbara Cooney Day". Her last book, "Basket Moon" (2000), was published six months before her death at home in Damariscotta on March 10, 2000.
Portions of her original artwork are being displayed at Bowdoin College in Maine.
Style.
Throughout her career, Cooney used a variety of techniques, preferring pen and ink, acrylic paints, and pastels. Her illustrations are often described as folk art. She most often chose folk stories to illustrate. While many of her books were in black and white, her "heart and soul are in color".
Quotes.
"She gave me all the materials I could wish for and then left me alone, didn’t smother me with instruction. Not that I ever took instruction very easily. My favorite days were when I had a cold and could stay home from school and draw all day long... She was an enthusiastic painter of oils and watercolors. She was also very generous. I could mess with her paints and brushes all I wanted. On one condition: that I kept my brushes clean. The only art lesson my mother gave me was how to wash my brushes. Otherwise, she left me alone."
“It was not until I was in my forties, in the fifth decade of my life, that the sense of place, the spirit of place, became of paramount importance to me. It was then that I began my travels, that I discovered, through photography, the quality of light, and that I gradually became able to paint the mood of place.”
"I believe that children in this country need a more robust literary diet than they are getting... It does not hurt them to read about good and evil, love and hate, life and death. Nor do I think they should read only about things that they understand... a man’s reach should exceed his grasp. So should a child’s. For myself, I will never talk down to—or draw down to—children."

</doc>
<doc id="5912239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912239" title="As the Crow Flies (play)">
As the Crow Flies (play)

As the Crow Flies is a 1986 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. The play depicts an African-American maid living in a Chinese home in Los Angeles and her double life. The play premiered at the Los Angeles Theatre Center on February 16, 1986 on a double bill with Hwang's "The Sound of a Voice". It was directed by Reza Abdoh and featured Nobu McCarthy in the cast.
It is published as part of "Between Worlds: Contemporary Asian-American Plays" by Theatre Communications Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5912240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912240" title="Timothy R. McVeigh">
Timothy R. McVeigh

Timothy R. McVeigh is a former United States Navy sailor, best known as the first person to win a court case under the U.S. military's "Don't ask, don't tell" policy.
Early life.
McVeigh spent 18 years in the Navy before retiring in 1998. He earned four Good Conduct Medals and the Navy Commendation Medal during his service.
Case.
In 1998 the Navy alleged that McVeigh had declared his homosexuality on his publicly available America Online e-mail account with screen name "boysrch". The Navy contacted AOL, pretending to be a friend of McVeigh's, and requested the name behind the screen name "boysrch." AOL confirmed that his profile indicated his marital status was "gay".
McVeigh challenged the Navy's decision to discharge him on the grounds that his AOL profile did not amount to a declaration of homosexuality, and furthermore that the Navy acted improperly by investigating the AOL account without a court order or a warrant. The Federal Court held that the government violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and issued a preliminary injunction preventing the government from discharging McVeigh. The Court also determined that the Navy violated its own "Don't Tell, Don't Pursue" policy.
The case was settled in June 1998. The Navy did not admit any wrongdoing. McVeigh was able to retire at the rank of Master Chief Petty Officer with full benefits and the Navy paid for his legal fees. In a separate settlement, AOL agreed to pay damages to McVeigh for having improperly disclosed his identity.
McVeigh said he planned to retire to civilian life before Labor Day 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5912255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912255" title="Thunder Bay Bearcats">
Thunder Bay Bearcats

The Thunder Bay Bearcats were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. They were a part of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
History.
The team was founded in 2001 with the Superior International Junior Hockey League as the K&A First Nations Featherman Hawks. After one season they moved to Nipigon and became Nipigon Featherman Hawks. The next season they moved back to Thunder Bay and became the K&A First Nations Golden Hawks.
In 2006, the team was bought and renamed the Thunder Bay Bearcats. The Bearcats moniker was a prominent team name in the region in the 1950s.
In 2008, the Bearcats absorbed the Thunder Bay Bulldogs to resurrect and improve the city's Thunder Bay Kings Midget AAA program.
In May 2009, the Bearcats did not attend the league's AGM and it soon came out that the team was disbanding. It is not known whether or not the leave is permanent.

</doc>
<doc id="5912261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912261" title="Shine a Light">
Shine a Light

Shine a Light may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912266" title="Stana Katic">
Stana Katic

Stana Katic (; born April 26, 1978) is a Canadian-American film and television actress. She plays Detective Kate Beckett on the ABC series "Castle".
Early life.
Katic was born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, to Serb parents Petar and Rada Katić, who emigrated from Croatia, Yugoslavia. In describing her ethnicity, she has stated "My parents are Serbs from Croatia. I call us Dalmatian because that's the part of the planet that we are originally from. I have Serb, Croat and even a handful of Montenegrin family members." Her father is from Vrlika, and her mother is from the surrounding area of Sinj. Katic later moved with her family to Aurora, Illinois. She spent the following years moving back and forth between Canada and the United States. After graduating from West Aurora High School in 1996, she studied at the University of Toronto and then at the DePaul University Goodman School of Drama, where she studied acting from 2000 to 2002. She has four brothers and one sister.
Career.
Katic played Hana Gitelman in "Heroes", Collette Stenger in "24s season 5, and Jenny in the film "Feast of Love" starring Morgan Freeman. She also played Morgenstern in Frank Miller's film "The Spirit", Corrine Veneau in the "James Bond" film "Quantum of Solace" (though she was originally up for the role of Strawberry Fields in the film), and Simone Renoir in the third installment of "The Librarian" franchise, '.
In August 2008, ABC announced acquisition of the television series "Castle", starring Katic as Kate Beckett and Nathan Fillion as Richard Castle.
In 2008, Katic established her own production company, Sine Timore Productions, which is Latin for "without fear".
BuddyTV named Stana Katic as #24 on its list of "TV's 100 Sexiest Women of 2009", #39 in 2010, #1 in 2011, #8 in 2012 and #12 in 2013; #6 on its list of "The 15 Best Drama Lead Actresses of the 2011-2012 TV Season"; named her character's relationship with the title character as #18 (and the Best Flirting Relationship) on its list "Love Is All Around: Best TV Relationships of 2010", #13 (and the Best Delayed Relationship) on its list of "The Best Relationships of 2011", #15 on its list of "The Special Relationships: TV’s Top 50 Love Stories of the Past Decade", #1 on its list "Love... Or Not: The Top 12 Will-They-or-Won't-They Couples of 2012" and #2 on its list "Lip Smacking Good: The Best Kisses of 2012"; named "Castle" as #6 on its list of "The 11 Best Returning TV Shows of 2011", #11 on "The 15 Best Dramas of the 2011-2012 TV Season" and #12 on "The 12 Best Dramas of 2012". Katic also has been on Maxim Hot 100 list for three consecutive years. 
In the summer of 2010 Katic filmed "For Lovers Only" with the Polish brothers in France and "The Double" with Richard Gere.
At the third annual Shorty Awards held on March 28, 2011, she won the actress category. In May 2011, she won the Most Glamourous Actress online ballot for the Monte-Carlo Television Festival. She received 17.3% of the 3,641 votes against a field of 15 finalists.
She served as a jury member at the May 29-June 5, 2011 Film Festival Zlín, where "For Lovers Only" made its world premiere. "Big Sur", in which she plays Lenore Kandel, premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2013. In conjunction with the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con International, there was an official announcement in "Entertainment Weekly" that she would become the voice for Talia al Ghul in "".
On January 28, 2012, she was a presenter at the 64th Annual Directors Guild of America Awards ceremony. She was the recipient of the PRISM Award for Performance in a Drama Episode at the 16th Annual PRISM Awards for her portrayal of suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in the "Castle" season four episode "Killshot". Katic was nominated for the 39th People's Choice Awards in the Favorite Dramatic TV Actress category. At the 40th People's Choice Awards, Katic won the Favorite Dramatic TV Actress category, while the show won Favorite TV Crime Drama.
Personal life.
Katic started a project in 2010 called "The Alternative Travel Project". She lives in and shoots "Castle" in Los Angeles. Katic speaks four languages fluently: English, French, Italian and Serbian.
Katic wrote the lyrics for "Hey Blue Eyes", which she sang for fans at the 51st Zlín Film Festival in 2011.
She holds dual citizenship in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5912268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912268" title="Face Value (play)">
Face Value (play)

Face Value was a 1993 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang. It was to be the second Broadway production of the playwright's work, but it closed in previews on March 14, 1993. The production was scheduled to open at the Cort Theatre. It was directed by Jerry Zaks, with B. D. Wong, Jane Krakowski, Mark Linn-Baker, Mia Korf, and Gina Torres in the cast.
Its critical failure provided the inspiration for David Henry Hwang's Obie Award-winning play "Yellow Face", which premiered in 2007 at the Mark Taper Forum and moved Off-Broadway to the Joseph Papp Public Theater.
The play has never been published.

</doc>
<doc id="5912269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912269" title="Clear Lake (Iowa)">
Clear Lake (Iowa)

Clear Lake is the name of a natural spring fed body of water located in Cerro Gordo County, Iowa near Clear Lake, Iowa. It is approximately in size. It is a popular fishing destination, with walleye, bullhead, yellow bass and channel catfish. People from Des Moines and Minneapolis–Saint Paul have had homes on the shores of the lake since the 1870s. The average depth is and the maximum depth is , in the dredged area of the west end. The lake has of shoreline. As of 2004, the lake has seen major efforts undergone to restore its natural clarity, including filtration systems, dredging, and education of local farmers to reduce toxic pesticides from entering the lake. Clear Lake has been named the "Best Iowa Lake Town" by "The Des Moines Register" and "A Top Vacation Spot" by "Midwest Living" magazine.
Boating.
Clear Lake is home to the Clear Lake Yacht Club, a sailing club in downtown Clear Lake, Iowa. Many members race and equally informally cruise the lake. Each weekend between Memorial Day and Labor Day, the course is set on the main basin of the lake and boats can be seen racing for miles. Another sailing main stay is the Cougar Bay beach. The beach is home to 60 to 100 Catamaran sailboats during the summer months. Clear Lake is the highest point in Cerro Gordo County, making wind always common on the water, and therefore a sailor's paradise. The Lady of the Lake is a steamboat- like cruising boat that often cruises all over the lake. Water skiing, wake boarding, tubing, and many other behind boat sports are common all over the lake.
Notable Places.
Clear Lake is dotted with several different landmarks for orientation on the water. Woodford Island is often visible from every point on the lake, making it a navigational aid. A hotel was located on the island until a fire leveled it in the 1930s. Now the island is mostly made up of trees and many other plants. Lone Tree Point, Farmers Beach, and Mcintosh Woods are also very natural, with many trees and beaches with barley any buildings. Notable lakeside communities include the city of Clear Lake, the smaller city of Ventura, Bayside, Dodges Point, Buzzards Bay, Tanglefoot, and Bell Harbor. The city of Clear Lake is at the eastern side of the lake and is home to many of the lake's attractions including many restaurants, parks, city services, etc. The small town of Ventura sits on the northwestern basin of the lake. It is at the farthest part of the lake from the city of Clear Lake. Bayside is located on a peninsula south of Woodford Island. It used to be home to an amusement park but is now a neighborhood. Dodges Point is another peninsula on the south shore. It has houses on the lakeside and the middle is mostly made up of grass and trees. Buzzards Bay is a bay area set between Dodges Point and Tanglefoot. Most of the bay has a sidewalk running on the lakeside of each house. Tanglefoot is a neighborhood to the west of Buzzards Bay and Dodges Point. It is home to a Girl Scout camp and many houses. The western part is bordered by a large wooded area that connects to Farmers Beach and Lone Tree Point. Bell Harbor is a community located in between Bayside and Dodges Point and is home to a large lawn on the lakeside surrounded by condos and houses. Two other notable communities on the waterfront include The Venetian Village and The Harborage. Both of these sit on man made canals and harbors on the northern shore of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="5912291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912291" title="Toussaint Rabenala">
Toussaint Rabenala

Toussaint Rabenala (born 29 October 1965) is a retired Malagasy triple jumper.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5912292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912292" title="1976 NBA Playoffs">
1976 NBA Playoffs

The 1976 NBA Playoffs was the postseason tournament of the National Basketball Association's 1975–76 season. The tournament concluded with the Eastern Conference champion Boston Celtics defeating the Western Conference champion Phoenix Suns 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals. The series was highlighted by Game 5, a 3-OT victory by Boston. The Celtics won their 13th NBA title, second in the Dave Cowens era. Jo Jo White was named NBA Finals MVP.
The Suns earned their first two playoff series victories in franchise history to advance to the NBA Finals; they won their second (and , most recent) Western Conference title in 1993.
The sixth-year Cleveland Cavaliers made their first playoff appearance and won their first playoff series.
This was the last playoff appearance for the Buffalo Braves until 1992, when they returned as the Los Angeles Clippers.
The Philadelphia 76ers made the playoffs for the first time since 1971, starting a 12-year run that included four NBA Finals (1977, 1980, 1982, and 1983).
Western Conference.
Champion: Phoenix Suns
(1) Golden State Warriors, (2) Seattle SuperSonics & (3) Phoenix Suns have first round byes.
(4) Milwaukee Bucks vs. (5) Detroit Pistons: "Pistons win series 2–1"
(1) Golden State Warriors vs. (5) Detroit Pistons: "Warriors win series 4–2"
(2) Seattle SuperSonics vs. (3) Phoenix Suns: "Suns win series 4–2"
(1) Golden State Warriors vs. (3) Phoenix Suns: "Suns win series 4–3"
Eastern Conference.
Champion: Boston Celtics
(1) Boston Celtics, (2) Cleveland Cavaliers & (3) Washington Bullets have first round byes.
(4) Philadelphia 76ers vs. (5) Buffalo Braves: "Braves win series 2–1"
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (5) Buffalo Braves: "Celtics win series 4–2"
(2) Cleveland Cavaliers vs. (3) Washington Bullets: "Cavaliers win series 4–3"
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (2) Cleveland Cavaliers: "Celtics win series 4–2"
NBA Finals.
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (3) Phoenix Suns: "Celtics win series 4–2"

</doc>
<doc id="5912304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912304" title="Chidananda Dasgupta">
Chidananda Dasgupta

Chidananda Das Gupta (November 20, 1921 – May 22, 2011), (family name sometimes spelled 'Dashgupta' and 'Dasgupta') (), was a Bengali Indian filmmaker, a leading film critic, a film historian and one of the founders of Calcutta Film Society with Satyajit Ray in 1947. He lived and worked in Calcutta and Santiniketan.
Early life.
Son of Shantilata and Manmathanath Dasgupta, a Brahmo missionary and social worker, he was born at Shillong, Assam, India in 1921. In 1944 he married, Supriya Das, a daughter of Brahmananda Dashgupta, brother of poet Jibanananda Das. His daughter Aparna Sen is a well known actress and filmmaker. Actress Konkona Sen Sharma is his granddaughter.
Das Gupta had a flick with politics during the anti-British Quit India movement days of the 1940s. This forced him on to jobs – teaching at St. Columba’s College, Hazaribagh, personal assistant to Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis at the Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta, teaching at City College, Kolkata, journalism, and then a plush job in advertising with Imperial Tobacco.
The film society movement.
In 1947, Das Gupta, along with Satyajit Ray and Hari Sadhan Dasgupta, founded the Calcutta Film Society. The opportunity to see the best of world cinema had a decisive impact on Ray as well as others like Mrinal Sen and Ritwik Ghatak.
In 1959, the Federation of Film Societies of India was set up at the initiative of Das Gupta, Satyajit Ray, Mrs. Vijaya Mulay, Mrs. Ammu Swaminathan, Robert Hawkins, Diptendu Pramanick, Abul Hassan and A. Roychowdhury. The Federation has played a major role in the spread of the film society movement in India.
Writing and translations.
Das Gupta is well known for his essays and translations of Rabindranath Tagore, Manik Bandopadhyay and Jibanananda Das. He had a close association with poet Jibanananda Das during the latter's lifetime which gave him unique insights into the poetry of Jibanananda Das that is often alleged to be obscure and unintelligible.
The most famous poem of Bengali literature, namely, Banalata Sen by poet Jibanananda Das has been rendered into English by Das Gupta. It reads as follows:
Writing about cinema.
Chidananda Das Gupta is best known as a film historian and film critic. He has written over 2000 articles on cinema in various periodicals. In 1957 he, along with Ray and others, started the "Indian Film Quarterly". His contributions to the British film magazine "Sight and Sound" have permanent archival value. He has studied closely the work of his friend Satyajit Ray, and his 1980 book "The Cinema of Satyajit Ray" remains one of the definitive works on Ray.
Awards.
In 2004 Chidananada Das Gupta was honoured at the Osian Film Festival, 2004, with a Lifetime Achievement Award for writing on cinema.
Filmmaker.
Das Gupta directed as many as seven films, namely "The Stuff Of Steel" (1969), "The Dance of Shiva" (1968), "Portrait of a City" (1961), "Amodini" (1994), "Zaroorat Ki Purti" (1979), "Rakhto" (1973) and "Bilet Pherat" (1972) Of these he composed only two. These are "Bilet Pherat" and "Amodini", the latter starring both his daughter Aparna Sen and his granddaughter Konkona Sen Sharma.
"Amodini" was made in 1996. It was a one hour forty five minutes family comedy. Casting included Aparna Sen, Rachana Banerjee, Anusree Das and Pijush Ganguly, among others. A satirical Indian fairy tale, it is set in the perspective of 18th century, when traditional social customs were strictly enforced and complied. The storyline is about the exploits of a pretty and spoiled daughter of a rajah (king) who is forced to become the bride of her 15-year-old Brahmin houseboy after the man she was supposed to marry jilts her on her wedding day. If she does not marry before sunset, something horrible will happen to her; therefore she must marry the servant boy. After the ceremony, the boy is exiled and the union remains unconsummated. Years pass and tragedy befalls the rajah who loses all his wealth. Suddenly the servant boy returns, only he is no longer a servant. Now he has become wealthy and powerful enough to take the rajah's position from him. Even though by then he has married another, his former bride begs him to take her in.
Later life.
As an elderly man, Das Gupta was physically impaired from Parkinson's disease. He used wheel chair to move and his voice was barely audible. However he remained active. He always dressed up in trademark cream kurta-pyjama. His white stubble around the cheeks well passed for a French beard. It has been said that Chidananda Das Gupta was a picture of 'restraint' and 'dignity'. He died on 22 May 2011 in Kolkata after catching bronchopneumonia brought on by Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5912312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912312" title="Chōsōjū Mecha MG">
Chōsōjū Mecha MG

Gameplay.
The player uses the stylus to manipulate a Marionation Gear (MG) on the battlefield. MGs are giant mechs that have been developed from marionettes. The touch screen shows a control panel which varies depending on which MG the player is operating. Actions are performed using the touch screen. They include shooting, jumping, swinging a mech's arm or close-range weapon, changing form, shooting projectiles, etc. There are more than 100 mechs, some of which are able to transform from a vehicle form to a robot form and vice-versa, similar to piloted robots from many Japanese television shows.
The gameplay of "Chōsōjū Mecha MG" is split into a series of over 120 missions, which can range from defeating enemy robots to winning first place in a race. Outside of battle, MGs can be purchased from various shops, and equipped with status boosting items.
Plot.
Story.
The player takes the part of a thirteen-year-old boy who longs to be a "Puppetmaster", or MG (Marionation Gear) operator. This character begins in an apprentice-like position at a Marionation Gear workshop (koubou) along with the owner, the owner's daughter, and a talented young mechanic who befriends the protagonist. When the hero gets his first chance to operate an MG, his town comes under attack by an Automan, an un-piloted MG created by a shadowy rival factory.
Characters.
Note: Most characters have names of non-Japanese derivation.

</doc>
<doc id="5912327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912327" title="Karuna Banerjee">
Karuna Banerjee

Karuna Banerjee () (December 25, 1919 – November 13, 2001) was a Bengali actress immortalized by her roles in Satyajit Ray's "The Apu Trilogy" (1955–1959) as the long suffering mother, Sarbajaya. She was nominated for Best Actress at the 1959 BAFTA Awards for her performance in "Aparajito" (1956), the second part of "The Apu Trilogy". She appeared in a number of other films after that, including Ray's "Devi" (1960) and "Kanchenjungha" (1962).
Early life.
She graduated from the Jogamaya Devi College, an affiliated women's college of the University of Calcutta.
Acting career.
Karuna Banerjee (aka Karuna Bandhyopadhyay) had an acting career of more than two decades in Bengali cinema and theatre. She is best known for her memorable performance as Sarbajaya, the mother in the first two parts of Satyajit Ray's "The Apu Trilogy": "Pather Panchali" (1955) and "Aparajito" (1956). Her performance in the latter earned her a Best Actress nomination at the 1959 BAFTA Awards. She went on to act in a few more films, including two more by Ray, one by Mrinal Sen, and one by Ritwik Ghatak that was never officially released.

</doc>
<doc id="5912332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912332" title="Mari Andriessen">
Mari Andriessen

Mari Silverster Andriessen (4 December 1897 – 7 December 1979) was a Dutch sculptor, best known for his work memorializing victims of the Holocaust. Born and died in Haarlem, Andriessen is buried at the RK Begraafplaats Sint Adelberts in Bloemendaal, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="5912354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912354" title="Ballymoney High School">
Ballymoney High School

Ballymoney High School is a secondary school located in Ballymoney, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It has 716 pupils and takes in some 140 new pupils each year. It is within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area.
Ballymoney High's Principal is Mr Rodney Scott. The Vice Principal is Mrs Cynthia Currie.

</doc>
<doc id="5912357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912357" title="Kaḷavaḻi Nāṟpatu">
Kaḷavaḻi Nāṟpatu

Kalavazhi Narpathu (Tamil: களவழி நாற்பது) is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature. This belongs to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Kalavazhi Narpathu" contains forty poems written by the poet Poigayaar. 
The poems of "Kalavazhi Narpathu" deal with the "puram" (external) subjects. "Puram" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with war, politics, wealth, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5912375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912375" title="Forty Hill">
Forty Hill

Forty Hill is a largely residential suburb in the north of the London Borough of Enfield, England. To the north is Bulls Cross, to the south Enfield Town, to the west Clay Hill, and to the east Enfield Highway. 
Etymology.
Forty Hill was recorded as "Fortyehill" 1610, "Fortie hill" 1619, "Fortee hill" 1686, named from "Fortey c.1350", that is ' the island (of higher ground) in marsh ', from Old English "forth-ēg" with reference to the slightly rising ground above the River Lea marshes.
History.
There have been houses in the road now known as Forty Hill since at least 1572.
The area includes the historic Forty Hall, built in the 17th century in the grounds of the former Tudor palace of Elsyng. In its grounds is the older (16th or early 17th-century) Dower House. Other older buildings nearby include the early 18th century Worcester Lodge and later 18th century Elsynge House and Sparrow Hall, and the 19th century Elms and Clock House. George Birkbeck (founder of what is now Birkbeck, University of London) lived at Forty Hill in the 1820s. Jesus Church, near Maiden's Bridge, was built in 1835 and the nearby school in 1851. Goat Lane is named after a pub established before 1794 which was replaced by a large building in mock-Elizabethan style in the 1930s; this has since been converted to flats. Some housing was built during Victorian times but most of the area consists of terraced houses and maisonettes built in the 1930s. 
Interior of the Carpenter's Shop at Forty Hill, Enfield - exhibited 1813thumbnail
Transport.
There are many bus services which serve the area. Also nearby is Gordon Hill railway station. The area was formerly crossed by the A105 road, running north from Enfield Town past Forty Hall and Myddelton House to meet the A1010 near Waltham Cross. This was altered to terminate at the A110 in Enfield Town, and the main route cut to discourage through traffic from using the narrow Maiden's Bridge. There are now no major roads crossing the area, which is by-passed by the A110 to the south and the A10 to the east.
Places of interest.
Forty Hall Manor and Country Park is a manor with gardens, both of which can be explored. It is open all year round. Many events and exhibitions are held here. The London Loop long-distance footpath follows the Turkey Brook to the north of Forty Hall. Nearby to the north in Bulls Cross are Myddelton House Gardens (former home of botanist E. A. Bowles, open at certain times during the year) and Capel Manor horticultural college with of grounds open to the public, including a maze and themed gardens. Special events take place here throughout the year. Also nearby are Whitewebbs Park and Clay Hill House.
Geology.
The hill which gives its name to the district lies to the north of the built-up area and is mainly occupied by Forty Hall and its grounds. It rises to a plateau around above sea level composed of the Boyn Hill Gravel, a deposit laid down by a former course of the Thames. To the west and north is the valley of the Turkey Brook, which meets the Cuffley Brook here before flowing east to the Lea; the valley has cut through the gravels to the underlying London Clay. To the south and east are the lower and later gravels and 'brickearths' of the Lea Valley. The former course of the New River runs up the north side of the Turkey Brook valley north and west of the hill, before crossing the valley to run south-east between Forty Hill and Clay Hill, the limit of the higher glacial hills to the west. The New River has since been straightened to flow southwards to the east of Forty Hill, using an aqueduct to cross Turkey Brook near Maidens Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5912410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912410" title="Johann Gottfried Steffan">
Johann Gottfried Steffan

Johann Gottfried Steffan (December 13, 1815 in Wädenswil/Switzerland – June 16, 1905 in Munich/Germany) was one of the most important Swiss landscapists of the 19th century.
After his apprenticeship as lithographer in his home town, Steffan travelled to Munich in 1833 in order to receive a further education. He there attended the Academy of Fine Arts under Peter von Cornelius. Under the influence of Carl Rottmann, he turned to realistic Landscape art. Steffan's studio became the center of the Swiss artists in Munich. Together with numerous colleagues – among these Rudolf Koller –, he did several study trips to the Swiss Alps, especially to the Canton of Glarus and to Lake Walen. Later, he quite frequently went to Berchtesgaden and to Ramsau where he found many of his motifs. Steffan's paintings mostly are idealistic landscapes of the Munich School and often show mountain motifs.

</doc>
<doc id="5912415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912415" title="The Oprichnik">
The Oprichnik

The Oprichnik or The Guardsman (, Oprichnik) is an opera in 4 acts, 5 scenes, by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (1840–1893) to his own libretto after the tragedy "The Oprichniks" () by Ivan Lazhechnikov (1792–1869). The subject of the opera is the oprichniks. It is set in Ivan the Terrible's court during the oprichnina times (1565–1573).
Tchaikovsky worked on the opera from February 1870 - March 1872. It includes music from his early opera "The Voyevoda" (1869). The work is dedicated to the Grand Duke Konstantin Nikolayevich Romanov. It was given its premiere performance at the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg on 24 April 1874, followed by the Moscow premiere on 16 May 1874 at the Bolshoi Theatre.
Instrumentation.
Source: www.tchaikovsky-research.net
Synopsis.
Act 2.
Entr'acte
Act 3.
Entr'acte
Act 4.
"Note": The entr'acte to Act II was written and scored by Vladimir Shilovsky.[http://www.tchaikovsky-research.net/en/Works/Operas/TH003.html]
Derived works.
Arrangements by the composer

</doc>
<doc id="5912422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912422" title="Barnacle (disambiguation)">
Barnacle (disambiguation)

A barnacle is an arthropod belonging to the infraclass Cirripedia in the subphylum Crustacea.
Barnacle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912441" title="Eddie Smith (baseball)">
Eddie Smith (baseball)

Edgar Smith (December 14, 1913 – January 2, 1994) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1936–1939), Chicago White Sox (1939–1943, 1946–1947) and Boston Red Sox (1947). Smith was a switch-hitter and threw left-handed. He was born in Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey.
In a 10-season career, Smith posted a 73–113 record with 694 strikeouts and a 3.82 ERA in 1,595 innings pitched.
Joe DiMaggio started his 56 game hitting streak on May 15, 1941 by getting one hit in four at bats against Smith.
Smith died in Willingboro Township, New Jersey, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5912446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912446" title="List of selected contemporary repertoire for guitar">
List of selected contemporary repertoire for guitar

This is a list of selected contemporary repertoire for guitar. The pieces in this list were composed by notable composers (outside of the so-called "guitar world"), or composers whose work has significance in contemporary classical music history. For more pieces and pieces of earlier eras, visit the list of compositions for guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="5912449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912449" title="Metropolitan College of New York">
Metropolitan College of New York

Metropolitan College of New York (MCNY), formerly known as Audrey Cohen College, is a college located at 431 Canal Street in Manhattan, New York City between Tribeca and SoHo. The college also maintains offices at its previous location, around the corner, at 75 Varick Street.
History.
The college was founded in 1964 by educational pioneer Audrey Cohen.
Academics.
After a reorganization completed in September 2007, MCNY consists of two schools, The Audrey Cohen School for Human Services and Education, and The School for Management. Together, the schools offer undergraduate and graduate programs in Human Services, Education, Emergency Management, Business and Media Management.
The highest degrees offered are master's degrees. The college follows founder Audrey Cohen's Purpose-Centered Education philosophy. In contrast to colleges and universities that organize the school year according to semesters, MCNY refers to each term as a "purpose". Each term's purpose, or unifying theme, drives the coursework for the term, which includes a Constructive Action (CA). CAs are unique clinical seminars in which students complete projects that combine classroom study with research-fieldwork projects that integrate lessons learned in all of the term's courses with hands-on experience.
The Audrey Cohen School for Human Services and Education consist of six programs of study; all of which are have accreditation.
[http://www.ncate.org/tabid/178/Default.aspx?ch=106&CO_ID=25288&state=ny]
Associate Of Arts:Human Services,
Bachelor Of Arts In American Urban Studies,
Bachelor Of Professional Studies:Human Services,
Master Of Science In Education: Dual Childhood 1-6 / Special Education,
Master Of Science In Education: Childhood 1-6,
CASAC Program
The School For Public Affairs & Administration 
MPA In Public Affairs And Administration,
MPA In Emergency And Disaster Management
The School For Business 
Associate Of Science In Business,
Bachelor Of Business Administration,
BBA In Healthcare Systems Management,
MBA In Media Management,
MBA In Financial Services,
MBA In General Management
In 2012, the Associate and Bachelor Degree in Business Administration and all MBA programs at Metropolitan College of New York were accredited by The Accreditation Council for Business Schools & Programs (ACBSP).Accreditation Council for Business Schools & Programs (ACBSP)
Campus.
Metropolitan College of New York has two locations,the main campus in lower Manhattan and the extension campus in the Bronx. On Tuesday, March 13, 2012, with a warm welcome from the community and public officials such as Deputy Bronx Borough President Aurelia Greene, the Metropolitan College of New York (MCNY) re-opened its doors in the Bronx after more than five years. The Bronx Extension Center, located at 529 Courtlandt Avenue, will offer students living in surrounding areas a convenient campus where they can attend classes.
International field study.
The MBA programs at MCNY have an international field study experience in their curricula and the experience is an inherent part of these curricula. This action-oriented experience is tailored to ensure that students have the opportunity to work collaboratively in a pan-cultural environment in which they are exposed to new cultures and given the opportunity to explore them. Students enrolled in the MBA programs (Media Management, Financial Services or General Management) will participate in the trip based on their credits completed and academic progress.
The programs’ goal is to immerse students in the global business environment and students participation are required as this is necessary to develop and apply the skills required to work effectively in the global economy. As part of the required international practicum course, students will be afforded the opportunity to work in a consultative capacity with an operating enterprise to address one or more existing business challenges.

</doc>
<doc id="5912451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912451" title="Boys of Summer (comics)">
Boys of Summer (comics)

Boys of Summer is a three volume Original English-language manga written by American Chuck Austen and illustrated by Japanese artist Hiroki Otsuka. It is a romantic comedy that deals with the main character's relationships with women upon his arrival at college as well as his relationship with the school's baseball team. The series is published by Tokyopop and is rated as suitable for persons over the age of 16 as it contains scenes with partial nudity.
Publication history.
The first volume of "Boys of Summer" was released May 9, 2006, running approximately 200 pages, and is the only volume that has seen print in the US. The second volume was released in October 2007 in Hungary. An omnibus edition, collecting all three volumes, was announced but never released. 
In August 2009, Tokyopop announced that the remaining volumes would be released online, as part of their new online manga program. On September 23, 2009, the serialization of the second volume started on Tokyopop.com, with a new chapter scheduled each Wednesday.
Synopsis.
Volume 1.
Bud Waterston is an 18-year-old male "in full hormonal bloom" with a predilection for nosebleeds. After saying goodbye to his mother and siblings he leaves to attend Wilton State University two hours away with his best friend Manny. Bud is looking forward to meeting what he imagines are legions of scantily-clad young women but things do not begin well for him. Upon arrival he gets into a car accident and runs afoul of an upperclassman. When taking Manny to baseball tryouts, he discovers that the car he ran into is owned by the manager of the baseball team and the upperclassman, Jake, is the star pitcher. After an altercation with Jake that injures Bud and reveals he possess a high speed fastball with great control, he meets the manager's daughter, the team's starting catcher Chrissie.
Later, Chrissie approaches Manny to find out more about Bud—namely why he does not play baseball with his incredible skills. Later she finds him at a party thrown by Keeley, a sophomore girl living in his co-ed dorm. Finding Keeley in Bud's lap, she storms off and Bud follows arguing with her only to discover she lives across the hall from him. Afterwards Keeley appears and apologizes to Bud wondering if he and Chrissie are involved. Bud denies it and Keeley expresses an interest in Bud.
The next day Bud and Chrissie are heading down to breakfast together when they discover that Manny has not activated his dining card—meaning he cannot enter the cafeteria. Bud gives Manny his card and resigns himself to skipping breakfast but Chrissie volunteers to buy him something elsewhere and the two of them leave. While eating they talk and eventually the talk turns to baseball when Bud suddenly realizes that Chrissie is only being nice to him to get him to join the team and leaves insulted. 
That evening Chrissie's father comes to Bud's dorm and offers not to report the damage Bud caused to his car in return for his joining the team. At first Bud resists but after discovering that Manny, also a catcher, probably will not make the team due to Chrissie and calling his mother and finding out the projected rise in the insurance premiums, he shows up to practice on one condition: only Manny can catch for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5912472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912472" title="San Marcos salamander">
San Marcos salamander

The San Marcos salamander (Eurycea nana) is a small species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States, endemic to Spring Lake and a small region of the headwaters of the San Marcos River near Aquarena Springs, in Hays County, Texas. It is one to two inches long, with a slender body and external gills, and is a reddish-brown in color.
Conservation status.
The San Marcos salamander has been federally listed as a threatened species since 1980. Due to its extremely limited geographic range, it is threatened by a number of things, but primarily from the contamination of ground water sources and heavy dependence of Central Texas cities upon the Edwards Aquifer for water.

</doc>
<doc id="5912483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912483" title="1953 Tour de France">
1953 Tour de France

The 1953 Tour de France was the 40th Tour de France, taking place from July 3 to July 26, 1953. It consisted of 22 stages over 4479 km, ridden at an average speed of 34.593 km/h.
The race was won by Louison Bobet, the first of his three consecutive wins. At first, internal struggles in the French national team seemed to work against Bobet, but when the team joined forces, he beat regional rider Jean Malléjac in the mountains.
The 1953 Tour de France saw the introduction of the points classification, which gives the green jersey to its leader. In 1953 this was won by Fritz Schär.
Changes from the 1952 Tour de France.
Fifty years after the first Tour de France, the 1953 Tour featured the introduction of the green jersey, for the leader in the points classification (usually seen as the "best sprinter's" jersey), at that time called the . The classification was based on the points system as it had been used from the 1905 Tour de France to the 1912 Tour de France.
The points classification was not only added to celebrate the 50 years since the first race, but also to have the sprinters race hard for the entire race.
The 1952 Tour de France had seen daily combativity awards. In 1953, this system was kept, and in addition a supercombativity award for the most combative cyclist of the entire Tour was given.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1953 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. Seven national teams were sent, with 10 cyclists each from Italy, Switzerland, Belgium, Spain, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and France. France additionally sent five regional teams from 10 cyclists each, divided into Ile de France, Center-North East France, South East France, West France and South West France. One Luxembourgian cyclist did not start, so 119 cyclists started the race.
The winner of the previour edition, Fausto Coppi, did not defend his title due to injury. The reasons were not clear: it could have been injury, but it was also possible that Coppi did not want to ride in the same team as his rival Gino Bartali, or that the Tour direction urged the Italian team not to select Coppi because he had dominated the 1952 Tour, or that Coppi chose to prepare for the 1953 UCI Road World Championships. The big favourites became Hugo Koblet and Louison Bobet.
The last five editions had been won by Italian and Swiss cyclists, so the French cycling fans were anxious for a French win. When team manager Michel Bidot had selected Bobet as the French team captain, controversy arose. Bobet had shown his potential strength, but had already tried to win the Tour de France five times without succeeding. His team mate Raphaël Géminiani thought that Bobet was not strong enough, after he did not finish the 1953 Giro d'Italia earlier that year.
Race details.
In the first two stages Fritz Schär won the sprint. The favourites remained calm. After the fourth stage, French Roger Hassenforder took the lead, but he soon lost it when the mountains appeared.
Hassenforder was ill, and could not follow in the mountains, so Schär took the lead back in the ninth stage. In the next stage, Hugo Koblet, the leader of the Swiss team, fell and had to give up, making Schär the undisputed leader of the Swiss team.
Jean Robic, the winner of the 1947 Tour de France, rode for the regional team from West France. He was in great shape, and won the 11th stage, and even took the leading position in the general classification. In the next stage, Robic rode in the yellow jersey for the first and only time in his career. Robic had won the 1947 Tour de France, but only captured the lead in the ultimate stage, so he hever wore the yellow jersey during that race. Robic was a good climber, but he was not heavy enough to be a good descender. It is said that the manager of his team had arranged bidons filled with lead, that would be given to Robic on the top of the mountains. This helped Robic to keep his lead on the descent.
Robic lost the yellow jersey in the next stage, after he crashed and the French national team attacked. A large group of twenty five cyclists, without any of the favourites, had escaped and stayed away. Robic's team did not lose the jersey however, as first François Mahé took over the lead.
In the next stage, the favourites attacked again. Mahé could not keep up, and lost his leading position to his team mate Jean Malléjac. The sprint was won by Nello Lauredi from the French national team, before his team mate Bobet. Bobet was angry that Lauredi had won the sprint, because it made Bobet miss the one minute time bonus for the winner of the stage. Bobet accused Lauredi and Géminiani of working against him, and during dinner it came to a fight. The French team captain intervened, and they found a solution: Bobet agreed to give his prize money to his team mates, if they helped him win the Tour.
In that stage, Robic had fallen down, and lost many minutes, so he was no longer considered able to win the Tour. He did not start the fourteenth stage. At that point, Bobet was 3 minutes 13 seconds behind Malléjac.
In the eighteenth stage in the alps, Bobet followed Jesus Lorono who attacked on the Col de Vars. Bobet dropped him on the descend, and went alone to the Col d'Izoard. There was a group of early attackers ahead, including Bobet's team mate Deledda. Deledda waited for Bobet, and helped him to reach the Izoard. Bobet could save his energy, and when they reached the Izoard, he left Deledda behind. The tactics had worked, and Bobet won more than 12 minutes on Malléjac and took the yellow jersey. He extended his lead by winning the time trial in stage 20, thereby showing that he was not only a good climber but also a fine time trialist. At that point, the Dutch team was leading the team classification, and the Dutch and French team started to work together to keep their leading positions in the general and team classification.
For the finish in Paris, eleven former Tour de France winners were present: Maurice Garin (who won the 1903 edition), Gustave Garrigou (1911), Philippe Thys (1913, 1914 and 1920), Lucien Buysse (1926), André Leducq (1930 and 1932), Antonin Magne (1931 and 1934), Georges Speicher (1933), Romain Maes (1935), Sylvère Maes (1936 and 1939), Roger Lapébie (1937) and Ferdi Kübler (1950).
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. Of the 119 cyclists that started the 1953 Tour de France, 76 finished the race. The results showed that the pre-war greats were no longer dominant: all cyclists in the top ten had turned professional after the Second World War.
Points classification.
The points classification was introduced in 1953, following the calculation method from the Tours de France from 1905 to 1912. Points were given according to the ranking of the stage: the winner received one points, the next cyclist two points, and so on. These points were added, and the cyclist with the least points was the leader of the points classification. In 1953, this was won by Fritz Schär.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was almost the same as in 1952: there were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 6 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Jesus Lorono won this classification.
Team classification.
The calculation of the team classification was changed from the calculation in 1952. In 1953, it was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the Dutch team, with a small margin over the French team.
South West France did not finish with three cyclists so was not eligible for the team classification.
Other awards.
The prize for best regional cyclist was won by second-placed Malléjac. Dutch Wout Wagtmans won the combativity award, the first time that it was given.
Aftermath.
The 1953 Tour de France had two young rider making their debuts, Charly Gaul and André Darrigade. Gaul would later win the 1958 Tour de France, and Darrigade would win 22 stages in total, and win the points classification twice.
It was the last Tour that Gino Bartali rode. Bartali started eight Tours, and won two of them.
The winner of the 1953 Tour, Bobet, would also win the next two editions, and became the first rider to win three consecutive Tours.

</doc>
<doc id="5912484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912484" title="Jean-Guy Carignan">
Jean-Guy Carignan

Jean-Guy Carignan BA, MBA (born 3 May 1941 in Victoriaville, Quebec) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 2000 to 2004. He was an administrator by career.
Carignan joined the 37th Canadian Parliament on 27 November 2000 after being elected a Liberal member for the Quebec East electoral district.
On his election day, however, he was charged with offences relating to a hit and run incident on 3 October 2000. He pleaded guilty to these charges on 6 November 2001 and was sentenced to a partial house arrest and 100 hours of community service that allowed him to attend the House of Commons. He resigned from the Liberal party on 14 December 2001 and continued as an independent member of Parliament.
He declared himself an "Independent Liberal" for a year, beginning 7 October 2002. On 8 October 2003 he rejoined the Liberal party for two days, with Jean Chrétien calling for his resignation after it was learned he did not yet complete his sentence for his 2001 conviction.
Further controversy ensued following a mailing of 2000 Christmas cards featuring a picture of Carignan with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. Groups such as the Canadian Jewish Congress and the B'nai B'rith Canada’s League for Human Rights condemned the MP's choice of seasonal greetings.
With the Quebec East riding boundaries redistributed in 2003, Carignan contested the Louis-Saint-Laurent electoral district in the 2004 federal election as an independent candidate but finished in sixth place while Bernard Cleary of the Bloc Québécois won the riding.

</doc>
<doc id="5912494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912494" title="Kār Nāṟpatu">
Kār Nāṟpatu

Kar Narpathu(Tamil: கார் நாற்பது) is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature. This belongs to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Kar Narpathu" contains forty poems written by the poet Kannankoothanaar who lived in Madurai. 
The poems of "Kar Narpathu" deal with the "agam" (internal) subjects. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. Most of the poems of "Kar Narpathu" are in the form of the heroine being consoled by her friend by describing the beauties of the rainy season (the Tamil word "Kar" means rain).

</doc>
<doc id="5912503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912503" title="Code Age Brawls">
Code Age Brawls

Gameplay.
The gameplay of "Code Age Brawls" is focused on collecting and using colored badges in a contest similar to rock-paper-scissors. Battles consist of five rounds, in each of which the player and their opponent each select a badge to play. Once both players have made a selection, the badges are revealed, and the winner does damage to the opposing player based on the difference between their levels. The badge colors are ranked in power from highest to lowest as yellow, red, blue, purple, and gray. If players play the same color they both attack, and if one player's color is higher only they attack. Players may choose to not play a badge in order to save it for later rounds; if both players do not play a badge then neither attacks. 
"Code Age Brawls" is a subscription-based game, where players must pay a monthly fee in order to continue to be able to access the game.
In April 2006, four months after the game was released, Square Enix added the ability to battle other players in addition to the AI. The Battle Arena, an area of the game that allowed three versus three matches between the player and a computer-controlled opponent, was modified to allow matches between two real players.
Story.
The game is set in the same world as "". The two games were released within months of each other as part of Square Enix's system of "polymorphic" content, which they defined as "multiple game releases from a single franchise on different platforms at the same time". Like "Code Age Commanders", "Brawl" is set in an "intraglobular world" (球内世界, kyuunai sekai?), a fictional hollow world similar to a Dyson sphere, with people living on its internal surface. The center of the sphere is occupied by the Central Code, a spherical structure which goes through a transformation called Reborn about every ten thousand years, destroying all life on the globe and allowing for the birth of a new one.
The game begins near the end of a Central Code cycle, with the humans under attack by Otellos; a new, warped species which possesses humans to turn them into mindless puppets named Coded, although for some people the possession instead turns them into powerful, free-willed creatures called Warheads. The game follows a human who has attempted to become a Coded in order to survive the Reborn, but is instead turned into a Warhead, although an incomplete one. As such, she must battle Coded in order to steal their bodies, as hers continually falls apart.

</doc>
<doc id="5912506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912506" title="The Lump">
The Lump

The Lump is a short animated film released in 1991. It tells the story of an unattractive and unpopular man named George. One day, a lump appears on his head that looks like an attractive face. By pretending the lump is his real face, he gains fame and fortune, but soon he gets into trouble when he enters into the company of several corrupt politicians.
A National Film Board of Canada film, "The Lump" was written and directed by John Weldon. Harvey Atkin contributed the voice. It was nominated for a Genie Award in 1992
and won the Gordon Bruce Award for Humor at the Ottawa International Animation Festival in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5912521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912521" title="The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada Museum">
The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada Museum

The Queens Own Cameron Highlanders Museum is a military museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The museum located at the Minto Armoury is dedicated to Manitoba's famous Scottish regiment, The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada, which was first raised in 1910. 
History.
The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada served with distinction in World War I, providing 5 battalions in the Canadian Expeditionary Force (the 16th, 27th, 43rd, 174th and 179th). The Regiment also participated in the 1942 Dieppe Raid and throughout northwest Europe in World War II.
Collections.
The museum displays artifacts and photographs of The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada Regiment.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with the CMA, CHIN, OMMC, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5912536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912536" title="Rockford Pro-Am Golf Tournament">
Rockford Pro-Am Golf Tournament

The Rockford Pro-Am Golf Tournament, also known as the Rockford ProAm, is a one day tournament featuring golf professionals, sponsors and amateur golf enthusiasts in order to raise funds for special organizations. It is the longest free-standing pro-am (not attached to the PGA or LPGA) event in the United States. It is held on the second Monday of July, which will directly follow the 2008 John Deere Classic, and is currently hosted by the Forest Hills Country Club in Rockford, Illinois. More commonly known as just the Rockford Pro-Am, the event celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2007.
There are 31 professionals are teamed up with teams of four amateurs. The professionals will vye for the professional title while their scores are added to the total of the teams they belong to award the team title. There was a three way tie for the team title in 2006. There was also a tie for the professional title with Alex Aragon and Jason Bohn with a 6 under par 66. They were followed by Kenny Perry and D.J. Trahan at 5 under par 67.
2008 will have 2003 champion and 2008 John Deere Classic Champion Kenny Perry and 2006 Co-Champion Alex Aragon participating.
History.
The pro-am was started as a fund raiser for the three Rockford area hospitals in 1977 - Rockford Memorial Hospital, St. Anthony Hospital and SwedishAmerican Hospital and was initially hosted by the Rockford Country Club from 1977-1996. This was changed to being a benefit for non-profit organizations, three picked per year by the organizers.
Many celebrities and professional golfers have come to the event. For a few years in the early 1980s, comedian and ultimate golf enthusiast Bob Hope would come to entertain at a benefit gala at the then-newly opened MetroCentre the play in the pro-am the next day. Other entertainers who participated included Hope's long-time friend and fellow comedian George Burns and the star of TV's Wonder Woman Lynda Carter.
Other pros who made appearances include Gary Player, Chi Chi Rodriguez, Jim Thorpe, Lee Trevino and LPGA veteran Nancy Lopez.
TV Coverage.
13 WREX broadcasts live from Forest Hills during the newscasts and produces a coverage program in the afternoon.

</doc>
<doc id="5912555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912555" title="Fei (surname)">
Fei (surname)

Fei () is a traditional Chinese surname. It is ranked 65th in the Hundred Family Surnames.
This surname has three main sources. Two of them are from the state of Lu during the Spring and Autumn period (722–481 bc), part of present-day Shandong province. A senior official of the state of Lu was granted a city named Fei, while the son of a certain duke was granted a county named Fei. Both of these place names were adopted by descendants as surnames. A third source of the name is Fei Zhong, a high minister of the Yin Dynasty(1401–1122 bc).

</doc>
<doc id="5912559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912559" title="Ted Bulley">
Ted Bulley

Edward Harold Bulley (born March 25, 1955 in Windsor, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
Drafted in 1975 by both the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League and the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association, Bulley played for the Black Hawks, Washington Capitals, and Pittsburgh Penguins. He also played one season for the Baltimore Skipjacks of the American Hockey League before retiring from active play.
In 414 NHL games, Bulley had 101 goals and 113 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="5912566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912566" title="Keller Independent School District">
Keller Independent School District

The Keller Independent School District is a K-12 public school district based in Keller, Texas (USA). It serves more than 31,000 students and operated 41 schools in the 2011-2012 school year. In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency. In 2011, the district was rated "Academically Acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Demographics.
The district covers in northeastern Tarrant County, including most of the city of Keller and much of the northeastern portion of Fort Worth and concluding its neighboring city Haltom City. It also serves small parts of northwest Colleyville, northern North Richland Hills, far western Southlake, far northern Watauga, far southern Roanoke, and western Westlake. This is a fast-growing area, with about 2,800 new homes being built in the district every year, and enrollment is rising more than 2,000 students annually. To keep up, the district has built 10 new schools since 2002, with two more planned.
Schools.
Schools are listed with the cities they are located in, which sometimes differ from the cities of their mailing addresses.

</doc>
<doc id="5912570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912570" title="Fear a' Bhàta">
Fear a' Bhàta

Fear a' Bhàta (translated "The boatman") is a Scots Gaelic song from the late 19th century, written by Sìne NicFhionnlaigh (Jean Finlayson) of Tong who was courting a young fisherman from Uig, Dòmhnall MacRath. The song captures the emotions that she endured during their courtship. The part of the story that is rarely told is that they were married not long after she composed the song.
Lyrics.
There are many versions of the lyrics and of the melody:
Versions.
Many different artists have produced versions of this song, including the following album releases:

</doc>
<doc id="5912575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912575" title="Bee sting (disambiguation)">
Bee sting (disambiguation)

Bee sting is the sting from a bee.
Bee sting and similar may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912593" title="Comal blind salamander">
Comal blind salamander

The Comal blind salamander or Honey Creek Cave blind salamander (Eurycea tridentifera) is a small species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States. It is endemic to a small region at the junction of Comal, Bexar and Kendall Counties in Texas. It is 1.5 to 3.0 in long, with a slender body and external gills, and is an overall translucent pink color.
Conservation status.
The Comal blind salamander is listed as a threatened species in the state of Texas. Due to its extremely limited geographic range, its primary threat is contamination of the water sources in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5912597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912597" title="Richard Huck">
Richard Huck

Richard Huck is a retired United States Marine Corps officer. Huck served as Commanding General of the 2nd Marine Division from 2004 until June 16, 2006. Huck is currently serving as Assistant Deputy Commandant for Plans, Policies and Operations, Headquarters Marine Corps.
Career.
Role in the Haditha massacre.
U.S. Marine Corps Commandant Michael Hagee visited Iraq following "Time" magazine's report of an atrocity in Haditha. "Time" reported that a squad of U.S. Marines from the 2nd Regiment, 2nd Marine Division had reacted to a colleague's death from a hidden land mine by killing 24 unarmed civilians. 
The unit involved was more specifically 3rd Battalion, 1st Marines, normally assigned to the 1st Marine Division, however, at the time of the incident they had been temporarily attached to 2nd Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division to strengthen the ongoing Marine operations in theater. In being assigned as such, they fell under the command of Huck.
U.S. Army Lieutenant General Peter W. Chiarelli, the second-in-command in Iraq, directed an inquiry into failures of leadership in the Marine command structure.
The "Los Angeles Times" reported, on July 9, 2006, that Huck retired from the Marine Corps on June 19, 2006. DoD spokesmen said that Huck's retirement had nothing to do with Hagee's visit to Iraq, that Huck's retirement had been previously scheduled, and that its announcement following Hagee's visit or the conclusion of Chiarelli's inquiry was just a coincidence. As of June 2006, Huck is serving as Assistant Deputy Commandant for Plans, Policies and Operations, Headquarters Marine Corps.
Role in the Ilario Pantano shooting incident.
Lieutenant Ilario Pantano was a platoon commander in 2nd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division. In April 2004 the Marines launched their first assault on the city of Fallujah. The assault was planned and conducted by military commanders after insurgent activity had been growing in that city for months. The climax of the enemy activity just prior to the assault was the ambush, burning and desecration of four American "private military contractors" from Blackwater Security, by an angry mob fueled by insurgents.
It was during this period of heightened enemy activity that Pantano and his Marines were dispatched to a housing compound to search for a bomb workshop. After arriving at the compound, a weapons cache and a vehicle with bomb compartments were found at the reported location along with two military age males. It was these two unarmed Iraqi detainees that Pantano shot under unclear circumstances. The shooting was found to be justified at the time and the incident was closed. Five months later, Pantano's chain of command was notified of an accusation by a Marine that had been demoted by Pantano and the matter was forwarded to the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) for further invesitgation. Pantano acknowledge that he shot the captured Iraqis with four dozen bullets, because he wanted "to send a message" after the detainees had refused repeated commands to stop moving toward him. After the shooting, Pantano scrawled a warning which he placed on the vehicle near the bodies. He removed the sign shortly thereafter. 
At the conclusion of the NCIS investigation, Pantano was found not guilty of the charges of premeditated murder. The initial investigation began while Pantano's unit was under the command of the 1st Marine Division - a temporary command relationship relating to troop rotation cycles. However, by the NCIS investigation's conclusion, 2nd Battalion 2nd Marines had reverted to the 2d Marine Division - its permanent home. Of significance, by the time the NCIS investigation was concluded, the second assault and seizure of Fallujah had already occurred in November 2004. This now presented an opportunity to return to the scene of the incident, gather any additional evidence and locate additional Iraqi witnesses; as well as exhume the corpses for forensic examination. This was an opportunity NCIS had not been able to execute freely as the area had been under insurgent control during their inquiry. Huck then appointed major Mark Winn, as the command investigating officer, to conduct an additional investigation as per the Manual of the Judge Advocate General, otherwise known as a "JAGMAN". As per the manual, Winn's findings would include recommendations whether Pantano's case should be referred to a court martial based on the NCIS investigation and any additional factual evidence encountered during this inquiry.
Winn recommended that the murder charges be dropped, because he did not find the prosecution's key witness credible. But he also recommended that Pantano be held responsible for the sign he left on the vehicle. After reviewing the evidence gathered by all the investigations, Major General Huck dropped the murder charge and did not accept the recommendation to administratively discipline Pantano.

</doc>
<doc id="5912620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912620" title="Islam in the Republic of Macedonia">
Islam in the Republic of Macedonia

Muslims in the Republic of Macedonia form roughly one quarter of the nation's total population. Some northwestern and western regions of the country have Muslim majorities. A large majority of all the Muslims in the country are ethnic Albanians, with the rest being primarily Turks, Romani, Bosniaks or Torbeš.
Population.
Ethnicity.
Albanian Muslims, forming roughly 25% of the nation's total population and most of the Muslim population, live mostly in the Polog and western regions of the country. The Turks, who make up about 4% of the country's total population, are scattered throughout the country, but mostly in major cities, as are Roma Muslims. Bosniaks are mostly concentrated within Skopje. Muslims of Macedonian ethnicity number roughly 40,000 to 100,000 and can be found in western Macedonia in the Centar Župa, Debar, Struga and Plasnica areas.
Historical population.
The following table shows the Muslim population and percentage for each given year. The Muslim percentage in Macedonia consistently decreased from 1904 to 1961 but began to rise again, reaching 33.33% in 2002. The Muslim population is projected to continue growing, comprising an estimated 40.3% of the Macedonian population by 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="5912631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912631" title="Detonator (Worlds of Fun)">
Detonator (Worlds of Fun)

Detonator is a Space Shot ride at Worlds of Fun in Kansas City, Missouri. It made history as the first Space Shot ride in the United States, as well as the first in the world to have a twin-tower form. Detonator launches riders 150 feet in the air only to fall right back down.

</doc>
<doc id="5912643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912643" title="Several">
Several


</doc>
<doc id="5912659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912659" title="Islam in Luxembourg">
Islam in Luxembourg

Muslims in Luxembourg are a super-minority together with: Protestants, Orthodox Christians, and Jews. Since 2008, Islam is legally recognized in the country.
According to the NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) report, there are about 4,000 Muslims in Luxembourg. Up until the 1970s, the Muslim population was quite small. In the mid-1970s, the Muslim population counted only 300 people, going up to over 3,000 by the mid-1990s. Since then, the population has doubled due to asylum-seekers from former Yugoslavia, mostly Bosniaks. These asylum-seekers were never expected to stay more than a few years. 
Before the 1960s, Muslims were relatively unheard of in Luxembourg, but as with other surrounding countries, they arrived and gradually the religion spread throughout the country. Today there are currently six mosques in Luxembourg: Mamer (which is also home to the Islamic cultural centre), Niederkorn, Esch-sur-Alzette, Wiltz, Diekirch and Luxembourg City (Avenue de la Gare) and it is estimated that about 10.000 to 12.000 Muslims reside in the Grand-Duchy. This means that Islam is now the second religion in Luxembourg, after Catholicism. However, this ranking is just an estimate, and is not corroborated. Further, it is unsure if all of these Muslims are citizens or not.

</doc>
<doc id="5912669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912669" title="Aintiṇai Aimpatu">
Aintiṇai Aimpatu

Ainthinai Aimpathu(Tamil: ஐந்திணை ஐம்பது) is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the "Pathinenkilkanakku" anthology of Tamil literature. This belongs to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. "Ainthinai Aimpathu" contains fifty poems written by the poet Kannankoothanaar who lived in Madurai. 
The poems of, "Ainthinai Aimpathu", deal with the "agam" (internal) subjects. "Agam" in the Sangam literature denotes the subject matters that deal with the intangibles of life such as human emotions, love, separation, lovers' quarrels, etc. The poems of "Ainthinai Aimpathu" are categories into ten poems for each of the five "thinai", or landscape of Sangam poetry and describe in detail the situation and emotions specific to each landscape. The five landscapes of Sangam poetry are "mullai" – forest, "kurinji" – mountains, "marutham" – farmland, "paalai" – arid land and "neithal" – seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="5912681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912681" title="Yoko gake">
Yoko gake

, is one of the original 40 throws of Judo as developed by Jigoro Kano. It belongs to the fifth group, Gokyo, of the traditional throwing list, Gokyo (no waza), of Kodokan Judo. It is also part of the current 67 Throws of Kodokan Judo. It is classified as a side sacrifice technique, Yoko-sutemi. Considered one of the techniques most dangerous for the Uke, its use in competition is infrequent, contributing to the risk is the fact that Uke does not have sufficient space to dissipate the impact of the fall adequately. Another contributing factor is the necessity for Uke to compensate in order to achieve proper rotation in executing the breakfall, if the Uke does not succeed in meeting these criteria, the force of the impact can be severe, even to the point of possible spinal injury. For these reasons, the technique is generally reserved expert Judoka.
Technique description.
Ideal conditions for Yoko-gake include; a slight imbalance toward the front, simultaneous, coordinated action with Uke’s advancing foot. Tori initiates the throw by stepping to the same side as Uke’s advance, and rotating 90 degrees to a perpendicular position with Uke. To complete the throw Tori must lift the advanced leg, hooking and sweeping it with their own, in order to disrupt Uke’s balance, while simultaneously dropping themselves to the ground, consequently throwing Uke in the process. 
Similar Techniques.
Depending on the execution of Yoko-gake, it can be viewed as a sacrifice varriation on any of the following trip throws, 

</doc>
<doc id="5912685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912685" title="Story (Amorphis album)">
Story (Amorphis album)

Story: 10th Anniversary is a "best of" compilation by Finnish heavy metal band Amorphis. It was released in 2000 to commemorate the band's tenth anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="5912691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912691" title="Kinka Beach, Queensland">
Kinka Beach, Queensland

Kinka Beach is a small coastal settlement on the Capricorn Coast in the Australian state of Queensland. It is situated on the banks of Kinka Creek, about six kilometres north of Emu Park and seventeen kilometres south of Yeppoon. It is within the local government area of Shire of Livingstone (between 2008 and 2013, it was within the Rockhampton Region). At the 2006 census, Kinka Beach had a population of 621.
History.
Kinka Beach is the traditional land of the Darumbal Aboriginal tribe, as is all of the Capricornia region.
The land including the settlement was originally part of a pastoral lease, but limited development took place after a coastal road linking Emu Park and Yeppoon was made during the 1930s. It was not until the 1960s, however, that substantial residential development took place.
Prior to Local Government Amalgamations in 2008, the Capricorn Coast was administered by Livingstone Shire Council. From 2008 to 2013, it became part of Rockhampton Region. From 2014, the Shire of Livingstone was re-established and now administers Kinka Beach.
Community.
Today, Kinka Beach consists of about half a dozen streets lined mainly with modern homes wedged between the Scenic Highway and the beach.
Most Kinka Beach residents enjoy pristine and unimpeded views of the world renowned Great Keppel Island. Their unspoilt beach is just metres from their modern homes.
The area is entirely residential except for one small shop. There is also a caravan park and three motels (Kinka Palms Beachfront Apartments / Motel, Sunlover Lodge, and Kinka Kippa). Many of the residents are retired, whilst others commute to work in Emu Park, Yeppoon or Rockhampton. Kinka Beach is linked to all three centres by a bus service which runs on weekdays.

</doc>
<doc id="5912700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912700" title="Hastings Highlands">
Hastings Highlands

Hastings Highlands is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario.
Located in the northernmost portion of Hastings County, the township had a population of 4,168 in the 2011 Canadian census.
Communities.
The township's administrative and commercial centre is the community of Maynooth, located at the junction of Highway 62 and Highway 127 north of Bancroft.
The township also comprises the communities of Baptiste, Combermere, Bell Rapids, Birds Creek, Centreview, Graphite, Greenview, Hickey Settlement, Hughes, Hybla, Lake St. Peter, Maple Leaf, Maynooth Station, McAlpine Corners, McGarry Flats, Monteagle Valley, Musclow, Purdy, Scotch Bush, Scott Settlement and York River.
History.
Maynooth Station was a railway station on the Canadian National Railways, originally established in 1907 by the Central Ontario Railway to serve the Maynooth area, later acquired by Canadian Northern Railway and CNR. A few residences are located near the station. This section of railway was abandoned in 1984. Maynooth Station was 15.83 rail miles north of Bancroft and 7.91 miles by rail, northward to Lake St. Peter, and 15.87 miles to end of track.
The current municipality of Hastings Highlands was incorporated on January 1, 2001, by amalgamating the former townships of Bangor, Wicklow and McClure, Herschel and Monteagle.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Mother tongue:
Culture.
Each year on the Labour Day weekend Maynooth hosts a festival called 'Maynooth Madness' which includes the loggers games featuring local talents such as log-slicing with chainsaws and skidder operating competition.
In 2008, a group has formed with the intent of restoring the Maynooth Station and creating an interpretive centre therein.
Lake St. Peter's economy is primarily based on tourism. One of the OFSC snowmobile trails passes through the community.
The lake also brings tourism to the area in the summer. Currently the community supports two restaurants, two churches, a hardware store, Lake St. Peter Provincial Park, a general store and a post office.

</doc>
<doc id="5912705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912705" title="X Brands">
X Brands

X Brands (July 24, 1927 – May 8, 2000), sometimes credited as Jay X. Brands, was an American actor of German ancestry known for his roles in television series and some films. His best known role was that of "Pahoo-Ka-Ta-Wah" ("Wolf who stands in water"), the shotgun-toting Indian companion on the 1958 CBS western series "Yancy Derringer", with Jock Mahoney in the starring role.
In 1956, Brands appeared in different roles in fifteen episodes of the syndicated western series, "Judge Roy Bean", starring Edgar Buchanan, Jack Buetel, and Jackie Loughery.
Background.
Although Brands was of European ancestry, his portrayals of American Indians earned praise for their authenticity. Brummett Echohawk, a spokesman for the Pawnee Indians, wrote a letter to Hollywood producers in which he commended Brands for his authentic performance and his ability at speaking the tribe's language.
Brands's unusual first name comes from his family's history. In the small town in Germany, where Brands's ancestors had lived, there were two men named Jan Brands. One of them added the middle initial "X" to distinguish himself. He became known as "X" Brands, and the name was continued with his descendants in America. The family tradition was that no one could use the initial until the previous "X" had died.
Brands was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He moved to Hollywood and appeared in ten films between 1956 and 1978. The most noteworthy was "Santee" (1973), a story of a western sheriff who adopts the son of the man he had killed. Brands also worked as a stunt man.
Career.
Best known role.
"Yancy Derringer" aired 34 episodes from October 1958 through June 1959, with Jock Mahoney in the title role. The series is set in New Orleans, Louisiana. X Brands played "Pahoo-Ka-Ta-Wah," a tall Pawnee Indian with a double-barrel shotgun who was Derringer's constant companion. Although it has been claimed that Derringer had gained Pahoo's loyalty after saving the Indian's life, the series' pilot episode offers the opposite story, as Derringer recounts that he had been saved by Pahoo, who was now responsible for him. Derringer spoke to Pahoo, but Brands was silent, communicating only with hand gestures or an occasional word of Pawnee.
Other notable roles.
Brands always played supporting characters in films. His most noteworthy roles were "Hook" in "Santee", with Glenn Ford, and the second remake of "Beau Geste" (1966), in which he played "Vallejo".
His television appearances covered a similar time frame. He guest-starred on "Crossroads", "Annie Oakley", "Gunsmoke", "The Tall Man", "Daniel Boone", "", "The High Chaparral", "Laredo", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Bonanza", "Wagon Train", "The Rifleman", "Rawhide", and "Broken Arrow". He did not always play Indians or appear in westerns, though most of his roles were of this kind. He appeared in the episode "The Indian Affairs Affair" of the NBC espionage series, "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." Brands appeared in the speaking role of "Yancey" in an episode of "Sergeant Preston of the Yukon", a popular series in the late 1950s.
On April 28, 1960, X Brands had a rare talking role as trail boss Jeb Mitchell on NBC's "Bat Masterson". He also had a speaking role in the ABC/Warner Brothers western series "Cheyenne" in the episode "Massacre At Gunsight Pass". He played an Indian leader named Powderface. He also had a speaking role in an episode of NBC's "Adam-12" in which he played Officer Sanchez.
Death.
Brands died in Northridge, California in Los Angeles County, California, in the spring of 2000 at the age of seventy-two.

</doc>
<doc id="5912708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912708" title="Tamika Mkandawire">
Tamika Mkandawire

Tamika Paul Mkandawire (born 28 May 1983) is a footballer, currently playing for the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League.
Early life.
Born in Mzuzu, Mkandawire came to England aged three, with his English mother and Malawian father and was brought up in Rugby, Warwickshire. He later attended Harris High School in Rugby from 1995–1999.
Career.
Mkandawire was a trainee at West Brom for five seasons but did not make an appearance for the first team due to the lack of opportunities at the club at the time. Albion released him in 2004 after winning promotion to the Premier League.
Hereford United.
Having had two loan spells with Hereford United in the 2003–04 season, he signed permanently for them for the 2004–05 season. Prior to this he had a trial in the United States with New England Revolution.
He was a first team regular at centre-back in the 2004–05 season making the most appearances of all the central defenders in the squad. He also chipped in with six goals, more than any other defender that season. This consistency continued into the 2005–06 season where he missed only four matches, and scored nine goals. When club captain Tony James was injured, Mkandawire took the captain's armband and led Hereford to the playoff final, scoring in the crucial semi-final against Morecambe. He lifted the trophy after a 3–2 win over Halifax and was subsequently named Player of the Year, for the second season in succession.
For the 2006–07 season he was named as team captain for Hereford's first season back in the Football League. He was a regular in Hereford's defence, scoring twice in the league, and his solid performances had led to speculation over him moving to a bigger club. Despite an improved contract offer in December 2006, which reportedly would have made him the highest earner in the club's history, he decided that his future lay elsewhere.
Leyton Orient.
On 6 June 2007 he signed a three-year deal with Leyton Orient, who had previously seen a £60,000 bid rejected. Dubbed one of the best young centre backs in the Football League, he made his Orient debut in a 2–1 win at Southend United on 11 August 2007. Three weeks later, on 1 September, Mkandawire scored his first goal for the club – and Orient's 5000th in league football – in a 2–2 draw with Northampton Town. His performance in Orient's 1–0 home win over Bournemouth on 8 September 2007 earned him a place in the League One Team of the Week.
Millwall.
On 16 June 2010 Millwall F.C. acquired Mkandawire's services until 30 June 2012 on a free transfer. He has adapted to playing a new defensive holding midfield role for Millwall, switching from his usual central defence position. He scored his first goal for The Lions on 10 December 2010, in a 1–1 draw against Swansea City. Mkandawire was named Millwall's Player of the Year for 2011, garnering 44% of the vote and playing for the majority of the year in a new defensive midfield/centre back role.
Shrewsbury Town.
Mkandawire joined Shrewsbury Town in League One on a free transfer on 1 July 2013 following his release from Millwall. He was named Club Captain by manager Graham Turner, and made his Shrewsbury debut against MK Dons on 3 August 2013. Following Shrewsbury's relegation, Mkandawire was released on 2 June 2014, having come to an agreement with the club to end his contract early.
Tampa Bay Rowdies.
The North American Soccer League's Tampa Bay Rowdies signed Mkandawire on 4 July 2014, along with Argentine striker Luciano Olguín. General manager Perry Van der Beck hopes Mkandawire will add poise and experience to the Rowdies' back line.
Career statistics.
"Last updated 27 April 2014."
"Other" column denotes performances in Football League Trophy
International career.
He holds a United Kingdom citizenship and has played for the English semi-professional team. Malawi does not allow dual citizenship therefore Tamika is currently ineligible to play for Malawi at full international level.
Personal life.
Mkandawire is an active fundraiser for charity work in Malawi and in January 2009, he became Ambassador for Sue Ryder international. In March 2012, Tamika won the 'PFA Player in the Community' award at the Football League Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5912709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912709" title="KBDI-TV">
KBDI-TV

KBDI-TV is a PBS member television station in Denver, Colorado and reaches over 80% of Colorado's population. The station, known on-air as Colorado Public Television or CPT12, is licensed to Broomfield, with studios in the Five Points neighborhood just northeast of downtown Denver. It broadcasts a digital signal on channel 13, which remaps to channel 12 (the former analog channel) via PSIP. Its transmitting antenna is located at 3508 m (11,509 ft) on Squaw Mountain, just west of Evergreen in Clear Creek County, which makes it the highest full-power television transmitting antenna in the United States. The station also operates low-powered translators in Boulder and Colorado Springs, and has gained cable viewership on the Western Slope. CPT12 does not yet broadcast in high definition.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
KBDI-TV shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 12, on February 17, 2009, the original date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition VHF channel 13. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 12.
History.
In 1977, a small group of community leaders formed the Front Range Educational Media Corporation (FREMCO) and applied for the channel 12 license, the other educational license in the Denver market. In 1979, the FCC granted the license to FREMCO and on February 22, 1980, Channel 12 went on the air, initially broadcasting from a garage and using a juice can as a transmitting antenna. The channel 12 slot was originally intended for the University of Colorado at Boulder, but was assigned to Broomfield-based FREMCO when the FCC’s plans for a Boulder-only station fell through.
In 1989, the station moved its offices and studios to Denver, and again in 1994 to its current Denver location in the Five Points neighborhood at the new Five Points Media Center. KBDI purchased the media center outright in 2006.
In the late 1990s, with the station expanding statewide through its network of low-powered repeaters and cable systems, the station phased out its usage of its call letters in its branding and started identifying as "Colorado Public Television - CPT12." Today, the station almost never mentions its call letters on air, except during station identifications.
KBDI is a member of PBS' Program Differentiation Plan (PDP), previously known as the "Beta" group. As the secondary PBS member station for the Denver area, it only airs 25 percent of the PBS schedule.
Topographic issues in a mountainous region.
The station's transmitter is located 16 miles due west of the western edge of the Denver metro area (as measured from State Highway C470 near Morrison). Several peaks of significant height exist between the antenna and the metro area, most notably Mount Morrison (7881 ft), Green Mountain (6856 ft), and Lookout Mountain (7581 ft). These peaks interrupt the clear line of sight from the antenna and create a coverage "shadow" for a significant part of the west metro suburbs, particularly Lakewood and Golden. The switch to VHF channel 13 in June 2009 did not address the coverage shadow, because the antenna location will remain the same. The 40% boost in power will improve digital signal strength to current viewers and it will extend the reach of the station's signal to more distant locations that have line-of-sight access to Squaw Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="5912726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912726" title="Dragoljub Brnović">
Dragoljub Brnović

Dragoljub Brnović is a former Montenegrin football player. He was born on 2 November 1963 in Montenegro, Yugoslavia. He played at the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy for the Yugoslav team, where he became notorious for missing one of the penalty kicks in the quarter-finals against Argentina, sending his team home.

</doc>
<doc id="5912733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912733" title="The World at Large">
The World at Large

"The World at Large" is the third promo release by indie rock band Modest Mouse. It was recorded in 2003 and was featured on their album "Good News for People Who Love Bad News". It was not until after the album's release that Isaac Brock and the band decided to release it as a promo. The song was featured in The OC in episode 7 of season 2.
Music video.
A music video for The World at Large was included on the Dualdisc edition of Good News for People Who Love Bad News. It is titled "Stiff Animal Fantasy" and was directed by Jason Foster. The video is a stop-motion film that features stuffed animal characters. It depicts a fox's interactions with other animals and eventually a human.

</doc>
<doc id="5912739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912739" title="Ocean Breathes Salty">
Ocean Breathes Salty

"Ocean Breathes Salty" is the second single released from Modest Mouse's album "Good News for People Who Love Bad News". 
There were two releases of the single. The first included the album version of "Ocean Breathes Salty", as well as a live studio recording of "Float On". The second release was an Enhanced CD, released on January 11, 2005. It included the original recording of the song, an additional live studio session of the song, the live version of "Float On", and finally the music video for "Ocean Breathes Salty". This single has been certified gold by the RIAA.
Music video.
The music video for "Ocean Breathes Salty" was directed by Chris Milk. The video shows a young boy finding a bird with a broken wing, which throughout the video becomes lead singer Isaac Brock. The boy patches up the bird and shows it to his mom, who is disgusted. She tries to take the bird away, and then the boy runs away and spends the night in a field with the bird where he dreams that he can play with it when it heals. When he wakes up, he finds that the bird has died, and he buries it. As he walks away, the band, all dressed up as animals, appear and finish the song, then disappear.
Other Recordings.
San Francisco folk rock band Sun Kil Moon recorded a cover version of Ocean Breathes Salty on their 2005 album Tiny Cities.

</doc>
<doc id="5912747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912747" title="Dakota Northern Railroad">
Dakota Northern Railroad

The Dakota Northern Railroad is a Class III short line railroad that operates over 72 miles (116 kilometres) of track in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of North Dakota.
The Dakota Northern Railroad, headquartered in Crookston, Minnesota, is co-owned by KBN Incorporated and Independent Locomotive Service.
As of 2006, the Dakota Northern Railroad employed 6 people. The primary commodities hauled included grain, coal, potato, fertilizers, and ethanol.
The railroad interchanges with the BNSF Railway in Grafton, North Dakota.
History.
The Dakota Northern Railroad was created in January 2006 after the BNSF Railway decided to lease approximately 72 miles (116 kilometres) of branch line trackage to KBN Incorporated and Independent Locomotive Service for an initial 10 year period.
The track leased to the Dakota Northern Railroad consists of an approximate 23 mile (37 kilometre) segment of the Glasston Subdivision between Grafton, North Dakota and Glasston, North Dakota as well as the approximate 49 mile (79 kilometre) Walhalla Subdivision between Grafton, North Dakota and Walhalla, North Dakota.
The piece of the Glasston Subdivision leased to the Dakota Northern Railroad is part of a segment of track that was once owned by the Great Northern Railway and extended from Grand Forks, North Dakota to Gretna, Manitoba. The Burlington Northern Railroad (a successor to the Great Northern Railway) abandoned the track to its current terminus of Glasston in 1993.
The Walhalla Subdivision was also once owned by the Great Northern Railway. The line extended from Grafton, North Dakota to Morden, Manitoba in the early 20th century, but was abandoned to the current terminus of Walhalla in 1936.
The Dakota Northern recently filed to abandon its Glasston Subdivision in eastern North Dakota, an 18-mile line that hasn't been used since the spring of 2009 due to bridge conditions.
Locomotive and Freight Car Fleet.
Dakota Northern Railroad co-owner Independent Locomotive Service supplies the railroad with two locomotives: an EMD GP10 lettered ILSX 1391, and another EMD GP10 lettered ILSX 1392. The GP10 locomotives feature the words "Independent Locomotive Service" on the long hood.
The locomotives have maroon paint with gold lettering. These colors also appear on the majority of locomotives operating on the Minnesota Northern Railroad, which is itself co-owned by the same two companies that co-own the Dakota Northern Railroad.
The railroad does not directly own or lease any freight cars. Instead, all of the freight cars it uses are provided by the BNSF Railway.
Stations on the Dakota Northern Railroad.
The Dakota Northern Railroad operates on track that goes through the following communities:

</doc>
<doc id="5912748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912748" title="Blanco blind salamander">
Blanco blind salamander

The Blanco blind salamander (Eurycea robusta) is a species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States. It is endemic to a small region of the Blanco River near San Marcos in Hays County, Texas. Its habitat, deep in limestone karst, makes collecting specimens for research particularly problematic. It is known from only a single specimen, collected in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="5912767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912767" title="Ailein duinn">
Ailein duinn

Ailein duinn ("Dark-haired Alan") is a traditional Scottish song for solo female voice, a lament that was written in Gàidhlig for Ailean Moireasdan ("Alan Morrison") by his fiancée, Annag Chaimbeul ("Annie Campbell"). In 1788, Ailean, a sailor, set off with his ship to Scalpay, Harris, where he and Annag would be married. In a tragic twist, the ship sailed into a storm and all on board were lost. Annag was devastated and lost her will to live, dying several months later. Her body was later discovered on the beach, not far from where Ailean's body was found. Before she died, Annag composed this lament for her lost love.
Lyrics.
There are many versions of the lyrics and of the melody; the following version was used in the film Rob Roy (the untranslated words are vocables):
Popular culture.
The song was sampled, somewhere around 2000, as a solo voice, with a very good interpretation, in a music library called ""Vocal Planet"" by Spectrasonics, making the a cappella version of the original song very accessible to lot of composers, this would be one of the reasons for which there are so many appearances in the media. The following is a list of songs, some of them using the sample of that music library, while others offer their own new interpretation:
Modern music.
Listen to the previous table as a "playlist on youtube"

</doc>
<doc id="5912774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912774" title="KDAO-LP">
KDAO-LP

KDAO-LP is a low-power television station in Marshalltown, Iowa, broadcasting locally on channel 45 as an affiliate of Retro Television Network. KDAO-LP is carried on Mediacom Cable channel 16.

</doc>
<doc id="5912783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912783" title="Over G Fighters">
Over G Fighters

Over G Fighters is an Xbox 360 video game developed by the Taito Corporation and released by Ubisoft on June 27, 2006 in North America.
The single player mode revolves around a group of multi-national fighter pilots in the fictional Energy Airforce in the near future. After terrorist outbreaks across the world threaten global security, these few brave pilots lead a spearhead assault against the terrorists. The characters are able to fly most modern day jets found in the Western arsenal, as well as several Russian and European fighter planes. Each character has their own attributes such as a specialty in European, modern, naval, and attack aircraft. The game has a somewhat lengthy campaign mode that lets players immerse themselves in the various theaters of war: dogfights, bombing strikes, secret missions, air support, and naval strike. Unlike other console flight-simulator games, "Over G Fighters" uses the real names of planes, as well as weapons. Their locations are also real and not a fictional country. Lastly, it allows real combat situations, running out of fuel, and weapons (in expert, hell, or arena mode).
Allied Forces Unit Names.
AIR FORCE:
Unicorn
Cougar
Drake
Warthog
Raptor
Gargoyle (player)
ARMY:
Dagger
Katana
Tortoise
NAVY:
Black Wolf
Steel Mace
Blue Ocean
Multiplayer.
The multiplayer mode can only be used when connected to Xbox Live. The game does not support split-screen local multiplayer modes. Over G Fighters has the following multiplayer modes:
Player Aircraft.
A-10A Thunderbolt II
OA-10A Thunderbolt II
F-35B Joint Strike Fighter
X-35C Joint Strike Fighter
F-1 Close Support Fighter
F-2A Close Support Fighter
F-2B Close Support Fighter
F-14A Tomcat
F-14B Tomcat
F-15C Eagle
F-15D Eagle
F-15E Strike Eagle
F-15J Eagle
F-15DJ Eagle
F-16C Fighting Falcon
F-16AM Fighting Falcon
F-117A Nighthawk
F/A-18A Hornet
F/A-18C Hornet
TF-18A Hornet
F/A-18E Super Hornet
F/A-18F Super Hornet
F-22A Raptor
MiG-29A Fulcrum
MiG-29S Fulcrum
MiG-29G Fulcrum
Su-27 Flanker 
Su-33 Flanker
JAS39A Gripen
JAS39C Gripen
Reception.
Critical reception.
Over G Fighters has received generally unfavorable reviews, criticising all aspects of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="5912814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912814" title="Edward Lazarus">
Edward Lazarus

Edward Lazarus (born September 9, 1959) is a lawyer and writer. He currently serves executive vice president and the general counsel for the Tribune Corporation, following its exit from bankruptcy. He served as Chief of Staff of the Federal Communications Commission from June 2008 to January 2012. He went to the FCC from the Los Angeles office of the law firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, where he was the head of litigation for the renowned firm. 
He is best known as the author of "Closed Chambers," a controversial look at the inner workings of the Supreme Court. His first book, "Black Hills, White Justice," was about the legal history of the Sioux Nation's land claims against the United States for compensation for the Black Hills — for which his father, Arthur Lazarus, Jr. was a principal attorney — culminating in the United States Supreme Court's ruling in "United States v. Sioux Nation of Indians". 
Lazarus was a law clerk for Justice Harry Blackmun from 1988 to 1989. Lazarus graduated from Yale University in 1981 and Yale Law School in 1987. From 2004 to April 2009, he wrote a regular column for FindLaw, and he appeared as a guest expert on legal affairs for several television and radio stations.

</doc>
<doc id="5912818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912818" title="Zattoo">
Zattoo

Zattoo is an Internet Protocol Television system, with offices located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and in Zurich, Switzerland. It is available on computer, iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad and runs on the operating systems Windows XP, Windows Vista, Mac OS X and Linux.
History.
Zattoo was created to stream the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland. On 20 April 2007, Zattoo launched in Denmark with ten channels and started piloting in the United Kingdom. On 4 October 2007, Zattoo reached one million registered users in Europe.
Zattoo has been available in Spain since 10 June 2007. Zattoo has been available in France since 16 January 2008.
On 5 August 2008, Zattoo asked its Spanish users for a €2.40 charge by SMS in order to continue with the service during August and September. In March 2009, Zattoo removed its services from Belgium in an attempt to keep its costs down. Despite this removal of services from Belgium, Zattoo would return if it found a suitable marketing partner.
In May 2009, lawyers for Universal and Warner Bros. instigated legal proceedings against Zattoo claiming that the Swiss website - which rebroadcasts a number of television stations live online - is adding advertising to films that are shown on German TV via its online service. In June 2009, UK country manager Alex Guest, left Zattoo to launch TV Pixie.
On 23 April 2010, Zattoo dropped all the BBC channels from their UK channel list, after ongoing pressure from the BBC to remove them. On 15 June 2010, Zattoo dropped ITV1, Channel 4 and Five from their UK channel list, leaving none of the main UK channels; however, ITV's Northern Ireland (UTV) and Scottish (STV) franchises, as well as the Welsh Channel 4 (S4C), remain.
Availability.
Devices.
Zattoo services are available from a web browser or dedicated applications. The web product functions with any browser that supports Flash. Smartphone applications are available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone. A Windows 8 application can be downloaded from the Windows Store. Applications also exist for set-top boxes, video game consoles and connected TVs. Some applications are restricted to specific countries.
Countries.
The service is currently restricted to Switzerland, Denmark, Spain, Germany, Norway (closed again in 2008), United Kingdom and France, but was in 2007 expected to expand to other European countries, (with Austria and Poland being at the top of that list) then to Canada and the US while adding fee-based channels to its list. It is also designed to only allow specific audiences to watch specific channels, thanks to geolocation of the IP address assigned to the user's computer (hence the restriction to a few countries for the time being).
On 19 December 2009, the Audiovisual Media Services Directive regarding watching TV online from other EU countries came into force. This does not affect Zattoo or other P2PTV providers at all, since the directive only changes the jurisdiction where a country does not allow the reception of a foreign TV channel due to different laws. But the reason why P2PTV channels are not available all over the EU is not that the country of the viewer would not allow it, but that the TV channel itself cannot allow it due to licensing restrictions of the TV programs.
Channels.
Channels available in Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="5912825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912825" title="Typewriting Behavior">
Typewriting Behavior

"Typewriting Behavior" is a book by August Dvorak, Nellie Merrick, William Dealey and Gertrude Ford. It was published in 1936 by the American Book Company. It is currently out of print but can be found in most major libraries.
The book is a study on the psychology of typing. It gives a scientific approach to teaching and learning typewriting, from personalities to patterns and machine effects. It gives an in depth overview on the subject of typing.
This book also introduced the Dvorak Simplified Keyboard.

</doc>
<doc id="5912826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912826" title="Nebraska Coliseum">
Nebraska Coliseum

The University of Nebraska Coliseum (also called the NU Coliseum or The Coliseum) was the home of Nebraska Cornhuskers volleyball. It was an on-campus arena at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in Lincoln, Nebraska. Located East of Memorial Stadium, the arena opened in 1926 for the basketball team; the first game was a loss to Kansas. The basketball team played in the arena until 1976, when they moved into the Bob Devaney Sports Center. For many years, the state's high school basketball tournament championships were held in the Coliseum, until the Devaney Center was completed. After the completion of the Devaney Center, the Coliseum has been the exclusive home of the Nebraska Cornhuskers volleyball team, undergoing numerous renovations to tailor the facility specifically to the needs of the program.
The Huskers hold the current NCAA record for the most consecutive sellouts in a women's sport which began in the Coliseum and continues at the Bob Devaney Sports Center.
The Coliseum was one of the few collegiate arenas that is designed specifically for volleyball. It is noted for its classical architecture, intimate setting with fans close to the floor, perpetually sold out crowds, and deafening acoustics. The Coliseum has statistically proven to be one of the most difficult venues for visiting teams to win in all of sports. Anecdotally, it has been described as "the arena that the volleyball Gods would build." The building design draws comparison to Duke's Cameron Indoor Stadium's acoustics and intimate atmosphere. CBS Sports has featured the Coliseum in a documentary.
The 4,030-seat Nebraska Coliseum has provided the Nebraska volleyball program with an unmatched home-court advantage. Nebraska has had 15 undefeated seasons at home compiling an all-time record of 454-30 (.938) under its roof. Only three times in 33 years of regular-season Big Eight/Big 12 play has a conference opponent ever won in Lincoln. In 1991, the Huskers had a one year hiatus from the Coliseum playing their games at the Bob Devaney Sports Center while the building was being renovated and tailored specifically for volleyball. Nebraska began the 2008 season with a 64-match home winning streak in the Nebraska Coliseum dating back nearly four seasons, part of a remarkable 72-match home win streak for the Huskers. The Huskers have hosted an NCAA Tournament match every season since 1984 compiling a 45-3 playoff record in the building. Nebraska fans have been rewarded by seeing eight of the Huskers’ 10 NCAA regional championships won on their home court. The all-time home record over the 33 years is 484-32.

</doc>
<doc id="5912845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912845" title="Liutprand of Benevento">
Liutprand of Benevento

Liutprand (died after 759) was the duke of Benevento from the death of his father Gisulf II in 751 until his own deposition. He reigned under the regency of his mother, Scauniperga, who supported King Aistulf, until 756. 
After he attained his majority, he commended his duchy to Pepin the Short, King of the Franks, probably at the coaxing of Pope Stephen II, and rebelled against King Desiderius, being deposed in 758 to be replaced by Arechis II. The Byzantine Emperor Constantine V offered to capture the fleeing Liutprand if Desiderius would attack the papacy until a Byzantine force from Sicily could join him. Desiderius did not attack and Liutprand was not captured.

</doc>
<doc id="5912859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912859" title="1951 Tour de France">
1951 Tour de France

The 1951 Tour de France was the 38th Tour de France, taking place from July 4 to July 29, 1951. It consisted of 24 stages over 4690 km, ridden at an average speed of 32.949 km/h.
The race was won by Swiss cyclist Hugo Koblet. Koblet used his time-trial abilities to win large amounts of time. Dutch cyclist Wim van Est made fame, not only by becoming the first Dutch cyclist to lead the Tour de France, but more by falling down a ravine in the leader's jersey.
Changes from the 1950 Tour de France.
The 1951 Tour de France started in Metz; it was the second time after the 1926 Tour de France that the start of the Tour de France was not in Paris. Other than in previous years, the route was no longer around the circumference of France, and the Massif Central mountains were visited for the first time.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1951 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. The three major cycling countries in 1951, Italy, Belgium and France, each sent a team of 12 cyclists. Other countries sent teams of 8 cyclists: Switzerland, Luxembourg, Netherlands and Spain. The French regional cyclists were divided into four teams of 12 cyclists: Paris, Ile de France–North West, East–South East and West–South West. The last team of eight cyclists was made up out of cyclists from the French North African colonies. In the end, Luxembourg only sent 7 cyclists, so altogether this made 123 cyclists.
There were 68 French cyclists (of which 1 French-Moroccan and 7 French-Algerian), 12 Italian, 12 Belgian, 8 Dutch, 8 Spanish, 8 Swiss and 7 Luxembourgian cyclists.
Race details.
On the first stage, Hugo Koblet attacked almost immediately from the start. The peloton got back to him after . Koblet stayed calm for the next stages, until the individual time trial in stage seven, which he won.
Initially, Bobet was reported to have won the time trial by one second. Koblet protested against the result, and argued that the intermediate timings showed that Bobet could not have won. The Tour de France jury agreed that Bobet's time was off by one minute, and Koblet was given the stage victory by 59 seconds.
In the eleventh stage, Koblet attacked after . He was followed by Louis Deprez for a short while, but when Deprez fell back, Koblet was on his own. It was a hot day, and the other cyclists did not believe that Koblet's escape had any chance. When the peloton heard that Koblet was already three minutes ahead, they started to chase him. They worked together for more than 100 km, but couldn't reach Koblet, who won the stage with a margin of more than two and a half minutes. Directly after Koblet finished, he used a stopwatch to measure the time gap, because he did not trust the Tour's time keepers anymore. The other cyclists were amazed that Koblet had been able to defend his lead against all the other cyclists.
In the twelfth stage, Dutch cyclist Wim van Est escaped, won the stage and took the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification. He was the first Dutch cyclist to do so. Van Est was inexperienced in the mountains that showed up in the thirteenth stage, but did his best to defend his lead. Going up the Aubisque, Van Est punctured and lost time. He tried to gain back time on the descent by following Magni, a fast descender. Van Est could not follow, and crashed. He remounted and rode down again, but took too much risk and fell down a ravine. His fall was broken by trees, 75 meters down. Spectators helped him to climb back, by handing him a rope made from inner tubes.
In the next stage, Van Est fell down a ravine while defending his position, and had to abandon the race. Gilbert Bauvin took over the lead. Géminiani crossed the finish line first in that stage, but he was set back to fourth place by the jury.
In the fourteenth stage, Coppi attacked. Koblet punctured, but chased back and reached Coppi, and outsprinted him to win the stage, and thanks to the minute bonification time as stage winner took over the lead.
In the sixteenth stage, that seemed not too hard because there were almost no mountains, Coppi collapsed and lost more than half an hour. This was said to be caused by grief over his brother's death, although other accounts said it was because of food poisoning. His team mates and former rivals Gino Bartali and Fiorenzo Magni helped him until the end of the stage.
The Mont Ventoux was climbed in the seventeenth stage for the first time in Tour de France history. Bobet escaped and won the stage, while Koblet was able to stay with his competitors. After that stage, second-placed rider Géminiani was no longer trying to beat Koblet, but instead focussed on defending his second place against Bobet.
Koblet stayed out of problems for the rest of the race, and won the time trial in the 22nd stage with a large margin; he even overtook Bartali who had started 8 minutes earlier.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. Of the 123 cyclists that started the 1951 Tour de France, 66 finished the race.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was almost the same as in 1950: there were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 6 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Raphaël Géminiani won this classification.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated by adding the times in the general classification of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the French team, with a large margin over the Belgian team.
The other three teams that started, Luxembourg, The Netherlands and North Africa, did not finish with three cyclists so were not eligible for the team classification.
Other awards.
The special award for the best regional rider was won by eighth-placed Gilbert Bauvin.
Aftermath.
Hugo Koblet would be unable to defend his title in the 1952 Tour de France, as he was injured. After that, Koblet never reached the heights that he was able to reach in 1951. Second-placed Géminiani said that he regarded himself as the winner, because Koblet did not count because he was not human.
Van Est, who fell down a ravine wearing the leader's yellow jersey, starred in an advert for watch-making company Pontiac, that said "His heart stopped but his Pontiac kept time."

</doc>
<doc id="5912869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912869" title="The View">
The View

The View may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912875" title="Monhysterida">
Monhysterida

The Monhysterida are an order in the phylum Nematoda. Usually the stoma in Monhysterida is funnel shaped and lightly cuticularized, but it is sometimes spacious and heavily cuticularized and they always have protrusible teeth. They are either simply spiral or circular.

</doc>
<doc id="5912882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912882" title="Johnny Lightning">
Johnny Lightning

Johnny Lightning is a brand of model cars originally produced by Topper Toys, similar to the hugely successful Mattel Hot Wheels die cast racing cars. Their claim to fame at that time was that they were extremely fast compared to other brands of die-cast cars. Their most important technology was to mold in a small hook under the front axle so that they could be propelled by a lever-driven catapult, far faster than could be obtained by either gravity, or battery powered "supercharger" devices.
Topper Toys.
In 1969, Topper Toys introduced Johnny Lightning cars and track sets in response to the growing 1/64th-scale diecast market. Johnny Lightning introduced 11 cars and several hard plastic sets that year. Topper based all but one car, the Custom Turbine, on real cars of the period. Flexible plastic track was also sold, as well as accessories like a loop-the-loop and curved sections. In addition, Topper sold a Johnny Lightning helmet and carrying case.
For 1970, Johnny Lightning introduced 31 new models, mostly based on fantasy vehicles. Seven of the new models were "Jet Power" cars. These cars contained a plastic bladder which could be filled with pressurized air that, when released, sent the car scampering down the track. Topper also produced numerous new track sets for 1970.
Johnny Lightning sponsored 5 Parnelli Jones cars including Al Unser in the 1970 and 1971 Indy 500 races. Unser was able to capture those victories in his blue lightning bolt decorated Johnny Lightning Special. After the initial 500 victory, sales of the Johnny Lightning cars increased dramatically, from initially having sales falling far behind that of Mattel to selling one Johnny Lightning to every 3 Hot Wheels car.
Only 5 new models were introduced for 1971, all part of a series called "Custom Cars". Each came packaged with plastic snap-on parts so children could customize the cars to their liking. By the end of 1971 Topper Toys was forced to close due to business fraud which brought an end to the Johnny Lightning cars.
Playing Mantis.
Tom Lowe and his Playing Mantis company acquired the rights to the Johnny Lightning trademark and started producing reproductions of the original cars in 1994. About the same time that Hot Wheels introduced a "Vintage" line of cars that were reproductions of original 1960s designs. Sales were moderately successful. Interest soon faded as most collectors weren't that passionate about the cars even when they were new. They also revived the "Sizzlers" name with electric cars similar to the original Mattel cars. Currently, they sell a line of 1/64 scale adult die cast cars with more detail. Jeff Koch, formerly of Hot Rod Magazine, briefly acted as Brand Manager for Johnny Lightning, bringing his unique real automotive expertise to the line from 2001 through 2004.
In the mid-1990s, Tom Lowe at Playing Mantis toy company commissioned Hollywood writer/producer, William Winckler, and comic book artist Charles Barnett III in New York, who had worked with Marvel Comics, to produce a comic book toy line called The Adventures of Johnny Lightning. Previously, William Winckler had written and optioned a pilot for a live-action kids TV series to compete with Mighty Morphin Power Rangers called Johnny Lightning, with Tom Lowe's approval, but the series was not made. However, the comic book / toy line was developed and produced.
Not unlike Speed Racer, the comic book stories involved young race driver Johnny Lightning, who drove a 1968 Charger, called "The Lightning One." Playing Mantis was to package self-contained comic books with die-cast cars featured in the stories. Each comic book was to be packaged in a blister pack with one (1) die cast car. 
Several issues were prepared, and sample die cast cars were made. A promotion to the public was made at Comic Con, and it was a huge success with the fans. However, for unknown reasons, "The Adventures of Johnny Lightning" was cancelled / shelved before Toys R Us, Target, and other retailers were to receive the line from Hong Kong. It is speculated that Playing Mantis toy company did not want to share a small percentage of rights in the new comic book character of Johnny Lightning with comic book creater/writer William Winckler. . . and this is why the project was shelved. There are public records showing that the comic book creator William Winckler also sued Playing Mantis in a court of law in South Bend, Indiana, as a result of this abrupt cancellation, and he received a financial settlement.
William Winckler was also the licensing agent for many early TV and Movie related die-cast cars and plastic model kits for Playing Mantis, including Speed Racer, Supercar, Land of the Giants Spindrift and others. Winckler was instrumental in obtaining the Speed Racer license for Playing Mantis since the U.S. licensee Speed Racer Enterprises initially rejected the offer from Playing Mantis, and Winckler had to go straight to the original Speed Racer creators / licensors in Tokyo, Japan, Tatsunoko Production Co., Ltd. to secure the license. The Speed Racer Playing Mantis cars were the first "officially licensed" die-cast vehicles of Speed Racer sold in the U.S. thanks to Winckler. William Winckler assisted in the design of the Speed Racer die-cast cars, coming up with the concept of attachable parts, buzz saws, auto jacks, etc., to the Mach 5 vehicle, and Tom Lowe incorporated Winckler's ideas into the product line. William Winckler was paid royalties on Speed Racer and other licensed properties, but then Playing Mantis failed to continue paying owed royalties on Speed Racer to Winckler. Winckler considered suing Playing Mantis in court for money owed a second time, but never pursued it further. 
Nowadays Johnny Lightning has a following by a loyal group of collectors. JL makes cars which haven't been done before, or are quite rare, like the Citroën DS. Also they make a lot film-inspired cars, like the Ghostbusters Cadillac, the Green Hornet's Black Beauty, Batman's Batmobile, the James Bond Aston Martin, Dukes Of Hazzard-related models, etc.
RC2.
In 2005, Playing Mantis was bought by RC2 Corporation and Playing Mantis disappeared. Johnny Lightning products are now produced and distributed by the RC2 corporation in Chicago. RC2 was previously known as Racing Champions and produced NASCAR die cast models. Carrying over from the Playing Mantis era was Mac Ragan who was responsible for many of the popular models. Ragan wrote the definitive guide to Johnny Lightning cars in the Johnny Lightning Tomart Guide. Also in 2005 RC2 brought in a popular automotive and die cast designer, Eric Tscherne of Hot Wheels and Jada Toys fame.
Johnny Lightning received a major overhaul of its image in 2006. A new clamshell style package arrived stores in January 2007 with the release of the new Johnny Retro series. A new logo treatment was also introduced and the logo and package design were products of a partnership with Design Force and directed by Tscherne among others. Additional overhauling of the brand included updating many of the long-time collector favorite series like Classic Gold and Musclecars which received new graphic treatments developed in the West Coast office by Jeremy Cox and Tscherne. A large price increase coincided with the new package, leaving many collectors upset with RC2's management and decision making associated with the beloved Johnny Lightning brand. in September 2007 Mac Ragan left the RC2 and Johnny Lightning. Tom Zahorsky is currently the Design Manager associated with the brand today as is responsible for picking castings, themes and developing paint schemes and decorations on the little cars. Tom is also a member of the Diecast Hall of Fame.
Johnny Lightning vehicles are today sold by Learning Curve Inc., formerly known as RC2. In 2007 Johnny Lightning expanded to offer more than just adult collectibles by introducing Battle Wheels. Battle Wheels is a line of remote controlled robots that battle one another. They also introduced the world's first transforming RC vehicle the V_BOT.
2013 Tomy Toys announced it will no longer produce the Johnny Lightning brand and was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="5912888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912888" title="TopStyle">
TopStyle

TopStyle is a CSS/XHTML/HTML editor for Microsoft Windows developed by Nick Bradbury and now maintained by Stefan van As. The editor is code-centric rather than WYSIWYG, with integrated support for previews using either the Mozilla Gecko, Internet Explorer Trident, or Apple Inc. Webkit layout engines. The software is available as a commercial version with a trial period.
History.
TopStyle was created by Nick Bradbury. He also created Macromedia HomeSite (then just "HomeSite") in 1995. HomeSite was acquired by Allaire in March 1997, by Macromedia in 2001, and finally (as of 2006) by Adobe Systems. Nick Bradbury left the company to found Bradbury Software in 2003 and created the editor TopStyle and a news aggregator titled FeedDemon. Bradbury Software was acquired by NewsGator Technologies in May 2005. Stefan van As has acquired TopStyle in December 2008.
Features.
TopStyle supports HTML, XHTML, and CSS editing in various revisions, along with powerful checking for standards and browser compatibility issues. Checking optionally covers a variety of levels, such as a strict W3C CSS specifications, to issues on a wide variety of browsers. This style checker feature not only provides detailed warning messages but enables the user to visually see if parts of HTML or CSS code would be incompatible with a particular browser.
The software additionally supports converting deprecated HTML styling to CSS code, converting HTML code to valid XHTML, and checking for orphaned code or pages.
TopStyle integrates with HTML Tidy and W3C's validation services. 
For thorough offline validating and checking of HTML and XHTML syntax, TopStyle integrates with CSE HTML Validator. TopStyle 4 can also use CSE HTML Validator to check links.
TopStyle also integrates with Adobe Dreamweaver.
Syntax highlighting is supported for PHP, ASP, CFML, CSS, XHTML, HTML, JavaScript, and VBScript.
Version history.
TopStyle 3.5 was released on October 15, 2007 (version 3.5.0.9). New features include better support for Windows Vista and browsers released since TopStyle 3.12 (Safari 2, IE7, Firefox 2, Opera 9), Box Spy (tool that shows padding/margins of boxes in the preview window), and many more including a large number of bug fixes and improvements. 
TopStyle 4 was released on May 31, 2009. New features include (UTF-8) unicode support, live FTP editing, support for browsers released since TopStyle 3.5 (IE8, Firefox 3, Safari 3, and Safari 4), Script Insight for ASP + PHP + ColdFusion, support for iPhone (and iPod touch) webapp development, support for HTML 5, IE8 document compatibility, and many more including a large number of bug fixes and improvements.
TopStyle 5 was released in November 30, 2012, including support for CSS3.

</doc>
<doc id="5912893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912893" title="Humorology">
Humorology

Humorology, or "Humo" for short, is an annual juried musical/variety show that takes place at the Union Theater of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. The competition consists of six original mini musical comedies written, produced and performed by independent companies and overseen by a student-run executive board. Begun, in 1948, Humorology is one of the oldest traditions at the UW–Madison and has become the largest non-profit student service organization in Wisconsin.
About the show.
Humorology is a competition among mini-musical comedy shows. Each 20-minute show takes popular music and adapts it into a story with singing, dancing, and comedy. Each show is written, directed, choreographed, and performed by students and the sets and costumes are student-made. Rehearsals begin in early October, when each cast prepares a nine-minute first half of their show to audition for the final show. Auditions take place in December when six casts are selected to move on to the final show, which is held in April in the Wisconsin Union Theater (Overture Center for the Arts 2013). In preparation for the final show, the remaining six casts lengthen their shows by nine minutes to produce an 18-minute mini-musical comedy. The six mini-musical comedies are performed over a series of three nights. On the final night of the show awards are given to the top three shows determined by a panel of judges. Additional "Caption" awards are given for Best Musical Number, Best Use of Theme, Best Female Performer, Best Male Performer, Best Dance Break, and Funniest Show.
The companies.
Each Humo company consists of members of a UW–Madison fraternity teamed with members of a sorority. Individuals independent of the Greek system also participate. Nine companies and shows are created every year, but only six shows make it through auditions to the final performance.
Charities.
Humorology is the largest non-profit student service organization in Wisconsin. Proceeds from Humorology performances are donated to several charities.
Notable changes.
In 2014, changes in the structure of Humorology, Inc. brought the donations total from a record low in 2013 to a record high in 2014. Under the 2014 leadership of executive producers Rolf Ieuter and Carla Nasui, the fundraising structure was changed and greater emphasis was put on the philanthropy aspect of the show. This included a change in how the winning cast was chosen. Instead of the all out best show being picked by the judges, the best three shows are picked. Of the three casts picked, the winner is decided based on how much the cast fundraised. 

</doc>
<doc id="5912911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912911" title="One Chance (group)">
One Chance (group)

One Chance is an R&B group of Chicago, best known for their 2006 song "Look at Her"; peaked at number 53 on the "Billboard" R&B chart, and was later remixed featuring;Trey Songz, Lloyd, and Bobby Valentino. 
Biography.
One Chance, an R&B group of Chicago composed of brothers Jon Gordon (co-founder) and Michael "Mic" Gordon (co-founder) p/k/a The Gordon Brothers, Rob Brent (member), and Courtney Vantrease (member), signed to J Records after being discovered by Grammy-Award-Winning artist Usher.
Usher discovered One Chance during a live showcase, and immediately organized a meeting for the boy band to perform for music legend, Clive Davis, Founder of J Records; who signed them on the spot. In 2006, the band released their first single, "Look at Her", which peaked at #53 on the U.S Billboard Hot R&B/ Hip-Hop Songs Chart. In 2008, their second single entitled, “U Can’t” ft. Usher, quickly climbed the U.S Billboard R&B Songs Chart to #73.
Originally slated for release in late 2006, their debut album, "Private", was repeatedly pushed back and eventually shelved; due to the ever-changing executive team at J Records. One Chance later requested to be released from US Records and J Records in 2008. 
In June 2009 the band signed to artist T-Pain's Nappy Boy Entertainment; they primarily focused on writing and vocal producing for T-Pain. On September 23, 2010, One Chance released their single, "Sexin' on You", from their mixtape, Ain't No Room For Talkin', and co-wrote T-Pain's single "Reverse Cowgirl". 
In 2011 band members Rob Brent, and Courtney Vantrease amicably parted ways to pursue solo careers. Their last release as a group was the June 2011 single "Super Dewper", which featured T-Pain and Smoke of Field Mob. In 2012 Co-founders and brothers, Jon and Michael "Mic" Gordon formed the singer-songwriter duo, The Gordon Brothers.
External links.
http://www.mtv.com/videos/one-chance/804812/look-at-her.jhtml

</doc>
<doc id="5912928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912928" title="Mysmenidae">
Mysmenidae

Mysmenidae is a spider family with almost 100 described species in more than twenty genera.
Distribution.
Species occur in the Americas, Africa, Asia, Europe, New Guinea and several islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5912944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912944" title="The Good Times Are Killing Me">
The Good Times Are Killing Me

The Good Times Are Killing Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5912945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912945" title="Radelchis II of Benevento">
Radelchis II of Benevento

Radelchis II (died 907) was the prince of Benevento from 881 to 900 with a long interruption during which the Byzantines and Spoletans vied for the principality. In 884 (or 885), he was deposed and exiled by his brother Aiulf. In 897 (or 898), he was restored only to be conquered by his cousin Atenulf I of Capua in January 900. He never ruled again.
His father was Adelchis of Benevento.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5912959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912959" title="Home Run Inn">
Home Run Inn

Home Run Inn is a pizzeria chain based in Woodridge, Illinois of the United States. Home Run Inn also sells frozen pizzas.
History.
In 1923, Mary and Vincent Grittani owned a small bar on 31st Street in Chicago. When a home run from a nearby baseball game was hit through the tavern's window, the couple decided to rename the tavern Home Run Inn. In the 1940s the pizza recipe was developed. In the 1947 they first started selling pizzas. The company expanded into frozen pizza in the 1950s, selling them in just the Chicago area. In 1988, frozen pizza factory was constructed adjacent to the original restaurant in Chicago. A second manufacturing location opened in 1996 in Woodridge, Illinois.
As of 2013, Home Run Inn has nine locations. There are three locations in Chicago and six in the Chicago suburbs.
The company has expanded distribution of frozen pizzas to stores in over twenty states.
Pizza.
Home Run Inn is known for its traditional-style pizza, not the deep-dish Chicago-style pizza. Home Run Inn's pizza is hand-tossed, with a buttery crust of medium thickness. The pizzas are known for their slightly spicy sauce, abundant cheese and fresh sausage, made daily by the company. According to 2005 ACNielsen data, the frozen pizza is the number one selling frozen pizza brand in Chicago. Home Run Inn pizzas contain no trans fats. Home Run Inn pizza was also voted number one by AOL in its “Best Of” contest.

</doc>
<doc id="5912979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5912979" title="Dwarf salamander">
Dwarf salamander

The dwarf salamander (Eurycea quadridigitata) is a species of salamander native to the southern United States, from North Carolina to Oklahoma, south to Texas along the Gulf of Mexico states to northern Florida. Some sources refer to it as the four-fingered manculus, dwarf four-toed salamander, or the Florida dwarf salamander.
Description.
The dwarf salamander grows from 2.0 to 3.5 inches in length. It has a slender body and a long tail. It is typically yellow-brown in color with darker brown blotching and dark stripes down each side, but the pattern and coloration can vary widely. The epithet "quadridigitatat" is to denote that each of its feet has four toes.
Behavior.
The dwarf salamander prefers habitats of swampy pine woods. It is nocturnal and spends most of its time under leaf litter or forest floor debris. Breeding occurs in the fall, with 12 to 48 eggs being laid singly or in small clutches attached to submerged debris in shallow, slow moving or still water. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913002" title="CJAI-FM">
CJAI-FM

CJAI-FM, known on air as Amherst Island Public Radio or simply Island Radio, is a radio station in Stella, Ontario, Canada. Broadcasting at 92.1 FM, the station airs a community radio format serving the Amherst Island region.
History.
The station launched on April 1, 2006, originally on 93.7 FM with a power of 5 watts. Previously licensed as a developmental community radio station, CJAI changed frequency to 92.1 FM in October 2007 following the licensing of a new radio station on the adjacent 93.5 frequency in Kingston, and was granted a permanent license on December 6, 2007. It now operates as a 250-watt class B community broadcast undertaking.
Operations.
The station is volunteer-run, and is the only Canadian broadcast station located in a barn. Operating from the barn's 14 ft x 19 ft milkhouse, it houses two studios (each 6 ft x 7 ft) and its antenna is high atop the barn's 85 ft silo. Altogether, it is one of the smallest legally licensed broadcast stations in the world.
Personalities associated with the station have included former television anchor Peter Trueman, as well as community members including Terry Culbert, Adam Miller, Judy Chui, Brian Little, Shell Madden, Leah Murray, Ellis & Mary Lou Wolfreys, Ross Haines, Doug Green, Jack Smith, Dayle Gowan, Susan Filson, Janet Scott, Peter Large, Ula Stief, Ian Murray, Sally Bowen, Rosemary Richmond, Jim Gould, Don Ross, Michael Rowan, Fae MacArthur, Steve Kennedy, Keith Miller, Cheryl Saunders, Cathy Christmas, Eric Tremblay, Devin Stewart, Nic Rossetti, Larry Jensen, Shannon Myra, Derek Wagar and Dan Simpson.
The LP record and production studio has been dedicated as the "Alan M. Kidd Studio", in memory of a longtime community volunteer and station programmer who died on November 30, 2008.
Funding of the station comes through donations, memberships, sponsorships, farmers market booths, and fundraising events: a book sale held the second Saturday of July, and the Amherst Island Folk Festival. On its website is a "Ferry-Cam" to see if the M/V Frontenac II is making its regular schedule.
Musical content on CJAI-FM is 71 per cent Canadian content on average and spans numerous genres: bluegrass, country, folk, rock, alternative rock, indie rock, pop, blues, jazz, classical, etc. Volunteers produce local-content spoken word programming, the station plays old time radio shows and Librivox book readings each weekday. It broadcasts the environmental news show The Green Majority twice a week.
CJAI is a member of the National Campus and Community Radio Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5913006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913006" title="J. Timothy Hunt">
J. Timothy Hunt

James Timothy Hunt (born April 1, 1959) is an American-Canadian author and journalist. He has also written children's books under the pen name Tim Beiser.
Biography.
Hunt was born and raised in Los Angeles, California, and attended university in Montana, receiving a B.S. in Economics and Business Administration from Rocky Mountain College in 1981. He became a Canadian citizen in 2004, and resides in Toronto, Canada, and Grignan, France, with his husband, Morton Beiser and twin sons, Daniel and Rowan.
Career.
During his 16 years as a resident of New York City, he became known as a playwright and author of science fiction short stories. His plays "Angel Fire" and "The Lunatic" were presented Off-Off Broadway. His short fiction can be found in the anthologies "Lovers and Other Monsters" and "Don't Open This Book", both published by Doubleday. He has been writer in residence three times at the Helene Wurlitzer Foundation of New Mexico, and was the founder of The Writers’ Workout creative writing studio in New York. He received a B.A.A. in Journalism from Toronto’s Ryerson University in 1999.
Hunt has written for many publications in Canada, including "National Post Business", "Toronto Life", "Elm Street", "Reader's Digest," and "Saturday Night". A feature article in "Saturday Night" in June 2000 about Owens Wiwa, brother of controversially-executed Nigerian environmentalist Ken Saro-Wiwa, was expanded in 2005 into a book about the ordeal, "The Politics of Bones".
In 2007, Hunt began writing children's fiction for Tundra Books under the pseudonym Tim Beiser. He is the author of "Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog" published by Tundra Books (2009). In his "fresh" rhyming verses, Beiser employs "all the tricks of the trade, such as enjambment, sound echoes, and internal rhyme."
Awards and recognitions.
Hunt was recognized in 2005 by the 29th annual National Magazine Awards for an article in "Saturday Night" about his own same-sex marriage.
His profile of "The New Yorker" magazine's Malcolm Gladwell won three North American journalism awards and was nominated in 2000 for a Canadian National Magazine Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5913020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913020" title="Ernest Trova">
Ernest Trova

Ernest Tino Trova (February 19, 1927 – March 8, 2009) was a self-trained American surrealist and pop art painter and sculptor. Best known for his signature image and figure series, "The Falling Man", Trova considered his entire output a single "work in progress." Trova used classic American comic character toys in some of his pieces because he admired their surrealism. Many of Trova's sculptures are cast in unusual white bronze. He began as a painter, progressing through three-dimensional constructions to his mature medium, sculpture. Trova's gift of forty of his works led to the opening of St. Louis County, Missouri's Laumeier Sculpture Park.
Biography.
Trova was born on February 19, 1927 in Clayton, Missouri, where he attended Clayton High School and St. Louis University High School. His father, an industrial tool designer and inventor, died shortly after Trova graduated from high school.
His interest in poetry led him to begin a correspondence with Ezra Pound, who had been confined to St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, D.C. after World War II.
Trova lived in the St. Louis area his entire life and has a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame.
Artist.
He worked at the Famous-Barr department store as a decorator and window dresser. A self-taught artist, Morton D. May, an art collector who later served as chairman of The May Department Stores Company (which owned the store he worked at), bought one of his paintings and contributed it to the Museum of Modern Art.
As a 20-year-old, his painting "Roman Boy", the first work he exhibited in his career, was awarded first prize in the Missouri Exhibition conducted at what was then known as the City Art Museum (now the St. Louis Art Museum). "Roman Boy" described as a provocative "sexually graphic work", alternatively "scandalized or energized" critics and the public, and earned the work a picture in "Life" magazine, earning him a degree of recognition that was unusual for an artist from St. Louis.
He started showing his art during the early years of the Pace Gallery, which later became "one of the most powerful art galleries in the world". Some of his first art was acquired by the collections of the Guggenheim Museum and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, as well as by the St. Louis Art Museum in his hometown and by Tate in London.
"The Falling Man".
Created in 1964, "The Falling Man", is Trova's best known work. His "Falling Man" series of works, "about man at his most imperfect", featured an armless human figure, that appeared in sculptures, paintings and prints. In an interview that year with the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", he described the piece as "a personal hypothetical theory on the nature of man". Trova further stated that "I believe that man is first of all an imperfect creature. The first reaction I usually get to this is that I'm pessimistic. I don't think I am... It's very close to many theories of man — the Catholic view that man is a fallen creature, for example."
Trova created multiple versions of "The Falling Man", including variant sculptures and wristwatches with images of the piece. This led to charges of commercialism and critiques that the piece was period kitsch. An associate of Trova's rejected the criticism, noting that the duplicate works was an example of seriality, in which "Trova invented this great symbol of human fallibility through processing and reprocessing the image. Trova's work is misunderstood. Seriality is as essential to his work as it was to Warhol's. One of his earliest statements about 'Falling Man' was that all of it — all the sculptures, all the paintings, all the prints — were one work in his own mind."
Later work.
A major exhibit of Trova's works was presented in 1969 at the Pace Gallery, with reviewer Hilton Kramer of "The New York Times" calling it one whose size and scope "befits an artist currently enjoying a huge success". Kramer noted the recurrence of a theme in Trova's work, as exemplified by his "Falling Man" variations, stating that "All artists have a tendency to fall in love with their own symbols, and this is certainly the case with Mr. Trova". The exhibit included a "faceless, armless, polished, unsexed" symbolic figure that was presented in varying poses, and in a range of materials including chrome-plated bronze, enameled aluminum, marble and nickel.
Now covering , what is now known as Laumeier Sculpture Park opened to the public in 1975. Trova agreed to donate 40 of his large sculptures to help establish the park's collection of outdoor sculptures. Trova's dealer at the Pace Galley approved of the arrangement, which were contributed upon a formal agreement signed on December 11, 1975.
Despite his early successes, Trova's later constructivist abstract sculptures attracted little critical attention outside of St. Louis.
Family and death.
A resident of Richmond Heights, Missouri, Trova died at age 82 on March 8, 2009 due to congestive heart failure. He had been married to Carla C. "Teddy" Rand, who came from the family that owned the International Shoe Company. As described by an art dealer who sold his works, Trova "never recovered from her death" in June 2008, "After she died, he just didn't last". He was survived by their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5913022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913022" title="Aiulf II of Benevento">
Aiulf II of Benevento

Aiulf II (also "Aio", "Ajo", or "Aione") reigned as Prince of Benevento (884 – 891) during a particularly stormy period for the independent principality. 
He deposed his elder brother, Radelchis II, in 884 or 885 at a time when the Byzantines, under Nicephorus Phocas the Elder, had been reconquering Calabria since 883. Nicephorus concentrated his attacks on territory around Benevento and Aiulf responded by capturing Bari. Bari was recaptured within the year. 
Aiulf also had to deal with an invasion by the Duchy of Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="5913041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913041" title="Hollywood East">
Hollywood East

"Hollywood East" is a phrase referring to the growing film industry in New England, particularly in Massachusetts and Connecticut, that has served as home to the production of more than 143 major motion pictures and television series between 2000 and 2013. It is a reference to Hollywood, California, the center of the American film industry, located on the west coast of the United States. The term as used in New England was popularized in the press in 2007 as film and television productions migrated to the east coast to take advantage of the region’s scenery, culture, character, and tax incentives put in place by several state governments.
History of Filmmaking in New England.
New England, specifically Boston, played a prominent role in the dawn of the film industry at the turn of the 20th century. After Thomas Edison’s Vitascope projector was debuted in a commercial setting in New York City on April 23rd, 1896, it was soon thereafter debuted in Boston by Benjamin Franklin Keith on May 18th, 1896 at Keith’s theater on 547 Washington street. 
The technology received rave reviews from local media, with the Boston Herald writing, “The Vitascope is going to be the greatest drawing card of the season. Its possibilities are unlimited. Just think what it means. The scenes shown are full of life and action, simply lacking in vocalization. To describe the enthusiasm aroused would be impossible.” 
As motion pictures grew in popularity, so did the local and regional film production community. Filmmakers during this time period typically created short films based on either real life or based on stories or entertainment. Roxbury, Massachusetts born G.W. “Billy” Bitzer rose to prominence during this early age of motion pictures, and created two pictures set in Boston: Seeing Boston in 1905, a picture consisting of a series of scenes from Boston, and Midwinter Bathing, L Street Bath, Boston, also in 1905. These two pictures are thought to be two of the first ever shot in Boston. 
As motion picture production evolved, so did its themes. Shortly after the silent shorts, filmmakers began adapting novels to the screen. Adaptation material in New England was especially rich with so many well-known novels being based there. House of the Seven Gables and The Scarlet Letter are two such novels based in New England and adapted into motion pictures, and two films that played a role in shaping the cinematic themes that would become part of New England film’s identity for the entirety of the 20th century.
According moving picture archives Northeast Historic Film (NHF), these themes include Development of Yankee Characters, Smalltown Life Contrasted with city Values, Seafaring Tales, Family Secrets, and Haunted New England. These themes, rooted in centuries of New England culture, are complemented by the region’s diverse natural landscape and architecture, from the Atlantic Ocean and brilliant fall foliage to church steeples and skyscrapers.
After the motion picture’s introduction to New England in the late 1800s, the region saw a boom in film production in the 1930’s and 40’s due to the spread of talking pictures or “talkies.” Classic movies set in Boston from this era include Captain Courageous (1937), Boomerang (1947), Lost Boundaries (1949) and Our Town (1940). The number of movies produced in Boston between the 1950’s and 1980’s averaged 10 per decade, including box office hits Boston Strangler (1968) and Jaws (1975), until the 1990s when film production in the region exploded thanks to new and improved filming infrastructure. This upward trend continued in the 2000s, due in large part to tax incentive programs put in place by regional governments to attract filmmakers and production companies. One such example is the Massachusetts Tax Incentive program. Many T.V. series were also filmed in New England during the 20th century, the most well known of them being Cheers, Ally McBeal, Boston Legal, and Sabrina the Teenage Witch.
All in all, 352 TV series and films have been produced in Boston since 1900, with a number of them winning Academy Awards: Goodwill Hunting (1997), Jaws, (1975), The Departed (2006), The Fighter (2010). The area has also produced many film and television stars, including but not limited to Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Amy Poehler, Elizabeth Banks, Steve Carell, Ruth Gordon, John Krasinski, Edward Norton, Mark Wahlberg, and Matthew Perry. A full list can be found here, and a listing of notable films and television series produced in the area here.
"History of the term Hollywood East".
Hollywood East is a term originally used by local press in Orlando, Florida after the opening of the Disney-MGM Studios (now called Disney's Hollywood Studios) in 1989 and Universal Studios Florida in 1990 in order to attract more filmmaking business to the region. While both are legitimate studios, they are predominantly theme parks, and although many film and television productions have used these facilities since before even the theme parks were built, Orlando was not able to retain the image of "Hollywood East."
In 2008, the name Hollywood East was used to brand Plymouth Rock Studios, a proposed movie studio that was to be built in Plymouth, Massachusetts before funding failed to materialize in 2009. More recently, the phrase has resurfaced thanks in part to the opening of New England Studios and the rapid growth of the Hollywood East Actors Group, a social media based organization for actors and filmmakers in New England.
Resources for New England Actors.
New England is ripe with resources and opportunities for amateur and professional members of the film industry alike.
Groups.
Women in Film & Video New England
An affiliate of the national Women in Film organization, Women in Film / Video New England was founded in 1981 with the mission of “working to promote proactive images of women to the public and to empower all women in film and video to achieve their professional potential.” WIFV/NE offers membership to professional and aspiring female filmmakers, the benefits of which range from job leads and discounts on media related services to networking opportunities and health coverage.
Of much value to regional actors and other film industry professionals is WIFV/NE’s free networking night that occurs on a monthly basis and is open to both members and non-members, women and men. 
The organization has accomplished much since its founding and has received praise from major New England-based media outlets like the Boston Globe, who in December 2005 said “For all the big-name organizations that put an indelible stamp on the area film scene…local film offerings wouldn’t be quite as rich without the less acknowledged venues and groups that also play a crucial part, including Women in Film & Video New England, for supporting the aspiring and established female filmmakers alike.”
Hollywood East Actors Group
The Hollywood East Actor’s Group is a community of amateur actors, directors, producers, casting directors, agents, cinematographers and others interested or involved in growing the New England film industry. Based in Boston Massachusetts, HEA was founded by actress/photographer Erica Derrickson on Sept 10, 2012 to fill what she saw as a void in the grassroots New England film community. At the end of 2013, the group consisted of more than 6,000 members and is responsible for countless new professional relationships and business opportunities.
In addition to holding workshops and classes featuring The New England Actors Workshop headed up by Richard C. Bailey, the Hollywood East Actor’s Group is known for holding popular industry networking events. The group’s 1 year anniversary party was held at the Middle East Downstairs on November 12, 2013, in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It was attended by over 400 local film industry professionals ranging from newcomers on the scene to veteran Chris Byers, founder of New England Studios. The event validated HEA as an influential industry-networking group and solidified its reputation as one of the notable grassroots communities for film professionals in New England.
New England Actor
NEActor.com (owned and moderated by Bradley Van Dussen) is “self service” website designed to connect film industry professionals and actors & voice artists looking for work. Actors are encouraged to build profiles on the website that accurately reflect their acting abilities with media such as reels, head shots, and credits. Industry professionals can then search the talent pool using criteria that best fits the talent they are seeking such as sex, union, age, physical attributes, performance skills and more. Anyone can apply to be listed on NEActor.com, though all applications are screened and approved by site staff.
Acting Training.
NEAWorkshop
The New England Actor’s Workshop is based in Boston and trains actors in the Meisner technique using a professional conservatory style. Workshops are instructed by Meisner Technique trained actor Richard C. Bailey and open to actors willing to commit to classes for an ongoing basis. The New England Actor’s Workshop’s stated mission is to “create an environment where dedicated actors and artists can continue to hone their skills in a safe, supportive community as well as help one another advance their careers and contribute to the Boston and New England Film, Theater, and entertainment community.” In addition to weekly classes, NEAWorkshop frequently hosts industry workshops and networking events.
Unions.
SAG-AFTRA New England
One of 25 SAG locals, SAG-AFTRA New England is based in Boston and represents members of the film industry working in Eastern Connecticut, Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. SAG-AFTRA New England members receive access to local resources including casting calls, training and informational seminars, a credit union and more.
Schools.
The following universities are located in New England and have strong theater programs according to collegeexpress.com. 
Bennington College (VT), Boston University (MA), Brandeis University (MA), Emerson College (MA), Hampshire College (MA), Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts (MA), Trinity College (CT), Tufts University (MA), University of Massachusetts Amherst (MA), Wheaton College (MA), Yale University (CT).
Community Theaters.
The bourgeoning acting talent pool has results in an uptick of community theaters as well. Many websites, such as NEtheater411.com whose mission is to “serve community, equity and non-equity theaters in the New England area,” provides information about “local New England area community and professional theaters, including information about upcoming productions, audition calls, special announcements, and other happenings in the New England theater scene.”
Talent Agents.
Due to the recent surge in films being made in New England, there are a number of talent agent companies looking to place local actors and actresses in films. However, due to the market not being large enough for a talent agency to support itself entirely on the placement of actors in film, many also double as talent agencies for models as well.
Model Club Inc
With offices in Providence, Rhode Island and Boston, Massachusetts, Model Club Inc is a talent agency that represents children & adult models & actors. The agency hosts open calls on a regular basis and has placed its actors in numerous motion pictures ranging from regional indie films to nationwide blockbusters.
Cameo
The Cameo Model and Talent Agency has been based in Boston since 1969 and is known for working with talent that has a multi-ethnic, all american look. Their clients include Fortune 500 & 1000 companies, casting directors, commercial photographers, and ad agencies throughout the United States and globally. Cameo accepts submissions from adults and children via mail and email.
New England Models Group
The New England Models Group (NEMG) represents child, teenage, and adult models, actors, and makeup artists. Based in Manchester, New Hampshire, NEMG has been in business for 20 years and in that time span placed talent in large markets ranging from LA to Barcelona and in a variety of formats ranging from infomercials to feature films. NEMG is regularly involved in hosting workshops, model showcases, talent conventions and more. The accept submissions from aspiring models and actors through a variety of channels, but require all models and talent to audition in person for agency consideration.
Casting Companies.
CP Casting
CP Casting is a full service casting company with offices in Boston’s South End neighborhood and with clients spanning across all of New England. CP casting is highly regarded in the industry, having won 3 C.S.A Artios Awards and cast talent for a wide variety of projects such as feature films, commercials, corporate videos, national film searches and television. CP Casting accepts submissions from new talent in the forms of mailed pictures and resumes from union & non-union actors, talent agents, and managers.
Boston Casting
With 60,000 union and non-union actors in their database, 6 casting directors, a department exclusively for casting extras, and 3 studios, Boston Casting is the largest casting company in New England. Founded and owned by Angela Peri, Boston Casting specializes in casting principal roles and extras for feature films, commercials, industrials, web videos, voice-overs and reality television shows. Boston Casting does not hold open auditions or accept physical submissions. Instead, interested actors must fill out an online application that Boston Casting will keep “on file” until an opportunity they feel you are appropriate for becomes available.
Christine Wyse Casting
Christine Wyse Casting is a full service casting company based in Boston and specializes primarily in casting commercials. Though CWC is based in Boston, its founder Christine Wyse spend years in the casting business in New York City and maintains an intimate knowledge of the talent pool in that market to this day. In addition to their commercial credits, CWC also casts independent feature films and innovative television.
Between Gigs Casting
The Between Gigs Casting Agency is based in Manchester, New Hampshire and owned by John Campanello. According to the agency’s website, they specialize in web and TV commercials, corporate videos and print. In addition to matching actors with projects, Between Gigs Casting is also capable of finding other resources for projects including hair & makeup artists, photographers, location scouts, costume & wardrobe specialists. The company is known by regional actors for having an extensive mailing list that’s been responsible for initiating many professional relationships.
LDI Casting
LDI Casting has been representing union and non-union talent since its founding in 2001. Based in Warwick, Rhode Island and created by Anne Mulhall, LDI works with a wide range of clients and budgets, from large productions to student films and all that falls in between. In addition to their casting work, LDI offers coaching and classes for actors of all skill levels, as well as referrals to local crew, soundstage, unions, animal casting, locations and more.
South Shore Casting
South Shore Casting is a full service casting company focusing on the coastal cities south of Boston, Massachusetts, an area locally referred to as the “south shore.” The casting company was founded by Jodi Purdy, a freelance casting director who’s been working with clients in New York, New England, and Hollywood since the early 1980s. South Shore has placed talent for films such as Mystic River, The Departed, Gone Baby Gone, The Game Plan, Pink Panther 2 and Bride Wars.
Resources for Filmmakers in New England.
With the influx of films created in New England over the last decade, the region's infrastructure for professional filmmaking has been greatly enhanced with production studios, tax incentives, and offices dedicated to aiding film production in the area.
New England Film Infrastructure.
When the film industry began shooting films in New England with frequency in the early 2000s, old warehouses and office buildings were used for filming due to a lack of infrastructure in the region, leading to several groups of developers coming forward with plans to build full service studios.
Plymouth Rock Studios
Plymouth Rock Studios was a proposed film studio that was to be located in Plymouth, Massachusetts. The studios were conceived in 2006 when David Kirkpatrick, a former head of Paramount Motion Pictures, announced plans to build a $500 million studio, with 14 sound stages, an office building, post-production facilities, a hotel, restaurants, theater, visitors center and retail space. Plymouth Rock Studios began receiving considerable regional attention after passing their Plymouth Town Meeting vote in October 2008 and announcing a partnership with MIT Media Lab in November 2008 that was featured in the New York Times. The partnership was described as "a fusion between technology and the arts" that the studio and Massachusetts Institute of Technology believe will come to define Hollywood East as a movement.
However, before groundbreaking could begin as planned in late 2009, the state of Massachusetts denied Plymouth Rock’s request for $50 million in state funding that would have been used to pay for road and sewer work. Around this same time, the project’s co-founders missed the deadline to purchase the Waverly Oaks golf course that occupied the land targeted for studio construction.
In a final attempt at funding, Kirkpatrick announced that the project had reached a deal with Prosperity International of Orlando, FL, a company headed by Michael Burgess, to secure $500 million in funding. Plymouth Rock studios gave $3.5 million to Burgess as collateral in return for Burgess promising to secure the loan, however, Burgess never secured the loan and never returned the deposit afterwards. In 2011, Michael Burgess was sentenced to 15 years in prison on 42 counts of wire fraud and conspiracy.
Southfield Studios
Around the same time that Plymouth Rock Studios was beginning to experience financial difficulties, the Los Angeles based International Studio Group proposed another movie studio to be based in Massachusetts called Southfield Studios. These studios were to be built in Weymouth, Massachusetts on the former naval base there just 12 miles south of Boston. The studios were to cost $147 million and power the 600,000 square feet complex that could host all types of media production companies, including movies, television, video games, live broadcasts, satellite simulcasts, music videos and commercials. However, ground was never broken and today Southfield is home to a residential community.
New England Studios
In November 2013, New England Studios (NEStudios) opened its 72,000 sq. foot, $41 million dollar film studio in Devens, Massachusetts to the delight of the regional film community that was disappointed in the failure of Plymouth Rock Studios and Southfield Studios. Four 18,000-sq. ft. sound stages anchor the full-service television and film facility. It is NEStudios’ hope that the new, sheltered facility will attract filmmakers to Massachusetts who previously were averse to filming in the area due to the absence of production facilities and the region’s harsh winters, as well as provide an economic boom to the local film community. NEStudios Director of Marketing and Operations Chris Byers says “The facility is designed to be a "plug and play" and "a home away from home.” NEStudio’s technical capabilities are suited for productions of all needs and include nailable floors, aerial catwalks, elephant doors, as well as office space for staff and dressing rooms for actors.
Massachusetts Film Tax Incentive Program.
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts has incentivized the film industry to create projects in Massachusetts through an attractive tax credit law. For film production companies doing business in Massachusetts, these tax incentives include Sales & Use Tax Exemption, Transferable 25% Payroll Credit, and a Transferable 25% Production Expense Credit.
For productions created in Massachusetts between calendar years 2006 and 2011, approximately $326.5 million in total film tax credits were generated by 676 individual productions, resulting in $185.8 million in net new spending in the Massachusetts economy. In 2011 alone, the state of Massachusetts generated $375 million in economic output through the $38 million worth of tax incentives that were handed out to the film industry, or in other words, generated $10 worth of in-state spending for every $1 awarded through tax credits. This resulted in 2,220 Full Time Equivalent jobs across all industries in Massachusetts in 2011.
According to the Massachusetts Film Office, parties eligible for the tax credit include Feature-length film, video, or digital media projects (narrative or documentary);TV series (not to exceed 27 episodes); and Commercials (multiple commercials for one client may be aggregated). All projects must spend at least $50,000 and be made in part or whole in Massachusetts to be eligible for the credit.
MA Production Coalition.
The Massachusetts Production Coalition is a membership organization representing the interests of the local film, television, and new media industries. The Coalition is widely considered to be the group most involved in working with state legislature to pass the film tax credit law in Massachusetts, a law that has made the state an economically hospitable filmmaking environment and generated millions of dollars in revenue across several Massachusetts industries.
MA Film Office.
The Massachusetts Film Office is the official state agency charged with assisting movie-making, television and commercial production in Massachusetts. The organization’s website serves as a resource for productions interested in learning about filming in Massachusetts by providing a breakdown of the state’s tax incentives, a filmography of films and TV series shot in the state, a directory of filming locations and more.

</doc>
<doc id="5913043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913043" title="Rugby union in Brazil">
Rugby union in Brazil

Rugby union is a minor but growing sport Brazil, with an increasing popularity at universities across the country. 
Rugby union is played regularly in all of Brazil's 26 states and in the Federal District. The sport is not widely played in schools, but is common in universities, more specifically the South, South East as well as parts of Amazon and the North East. The South East usually supplies the largest number of players to the national side. Over 16,000 people play rugby in Brazil.
Brazil also competes in the South American Tournaments Sevens.
The women's National team is the strongest in South America. During the latest Sevens World Cup (Dubai, 2009) it has reached the 10th position.
Governing body.
Rugby union is administered by the Brazilian Rugby Confederation ("Confederação Brasileira de Rugby", or CBRu).
CBRu is sponsored by Topper.
History.
Rugby appears to have been brought to Brazil by British immigrants in the late nineteenth century. The first recorded Brazilian club was founded in 1891, in Rio de Janeiro. In 1891 rugby was introduced in São Paulo Athletic club. The first recorded match took place in 1926 between São Paulo and Santos city representatives. 
The game narrowly missed out being recognised as a national sport by the government, because it was played in four provinces, rather than the required five. The large size of the country, plus the lack of infrastructure in many parts has hindered development of the game, and it remains mainly centred on the east coast.
During the 70s and 80s, because Brazil was not part of the IRFB, a number of teams from South Africa toured Brazil, due to the apartheid era boycott.
Brazil has also been visited by at least two French tours - that of 1974 and that of 1985.
In 1988, rugby was being played in only three of twenty three Brazilian states. However, some progress had been made - in 1963, it was recorded that 95% of Brazilian players were foreigners, and there were only four clubs; by 1988, 75% of Brazilian rugby players were native born, and there were thirty five clubs.
On October 9, 2009, the International Olympic Committee announced that rugby sevens would be part of the 2016 Summer Olympics which will be held in Rio de Janeiro.
National team.
The national team have been playing international matches since the 1950s but have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup. 
The Brazil national rugby union team won five South American Championship B and is now playing the South American Championship A. The Brazil national team are generally ranked around 30th in the world, and have been ranked as the 3rd best South American team since they passed Paraguary in the world rankings in 2008.
The women's national rugby sevens team is the best in South America, and has won all the sevens championships ever played, without losing a single match.
Domestic organisation.
The domestic club competition is the Campeonato Brasileiro de Rugby, or "Super 10", which has been contested annually since 1964.
In television.
The only way to watch rugby union in Brazil is through paid subscriptions, but the vast majority of Brazilians don't have paid TV, resulting in the sport being fairly unknown by the majority of the population. The first rugby union matches shown in Brazil was on ESPN during the 1999 Rugby World Cup (only highlights).
The 2003 Rugby World Cup was the first live broadcast in the country by ESPN, thanks to the ABR efforts to make the IRB send the signal freely to the country.
In 2007 Rugby World Cup ESPN got the 2nd place in audience with the paid channels, having a great coverage of the event sending reporters to France.
In 2011 Pan American Games Rede Record (open air TV) broadcast some Brazilian matches of rugby sevens.
Nowadays the Heineken Cup and Six Nations is transmitted by ESPN and the IRB Sevens World Series is transmitted by BandSports. Brazilians can also watch the France national rugby union team in the Six Nations and Top14, French Club Domestic League by the French channel TV5MONDE.

</doc>
<doc id="5913056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913056" title="DFA Compilation, Vol. 1">
DFA Compilation, Vol. 1

DFA Compilation, Vol. 1 is a compilation of tracks by various artists signed to the dance-punk label The DFA. The only two tracks contributed here that were not produced by The DFA are "Endless Happiness" and "Cone Toaster", both by Black Dice. The compilation was released on September 30, 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913069" title="Rick Tabaracci">
Rick Tabaracci

Richard Stephen Tabaracci (born January 2, 1969) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
Drafted 26th overall in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins, Tabaracci also played for the Winnipeg Jets, Washington Capitals, Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning, Atlanta Thrashers, and Colorado Avalanche. He appeared in 286 NHL games between 1989 and 1999. Tabaracci represented Canada three times at the IIHF World Championships, winning a silver medal in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5913075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913075" title="Hiroshi Noma">
Hiroshi Noma

Noma was born in Kōbe to a devout Buddhist family, and took up literature in 1932 after meeting the poet Takeuchi Shizuo. In 1935 he enrolled at Kyoto University, where he studied French literature with a particular interest in French Symbolist poetry. He also became active in Marxist student movements.
Noma's first long novel, , was published in 1952. It has been called one of the best war novels produced after World War II. In 1971 Noma received the Tanizaki Prize for his 5-volume work . In 1972 he won the Lotus Prize for Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="5913076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913076" title="Stuart Fleetwood">
Stuart Fleetwood

Stuart Keith Wakley Fleetwood (born 23 April 1986) is a footballer who plays as a striker for Eastleigh.
Early life.
Fleetwood was born in Gloucester, Gloucestershire. As a youngster Fleetwood was a talented rugby union fly-half and was part of the Newent team that won the Gloucester Schools Cup. However he eventually decided that football was the better route after he scored 104 goals in one season for Newent youth. He qualifies to play for Wales due to his father Keith, who was born in St Mellons, Cardiff.
Club career.
Cardiff City.
Fleetwood started his career at Cardiff City at the age of 12 when he joined the club's youth programme, and eventually made one first team appearance in two and a half seasons as a professional. On 3 October 2005 Fleetwood was involved in a car accident on his way back from a Cardiff reserve match against Hereford United along with fellow players Nicky Fish, Lloyd Jenkins and Anthony Taylor. The accident occurred on the A40 in Monmouth and all four players had to be cut out of the wreckage of their Vauxhall Corsa after being hit by an articulated lorry. He was later released with minor injuries. He fell out of favour with the club during the 2005–06 season and was placed on the transfer list by the club. However at the time Fleetwood was still suffering the psychological effects of his car crash earlier in the season and he was arrested near Ninian Park for drink-driving where he was found to be over by more than double the legal limit, he was banned from driving for twenty months and fined £455.
Hereford United.
He signed for Hereford United in January 2006, who beat off competition from Hamilton Academical, and made a good start, scoring four goals in five league games. He featured as a substitute in the Conference play-off final win over Halifax Town, and subsequently signed a new one-year contract.
He made a promising start to the season by scoring Hereford's first Football League goal since 1997 and a further goal against Chester. In the League Cup he scored a hat-trick against Championship side Coventry City, becoming the first Hereford player to score a hat-trick in a League Cup tie. He was also called up to the Wales U21's. However his form escaped him after missing several matches due to contracting a virus, which caused him to lose nearly a stone in weight. On 31 January 2007 he was sent out on a month's loan to fellow League Two club Accrington Stanley. He made just three first team appearances after the turn of the year for the Bulls, and was released at the end of the season.
Forest Green Rovers.
In June 2007 Fleetwood signed a one-year deal at Conference side Forest Green Rovers. He started the season in good form for Forest Green and started to attract interest from league scouts after just three months but he quickly moved to quash speculation by saying that he would be happy to see out his contract at the Gloucestershire club. His good form continued to be recognised when he was named as Conference Player of the month for September. In November and December he was a major factor in Forest Green causing an FA Cup upset when they knocked out Football League Two side Rotherham United. The first tie finished 2–2 with Fleetwood scoring both goals before the club won the replay 3–0 with Fleetwood again on the score sheet with one goal. He then found the net once in the following round in a 3–2 defeat at the hands of Football League One side Swindon Town.
Fleetwood's form saw him linked with, among others, Championship sides Charlton Athletic and Crystal Palace. League One clubs Cheltenham Town and Gillingham tabled bids for him in December.
Charlton Athletic.
He joined Charlton Athletic on a three-year deal in June 2008. On 26 September 2008 he joined Football League One side Cheltenham Town on a one-month loan deal. He managed two league goals in his spell at Cheltenham, one coming in a 4–3 victory over Colchester and the other in a 2–2 draw with Stockport despite confessing to being a lifelong Gloucester City AFC supporter, Cheltenham's biggest rivals.
On 30 October 2008 Fleetwood agreed to join League One side Brighton & Hove Albion on loan, initially for one-month. He made his Brighton debut against the 4–1 win over Millwall on 1 November where he came on as a substitute in the 89th minute. He returned to Charlton on 30 January 2009 having scored 2 goals in 11 league appearances.
On 18 March 2009, Fleetwood signed on loan to Football League Two side Exeter City until the end of the 2008–09 season, where he impressed, scoring three goals in eight appearances.
Following promotion to League one, Exeter City made an undisclosed offer to Charlton Athletic for Stuart Fleetwood. Rumours were that a deal was about to go through, however, the new consortium at Charlton banned all transfers, and so the deal was halted. Fleetwood made his long-awaited debut for Charlton Athletic away to Hereford United in the 2010 Football League Cup First Round, entering the field of play in the 82nd minute. It was his only appearance for the Addicks.
On 1 September 2009 on transfer deadline day, Fleetwood returned to Exeter City on a season-long loan deal.
Hereford United.
On 2 July 2010 it was announced that Fleetwood had re-joined Hereford United on a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee. He finished the season as "the Bulls" top scorer with 18 goals, helping the club to survive relegation from the Football League.
On 16 May 2011 Fleetwood met with the chairman of local Herefordshire outfit Woolhope Allstars, who play their football in league 2 of the Herefordshire Sunday League. Fleetwood has taken on an assistant manager post but will continue to play professional football.
Luton Town.
Conference Premier side Luton Town completed the signing of Fleetwood from Hereford on 31 August 2011. He signed a two-year contract after the two clubs agreed an undisclosed fee.
He made his debut on 2 September as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Stockport County, hitting the post in the final minute. The next week he made his full debut at home to Darlington; Luton won the game 2–0 with Fleetwood scoring one and setting up Danny Crow for the other.
Fleetwood began to struggle to score on a regular basis in the league, but when Luton manager Gary Brabin gave him an extended run in the FA Trophy, he struck three times in four matches, including scoring the winner against Kidderminster Harriers in the Third Round. Brabin compared Fleetwood to former French international winger Robert Pires, citing the time it took for Pires to adapt to the league before turning into a consistent player. As the season progressed, Fleetwood gradually began to be used as an impact substitute by Brabin, or played out of position on the wing. After a seven-game winless run for Luton resulted in Brabin's sacking, new manager Paul Buckle began to play Fleetwood regularly as a striker, which saw him score five goals in Buckle's first seven games in charge. He played in Luton's 2–1 play-off final loss to York City, being substituted after an hour. He ended the 2011–12 season as Luton's top scorer with 16 goals in all competitions from 31 starts.
Fleetwood began the 2012–13 season under Buckle in similar goalscoring form, scoring in consecutive games with the equalising goal in a 2–2 draw against Gateshead, both strikes in Luton's 2–0 win against Kidderminster Harriers, and the winning goal in a 2–1 victory over Hyde.
He went on to score seven further goals during the season, but was dropped following a change in management as Buckle was replaced by John Still. On 28 March 2013, Still confirmed that Fleetwood would be released at the end of the season.
Eastleigh.
Fleetwood signed a one-year contract with Conference South club Eastleigh on 18 July 2013.
International career.
Fleetwood has won several caps for the Wales under-21 side, making his debut in 2004 against Latvia U21. His last call up was at Hereford although manager Graham Turner criticised the Welsh FA over the handling of the call up as Hereford did not find out he would be playing for the under-21 side until Fleetwood was already travelling to join the squad and was therefore unavailable for their clash with Rochdale. He has also played for Wales at various other youth levels.
On 30 October 2007 he was called up to the Wales semi-professional under-23 squad to face Italy in the European challenge trophy.
Career statistics.
As of 19 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5913084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913084" title="Tokophobia">
Tokophobia

Tokophobia, otherwise known as 'Enfantaphobia' or fear of childbirth or pregnancy, is a form of specific phobia. Other terms for the condition include tocophobia and parturiphobia.
Psychological disorder.
In 2000, an article published in the British Journal of Psychiatry (2000, 176: 83-85) described the fear of childbirth or pregnancy as a psychological disorder, when it had previously received little to no attention as such, in addition to introducing the term tokophobia (from the Greek "tokos", meaning childbirth and "phobos", meaning fear). Tokophobia is also widely ascribed to the fear of pregnancy, and may also be called "maieusiophobia"
Phobia of childbirth and pregnancy, as with any phobia, can manifest through a number of symptoms including nightmares, difficulty in concentrating on work or on family activities, panic attacks and psychosomatic complaints. Often the fear of childbirth motivates a request for an elective caesarean section. Fear of labor pain is strongly associated with the fear of pain in general; a previous complicated childbirth, or inadequate pain relief, may cause the phobia to develop. 
Debate currently rages within the obstetric and psychiatric communities regarding the woman's right to choose mode of delivery—be it the right of a woman to request a caesarean section, or emphasis on the methods available to help them attempt to overcome their fear of vaginal childbirth. Preliminary Swedish and Finnish reports demonstrated the results of treatment during pregnancy, when more than half of the women withdrew their request after being able to discuss their anxiety and fear and vaginal deliveries after treatment were successful.
Tokophobia is a distressing psychological disorder which may be overlooked by medical professionals; as well as specific phobia and anxiety disorders, tokophobia may be associated with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. Recognition of tokophobia and close liaison with obstetricians or other medical specialists can help to reduce the severity of tokophobia and ensure efficient treatment.
Primary and secondary tokophobia.
A few reactions to childbirth include the following:
"The truth is that the very thought of having something almost alien-like growing inside me is disgusting."
"It's not too strong to say that the very thought of childbirth disgusts me in a big way." 
"It's much more than an anxiety - I am actually physically repulsed by pregnancy and childbirth."
"I even struggle to be around friends when they are pregnant and can't bear to watch or listen to anything about the process of having a baby." 

</doc>
<doc id="5913100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913100" title="Stealin'">
Stealin'

Stealin' (also called "Stealin', Stealin) is an American folk song from the 1920s. The song is particularly identified with the jug band tradition, but gained wider popularity after several folk and blues artists recorded it in the 1960s.
Although different artists have recorded different verses, the chorus has remained consistent:
Origins.
The lines “If you don’t believe I love you, look what a fool I’ve been / If you don’t believe I’d fall for you, look what a hole I’m in” were recorded by the New Orleans jazz musician Clarence Williams in 1921 and again by Leona Williams in 1922 as “If You Don't Believe I Love You, Look What a Fool I've Been.”
Gus Cannon claimed to have written the opening line, "Put your arms around me like a circle 'round the sun." On this basis, Cannon is sometimes credited with authorship of the song. However, this line doesn’t appear in any of his recorded songs. It does appear in the folk song “I Know You Rider” and may actually predate Cannon.
Another lyric associated with Gus Cannon is “She's a married woman, but she comes to see me all the time,” which appeared in his “Minglewood Blues,” recorded January 30, 1928.
Memphis Jug Band.
The song as we know it today was first recorded by the Memphis Jug Band as "Stealin' Stealin'." This recording session took place on September 15, 1928 in Memphis, TN and featured Will Shade (harmonica), Vol Stevens (acoustic guitar), Ben Ramey (kazoo), and Jab Jones (vocals, jug).
The label on this release named Will Shade as the composer, and the copyright is still administered by Shade’s publisher, Peermusic (formerly known as the Southern Music Publishing Company). By some standards, this is correct, as a compilation of earlier lyrics is often equated with authorship in the blues genre. On the other hand, most of the lyrics clearly predated the Memphis Jug Band recording. In any case, this recording provided the basis for modern remakes after it was re-released on a compilation called The Country Blues in 1959. When the Grateful Dead recorded it seven years later, they may have mistakenly attributed the song to Gus Cannon because Cannon's song "Walk Right In" appeared on the same compilation.
Grateful Dead.
The song was part of the first ever release by the San Francisco, CA based psychedelic rock band the Grateful Dead, along with "Don't Ease Me In." The Scorpio Sessions, as the recording session was known, comprised several tracks which were released in limited supply by Scorpio Records in July 1966.
Years later, the sessions would appear of the bands twelve-CD box set "The Golden Road (1965-1973)" released on October 21, 2002 before released as part of the stand-alone album "Birth of the Dead" in March 2003. Other Dead albums the song has appeared on including:
Jerry Garcia also recorded the song with friend and collaborator David Grisman. "Stealin'" appeared performed by them on the album "Shady Grove" in 1996 and on the compilation album "Acoustic Disc 100% Handmade Music, Volume 3" in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="5913108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913108" title="Islam in Gabon">
Islam in Gabon

Approximately 12% of the population of Gabon practice Islam, of which 80 to 90 percent are foreigners.
Islamic, Catholic,and Protestant denominations operate primary and secondary schools in Gabon. These schools are required to register with the Ministry of Education, which is charged with ensuring that these religious schools meet the same standards required for public schools. The government does not contribute funds to private schools, whether religious or secular.
The Gabonese Government celebrates some Christian and Muslim holy days as national holidays. These include Easter Sunday and Monday, Ascension Day, Assumption Day, All Saints' Day, Christmas, Eid al-Kebir, and Eid al-Fitr.
The government television stations accorded free transmission time to the Catholic Church, some Protestant congregations, and Islamic mosques. Some Protestant denominations alleged that the government television station does not accord free airtime to minority religious groups. Protestants have alleged in the past that the armed forces favor Catholics and Muslims in hiring and promotion.
Gabon's executive branch was controlled by a Muslim, Omar Bongo, from 1973 to 2009. Bongo converted to Islam in 1973 and changed his name from Albert-Bernard Bongo to its current form.
In 2004 a first national conference for the Muslims of Gabon was held in the capital city of the country, Libreville, on the theme ‘United for the sake of a flourishing and tolerant Islam’. During the conference, heads of some 34 Islamic societies of Gabon signed an agreement for undertaking coordinated Islamic works on the sidelines of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="5913116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913116" title="Battle of the Wines">
Battle of the Wines

The Battle of the Wines ("fr. La Bataille des Vins"), sometimes called "The Battle of the Blends" was a notable poem written by Henry d'Andeli in 1224 and tells the story of a famous wine tasting organized by the French king Philip Augustus. Over 70 samples from France and across Europe, including Cyprus, Spain and the Mosel region, were tasted and judged by an English priest. The priest classified the wines he tasted as either "Celebrated" for those which pleased him or "Excommunicated" for those that did not meet his standards. In the end a sweet wine from Cyprus (widely believed to be Commandaria) won the overall tasting and was awarded the supreme title of "Apostle".

</doc>
<doc id="5913123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913123" title="International Accounting Education Standards Board">
International Accounting Education Standards Board

The International Accounting Education Standards Board (IAESB) is an independent organisation within the fold of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC). The board develops guidance to improve standards of education in accountancy.
The two main areas of focus are the key elements of accreditation and the requirements of accountants for continuing professional education.
The board also sponsors studies or papers about accounting education that promote discussion and debate on accounting education and development issues.
Organization.
Members of the board may be nominated by IFAC member bodies or by IFAC's Transnational Auditors Committee. 
Public members may be nominated by member bodies, the TAC, other organizations and the general public.
The International Association for Accounting Education & Research (IAAER) has an observer of the board.
An IAAER research program funded by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) creates research reports that inform the IAESB.
The IAESB is subject to the oversight of the Public Interest Oversight Board (PIOB).
Publications.
In January 2010 the IAESB released its Framework for International Education Standards for Professional Accountants.
This paper defines the underlying educational concepts of the IAESB standards, describes the IAESB publications, and affirms the obligations of IFAC member bodies relating to accounting education.
The IAESB periodically updates standards.
In March 2010 the IAESB asked for comments on a proposed revision to the International Education Standard that defined Competence Requirements for Audit Professionals. This is one of the eight standards that address the principles of learning and development for professional accountants.
The IAESB strongly encouraged organizations and individuals to comment on proposed revisions.
In May 2011 the IAESB released a proposed revision of International Education Standard for Assessment of Professional Competence, requesting comments.

</doc>
<doc id="5913124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913124" title="List of compositions for guitar">
List of compositions for guitar

This article lists the classical guitar music in the classical guitar repertoire. It includes baroque guitar and vihuela music, but not lute music. This music is most commonly performed by classical guitarists and requires the use of a variety of classical guitar techniques to play.
During the Renaissance, the guitar was likely to have been used as it frequently is today, to provide strummed accompaniment for a singer or a small group. There also were several significant music collections published during the 16th century of contrapuntal compositions approaching the complexity, sophistication and breadth of lute music from the same time period. Most Renaissance lute music has been transcribed for guitar: See List of composers for lute.
Baroque music describes an era and a set of styles of European classical music which were in widespread use between approximately 1600 to 1750 (see Dates of classical music eras for a discussion of the problems inherent in defining the beginning and end points). This era is said to begin in music after the Renaissance and to be followed by the Classical music era. The original meaning of "baroque" is "irregularly shaped pearl", a strikingly fitting characterization of the architecture and design of this period; later, the name came to be applied also to its music. It is associated with composers such as J.S. Bach, George Friedrich Händel, Antonio Vivaldi, and Claudio Monteverdi. During the period, music theory, diatonic tonality, and imitative counterpoint developed. More elaborate musical ornamentation, as well as changes in musical notation and advances in the way instruments were played also appeared. Baroque music would see an expansion in the size, range and complexity of performance.
Some genres of modern music include atonal music, which rejects the tonal system of nearly all other musical styles, as well as aleatoric, which rejects the absolutism of the composer and allows the player to take an active role in how the piece is played. For example, in Leo Brouwer's Etude No. 20, he supplies a series of melodies that increase in length, and he invites the player to play each section of the melody as many times as he or she chooses. Regional styles are also prevalent in modern guitar music, such as the music of Latin America, where unique harmonies and fresh material can be found.
In the 20th century, many non-guitarist composers wrote for the instrument, whereas previously, only players of the instrument had done so.

</doc>
<doc id="5913127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913127" title="Thomas Ritchie">
Thomas Ritchie

Thomas Ritchie (November 5, 1778 - July 3, 1854) of Virginia was a leading American newspaper journalist, editor and publisher.
Biography.
He read law and medicine, but, instead of practicing either, set up a bookstore in Richmond, Virginia in 1803. He bought out the Republican newspaper the "Richmond Enquirer" in 1804, and made it a financial and political success, as editor and publisher for 41 years. The paper appeared three times a week. Thomas Jefferson said of the "Enquirer", "I read but a single newspaper, Ritchie's Enquirer, the best that is published or ever has been published in America." Ritchie wrote the stirring partisan editorials, clipped the news from Washington and New York papers, and did most of the local reporting himself. For 25 years he was state printer, a method by which his political friends subsidized their most articulate voice.
Ritchie was a leader of the "Richmond Junto," (originally with relatives Spencer Roane and Dr. John Brockenbrough of the Virginia State Bank Ritchie controlled the Republican state committee). Richmond was a violent frontier town when Ritchie arrived. Controversial rival journalist and Jefferson opponent James T. Callender was found drowned in three feet of water in 1803. Nonetheless, Ritchie set up a press and began advocating restrictions on free blacks as well as slave manumissions. Lawyer and Richmond Enquirer founding editor Meriwether Jones died in a duel on August 3, 1806. John Daly Burk and Skelton Jones (Meriwether's brother) also both died in duels before completing a projected four volume history of Richmond. Ritchie editorialized against South Carolina and Georgia reopening the transatlantic slave trade, and later for U.S. intervention in the war of 1812. Political rivals also could find themselves excoriated in the press, and even President James Monroe was not immune. The Democratic-Republican party, once nicknamed the quids and thought more radical than Jefferson, grew increasingly pro-slavery, anti-foreigner and anti-Catholic over time. Committed to democratic reform in representation of the western counties and full manhood suffrage (for whites), Ritchie promoted the 1829 Virginia state constitutional convention. A modernizer, Ritchie came to promote public schools and extensive state internal improvements.
In national politics Ritchie's influence rested first on an alliance with Martin Van Buren. They both promoted William H. Crawford's presidential candidacy, and next that of Andrew Jackson. Ritchie favored the "Old Republican" "principles of '98, '99" against what he considered the corrupting influence of Henry Clay and the divisive tactics of John C. Calhoun, whose nullification and Southern-party policies Ritchie detested. Late in his life, Ritchie denounced abolitionists but supported gradual emancipation.
In 1844 Ritchie supported James K. Polk because of Polk's support for the annexation of Texas. Polk brought Ritchie to Washington to edit the national paper "The Union" (1845 to 1851). Ritchie supported the Compromise of 1850, but the new paper never was as influential as the "Enquirer." Meanwhile, Ritchie had lost his Virginia base, as his son and namesake took over the Richmond Enquirer. In 1846, Thomas Ritchie Jr. killed Richmond Whig founder and editor John Hampden Pleasants, in a duel.

</doc>
<doc id="5913142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913142" title="Texas salamander">
Texas salamander

The Texas salamander, Bexar County salamander, or Edwards Plateau salamander, Eurycea neotenes, is a species of entirely aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States. It is endemic to central Texas, near Helotes, in Bexar County.
Description.
The Texas salamander grows from in length. It is brown in color, often with yellow or brown mottling, with light-yellow spotting down its back. It is neotenic, with a slender body, short limbs, and bright-red external gills. The Texas salamander lives in caves, which resulted in reduced vision in its eyes, due to the long period of time in darkness. It is akin to the Texas blind salamander "Eurycea rathbuni".

</doc>
<doc id="5913166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913166" title="CJPT-FM">
CJPT-FM

CJPT-FM is a radio station, airing at 103.7 FM in Brockville, Ontario, Canada. The station, owned by Bell Media, airs an adult hits format branded as Bob FM.
History.
The station was originally licensed by the CRTC in 1987 to Eastern Broadcasting, the owner of CFJR. Eastern sold both stations to St. Lawrence Broadcasting before the FM station was launched. St. Lawrence launched the FM station in mid-1988 as classic rock CHXL. The former CHXL brandings were XL-103 and The River.
In 1996, both Brockville stations, as well as sister stations CKLC and CFLY in Kingston, were sold to CHUM Limited. On January 1, 2001, CHUM changed CHXL's call sign and format, adopted the current CJPT calls and began airing hot adult contemporary music as 103-7 The Point. On July 14, 2003, CHUM adopted the station's current format and brand name.
CHUM was acquired by CTVglobemedia in 2007, and since CTVglobemedia's 2011 breakup, now owned by Bell Media.

</doc>
<doc id="5913169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913169" title="Republic of Cabinda">
Republic of Cabinda

The Republic of Cabinda (Ibinda: "Kilansi kia Kabinda") also called Republique du Kabinda is a former Portuguese protectorate which then became integrated into Portuguese Angola and is today a province of independent Angola. However, forces of the Cabindan civil society and the Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda-Forças Armadas de Cabinda (FLEC-FAC) claims sovereignty from Angola and have proclaimed the Republic of Cabinda as an independent country. The government of this (internationally not recognized) entity currently operates in exile with offices located in Paris and Pointe Noire, Congo. 
In the 19th century Cabinda was a Portuguese protectorate known as the Portuguese Congo and was administratively separate from the Portuguese West Africa (Angola). In the 20th century Portugal decided to integrate Cabinda into Angola, giving it the status of a district of that "overseas province". During the Portuguese Colonial War, the FLEC fought for the independence of Cabinda from the Portuguese. The independence was proclaimed on 1 August 1975. FLEC formed a provisional government led by Henriques Tiago. Luiz Branque Franque was elected president. 
In January 1975, Angola’s three national liberation movements (People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA), National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA) and National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA)) met with the colonial power in Alvor, Portugal, to establish the modalities of the transition to independence. FLEC was not invited. The Alvor Agreement was signed, establishing Angolan independence and confirming Cabinda as part of Angola. After the Angolan independence came in effect in November 1975, Cabinda was even before entirely occupied by forces of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) which had been present in Cabinda since the mid-1960s, sustaining an anti-colonial guerrilla that was rather more efficient than the one by FLEC. 
For much of the 1970s and 1980s, FLEC operated a low intensity guerrilla war, attacking the troops of what was by then the People's Republic of Angola, led by the MPLA. FLEC's tactics included attacking economic targets and kidnapping foreign employees working in the province’s oil and construction businesses. In July 2006, after ceasefire negotiations, António Bento Bembe – as a president of Cabindan Forum for Dialogue and Peace, vice-president and executive secretary of FLEC – announced that the Cabindan separatist forces were ready to declare a ceasefire. The peace treaty was signed. FLEC-FAC from Paris contends Bembe has no authority or mandate to negotiate with the Angolans and that the only acceptable solution is total independence.
The agreement signed by Antonio Bento Bembe was neither recognized by FLEC nor by the Cabinda civil society.
Geography.
Cabinda is a territory of 7,284 square kilometres in west central Africa with a population of 264,584 in 2006 (estimate), divided between four municipalities of Belize (population: 17,693), Buco Zau (40,019), Cabinda (185,924) and Cacongo (20,948). Cabinda is Angolan exclave, which means that it is not connected to the rest of Angola by land. It borders the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Republic of the Congo to the north, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the east and south. The DR Congo territory along the north bank of the Congo River separates Cabinda from the Angolan mainland.
More than 3,500 people of Cabinda live in refugee camps in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in the Republic of the Congo.
History.
Background.
The Republic of Cabinda traces its claims to self-sovereignty to its initial status as a Portuguese protectorate, known as the Portuguese Congo This protectorate had a separate history and legal status from that of the much larger Portuguese West Africa, dating to its inception on 19 September 1883. Also in the Treaty of Simulambuco and the Berlin Conference in 1885 Cabinda and Angola were treated as distinct entities.
From inception onwards, Cabinda experienced many changes of status within the Portuguese framework, oscillating between positions of relative autonomy and integration within the greater Colony (or Province) of Angola.
Relations with Angola.
During the movement for Angolan independence in the 1960s, the situation became more complex. In May 1963 the Organization of African Unity (OAU) ranked Cabinda as the 39th state still to be decolonized and Angola as the 35th.
In the early 1960s, several independence movements advocating a separate status for Cabinda came into being. The Movement for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda (MLEC) was formed in 1960 under the leadership of Luis Ranque Franque. Resulting from the merger of various émigré associations in Brazzaville, the MLEC rapidly became the most prominent of the separatist movements. A further group was the Alliama (Mayombe National Alliance), representing the Mayombe, a small minority of the population. In an important development, these movements united in August 1963 to form a common, united front called the Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda (FLEC). The leadership role was taken by the MLEC’s Ranque Franque. FLEC established a Cabindan government in exile in Kinshasa. In marked contrast with the FNLA, the FLEC’s efforts to mobilize international support for its government in exile met with little success. In fact, the majority of OAU members, concerned that this could encourage separatism elsewhere on the continent and duly committed to the sanctity of African state borders, firmly rejected recognition of the FLEC’s government in exile. Later, in the course of Angola's turbulent decolonisation process, Ranque Franque proclaimed the independence of the Republic of Cabinda in Kampala on 1 August 1975 at an OAU summit which was discussing Angola at that precise moment. Zairian President Mobutu Sese Seko called for a referendum on the future of the Cabinda. Congolese Prime Minister Henri Lopes is reported to have said at the time that "Cabinda exists as a reality and is historically and geographically different from Angola."
The Alvor Agreement, signed on January 15, 1975, granted Angola independence from Portugal on November 11. The agreement, signed by the MPLA, FNLA, UNITA, and the Portuguese government, was never signed by the FLEC or any representatives of Cabinda. MPLA (mainly Cuban) troops entered Cabinda via Pointe Noire on November 11, 1975 and incorporated Cabinda into Angola proper as "Cabinda Province". The Alvor Agreement states that "Angola constitutes one indivisible unity. In this context, Cabinda is an integral and inalienable part of Angola." At the time, Cabinda was producing nearly all of Angola's oil, which accounted for close to half of the nation's gross national product.
During much of the 1970s and 1980s, FLEC operated a low intensity, guerrilla war, attacking Angolan government troops and economic targets or creating havoc by kidnapping foreign employees working in the province’s oil and construction businesses. In July 2006 after ceasefire negotiations in Brazzaville, António Bento Bembe – as a president of Cabindan Forum for Dialogue and Peace, vice-president and executive secretary of FLEC – announced that the Cabindan separatist forces were ready to declare a ceasefire. The peace was recognized by the United States, France, Portugal, Russia, Gabon, DR Congo, Republic of the Congo, Japan, South Korea, the European Union and the African Union. After the peace agreement, Bento Bembe was elected Minister without portfolio in the Government of Angola. FLEC-FAC from Paris contends Bembe has no authority or mandate to negotiate with the Angolans and that the only acceptable solution is total independence.
During a visit to Washington, D.C. in February 2003, Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos said that he supported a referendum on Cabindan autonomy. However, he stated he intended to consult the Angolan people as well, who likely will be loath to relinquish sixty percent of their nation's oil revenues. FLEC said that it would only consider an East Timor-type referendum, which would grant Cabinda total independence.
Togo football team bus attack.
On 8 January 2010, while being escorted by Angolan forces in Cabinda, the team bus of the Togo national football team was attacked by gunmen as it travelled to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The ensuing gunfight resulted in the deaths of the assistant coach, team spokesman and bus driver, as well as injuring several others.
An offshoot of the FLEC claimed responsibility. Rodrigues Mingas, secretary general of the Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda-Military Position (FLEC-PM), said that his fighters had meant to attack security guards as the convoy passed through Cabinda. "This attack was not aimed at the Togolese players but at the Angolan forces at the head of the convoy," Mingas told France 24 television. "So it was pure chance that the gunfire hit the players. We don't have anything to do with the Togolese and we present our condolences to the African families and the Togo government. We are fighting for the total liberation of Cabinda." FLEC has released an official version of the events of January 8 which suggests that elements of the Angolan secret police and their Cabindan agents were responsible for the attack. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913170" title="Laguna Hills High School">
Laguna Hills High School

Laguna Hills High School is a public high school located in Laguna Hills, California which serves the Saddleback Valley Unified School District. The school has the smallest student enrollment of the district’s four schools at approximately 1,700 students. The mascot for Laguna Hills is the Hawk, and the official colors are brown and gold. 220 credits are required to graduate from Laguna Hills High School.
Academics.
International Baccalaureate.
The International Baccalaureate program at Laguna Hills High School has historically had the highest pass rate for full diploma candidates of the high schools offering the diploma program in SVUSD. In 2007 26 students graduated as full diploma candidates. Competitive and successful Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate programs have a tradition of engaging honors students in curriculum designed to help them succeed in these rigorous exams.
ComedySportz.
ComedySportz has become an integral part of the school's drama department as well as student activities. In only its second year, the troupe placed 2nd at the Fullerton Drama Festival under Theater Games.
Model United Nations (MUN).
The LHHSMUN program is headed by campus MUN advisor, Carri Geiger. The secretary-general for the '12-13 school year is Roohi Kumar. The LHHSMUN conference is held every February. It recently held its 21st annual conference on February 20, 2013. The MUN program is campus -wide, as students are permitted to join MUN as part of a class (9th and 10th grades). During 11th and 12th grade, MUN is taken as an elective. It is important to maintain in mind that MUN can be joined and left any year, but leaving in one year and joining in a different year, other than the consecutive, will cause the student to lose whatever standing (novice (first-year) or advanced (2nd year +)) he had and be demoted to novice.
Key Club.
Under the supervision of Greg Roberts, Laguna Hills Key Club is one of the largest and the most active club on campus. As of November 2009, there are over 100 active and participating members. Members regularly meet in the Theater every Monday at lunch. 
Athletics.
LHHS has a proud history of athletic excellence, with 17 different sports entering into CIF play during the 2006-2007 school year. Football, Wrestling, Softball, Baseball, Boys and Girls Basketball, Cross Country and Track & Field won the league championship. Girls Basketball and Wrestling both won CIF titles. Work on the school's new stadium was finished in August 2007 so that games can be played at LHHS rather than in the stadium at nearby Mission Viejo High School. Each student must have completed four semesters of physical education before they graduate.
Girls' basketball.
- Megan Aaker CIF MVP
- Lauren Engeln CIF MVP
- Lauren Engeln CIF MVP
-Celia Marfone CIF MVP

</doc>
<doc id="5913174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913174" title="Pandulf II of Capua">
Pandulf II of Capua

Pandulf II (or III), called the Black ("Niger") or the Young, was the son and successor of Landulf VII of Capua in 1007. He ruled jointly with his uncle, Pandulf II of Benevento, who was originally his regent, until the latter's death in 1014.
It is recorded that he ruled jointly with his father, but from what date is unknown. In February 1016, he associated his cousin Pandulf IV with him. Thereafter, he disappears from records.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5913180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913180" title="Expungement">
Expungement

In the common law legal system, an expungement proceeding is a type of lawsuit in which a first time offender of a prior criminal conviction seeks that the records of that earlier process be sealed, thereby making the records unavailable through the state or Federal repositories. If successful, the records are said to be "expunged". "Black's Law Dictionary" defines "expungement of record" as the "Process by which record of criminal conviction is destroyed or sealed from the state or Federal repository." While expungement deals with an underlying criminal record, it is a civil action in which the subject is the petitioner or plaintiff asking a court to declare that the records be expunged.
A very real distinction exists between an expungement and a pardon. When an expungement is granted, the person whose record is expunged may, for most purposes, treat the event as if it never occurred. A pardon (also called "executive clemency") does not "erase" the event; rather, it constitutes forgiveness. In the United States, an expungement can be granted only by a judge; while a pardon can be granted only by the President of the United States for federal offenses, and the state governor, certain other state executive officers, or the State Board of Pardons and Paroles (varies from state to state) for state offenses, 
Each jurisdiction whose law allows expungement has its own definitions of expungement proceedings. Generally, expungement is the process to "remove from general review" the records pertaining to a case. In many jurisdictions, however, the records may not completely "disappear" and may still be available to law enforcement, to sentencing judges on subsequent offenses, and to corrections facilities to which the individual may be sentenced on subsequent convictions.
Australia.
Criminal records in each state of Australia are the covered by state law. In New South Wales, the relevant legislation is the Criminal Records Act 1991. Under the Act, an offender's criminal record may become spent if they do not re-offend for a period of 10 years. Offences resulting in a prison term of more than six months will not become spent. Additionally, for certain employment occupations (e.g. education or child services), a "full disclosure" check is required, and spent convictions are still visible.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom the term "spent conviction" is used. The relevant legislation is the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974. In the data retention model of the Police National Computer, arrests which do not lead to a finding of guilt "step down" as soon as the relevant decision is made (typically a "not guilty" verdict or a dismissal of charges) and become visible to law enforcement only. Records of cautions and minor convictions do not step down and remain on the PNC and on enhanced CRB checks until the offender's 100th birthday.
United States.
In the United States, criminal records may be expunged, though laws vary by state. Many types of offenses may be expunged, ranging from parking fines to felonies. In general, once sealed or expunged, all records of an arrest and/or subsequent court case are removed from the public record, and the individual may legally deny or fail to acknowledge ever having been arrested for or charged with any crime which has been expunged.
However, when applying for a state professional license or job that is considered a public office or high security (such as security guard, law enforcement, or related to national security), you must confess that you have an expunged conviction or else be denied clearance by the DOJ. There is no post-conviction relief available in the federal system, other than a presidential pardon.
Congressman Charles B. Rangel proposed the Second Chance Act in 2007, 2009, and 2011, which was intended to " the federal criminal code to allow an individual to file a petition for expungement of a record of conviction for a nonviolent criminal offense".
Permissibility.
Eligibility for an expungement of an arrest, investigation, detention, or conviction record will be based on the law of the jurisdiction in which the record was made. Ordinarily, only the subject of the record may ask that the record be expunged. Often, the subject must meet a number of conditions before the request will be considered. Some jurisdictions allow expungement for the deceased.
Requirements often include one or more of the following:
Types of convictions that are often not eligible for expungement include:
In some jurisdictions, all records on file within any court, detention or correctional facility, law enforcement or criminal justice agency concerning a person's detection, apprehension, arrest, detention, trial or disposition of an offense within the criminal justice system can be expunged. Each state sets its own guidelines for what records can be expunged, or for whether expungements are available at all. The petitioner requesting an expungement of all or part of their record will have to complete forms and instructions to submit to the appropriate authority. The petitioner may choose to hire an attorney to guide them through the process, or he/she can decide to represent themselves. This is called appearing pro se.
Most jurisdictions have laws which allow - or possibly even require - the expungement of juvenile records once the juvenile reaches a certain age. In some cases, the records are destroyed; sometimes they simply are "sealed." The purpose of these laws is to allow a minor who was accused of criminal acts, or in the language of many juvenile courts, "delinquent acts," to erase his record, typically at the age of 17 or 18. The idea is to allow the juvenile offender to enter adulthood with a "clean slate," shielding him or her from the negative effects of having a criminal record.
Petition for Expungement.
California's expungement law permits someone convicted of a crime to file a Petition for Dismissal with the court to re-open the case, set aside the plea, and dismiss the case. In order for one to qualify for expungement, the petitioner must have completed probation, paid all fines and restitution, and not currently be charged with a crime. If the requirements are met for eligibility, a court may grant the petition if it finds that it would be in the interest of justice to do so. A successful expungement will not erase the criminal record, but rather the finding of guilt will be changed to a dismissal. The petitioner then can honestly and legally answer to a question about their criminal history, with some exceptions, that they have not been convicted of that crime. What is actually stated on the record of the case is that the case was dismissed after conviction. If the petitioner is later convicted of the same crime again, then the expungement may be reversed.
Certificate of Rehabilitation.
For persons who serve sentences in the state prison system (felons), they must apply to the Superior Court for a Certificate of Rehabilitation (CR). The CR does not remove or expunge anything negative from the individual's record; however, it places something positive on it. Among other requirements, the applicant must live in California and have done so for at least 5 consecutive years prior to applying, and been law-abiding for 7 years starting from the sooner of their release from prison or court supervision. After they meet all requirements and receive a CR, certain of their rights are restored. and a request for a pardon is automatically sent to the governor.
Sealing juvenile records.
Juvenile criminal court records remain unless the individual petitions to have them sealed. This may be done when they reach their 18th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="5913182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913182" title="Google Account">
Google Account

A Google Account is a user account that provides access to Google-owned services such as Blogger, YouTube, and Google Groups. A Google Account sign up automatically creates a Gmail email account where as before Google Accounts could be email addresses other than Gmail. An account can be created by signing up for an email address with Gmail, but there are other ways. Accounts in EU countries used to employ the 'googlemail.com' domain because Google did not own the trademark. Google recently resolved the domain dispute, and now all users login with the Gmail domain, or by using an existing address from another provider.
After a Google Account is created, users can add other Google applications. Account settings are stored in one place, but many applications may store their own settings. Applications that may be accessed using a Google Account include:
YouTube and Blogger maintain their own accounts for users that registered with the services before Google bought them. However, effective April 2011 YouTube users are now required to link to a separate Google Account if they wish to continue to log into that service.
Users with a Google account can create a publicly accessible Google profile, which they can use to control how they are presented on Google products to other Google users. A Google profile can be linked to a user's profiles on various social-networking and image-hosting sites, as well as user blogs.
A Google Account can also be used by third party service providers. These providers can delegate user authentication to Google.
Blocking accounts.
Google may block an account for various reasons, such as "unusual activity" or entering an age "not old enough" to own a Google account. Reactivation is possible using web-forms, providing proof of identity through valid photo ID, or a small credit card payment (at a cost of 0.30 USD). Other methods (such as sending a fax or uploading some requested document) require human interaction and may take some "days or a couple of weeks" to be accomplished.
Security.
While creating a Google account, users are asked to provide a recovery email address to allow them to reset their password if they have forgotten it, or if their account is hacked. In some countries, such as the United States, the United Kingdom and India, Google may also require one-time use of a mobile phone number to send an account validation code by SMS text messaging or voice message when creating a new account. 
Google also offers a 2-step verification option—for additional security against hacking—that requests a validation code each time the user logs into their Google account. The code is either generated by an application ("Google Authenticator") or received from Google as an SMS text message, a voice message, or an email to another account. Trusted devices can be "marked" to skip this 2-step log-on authentication. When this feature is switched on, software that cannot provide the validation code (e.g. IMAP and POP3 clients) must use a unique 16-character alphanumeric password generated by Google instead of the user's normal password.
On June 5, 2012, a new security feature was introduced to protect users from state-sponsored attacks. Whenever Google analysis indicate that a government has attempted to compromise an account, a notice will be displayed that reads "Warning: We believe state-sponsored attackers may be trying to compromise your account or computer."
Third party use.
A provider of a web application which requires users to log in can delegate this work to Google. When a user tries to gain access to a secure resource on the third party website they are redirected to the Google Accounts login page. Here they will see an explanation of why they need to log in with their Google credentials. Any data which is to be shared with the third party will also be listed on this screen. Once authentication has succeeded the user is redirected back to the referring site along with a token identifying them as having logged in via Google.

</doc>
<doc id="5913204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913204" title="Homalonychus">
Homalonychus

The Homalonychidae are a very small spider family with three described species in one genus, Homalonychus.
They do not build webs and are typically found under rocks or dead vegetation. At least the two North American species live in deserts, to which they are adapted by color and specialized setae which allow them to attach sand and fine soil to themselves. They also partially bury themselves.
Distribution.
Two species are found in the southern USA and Mexico. "H. theologus" is mostly found west of the Colorado River, "H. selenopoides" mostly to the east, with some populations in Death Valley and near Mercury, Nevada.
In 1991 a species from India was described; however, according to Platnick, this third species was misplaced in this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="5913215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913215" title="Center for the Study of Political Graphics">
Center for the Study of Political Graphics

The Center for the Study of Political Graphics (CSPG) is a United States non-profit, educational and research archive that collects, preserves, documents, and circulates domestic and international political posters relating to historical and contemporary movements for social change. From its base in Los Angeles, California, CSPG organizes travelling exhibitions, lectures, and workshops, and publishes educational material. Their website also hosts virtual exhibitions.
CSPG was founded in 1989. The archive currently contains more than 60,000 posters and has the largest collection of post-World War II social justice posters in the United States and the second largest in the world. Media and techniques represented include offset, lithography, linocut, woodblock, silkscreen, stencil, and photocopy. All prints are catalogued to aid researchers. CSPG’s traveling exhibitions are presented from a multi-issue and multicultural perspective, and tend to focus on current issues. For example, upon the death of Ronald Reagan, CSPG mounted an exhibition of anti-Reagan posters. In the wake of the 2006 Great American Boycott, CSPG organized a labor-themed exhibition. They are mounted at various galleries and other institutions, and are accompanied by translations and other material. In the last seventeen years, CSPG exhibitions have toured to more than 280 venues worldwide. CSPG also loans out prints to other institutions for exhibit.
CSPG depends upon the donation of posters to make this resource as representative as possible of the many historical and ongoing struggles.

</doc>
<doc id="5913228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913228" title="DFA Compilation, Vol. 2">
DFA Compilation, Vol. 2

DFA Compilation, Vol. 2 is a three disc box set released by the dance-punk label DFA Records. It contains tracks and remixes of various artists signed to DFA Records as well as other artists with a close affinity to the label. The first two discs are a collection of recording previously only available on 12-inch vinyl. The third disc is a mix CD of tracks featured on the compilation, and some others, mixed by Tim Goldsworthy and Tim Sweeny. The compilation was released on November 2, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5913232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913232" title="Connell">
Connell

Connell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5913233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913233" title="Scripps Treasure Coast Newspapers">
Scripps Treasure Coast Newspapers

The Treasure Coast Newspapers serve residents in five counties located along the Treasure Coast and The Gold Coast of southeast Florida, one of the wealthiest markets in the country. They are owned by the E. W. Scripps Company and have a daily circulation of 100,000. 
Three newspapers have both daily and Sunday circulation: The Stuart News, purchased by Scripps in 1965; The Indian River Press Journal in Vero Beach, purchased in 1996 and The St. Lucie News-Tribune in Fort Pierce/Port St. Lucie, purchased in 2000. The Treasure Coast Newspapers also publishes the weeklies The Jupiter Courier, acquired by Scripps in 1978; as well as business and lifestyle publications.
Its website, tcpalm.com, gives access to all the stories, features, photos, graphics, video and other local content developed by Scripps Treasure Coast Newspapers, WPTV NewsChannel 5, TCPalm.com and their partners the "Sun-Sentinel" for readers with an active subscription. 

</doc>
<doc id="5913236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913236" title="Halidae">
Halidae

The Halidae are a tiny spider family with only three described species in two genera. As of 2006, this family is no longer considered valid; the two genera are instead grouped in the family Pisauridae.
Distribution.
This family is endemic to Madagascar.
Species.
"Hala" Jocqué, 1994
"Tolma" Jocqué, 1994

</doc>
<doc id="5913251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913251" title="The Coastline">
The Coastline

The Coastline is a film by Peter Greenaway, made in 1983. Also known as The Sea in Their Blood, and exhibited at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, UK, as Beside the Sea. It is a mockumentary or "artificial documentary", featuring images of the British seaside and voiceovers of endless dubious statistics. For example:
"Most fish is eaten in Britain fried in batter and breadcrumbs. 10 percent is boiled, 5 percent grilled, 3 percent is steamed. Very little is eaten raw except by cats and in Japanese restaurants, 29 in London and 1 in Milton Keynes."
Sources.
Produced by Annabel Olivier Wright

</doc>
<doc id="5913254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913254" title="Justiciar of Scotia">
Justiciar of Scotia

The Justiciar of Scotia (in Norman-Latin, "Justiciarus Scotie") was the most senior legal office in the High Medieval Kingdom of Scotland. "Scotia" (meaning Scotland) in this context refers to Scotland to the north of the River Forth and River Clyde.
The institution has some Anglo-Norman origins, but in Scotland north of the Forth it represented some form of continuity with an older office, a senior version of a "Judex", a native Scottish lawman often with province-wide responsibilities. Mormaer Causantín of Fife was styled "judex magnus" (i.e. "great Brehon") in Scotia, and it is probable that the Justiciarship of Scotia was just a further Latinisation/Normanisation of that position. By the middle of the thirteenth century, the responsibilities of the Justiciar became fully formalised. He supervised the activity and behaviour of royal sheriffs and sergeants, held courts and reported on these things to the king personally.
List of Justiciars of Scotia, to 1328.
The following list, going up to 1328, consists of names who appears as Justiciar of Scotia in sources. The sources, especially in the twelfth century, are far from exhaustive, and so many names are doubtless missing. Note also that, in the earliest period, there could be more than one Justiciar in operation at the same point in time.

</doc>
<doc id="5913257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913257" title="William Pleeth">
William Pleeth

William Pleeth OBE (12 January 19166 April 1999) was a well-known British cellist and an eminent teacher, who became widely known as the teacher of Jacqueline du Pré.
Biography.
Early years.
William Pleeth was born in London. His parents were Jewish immigrants from Warsaw, Poland. Many generations of his family had been professional musicians. He started to learn the cello at six and his talent was quickly noticed. At nine he became a pupil of Herbert Walenn at the London Cello School.
At thirteen Pleeth won a two-year scholarship to study with Julius Klengel at the Conservatory in Leipzig. He was the youngest person ever to receive this scholarship at the time. Pleeth much appreciated Klengel. He said: "He was a wonderful teacher because he allowed you to be yourself. He hated it if someone copied him. He wanted us to develop our own musicality - and we did, and we're all different after all. Emanuel Feuermann and Gregor Piatigorsky were both Klengel pupils and they were totally different in their style of playing. Klengel himself was a very simple, unsophisticated man whose integrity was unquestionable. He was always honest and I loved him for it."
When he was fifteen years old, he had learned all the Cello Suites of Bach, all "Caprices" by Piatti and 32 cello concertos. At fifteen he played a piece for four cellos by Klengel with Emanuel Feuermann, Fritz Schertel and Julius Klengel in Leipzig. In the same year, 1931, he gave his first public performance of Dvořák's Cello Concerto at the Conservatory in Leipzig. The same year he also made his debut as soloist with the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra with Haydn's Cello Concerto in D major.
Early career.
In 1933 he played in many BBC broadcasts and made his debut at the Aeolian Hall in London with the Dvořák Concerto as a soloist of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra conducted by Leslie Heward. From this moment his career took off.
In 1940 Pleeth performed the Schumann Cello Concerto with the BBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Sir Adrian Boult. From 1936 to 1941 he was a member of the Blech String Quartet.
War and marriage.
During the Second World War Pleeth served five years in the British Army. In 1942 he married the pianist Margaret Good. They performed together for more than forty years and made numerous recordings together. They had a son and a daughter. After the war Pleeth's solo career and his recitals with Margaret Good reached international status.
During the war Pleeth served in the same regiment with the composer Edmund Rubbra, with whom he became lifelong friends. Edmund Rubbra wrote his "Sonata for Cello and Piano" for Pleeth and Good. He also wrote his "Soliloqui" for cello and orchestra for Pleeth. Among the other composers who wrote pieces for Pleeth were Franz Stein Travel, Gordon Jacob, Mátyás Seiber and Benjamin Frankel.
Chamber music.
In 1952 Pleeth formed the original Allegri String Quartet with violinists Eli Goren and James Barton and violist Patrick Ireland. For him, chamber music was the most satisfying form of music-making. He said: "Chamber music has always been a passion with me, and I return to it more and more. Not only is the concert itself an exciting experience but it is the satisfaction of working out a piece of music with three other human beings for whom you have affection. In many ways, a solo career is, for me, unsatisfying. I don't care for the solitary travelling, and like even less the isolation of being confronted by a large orchestra and an 'eminent' conductor."
He often performed Schubert's String Quintet and the Sextets of Johannes Brahms with the Amadeus Quartet and other well-known quartets.
Teacher.
William Pleeth was a professor of cello at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London from 1948 to 1978. From 1977 he was a visiting professor at the Yehudi Menuhin School and the Royal College of Music. He was much loved by his students, the most famous of them being Jacqueline du Pré, who named him her "cello daddy". She described him as "an extraordinary teacher who knew exactly how to guide someone or to correct an error with kindness and understanding. " Pleeth taught Jacqueline du Pré for seven years, first privately, later at the Guildhall School. Some of his hundreds of other students are Frans Helmerson, Stephen Lansberry, Natasha Brofsky, Colin Carr, Anssi Karttunen, Martin Rummel, Paul Watkins, Sophie Rolland and his own son Anthony Pleeth.
He stopped performing in the early 1980s, but continued teaching until his death. His masterclasses were so appreciated that he had hundreds of students from all the continents.
Last years.
In 1989, Pleeth was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his outstanding achievements. On 12 January 1996, his 80th birthday, a celebration concert was given for him by friends and students in the Wigmore Hall. The Brindisi String Quartet, Trevor Pinnock and Anthony Pleeth performed Haydn, Mozart and Schubert. All revenues were donated to the Jacqueline du Pré Multiple Sclerosis Research Fund.
William Pleeth lived with Margaret Good in Finchley, North London. He died on 6 April 1999, aged 83, having fought leukemia for four years. He was survived by his wife, his son and daughter and three grandchildren.
On 12 January 2000 the "William Pleeth Memorial Concert" was held at the St John's Church in London. His son Anthony, granddaughter Tatty Theo (both cellists) and his granddaughter Lucy Theo (violinist) performed, together with two of his pupils, Robert Cohen and Colin Carr.

</doc>
<doc id="5913261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913261" title="Murray Cook (baseball)">
Murray Cook (baseball)

George Earl Murray Cook (born December 6, 1940, at Sackville, New Brunswick) is a Canadian scout and former front office executive in Major League Baseball. He was the general manager of three MLB teams: the New York Yankees (1983-1984); the Montreal Expos (1984-1987); and the Cincinnati Reds (1988-1989).
Pirates and Yankees.
Cook began his baseball career as an infielder in the Pittsburgh Pirates farm system in 1962. He then became a scout and farm system administrator, serving Pittsburgh as assistant director of Minor League operations (1972–77), then director of scouting (1977–82). He was named the Yankees' scouting director in January 1983.
Yankees.
Cook was promoted to general manager of the New York Yankees on June 30, 1983 after Bill Bergesch was fired. With manager Billy Martin at the helm the whole season, the team showed a marked improvement, posting a 91-71 record, good for third place. However, George Steinbrenner fired Martin for the third time after the season, and brought in Yogi Berra as the new manager. Cook had little say in these matters. Murray Cook earned Steinbrenner's wrath when the Oakland Athletics selected pitcher Tim Belcher from the Yankees in the free agent compensation draft on February 8, 1984. Belcher had been the first player selected in the 1983 amateur draft but had refused to sign with the Minnesota Twins at the time; the Yankees had scored a coup by selecting him in the secondary phase of the January 1984 amateur draft and signing him to a contract a few days later. However, they had already submitted their list of protected players for the free agent draft and were unable to add the newly signed Belcher, leading to his selection by the Athletics. A furious Steinbrenner reduced Cook's responsibilities, leaving a void in the front office until he named Clyde King as his replacement on April 9. Cook inherited the title of Vice-President and Director of Scouting in the shuffle, as Steinbrenner stated that "I take the blame of asking a young man to move too fast too soon". He stayed in that role for a few months until he submitted his resignation on August 20, 1984, explaining that he wanted to have a decision-making role again.
Expos.
On August 30, the Montreal Expos' fired manager Bill Virdon, followed five days later by general manager John McHale. Cook was hired on September 5. His first action after taking over was to hire Buck Rodgers, who had just won the Minor League Manager of the Year Award by leading the Expos' AAA farm team, the Indianapolis Indians to a 91-63 record and the American Association championship.
Due to a tight budget set by the Expos ownership, Cook had to rely on trades instead of signing free agents. He traded away Gary Carter, Bill Gullickson, and Jeff Reardon in order to acquire promising minor league talent. He became known for picking up prospects that other teams were willing to discard, such as Dennis Martínez and Pascual Pérez. He also used the Rule 5 draft to acquire Jeff Parrett.
Scandal.
On August 11, 1987, The Expos called a hasty press conference to announce Cook had been fired and Vice-President for Baseball Administration Bill Stoneman was taking over as general manager. Over the next few weeks, rumours began circulating that the firing was not for baseball reasons. In fact, Murray Cook had been dismissed for having an affair with Pamela Brochu, wife of Expos President and CEO Claude Brochu. Cook broke up with his wife of many years to marry his former boss's wife.
Reds.
After the 1987 season, he was hired to replace Bill Bergesch (the same man he had replaced in New York) as GM of the Cincinnati Reds. They finished second in 1988 and won three more games than the previous season. However, in 1989 the Reds fell to fifth due to the turmoil surrounding manager Pete Rose being banned from baseball. Cook was replaced by Bob Quinn after the season.
Later career.
From 2002 through 2006, Cook was a major league scout for the Boston Red Sox, joining Boston after nearly a decade as a scout for the Florida Marlins. Since the season, he has been the East Coast regional crosschecker for the Detroit Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="5913278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913278" title="Pablo Stoll">
Pablo Stoll

Pablo Stoll (born 1974) is a Uruguayan film director and screenwriter.
He attended the Catholic University of Uruguay where he studied Social communication, it was here that he started to direct short films and his collaboration with fellow student Juan Pablo Rebella first began. After graduating in 1999 he and Rebella started work on their first feature film, "25 Watts" (2001), it went on to win several international awards: Best Feature Film Award at the Rotterdam International Film Festival, Best 1st Feature Film Award at La Habana Film Festival, FIPRESCI Award and Best Male Actor Award at the Independent Film Festival Buenos Aires.
In 2004 Stoll and Rebella released their second feature film "Whisky". It was a surprise hit at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival opening to much acclaim, winning the Regard Original Award. "Whisky" also won the Sundance/NHK International Filmmakers Award for Latin-America.
Stoll's first film following Rebella's suicide, "Hiroshima" (2009), is "a silent musical" in which all verbal communication was reduced to brief intertitles.
In-between his film projects Stoll works as a freelance director for advertising and TV.
His upcoming film "3" has been selected to be screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5913284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913284" title="André Simon (wine)">
André Simon (wine)

André Simon (28 February 1877 – 5 September 1970) was a French-born wine merchant, gourmet, and prolific writer about wine. Hugh Johnson describes him as "the charismatic leader of the English wine trade for almost all of the first half of the 20th century, and the grand old man of literate connoisseurship for a further 20 years".
Biography.
Simon was born in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France. At 17 he was sent to Southampton, UK, to learn English, where he met Edith Symons, whom he married in 1900. Two years later he became the London agent for the champagne house of Pommery & Greno, based at 24 Mark Lane. Within four years he discovered his talent for writing, with "The History of the Champagne Trade in England" published in installments in the "Wine Trade Review". In 1908 he created the Wine Trade Club with friends, organising tastings and technical lectures that foreshadowed the Institute of Masters of Wine 45 years later. 
This all came to an end in the war of 1914–18, which saw him spend four years in the French Artillery, first as a regimental postman, and later as a liaison officer with the British. In 1919 he bought two homes, 6 Evelyn Mansions near Victoria Station, and Little Hedgecourt, in Felbridge, Surrey. He developed the garden at Little Hedgecourt, turning part of it into a cricket pitch and open-air theatre. However, on 20 September 1931 Britain came off the gold standard, sterling crashed against the French franc, and Simon found himself unable to pay Pommery for his stock. Pommery summarily ended their association on 30 November 1932. 
On 23 October 1931, Simon and a group of friends held a dinner in honour of Professor George Saintsbury, author of the classic "Notes on a Cellar Book". Although the retired professor would have nothing to do with them, this gathering turned into the Saintsbury Club, which continues to this day. One of those present was AJA Symons (no relation to Simon's wife), a dilettante in the publishing trade whom Simon had met some years earlier. On 20 October 1933, the two established the Wine & Food Society, with Simon as President (and Editor of the Society journal, "Wine and Food"), and Symons as Secretary handling the business side. The Society held its first banquet at the Savoy in January 1934. With the ending of Prohibition in the United States in 1933, Simon made his first trip to North America the following year. On 11 December 1934, he founded in New York a branch of what would become the International Wine & Food Society, and branches across the US, Australia and South Africa soon followed. His great friend Symons died of a brain haemorrhage on 26 August 1941, and Simon took over control of the Society from that point. He finally ceded control of the journal to Condé Nast Publications in 1962. The Spring 1963 edition was the first under its new editor, a former copywriter on "Vogue" called Hugh Johnson. 
André Simon died in 1970. He believed that "a man dies too young if he leaves any wine in his cellar"; there were only two magnums of claret left in his personal cellar at his death. On what would have been his 100th birthday in 1977, 400 guests gathered at the Savoy to drink to his memory with Château Latour 1945 that he had left for the occasion. Despite living in England most of his life, he remained a French citizen and was an Officier de la Légion d'Honneur as well as a CBE.
Writing.
After "The History of the Champagne Trade in England", Simon wrote perhaps his most distinctive book, "The History of the Wine Trade in England from Roman Times to the End of the 17th Century", in three volumes (1906, 1907 and 1909). During World War I he wrote his biggest seller, "Laurie's Elementary Russian Grammar", which was printed in huge numbers by the British War Office. After his split with Pommery he was able to devote himself to writing, with "A Concise Encyclopedia of Gastronomy" selling 100,000 copies. He wrote 104 books during his 66-year writing career. He loved books; in 1919 he published the "Bibliotheca vinaria", a 340-page catalogue of the books he had collected for the Wine Trade Club.
As a Frenchman, his English prose was heavily influenced by the man who gave him his first break in writing – A. S. Gardiner of the "Wine Trade Review". Simon once described a wine as "a girl of fifteen, who is already a great artist, coming on tip-toe and curtseying herself out with childish grace and laughing blue eyes." Hugh Johnson has called Simon's "figures of speech and choice of phrases deliciously oblique"; Michael Broadbent admires the "pure poetry" of his writing, calling Simon his favourite writer. However, not everyone appreciates such purple prose; Robert Parker developed his 100-point rating scale as a reaction against this style of writing.
Awards.
In February 1965, Simon established the André Simon Award for gastronomic literature, with a prize of 100 guineas. The Awards continue to this day, judged by the Trustees of the André Simon Memorial Fund. They are joined by a wine expert and a food expert invited by the Trustees. A shortlist of 6 food books and 6 wine books is published in November, with the final Awards made in March. The prize money has increased to £2000 for the winner in each category, and the "Special Commendation" earns £1000.

</doc>
<doc id="5913287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913287" title="Mike's Song">
Mike's Song

Mike's Song is a song by the rock band Phish. Originally written in 1985, and debuting that year on October 17, bass player Mike Gordon's song has been played a total of 457 times (appearing in 28% of all of Phish live shows), the third most played song in Phish history (after You Enjoy Myself and Possum). Though never officially confirmed, the song may have been originally titled "Microdot", according to comments made after its first known appearance on 10-17-85 (He either says Mike wrote that or Microdot).
It was released on the Slip, Stitch and Pass album.
"Mike's Groove".
Mike's Song is the first song in a series of three songs known to Phish fans as "Mike's Groove", which traditionally consists of Mike's Song > I Am Hydrogen > Weekapaug Groove. The songs work well together as the music of Weekapaug Groove is the chorus of Mike's song played twice as fast, though in a different key.
This musical trinity of segues resembles the Grateful Dead's Help on the Way > Slipknot! > Franklin's Tower jam. Mike's Groove is either altered or extended - I Am Hydrogen may be replaced by or sandwiched between other songs, usually the song "Simple" (Which is also sometimes included in the standard Mike's Song > I Am Hydrogen > Weekapaug Groove and placed somewhere before "I Am Hydrogen.") However, other songs are also often used, including but not limited to "Contact", "Free", "Harry Hood", "Frankie Says", or "Tela", the latter adding considerable playing time to that particular Groove. 
The entire "Mike's Groove" may sometimes take up an entire set, or sometimes only 10 minutes. This is because of the many ever-changing jams; 2 in Mike's Song (sometimes the second, more experimental one is cut off), jams in whatever song(s) they segue into from Mike's, and usually one at the end of Weekapaug Groove. Sometimes (i.e., Raleigh 22/07/97), they segue into Mike's from somewhere else, extending the groove ever further. 
There are also several notable versions of Mike's Song that segue directly into Weekapaug Groove, with those two songs lasting nearly (or more than) 30 minutes (12/1/95 Hershey and 12/7/95 Niagara).
Twice in 2003 Weekapaug Groove was played without Mike's Song at all, these were the only 2 times Weekapaug has been played without Mike's Song. 
I Am Hydrogen was also played by itself for the first time since 1987 on 10/7/99.

</doc>
<doc id="5913303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913303" title="Honda Pacific Coast">
Honda Pacific Coast

The PC800 Pacific Coast is a touring motorcycle made in Japan by Honda between 1989 and 1998 and named after California's Pacific Coast Highway. Over 14,000 were sold in North America, Europe and Japan, with a three-year hiatus between two production runs. The bike is noted for a single integrated trunk straddling the rear wheel, full bodywork, and distinctive two-tone paint.
Like the earlier Honda Goldwing and later Rune, the Pacific Coast had been conceived and designed by Honda Research America specifically for the US market.
Though subsequent Honda motorcycles would feature integral, side-opening trunks — namely the Deauville/NT700V, ST1100, Gold Wing and ST1300 — the company abandoned the Pacific Coast's wheel-straddling, top-opening trunk concept.
An unorthodox motorcycle.
According to a 1998 Motorcycle.org article, "when the PC debuted, it was considered a radical bike." The PC800 departed convention with its integral trunk, extensive bodywork and marketing aimed at the "white-collar professional."
Marketing.
In addition to naming the PC800 after an important American highway, Honda reinforced the association between the motorcycle and other notable highways of the world; advertising copy from the 1994 Pacific Coast brochure highlighted the famed Amalfi Drive and Blue Ridge Parkway, along with, of course, the Pacific Coast Highway.
Similarly, the name of the lower body color for 1996 model referred to another important road, the Karakorum Highway, the highest international highway in the world.
In contrast to motorcycling advertising that emphasized rebellion or exaggerated masculinity, a 1989 30-second introductory television commercial for the PC800 depicted a couple awakening at a stylish waterfront home. She is seen running on the beach, he is seen showering, lifting his Rolex-like wrist watch from the bedside table, fixing coffee – all with a Honda PC800 next to a grand piano in their elegant living room, the waves crashing visibly beyond. The commercial ended with a single shot of the motorcycle at a very calm (i.e., pacific) shoreline carrying the voiceover: "Introducing the Pacific Coast, from Honda. It is the beginning of a new day."
Sales over the entire two-part production run averaged under 1,400 sales per year over ten years.
Trunk.
Unlike other motorcycles that offer detachable side or top cases for storage, the PC800 has an integral waterproof trunk under the pillion (passenger seat). The passenger seat is attached to a single trunk lid that hinges upward to reveal two storage areas that straddle the rear wheel — with sufficient capacity to carry "two full-face helmets and two medium-sized gym bags", or "two grocery bags", or "four plastic bags full of groceries, along with a small bag of dog food." The trunk lid is held up by a hydraulic strut and is controlled by a release mechanism under the lockable fuel filler door.
Bodywork.
Like other motorcycles with full bodywork, the PC800's plastic bodywork conceals almost the entirety of the motorcycle's mechanical underpinnings — in the manner of a scooter. While routine oil changes do not require panel removal the PC800 owners manual calls for removal and replacement of four panels (two each side) for servicing the spark plugs and seven panels for servicing the battery.
The design of the bodywork includes three vents (visible in the photo above) on each side of the bike to cool the mechanicals: a pair of forward vents on the wheel cowling, a lower vent on each side for the transmission, and two larger vents to accommodate the engine's cooling system.
In contrast to other motorcycles with full bodywork, the PC800's trunk occupies the full unbroken width of the bike's tailend while the front wheel carries a partial cowling, which reverted to an open fender in 1997-1998 model years. For the entire production run, the bodywork featured a lower-body accent color.
Features.
Honda outfitted the Pacific Coast as a "low-maintenance motorcycle for daily use" aimed primarily toward first-time motorcycle owners. Riding position is standard or neutral, instrumentation is "automobile-like," switches and controls are large and clearly marked, self-canceling turn signals were included until the 1997 model year along with a seat height of and an integrated fairing and windshield. 1989 and 1990 models offered an optional AM/FM radio.
Production data.
The table below outlines production figures, factory paint colors and production notes. It uses serial numbers as a basis for estimating production: Official US production bikes carry serial number in the RC340 range, California models carry RC341 numbers, Japanese models carry RC341(J) numbers, and Canadian and European models carried RC342 serial numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="5913316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913316" title="Barris Industries">
Barris Industries

Barris Industries, Inc. was an American game show production company that was founded by Chuck Barris.
History.
Barris founded his company on June 14, 1965 as Chuck Barris Productions. The company's first series was an unsold pilot called "People Pickers". Its first successful program was "The Dating Game"; it was known for producing other hit game shows such as "The Newlywed Game" and "The Gong Show". The latter title eventually became a movie released by Universal Pictures in 1980. Chuck Barris Productions was later incorporated on October 2, 1968. It had its first game show in syndication in 1969, the short-lived "The Game Game" (credited to Chuck Barris Games Shows, Inc. ). In 1981, Barris renamed Chuck Barris Productions, Inc. to Barris Industries, Inc.
Chuck Barris returned to the United States in 1984 and formed a syndication arm called Bel-Air Program Sales in October along with Brian Cohen and Brian Firestone, which began syndicating "The Dating Game", "The Newlywed Game", "The Gong Show", "The $1.98 Beauty Show" and the Barris versions of "Treasure Hunt". In 1985, Barris Industries formed an ad-sales barter called Clarion Communications. Later in 1986, Bel-Air Program Sales was renamed to Barris Program Sales, Clarion Communications was renamed to Barris Advertising Sales (a.k.a. Barris National Advertisers), and the production arm Chuck Barris Productions was changed to Barris Productions. In 1986, Barris Industries filed a $5 million copyright lawsuit against Lorimar-Telepictures, indicating that the game show "Perfect Match" was similar to "The New Newlywed Game". On March 25, 1987, Barris resigned and left the company sold his shares to Burt Sugarman.
Barris Industries, under the leadership of Burt Sugarman and his company Giant Group Ltd., originally owned a 5.27% stake in Reeves Communications Corp. In January 1988, Barris Industries merged with the Guber-Peters Company to form Barris/Guber-Peters. On March 31, 1989, Burt Sugarman sold his shares of Barris Industries to Westfield Capital Corporation and Northern Star Holdings Ltd., the owners of Network Ten of Australia owned by Frank Lowy for $34.5 million. On September 7, 1989, Barris Industries was renamed as the Guber-Peters Entertainment Company, Barris Program Sales was renamed to Guber-Peters Program Sales, and Barris Advertising Sales was renamed Guber-Peters Advertising Sales. On September 29, 1989, a day after Sony Corporation of Japan acquired Columbia Pictures Entertainment, Sony acquired Guber-Peters Entertainment Company for $200 million. The sale was completed on November 9, 1989 after Sony's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment a day earlier. On November 5, 1990, CPE folded its first-run syndication unit Guber-Peters Television into Columbia Pictures Television Distribution.
As of today, all of the Barris game shows are owned and distributed by Sony Pictures Television, while the Guber-Peters Entertainment Company is still an active in-name-only unit of SPT and Columbia Pictures, known as GPEC, Inc.
List of notable programs.
As Barris Industries:
As Guber-Peters Television:
Known employees.
One known employee that was a longtime announcer for Chuck Barris Productions was Johnny Jacobs, who had served from 1965 until his death in 1982. Jacobs announced for such Barris game shows as "The Dating Game", "The Newlywed Game", "Treasure Hunt", and "The Gong Show".
Another announcer was "Wheel of Fortunes Charlie O'Donnell, who served in this capacity from 1986–1989 for "The New Newlywed Game", "The All New Dating Game", and the 1988 version of "The Gong Show", until those incarnations ended in 1989 and he went back to "Wheel of Fortune" in March. O'Donnell also served as an announcer for Barry & Enright Productions.
Perhaps the best-known employee was "The New Newlywed Game" host Bob Eubanks, who served from 1966–1974, 1977–1980, and 1985–1988, when he stepped down and was replaced by Paul Rodriguez. Eubanks returned to host "The Newlywed Game" from 1997 to 1999.
Yet another prominent employee was comedian Chris Bearde, who co-created and co-produced "The Gong Show" in both '70s and '80s versions.
Mark Huffnail, another employee, was in charge of production for Barris from 1987–1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5913320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913320" title="Goethe Medal">
Goethe Medal

The Goethe Medal, also known as the Goethe-Medaille, is a yearly prize given by the Goethe Institute honoring non-Germans for meritorious contributions in the spirit of the Institute. It is an official decoration of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
The prize was given on March 22, the anniversary of Goethe's death. After 2008 it is given on August 28, the anniversary of Goethe's birth. The first awards were made in 1955. In the intervening years, through 2006, a total of 312 women and men from 57 countries have been so honored.

</doc>
<doc id="5913341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5913341" title="Typhoon Aere (2004)">
Typhoon Aere (2004)

Typhoon Aere (international designation: 0417, JTWC designation: 20W, designated Typhoon Marce by PAGASA) was a mid-season category two typhoon that brought severe damage to Taiwan and the People's Republic of China. Aere is the Marshallese word for 'storm'.
Meteorological history.
An area of convection developed approximately 250 miles east of Pohnpei late on August 13. By August 16, the disturbance had passed 40 miles north of Chuuk. It developed enough organization to be designated a tropical depression on August 19, about 400 miles west of Guam. From there, it moved northwest at 12 mph along the southwestern periphery of a mid-level steering ridge. The system reached tropical storm status on August 20, gaining the name Aere. [http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=4773]
Aere subsequently crossed into the Philippine Area of Responsibility, and was assigned the name Marce. Tropical Storm Aere was upgraded to typhoon intensity on August 21, and its strength leveled off during August 21 and August 22. On August 23, the typhoon was briefly downgraded to a tropical storm due to vertical wind shear while located 200 miles south of Naha, Okinawa. Aere quickly regained typhoon status and maintained its intensity for the rest of August 23 and developed a 50-mile wide eye. The tropical cyclone reached its peak intensity of 85 kts (100 mph) late on August 24, when the pressure lowered to 955 mb.
As the storm crossed the northern tip of Taiwan, it began to weaken. Typhoon Aere turned west-southwestward on the August 25 and made its closest approach to Taipei, Taiwan, passing only 30 miles to the city's north. Aere turned southwestward later that day, a trajectory that carried the storm past Xiamen early the next day and close to Shantou later that day before weakening to tropical storm intensity. The remnants of Typhoon Aere remained a tropical depression until the August 31.
Preparations.
Some 937,000 people were evacuated before the typhoon's arrival. The local government of Fuzhou ordered work to stop at all construction sites and schools and universities when the city was under their first Black Typhoon Signal in history. A Black Typhoon Signal, the most severe of their five grades, indicates that a tropical cyclone is affecting the district or is to affect the district within the next 12 hours with sustained wind of hurricane strength. The evacuation of 930,000 people from low-lying and coastal areas in China helped keep their death toll at zero.
Impact.
In Taiwan, Matala in Miaoli County reported a significant 1,546 mm of rain between the 23rd and 25th. Early on September 25, six villages located in Gaoqiao Town, Yinzhou District, Ningbo City, were struck by a tornado triggered by Typhoon Aere. The tornado did cause some economic losses, but no casualties were reported.
Preliminary statistics indicated that the typhoon had caused 2.485 billion yuan of direct economic losses and was responsible for two deaths in Fujian province. Aere also affected 3,479,900 residents in 421 towns of 48 counties of 6 cities in Fujian, where three cities were flooded, 10,100 houses were toppled, 236 embankments and thousands of water conservancy facilities were damaged.
News sources to date indicate that Taiwan took the brunt of Typhoon Aere. Thirty-four people were killed as a result of the storm, and fifteen died as a mudslide buried a remote mountain village in the north of the island. Agricultural losses were estimated at 7.7 million New Taiwan dollars (US$313,000 in 2004, US$321,451 in 2005). Forty-three deaths in the Philippines were caused by heavy rains induced by the typhoon. Nearly 16,000 people were evacuated from homes engulfed in floodwaters. A swollen river near the northern province of Nueva Ecija blocked traffic on a main road and stranded hundreds of commuters overnight. Eight provinces in northern and central Luzon were most severely affected with 70% of the provinces under water at one point.
Observations over land with Aere were numerous. In the Ryūkyū Islands, the lowest pressure observed was 960.9 mbar (hPa) at Ishigakijima, which received 314.5 mm of rainfall between the 23rd and 25th. Ishigakijima, Okinawa, spent as long as eight hours within Aere's eye, which was about in diameter at the time. In China, the typhoon made four landfalls; one being in the mainland of Fujian Province, and two others were when passed over at least two of the Fujian islands, including Pingtan Dao (Fuzhou City) and Nanri Dao (Putian City). Fuding (located in Ningde City) reported the highest amount in Fujian province with 663 mm. Xiyang and Nanri received the highest wind gusts, with east-northeast winds of 98 mph (43.8 m/s) on the August 25 and northwest winds of 98 mph (43.8 m/s) early in the morning of the 25th. Lanyu, Taiwan, reported a wind gust from the west-southwest at 99 mph (44.1 m/s) on August 24.

</doc>
