<doc id="5846908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846908" title="Amiga 4000T">
Amiga 4000T

The Amiga 4000T, also known as A4000T, was a tower version of the A4000 computer. Using the AGA chipset, it was originally released in small quantities in 1994 with a 25 MHz Motorola 68040 CPU, and re-released in greater numbers by Escom in 1995, after Commodore's demise, along with a new variant which featured a 50 MHz Motorola 68060 CPU. Despite the subsequent demise of Escom, production was continued by QuikPak in North America into at least 1997.
The A4000T was the only Amiga ever to have both SCSI and IDE interfaces built-in on the motherboard. Having driver software for both interfaces in the 512 KB ROM meant that some other parts of AmigaOS had to be moved from the ROM, and thus the A4000T is the only machine to require the file "codice_1" to be stored on disk. It was also the only Amiga to use a PC form factor for the motherboard (AT), and one of the few to use a Lithium Ion backup battery instead of a NiCd, vastly reducing the risk of an aging battery leaking corrosive fluids onto the motherboard and causing damage. Modularity was another unique aspect to the machine, with the CPU, audio, video, and input-output ports all on separate daughterboards.
The machine was targeted as a high-end video workstation with expandability in mind and an eye towards NewTek's Video Toaster. Its motherboard contains two Amiga Video Slots, five 100-pin Zorro III slots, and 4 ISA slots, and its case can accommodate up to six drives. Up to 16 MB of RAM can be installed on the motherboard, while additional RAM can be installed on some CPU boards (up to 128 MB), and yet more can be added on Zorro cards.
This was the last computer to be released by Commodore International. Only a couple hundred 4000Ts were produced before the company folded. Production of the 4000Ts was restarted after Escom bought the Amiga assets. Apart from the new option of a 68060 CPU, the Escom-manufactured 4000Ts had minor differences from the old one, including the substitution of the high density floppy drive with a double density one, and a different front bezel to the case.

</doc>
<doc id="5846938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846938" title="Super (2005 film)">
Super (2005 film)

Super () is a 2005 Telugu film written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. The film stars Akkineni Nagarjuna, Ayesha Takia, Sonu Sood, and Anushka Shetty. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Sandeep Chowta. The film was also dubbed into Hindi and was titled "Robbery".
Plot.
Akhil (Nagarjuna) owns a call-cab service. He falls in love with a doctor, Siri Valli (Ayesha Takia). Soon Siri Valli falls in love with Akhil as well. There is a hi-tech robber called Sonu (Sonu Sood) who steals money in a big way. Sonu used to work for Siri Valli's father and so adopts her as his sister after their family fall into bad times.
Incidentally, Akhil and Sonu are enemies. When Sonu realizes that Siri Valli is in deep love with his arch enemy Akhil, he asks her to put an end to their relationship and to never see him again. Siri Valli goes to Akhil's house to find out why Sonu and him are enemies. Akhil reveals his flash back:
Akhil, Sasha (Anushka Shetty), and Sonu meet in Mumbai in their needy days as unemployed graduates. They soon become friends as they all struggle to find work. Sasha is Sonu's sister. Sasha suddenly develops pains in her stomach and needs an appendix operation. Sonu and Akhil don't have enough money. After a few days, they were forced to steal money. Then they decide to rob the money and make a living out of it. Sasha loves Akhil. But Akhil does not have any feelings for her. He treats her just like a friend. Akhil, Sasha, and Sonu are given one more task: to rob diamonds. After this one robbery, they can be settled for life. Late that same night at the biker's club, Sasha says openly that she will kill herself if Akhil does not love her. Being stubborn, Sasha decides to stay at the Biker's club very late. When Sonu & Akhil show up, it's too late because Sasha committed suicide. This is why Sonu hates Akhil.
While the Artist who's trying to draw a Picture of the mysterious thief named Sonu, the Artist ends up drawing a picture of Akhil. The police arrest Akhil, who also looks like 1 of the mysterious guys from a police surveillance video. According to the video, it's revealed that Sasha was actually murdered. Akhil lies to police that he's not in the video. The artist says that Akhil's not a thief. Sonu follows Akhil to the Biker's club. Akhil & Sonu realize that the Biker's club owner Mama's responsible for their robberies & Sasha's murder. That night when she was at the club late, Sasha heard some men talking & finds out that it was the same men who told them to rob the diamonds. The goons planned to kill Akhil, Sonu, & Sasha right after they succeed in the robbery. Sasha overheard them & the goons chased Sasha. They killed her & made it to believe that she committed suicide. After Sonu finds out the truth, he reconciles with Akhil. 
But, Mama reveals he kidnapped Siri Valli and in ransom, tells Akhil and Sonu to rob the same diamonds they were supposed to rob in Mumbai. They successfully rob the diamonds by blowing up underneath the truck carrying the diamonds "(inspired by "The Italian Job")" and falling into the sea. Akhil then goes into the ocean and gets the diamonds. The police start chasing Sonu and Akhil on motorboats. One of the police kills Sonu & he falls into the ocean. Still, Akhil does not stop and he heads on over to Mama's place. Akhil gets a hold of Sonu, who was actually wearing a bullet-proof vest. Sonu rushes to get his sister from the clutches of the bad guys. Akhil and Sonu manages to kill everyone there and keep the diamonds. The artist finally draws Sonu's picture, but the police don't believe the artist. The police captain already got transferred to another town. It's hilarious because the lie-detector expert scares away the artist, who's unable to get the reward. Outside, Akhil & Sonu give a diamond to the Artist. The artist receive good training to draw a picture of Akhil & Siri.
Music.
The film has six songs composed by Sandeep Chowta

</doc>
<doc id="5846939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846939" title="Australian Champion Three Year Old">
Australian Champion Three Year Old

The Australian Champion Three Year Old is awarded annually to the three year old Thoroughbred horse whose performances in Australia are deemed to be the most impressive throughout the racing season.
There are two categories, Champion Three Year Old Filly and Champion Three Year Old Colt/Gelding.
Prior to 2005 the award was contested by both sexes.
Other Australian Thoroughbred awards.
Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year<br>
Australian Champion Two Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Sprinter<br>
Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse<br>
Australian Champion Stayer<br>
Australian Champion Filly or Mare<br>
Australian Champion International Performer<br>
Australian Champion Jumper<br>
Australian Champion Trainer
See also.
Millionaire Racehorses in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="5846960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846960" title="Cumberland and Pennsylvania Railroad">
Cumberland and Pennsylvania Railroad

The Cumberland and Pennsylvania Railroad (C&P) was an American railroad which operated in Western Maryland. Primarily a coal hauler, it was owned by the Consolidation Coal Company, and was purchased by the Western Maryland Railway (WM) in 1944.
The line ran from Cumberland, Maryland to Piedmont, West Virginia, at both points interchanging with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The railroad's shops were located at Mount Savage, Maryland, also the location of its headquarters. On the way to Piedmont the line passed through (and under) Frostburg, Maryland, where the C&P station stands today as the western terminus of the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad.
History.
The Cumberland and Pennsylvania Railroad Company was incorporated on March 4, 1850, with a charter from the Maryland General Assembly. The early charter date reflects the prominence of Mt. Savage as an early foundry of iron rail and manufacturer of locomotives in the United States. The first iron rail rolled in the United States was produced at Mt. Savage in 1844.
In 1854 the C&P acquired the Mount Savage Railroad from the Mount Savage Coal and Iron Company. In 1863 the C&P acquired the Georges Creek Railroad from the Georges Creek Coal and Iron Company, and in 1870 it acquired the Eckhart Branch Railroad from the Maryland Mining Company.
In 1866 James Millholland opened the locomotive shops which became the center of the railroad. From 1868 to 1917 the shops produced at least 30 locomotives for the C&P, as well as standard and narrow gauge engines for other lines. The C&P also built passenger cars, for its own use and for other railroads.
The WM purchased the C&P from Consolidation Coal in 1944. The operations of the two companies were formally merged in 1953. All of the C&P locomotives were replaced with WM engines. In 1954 the WM abandoned redundant C&P track between Mt. Savage Junction and Mt. Savage, and discontinued use of the tunnel under Frostburg, due to the tunnel's low clearances. Some branch lines to local mines were also eliminated. Coal traffic south of Frostburg was routed along the WM's Georges Creek Branch to the WM junction at Westernport, Maryland (directly across the North Branch Potomac River from Piedmont).
Extant facilities.
In addition to the station in Frostburg, many of the shop buildings still remain at Mt. Savage. Parts of the route north from Piedmont are still in service as part of CSXT and the Georges Creek Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5846971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846971" title="Second United States Army">
Second United States Army

Second United States Army was originally formed 15 October 1918 during World War I. It functioned as a training and administrative headquarters until being deactivated 15 April 1919. It operated 1933 to 1966, training and organizing troops for overseas deployment during World War II. It later operated under U.S. Army Forces Command as a regional command to control Army Reserve forces 1983 to 1995. Second Army was reactivated on 1 October 2010 as U.S. Army Cyber Command and Second Army, it is based at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
History.
World War I.
Second Army's task during the First World War was to hold the line a short distance east of the Moselle River in France following the end of the Saint-Mihiel offensive along the Western Front. The army was also tasked with reinforcing units from the active-in-combat soldiers of the U.S. First Army.
On 10 November, Second Army advanced on German positions, already in disorder and retreating. Word did not reach the units advancing until after eleven-hundred hours on 11 November, making it one of the last units to fight to the very conclusion of the war. On 15 April 1919, Second Army was deactivated.
World War II.
Second United States Army was reactivated on 1 October 1933 under a plan developed by then-Army Chief of Staff Douglas MacArthur to consolidate forces in the continental United States under four regional army commands. It was headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. In 1940, with the activation of Army General Headquarters (succeeded by Army Ground Forces in 1942), the four field armies were given responsibility for training forces in their respective areas and conducting maneuvers to evaluate training and readiness. In September 1941, Second U.S. Army participated in large-scale maneuvers pitting it against Third United States Army in what were known as the Louisiana Maneuvers. Over 350,000 troops took part. Also in 1941, four regional defense commands were established coterminous with the army areas, and the Commander, Second U.S. Army became also Commanding General, Central Defense Command.
With First and Fourth Armies given primary responsibility for defense of the eastern and western coasts of the United States, and later with First Army's relocation to England to command U.S. Army forces in the invasion of France, Second and Third Armies assumed increasing responsibility for the training and organization of the rapidly expanding army and preparing troops for overseas deployment. When Third Army headquarters was relocated to France in 1944 to serve as a combat command, Second Army assumed its stateside responsibilities as well.
Second U.S. Army was commanded from 1940 to 1943 by Lt. Gen. Ben Lear. He was succeeded by Lt. Gen. Lloyd Fredendall after Fredendall's removal from command in North Africa. General Fredendall held command until war's end.
Post-World War II.
In November 1964, as an effort to reorganize military operations, the Department of the Army announced the closure of Fort Jay at Governors Island New York and the relocation of U.S. First Army to Fort Meade, Maryland. First and Second Armies would merge and Second Army subsequently inactivated. It had been proposed that First Army be inactivated, but its commander Lt. General Robert W. Porter, Jr. strongly protested the proposal and it was dropped. In the end, Second Army headquarters staff were retained and became the new staff for U.S. First Army. On 1 January 1966 at Fort Meade, Second Army was deactivated and its colors cased by commander, Lt. General William F. Train who then assumed command of U.S. First Army.
Second Army was reactivated on 1 October 1983 under U.S. Army Forces Command as a regional command to control Army Reserve forces in the southeastern United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. It was headquartered at Fort Gillem, Georgia. It was again deactivated on 3 July 1995 with First Army once again assuming its functions. First Army was then relocated to Fort Gillem.
Current.
On 1 October 2010, Second Army was again re-activated as United States Army Cyber Command (ARCYBER)/Second Army. The new command is based out of Fort Belvoir, Virginia and a part of the larger, U.S. Cyber Command (CYBERCOM). Lieutenant General Rhett A. Hernandez became the first commander of the newly reactivated Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5846973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846973" title="Veiled">
Veiled

Veiled is the first album by the American singer/songwriter Leah Andreone, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).
Track listing.
All songs by Leah Andreone and Rick Neigher, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="5846986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846986" title="Awards for world music">
Awards for world music

Various awards have been presented in recent years to musical artists for their contributions to the genre of world music. This article provides a partial list of these awards and their recipients.
BBC Radio 3 Awards for World Music.
The BBC Radio 3 Awards for World Music was an award given to world music artists between 2002 and 2008, sponsored by BBC Radio 3. The award was thought up by "fRoots" magazine's editor Ian Anderson, inspired by the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards. Until 2006, the awards panel was chaired by Charlie Gillett and the awards shows co-ordinated by Alex Webb.
Award categories included: Africa, Asia/Pacific, Americas, Europe, Mid East and North Africa, Newcomer, Culture Crossing, Club Global, Album of the Year, and Audience Award. Initial lists of nominees in each category were selected annually by a panel of several thousand industry experts. Shortlisted nominees were voted on by a twelve-member jury, which selected the winners in every category except for the Audience Award category. These jury members were appointed and presided over by the BBC.
The annual awards ceremony was held at various venues including the Ocean in Hackney, Sage in Gateshead, the Usher Hall in Edinburgh, the Brixton Academy and finally at the BBC Proms. 
In March 2009, the BBC made a decision to axe the BBC Radio 3 Awards for World Music.
Grand Prix du Disque for World Music.
The Grand Prix du Disque for World Music is one of a number of prizes awarded by L'Académie Charles Cros as part of the yearly Grand Prix du Disque.
Songlines Music Awards.
In response to the BBC's decision to end its BBC Radio 3 Awards for World Music, the British world music magazine "Songlines" launched the Songlines Music Awards in 2009 "to recognise outstanding talent in world music".
WOMEX Awards.
The WOMEX Award was first introduced in 1999 to honour the high points of world music on an international level and to acknowledge musical excellence, social importance, commercial success, political impact and lifetime achievement.
Every October at the WOMEX event, the award figurine - an ancient mother goddess statue dating back about 6000 years to the Neolithic age - is presented in an award ceremony to a worthy member of the world music community.
World Music Awards.
The World Music Awards is an international awards show founded in 1989 that annually honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI).
"Spin the Globe" Best World Music CDs.
"Spin the Globe", a radio program on KAOS 89.3 FM in Olympia, Washington, compiles awards for the best global music releases each year since 2002:

</doc>
<doc id="5846989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846989" title="Pennsylvania Route 873">
Pennsylvania Route 873

Pennsylvania Route 873 (PA 873) is a north-south, two-lane road mainly located in northern Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. Its northern terminus is at PA 248 in the Lehigh Township hamlet of Weiders Crossing. It passes through Slatington as Main Street. Its southern terminus is at PA 309 in Schnecksville. From 1926 to 1954 this highway was part of U.S. Route 309.
Route description.
PA 873 begins at an intersection with PA 309 in the community of Schnecksville in North Whitehall Township, Lehigh County. From this intersection, the route heads north on a two-lane undivided road, passing a mix of homes and businesses. The road turns northeast and passes residences and fields before intersecting the western terminus of PA 329. From here, PA 873 continues north into the residential community of Neffs before curving northwest and entering Washington Township. In this area, the road passes through a mix of housing developments and farmland as it turns north and passes over I-476 (Pennsylvania Turnpike Northeast Extension). The route continues through rural areas of homes and woods prior to crossing into Slatington. Here, PA 873 becomes Main Street and is lined with residences before reaching the commercial downtown, where the road makes a sharp turn to the east. The route turns north onto Walnut Street and passes more businesses before passing a few homes a short distance to the west of Slatington Airport. PA 873 leaves Slatington for Washington Township again and runs through wooded areas with some residences. The route turns northeast and crosses the Lehigh River into Lehigh Township in Northampton County, where it passes over a Norfolk Southern railroad line before ending at PA 248 at the base of Blue Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="5846991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846991" title="John Roycroft (kickboxer)">
John Roycroft (kickboxer)

John Roycroft (born June 29, 1954) is an American full contact kickboxer.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia at the Ft McPherson military base, John began martial arts training in New York at age 12, while living at the Seneca Army Depot learning a military combat style of Karate under the teachings of Military Police Sgt Barry Write, who learned Savate at the University of Paris. John has sparred with Jerry Poteet, one of Bruce Lee's original hand picked Jeet Kune Do students. John has also trained in Savate, and Jun Fan Jeet Kune Do which is his chosen fighting technique. He quit competitive fighting in 1999 after beating Carlos Sanchos with a third round 
TKO to win the now debunked NKBA championship. John has been a long standing member of the World Jeet Kune Do Federation 
John spent several years working under contract, with such elite para military organizations as IPS and Blackwater Worldwide. He has also spent some time working as a Fugitive Recovery Agent, and Close Personal Protection Agent. IPS, a private security enforcement agency based in Atlanta, was known to specialize in contract drug enforcement of the government welfare housing developments in Atlanta, and other major cities. IPS played a key role in safeguarding the residents in those developments by taking strong arm control over the drug dealers in those communities while assisting the local Police in those high crime areas. 
Membership organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="5846992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5846992" title="Ballynary">
Ballynary

Ballynary () is the name of a townland on the eastern shore of Lough Arrow in the southern corner of County Sligo in Ireland. Ballynary was the ancestral seat of the O'Higgins family (or Ó hUigínn in Gaelic) for 700 years, until they were forced off their lands in 1654 by Oliver Cromwell. The Chief of the O'Higgins Clan today uses the courtesy title of "The O'Higgins of Ballynary" or "Lord of Ballynary" although his family have not lived there since the 17th century.
The townland of Ballynary contains just over and bordered the townland of Ballindoon where the ruins of a Dominican Abbey, founded by the MacDonagh Clan, are located. Ballynary also contains O'Higgins Memorial Park which is dedicated to Ambrose O'Higgins, who was born in Ballynary in 1720/21 and who—emigrating to Spain to escape the discrimination against Irish Catholics in his time—eventually became the Viceroy of Peru, then part of the Spanish Empire. His son Bernardo O'Higgins became the first head of State of Chile.
The Chilean city of Vallenar was founded by Ambrose O'Higgins and named for his birthplace, the variant spelling having developed though usage by Spanish-speaking inhabitants. The name of Vallenar Bay in Alaska is derived from the Chilean name and thus indirectly from the Irish one.

</doc>
<doc id="5847012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847012" title="Wildermuth Intramural Center">
Wildermuth Intramural Center

The Wildermuth Intramural Center (previously called The Fieldhouse) is an on-campus gymnasium used for intramural sports at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. From 1928–1960 it also served as the home of the Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team.
Current use.
Today the Fieldhouse, now called the Wildermuth Intramural Center, has several rows of basketball courts. Because it is attached to the former School of Health, Physical Education & Recreation (HPER) it was referred to as the "hyper." As of 2012, the Indiana University School of HPER has been renamed the School of Public Health-Bloomington.
In 2010, a women’s locker room was added and the men's and faculty/staff locker rooms underwent renovations. In July 5, 2011 a roof fire caused major damage to the facility estimated to cost $3 million. As a result, substantial repairs replacements were made to the damaged section of the roof, courts and track, lights, and windows. It did not re-open until the summer of 2012.
History.
The Fieldhouse was built adjacent to the Men's Gymnasium as a venue to host the Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team, whose popularity had outgrown the previous gymnasium. The basketball team first played in the Fieldhouse for the 1928-29 season. It served as the state of Indiana's first true basketball stadium and was considered one of the classic venues in college basketball during its time.
The Fieldhouse could seat up to 8,000 spectators and was later extended to seat 10,000. It provided extensive lighting on the floor and baskets, and also featured a center court press box that could seat 35 journalists and had 10 built-in telegraph wires. It originally cost $350,000 and was paid for with construction bonds and a $2.00 fee levied against each Indiana University student.
The first game at the facility was held on December 8, 1928 when the Hoosiers face the Washington Bears and lost 31-30. However, the dedication game for the Fieldhouse on December 13, 1928 saw a 34-26 victory over the Pennsylvania Quakers team. The dedication game was a sold-out gala that included Indiana Governor-elect Harry Leslie and Big Ten Conference Commissioner John Griffith.
Indiana star player (and later coach) Branch McCracken scored the first point in the facility with a free throw. McCracken went on to earn All-American honors the following season. He returned in the 1938-39 season to succeed Everett Dean as coach of the men's basketball team. The facility saw six perfect seasons including a 24-game unbeaten home winning streak from 1938-1941. During the 1940s and 1950s McCracken's fast-breaking teams would earn the nickname "Hurryin' Hoosiers". 
Throughout the facility's tenure as home to the men's basketball team, the Fieldhouse hosted two national championship teams - in the 1939-40 and 1952-53 seasons - and five conference titles. The Hoosiers compiled a 234-74 record in the facility. Besides the two national titles, it was the home of five Big Ten Conference Championships, 20 All-Americans, 17 All-Big Ten First Team selections and three Big Ten Most Valuable Players. 
The final game was played on February 29, 1960 by an Indiana squad led by Walt Bellamy that defeated Big Ten champions Ohio State in a 99-83 victory (Ohio State went on to win the national championship). The basketball team moved out in 1960 to the "New" IU Fieldhouse before moving into the current home, Assembly Hall, in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="5847013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847013" title="Tommy Flanagan (actor)">
Tommy Flanagan (actor)

Tommy Flanagan (born 3 July 1965) is a Scottish film and television actor from Glasgow, Scotland.
Flanagan is the third of five children. His first television roles were in "Screen One" (1992) and "Taggart" in 1993. Flanagan worked in Robert Carlyle's Raindog Theatre for three years before being cast in "Braveheart" (1995). He has had roles in "Face/Off", "The Game", "Sunset Strip", "Gladiator", "Alien vs. Predator", "Sin City", "Smokin' Aces", "", "When a Stranger Calls", "All About the Benjamins", "The Last Drop", and the mini-series "Attila". Flanagan also portrayed arms dealer Gabriel Schecter in the first episode of "24"s seventh season. He is one of the main cast members of "Sons of Anarchy", as Filip "Chibs" Telford.
Personal life.
Born in Easterhouse, Glasgow, Flanagan's distinctive facial scars (Glasgow smile) are the result of a knife attack outside a nightclub where he had been working as a DJ. He and wife Dina Livingston welcomed a baby girl in early 2012, naming her Aunjanue Elizabeth Flanagan.
Career.
In October 2010, Flanagan was revealed as the spokesperson for the Scottish soft drink Irn-Bru. Flanagan appeared in the episode "Headlock" of "Lie to Me", aired in the U.S. on Monday 2 August 2010. He is currently a regular cast member on "Sons of Anarchy", in which he plays outlaw biker Chibs Telford.

</doc>
<doc id="5847020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847020" title="John L. Jolley">
John L. Jolley

John Lawlor Jolley (July 14, 1840-December 14, 1926) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from South Dakota.
Biography.
He was born in Montreal, Canada in 1840, where he attended the common schools. He graduated from Eastman Business College in Poughkeepsie, New York. He moved to Wisconsin in 1857, and enlisted as a private in Company C, Twenty-third Regiment, of the Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry. He was mustered out as a second lieutenant on July 4, 1865. 
He took up the study of the law and was admitted to the bar in 1866. Vermillion of the Dakota Territory.is where he first established his practice. He was a member of the territorial council in 1875 and 1881. In 1887 and 1895, he was elected mayor of Vermillion. He was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1884. 
In 1889, he was a delegate to the state constitutional convention. He was also selected for the South Dakota State Senate in 1889. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John Rankin Gamble in 1891. He chose not to seek a second term. He resumed the practice of law, and died in Vermillion in 1926.
Jolley Elementary School, in Vermillion, SD, is named after Mr. Jolley.

</doc>
<doc id="5847036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847036" title="Kieft's War">
Kieft's War

Kieft's War, also known as the Wappinger War, was a conflict (1643–1645) between settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population in what would later become the New York metropolitan area of the United States. It is named for Director of New Netherland Willem Kieft, who had ordered an attack without approval of his advisory council and against the wishes of the colonists. Dutch soldiers attacked Lenape camps and massacred the native inhabitants, which encouraged unification among the regional Algonquian tribes against the Dutch, and precipitated waves of attacks on both sides. This was one of the earliest conflicts between Native Americans and European settlers. Displeased with Kieft, the Dutch West India Company recalled him and he died while returning to the Netherlands. Peter Stuyvesant succeeded him in New Netherland. Because of the continuing threat by the Algonquians, numerous Dutch settlers returned to the Netherlands, and growth of the colony slowed.
Background.
Appointed director by the Dutch West India Company, Willem Kieft arrived in New Netherland in April 4. Without obvious experience or qualifications for the job, Kieft may have been appointed through family political connections. The year before, the English colonies Massachusetts Bay, Providence Plantation, and Windsor, Connecticut, allied with the Mohegan and Narragansett nations, had annihilated the Dutch-allied Pequot Nation. (see: Pequot War and Mystic Massacre) The Pequot defeat eased the way for an English takeover of the northern reaches of New Netherland, along what is now called the Connecticut River. Two weeks before Kieft's arrival, Peter Minuit, a former director-general of New Netherland, established a rogue Swedish settlement (New Sweden) in the poorly developed southern reaches of the colony, along what is now called the Delaware Valley.
Along the Hudson, New Netherland had begun to flourish; the West India Company ran the settlement chiefly for trading, with the director-general exercising unchecked corporate fiat backed by soldiers. New Amsterdam and the other settlements of the Hudson Valley had developed beyond company towns into a growing colony. In 1640, the Company finally surrendered its trade monopoly on the colony and declared New Netherlands a free-trade zone. Suddenly Kieft was governor of a booming economy.
The directors of the Dutch West India Company were unhappy. Largely due to their mismanagement, the New Netherlands project had never been profitable. The company's efforts elsewhere, by contrast, had paid handsome returns. The directors were anxious to reduce administrative costs, chief among which was providing for defense of the colonies. Within this category were land "purchase" agreements with the Native American nations who historically inhabited the lands. (These were payments for recognition of common rights to use of the land, in return for friendly relations and mutual defense.)
Kieft's first plan to reduce costs was to solicit tribute payments from the tribes living in the region. Long-time colonists warned him against this course, but he pursued it, to outright rejection by the local sachems, or chiefs. Determined to force deference, Kieft seized on the pretext of pigs stolen from the farm of David de Vries to send soldiers to raid a Raritan village on Staten Island, killing several. When the band retaliated by burning down de Vries' farmhouse and killing four of his employees, Kieft "put a price on their heads". He offered bounty payment to rival Native American tribes for the heads of Raritan. (Later, settlers determined that de Vries' pigs had been stolen by other Dutch colonists.)
In August 1641, Claes Swits, an elderly Swiss immigrant, was killed by a Weckquaesgeek of his long acquaintance. Swits ran a popular public house, frequented by Europeans and Native Americans in what is today Turtle Bay, Manhattan. The murder was said to be a matter of the native's paying a "blood debt" for the murder of his uncle. He had been the sole survivor of an ambush of Weckquaesgeek traders by Europeans 15 years before. Kieft was determined to use the event as a pretext for a war of extermination against the tribe.
Another incident raising tensions occurred at Achter Kol along the banks of the Hackensack River. Settlers to the new "factorij", after having plied local
Hackensack with alcohol, engaged in a small but fatal conflict over the loss of a missing coat, and the foreman was killed by the Hackensack.
War.
As the colonists resisted Kieft's Indian initiatives, he tried to use the Swits incident to build popular support for war. He created the Council of Twelve Men, the first popularly elected body in the New Netherlands colony, to advise him on retaliation. But, the council rejected Kieft's proposal to massacre the Weckquaesgeek village if they refused to produce the murderer. The colonists had lived in peace with the Native Americans for nearly two decades, becoming friends, business partners, employees, employers, drinking buddies, and bed partners. The Council was alarmed about the consequences of Kieft's proposed crusade.
The Native Americans were far more numerous than the Europeans and could easily take reprisals against their lives and property. As importantly, the Native Americans supplied the furs and pelts that were the economic lifeblood and the "raison d'etre" of the colony. With David de Vries as its President, the council sought to dissuade Kieft from war. They began to advise him on other matters, using the new Council to carry the interests of colonists to the corporate rulers. They called for establishing a permanent representative body to manage local affairs (as was traditional by then in the Netherlands). Kieft responded by dissolving the council and issuing a decree forbidding them to meet or assemble.
Kieft sent a punitive expedition to attack the fugitive Indian's village, but the militia got lost. He accepted the peace offerings of Weckquaesgeek elders. On February 23, 1643, two weeks after dismissing the Council, Kieft launched an attack on camps of refugee Weckquaesgeek and Tappan. Expansionist Mahican and Mohawk in the North (armed with guns traded by the French and English) had driven them south the year before, where they sought protection from the Dutch. Kieft refused aid despite the company's previous guarantees to the tribes to provide it. The refugees made camp at Communipaw (in today's Jersey City) and Corlaers Hook (lower Manhattan). In the initial strike, since called the Pavonia Massacre, 129 Dutch soldiers descended on the camps and killed 120 Native Americans, including women and children. Having opposed the attack, de Vries described the events in his journal:
Historians differ on whether Kieft had directed the massacre or a more contained raid. All sources agree that he rewarded the soldiers for their deeds. The attacks united the Algonquian peoples in the surrounding areas against the Dutch to an extent not previously seen.
In the fall of 1643, a force of 1,500 natives invaded New Netherland, where they killed many, including Anne Hutchinson, the notable dissident preacher. They destroyed villages and farms, the work of two decades of settlement. In retaliation that winter, Dutch forces killed 500 Weckquaesgeek. As New Amsterdam became crowded with destitute refugees, the colonists resisted Kieft's rule.
They flouted paying new taxes he ordered, and many people began to leave by ship. Kieft hired the military commander Captain John Underhill, who recruited militia on Long Island to go against the Natives there and in Connecticut. His forces killed more than 1,000 Natives. After their private letters requesting intervention by the directors of the Dutch West India Company and the Republic produced no result, the colonists banded together to formally petition for the removal of Kieft.
For the next two years, the united tribes harassed settlers all across New Netherland. The sparse colonial forces were helpless to stop the attacks, but the natives were too spread out to mount more effective strikes. The two sides finally agreed to a truce when the last of the eleven united tribes joined in August 1645.
Outcome.
The native attacks caused many Dutch settlers to return to Europe. The Dutch West India Company's confidence in its ability to control its territory in the New World was shaken. Recalled in 1647 to the Netherlands to answer for his conduct, Kieft died in a shipwreck near Swansea, Wales before he reached home. The company named Petrus Stuyvesant as his successor, and he managed New Netherland until it was ceded to the English.
In proportion to the colonial population at the time, Kieft's War had a high rate of fatalities: the militia and mercenary soldiers killed hundreds of natives. In 1642 New Amsterdam had a population of only about 800, estimated to be half Dutch. A relative peace lasted until the 1650s when growing competition for resources contributed to the outbreak of the Esopus Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="5847044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847044" title="Stanford Web Credibility Project">
Stanford Web Credibility Project

The Stanford Web Credibility Project, which involves assessments of website credibility conducted by the Stanford University Persuasive Technology Lab, is an investigative examination of what leads people to believe in the veracity of content found on the Web. The goal of the project is to enhance website design and to promote further research on the credibility of Web resources.
Origins.
The Web has become an important channel for exchanging information and services, resulting a greater need for methods to ascertain the credibility of websites. In response, since 1998, the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab has investigated what causes people to believe, or not, what they find online, the lab. The lab creates insight into how computers can be designed to change what people think and do, an area called captology. Directed by experimental psychologist B.J. Fogg, the Stanford team includes social scientists, designers, and technologists who research and design interactive products that motivate and influence their users.
Objectives.
The ongoing research of the Stanford Web Credibility Project includes:
"How Do People Evaluate a Web Site's Credibility?".
A study by the Stanford Web Credibility Project, "How Do People Evaluate a Web Site's Credibility? Results from a Large Study", published in 2002, invited 2,684 "average people" to rate the credibility of websites in ten content areas. The study evaluated the credibility of two live websites randomly assigned from one of ten content categories: e-commerce, entertainment, finance, health, news, nonprofit, opinion or review, search engines, sports, and travel. A total of one hundred sites were assessed.
This study was launched jointly with a parallel, expert-focused project conducted by Sliced Bread Design, LLC. In their study, "Experts vs. Online Consumers: A Comparative Credibility Study of Health and Finance Web Sites", fifteen health and finance experts were asked to assess the credibility of the same industry-specific sites as those reviewed by the Stanford PTL consumers. The Sliced Bread Design study revealed that health and finance experts were far less concerned about the surface aspects of these industry-specific types of sites and more concerned about the breadth, depth, and quality of a site's information. Similarly, "Consumer Reports" WebWatch, which commissioned the study, has the goal to investigate, inform, and improve the credibility of information published on the World Wide Web. "Consumer Reports" had plans for a similar investigation into whether consumers actually perform the necessary credibility checks while online, and had already conducted a national poll concerning consumer awareness of privacy policies.
The common goals of the three organizations led to a collaborative research effort that may represent the largest web credibility project ever conducted. The project, based on three years of research that included over 4,500 people, enabled the lab to publish "Stanford Guidelines for Web Credibility", which established ten guidelines for building the credibility of a website.
Findings.
The study found that when people assessed a real website's credibility, they did not use rigorous criteria, a contrast to earlier national survey findings by "Consumer Reports" WebWatch, "A Matter of Trust: What Users Want From Web Sites" (April 16, 2002). The data showed that the average consumer paid far more attention to the superficial aspects of a site, such as visual cues, than to its content. For example, nearly half of all consumers (or 46.1%) in the study assessed the credibility of sites based in part on the appeal of the overall visual design of a site, including layout, typography, font size and color schemes.
This reliance on a site's overall visual appeal to gauge credibility occurred more often with some categories of sites then others. Consumer credibility-related comments about visual design issues occurred with more frequency with websites dedicated to finance, 54.6%, search engines, 52.6%, travel, 50.5%, and e-commerce sites, 46.2%, and less frequently when assessing health, 41.8%, news, 39.6%, and nonprofit, 39.4%.
"I would like to think that when people go on the Web they're very tough integrators of information, they compare sources, they think really hard," says Fogg, "but the truth of the matter--and I didn't want to find this in the research but it's very clear--is that people do judge a Web site by how it looks. That's the first test of the Web site. And if it doesn't look credible or it doesn't look like what they expect it to be, they go elsewhere. It doesn't get a second test. And it's not so different from other things in life. It's the way we judge automobiles and politicians.

</doc>
<doc id="5847052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847052" title="Falmouth &amp; Helston League">
Falmouth &amp; Helston League

The Falmouth and Helston League was an English association football league comprising clubs from South Cornwall. It consisted of three divisions, with the top division at the 13th overall tier of the English football league system. One team from Division One could be promoted into the Cornwall Combination providing they finished in the top three and satisfied ground grading requirements.
The league merged with the Mining League in time for the 2011-12 season. Both leagues at the time of the merger had three divisions composed of a similar number of teams. The new Trelawny League was introduced for the 2011-12 season, once the Falmouth and Helston League has celebrated its 50th anniversary.
Recent Divisional Champions.
Division One.
2010-11 Champions: Falmouth Athletic DC<br>
2009-10 Champions: Pendeen Rovers<br>
2008-09 Champions: Mawnan<br>
2007-08 Champions: Chacewater<br>
2006-07 Champions: Porthleven Reserves<br>
2005-06 Champions: St. Day
Division Two.
2010-11 Champions: St Day Reserves<br>
2009-10 Champions: Perranporth Reserves<br>
2008-09 Champions: Constantine<br>
2007-08 Champions: Pendeen Rovers<br>
2006-07 Champions: Falmouth Town III<br>
2005-06 Champions: Mawnan Reserves
Division Three.
2010-11 Champions: Falmouth Athletic DC Reserves <br>
2009-10 Champions: Lanner <br>
2008-09 Champions: Trispen Reserves<br>
2007-08 Champions: Porthleven Rangers<br>
2006-07 Champions: RNAS Culdrose Reserves<br>
2005-06 Champions: St. Day Reserves

</doc>
<doc id="5847055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847055" title="The Master and his Pupil">
The Master and his Pupil

The Master and His Pupil is an English fairy tale collected by Joseph Jacobs in his "English Fairy Tales".
Synopsis.
A learned man had a book in which he had the knowledge to control demons. His foolish pupil one day found it open and read a spell from it. Beezlebub appeared and demanded a task from him, or he would strangle him. The pupil set him to watering a flower, but Beezlebub went on watering it until the room was filling with water. At that point, the man, having remembered he left his book unlocked, returned and dispelled Beezlebub.

</doc>
<doc id="5847072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847072" title="William Allen Young">
William Allen Young

William Allen Young (born January 24, 1954) is an American actor best known for his role as Frank Mitchell on UPN's "Moesha" and directing a few episodes of the show, and made a guest appearance on UPN's The Parkers as Frank Mitchell. His other television credits include "The Day After", "Matlock", "Babylon 5", CBS's "JAG", "Knots Landing", "The Jeffersons", "The Women of Brewster Place", among other shows. He portrayed a recurring character on CBS's ' and a different recurring character on CBS's '.
Life and career.
Young rose from an inner-city housing project to become an award-winning actor, inspirational teacher, national orator, and humanitarian.
His illustrious acting career includes starring roles in the Academy Award-nominated film, "A Soldiers Story", "Women of Brewster Place", "The Atlanta Child Murders", "Simple Justice", "Sins", "Lock Up", and "In the Belly of the Beast", and the award-winning Lifetime series Any Day Now. Millions of viewers still recognize him as Frank Mitchell, the tough-but-loving father, on the hit TV show, "Moesha", or as Chief Judge Ratner on "CSI: Miami". William has received critical praise for his stage performances in New York and Los Angeles., and he has performed abroad in London, France, Italy, Austria, Sri Lanka, Russia and Africa. His film project, "District 9", filmed on location in South Africa, was released in August 2009. He also guest starred on the 6th season of "Sister, Sister". He has also recently starred as Harry Wentz on the Disney Channel Original Series "Good Luck Charlie" In 2013, Young reunited with "Moesha" co-star Brandy Norwood on the season six episode, "The Blueprint" on the television show "The Game".
Young was born in Washington, D.C. but grew up in South Central, Los Angeles, during the Civil Rights Movement. One of seven children, he was inspired by his mother, a high-school drop out who worked as a maid before going back to school at night to get her diploma and a nursing license which led to a distinguished 20-year career in the medical profession.
He is a distinguished USC graduate and former #1 College Speaker in the Nation for two consecutive years when he led the Trojan Debate Squad to a National Championship. He holds a Masters degree in Sociolinguistics, a Bachelors degree in Rhetoric & Debate, and has lectured at major colleges and universities nationwide.
As Founder/President of the non-profit Young Center for Academic and Cultural Enrichment, Mr. Young works to inspire a new generation of ethical leaders, critical thinkers and engaged citizens to create solutions to the challenges facing our schools, our communities, and our nation.
He is the recipient of the NAACP Outstanding Social Achievement Award, USC Black Alumni Association Thomas Kilgore, Jr. Service Award, California Lottery Association Hero in Education Award, Black Hollywood Education Resource Center President���s Icon Award; Arts Council for the Disabled Humanitarian Service Award, and National Organization of Women at Work Man of the Year Award. He was recently inducted into the African-American Hall of Education and deemed an ���Ambassador of Goodwill��� by former President Bill Clinton.

</doc>
<doc id="5847075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847075" title="Gennady Khazanov">
Gennady Khazanov

Gennady Viktorovich Khazanov (; born on December 1, 1945) is an acclaimed Russian stand-up comedian and part-time actor, best known for his consistent parodies of Russian and Soviet politicians, and his mockery of various sub-cultural groups in modern Russia. In 1999, he was president of the Security Foundation of the Russian Jewish Community, which was set up to coordinate action against antisemitism in Moscow.
In March 2014 he signed a letter in support of the position of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin on Russia's military intervention in Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="5847079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847079" title="Pennsylvania Route 378">
Pennsylvania Route 378

Pennsylvania Route 378 (designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation as SR 378) is a north-to-south road in Lehigh and Northampton counties. Its northern terminus is at U.S. Route 22 in Bethlehem and the portion north of the Lehigh River is a freeway. The highway was once Interstate 378 but when Interstate 78 was rerouted from U.S. Route 22 to south of the city, the spur became disjointed from its parent. I-378 was downgraded to state route status. Surprisingly, the state did not remove the exit tabs for the freeway, making PA Route 378 one of only a few state freeways with exit numbers (another one is PA 309 in Wilkes-Barre). The exit numbers also go in the wrong direction: Exit 3 is south of Exit 1, most likely due to the freeway being built when Pennsylvania still practiced sequential exit numbering.
It narrows to a city street on Bethlehem's South Side, crosses South Mountain to Lower Saucon Township, then proceeds to its southern terminus at PA 309 in Center Valley. PA 378 was originally known as Pennsylvania Route 191 south of the river. Today, PA Route 378 is the only highway from US 22 to Center City, and a quick route for visitors traveling to the Sands Casino Resort on the city's South Side. In 2009, the portion north of the Lehigh River was named the Fred B. Rooney Highway. Construction from West Broad Street to U.S Route 22 (Lehigh Valley Thruway) began in 1966 and finished in 1968. At that time, the segment received the Interstate 378 designation. It was changed to PA 378 in 1971 after I-378 was deleted. In 1974, the designation replaced Pennsylvania Route 191 from Center Valley to Third Street in Bethlehem.
Route description.
Route 378 begins at two separate intersections with Route 309 in the community of Center Valley (part of Upper Saucon Township). The route heads northward, passing through the residential portions of Center Valley, paralleling the Old Bethlehem Pike. Soon, the southbound lanes follow fields and commercial buildings surround the northbound. After an intersection with Preston Lane, Route 378 turns to the northeast through more residential districts and continues its parallel of the nearby turnpike. The highway departs from the residential district and enters the Saucon Valley Country Club. At the intersection with Osgood Avenue, Route 378 turns to the northeast, crossing the Old Bethlehem Pike soon after. After crossing Saucon Valley Road, the highway leaves the residential area for a stretch of long fields and intersecting with the nearby Center Valley Parkway, an arterial boulevard. After that, the highway crosses under the four lanes of Interstate 78 and parallels the Old Philadelphia Pike into the community of Seidersville. Route 378 through Seidersville is very residential, heading northwestward as a four lane arterial known as Wyandotte Street until leaving the University Heights area near Holy Ghost Cemetery. Route 378 continues into the city of Bethlehem, where it turns northward and is called Wyandotte Street. In the center of the city, Route 378 intersects with the western terminus of Route 412 (Broadway). Route 378 continues northward through Polanski Park and crosses a Norfolk Southern railroad line before crossing the Lehigh River on the Hill to Hill Bridge.
Route 378 heads northward along the Hill to Hill Bridge and crosses over West Lehigh Street and intersects with the off-ramp to Main Street in Bethlehem. There was formerly a ramp to 2nd Avenue, but that has been closed and is only used by pedestrians. After this interchange, Route 378 becomes a freeway and is named the Fred B. Rooney Highway. The highway continues northward, crossing under West Broad Street and only the southbound lanes interchange with North Street, which leads to Center City and Third Avenue. The freeway continues northward, crossing over and receiving an on-ramp from Union Boulevard and turning to the northwest, and interchanges with Eighth Avenue at Interchange 2E and Interchange 2W northbound. Route 378 turns westward through Bethlehem, paralleling Union Boulevard and crossing under Fourteenth Avenue. The route then turns northward, crossing under a rail line and Eaton Avenue and passing the Hal Fenicle Memorial Park. Route 378 continues northbound, interchanging with and crossing under Catasauqua Road. After passing southwestward of Lehigh Valley Hospital at Muhlenberg, the freeway enters an interchange with U.S. Route 22 (the Lehigh Valley Thruway), Route 378 northbound traffic is directed onto U.S. Route 22 westbound.
History.
The at-grade portion of Route 378 south of Bethlehem was originally designated in the 1928 numbering as an alignment of Pennsylvania Route 12, a route crossing through Northampton and Monroe Counties. The alignment of Route 12 used the alignment of current-day Route 378, Route 512, and Route 33 from Center Valley to the community of Bartonsville, where Route 33 terminates. In 1961, Route 12 was decommissioned in favor of Route 191, a highway from Center Valley to the New York state line on the Delaware River. In 1974, however, as part of the decommissioning of Interstate 378, Route 191 had its southern terminus moved to U.S. Route 22 in Brodhead.
The current alignment of Route 378 was first constructed from West Broad Street in Bethlehem to the current interchange with the Lehigh Valley Thruway. As part of the Interstate Highway System, the Lehigh Valley Thruway was cosigned as the alignment of Interstate 78. Upon completion of the freeway in 1968, the new highway was designated Interstate 378, a spur off of Interstate  78. However, in 1971, as Interstate 78 was realigned to a new bypass to the south of Bethlehem, Interstate 378 was decommissioned and replaced with the alignment of State Route 378.
Since completion, Route 378 has undergone little major change, but the highway has undergone several rehabilitations. The Hill to Hill Bridge received a minor fire during reconstruction of the bridge, when a piece of equipment had its motor catch fire on April 13, 2009, when the bridge was undergoing re-painting. The bridge repainting was completed on May 15, 2009, after the closing of a bridge and was re-opened later due to rainfall in the area. On September 23, 2009, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation announced plans and designs for an upgrade and redesign of Route 378 through Bethlehem at its interchange with West Third Street, although this met public criticism. Part of the project, construction of a new ramp from Wyandotte Street to West Third Street, was completed in September 2011. Completion of the widening of West Third Street and Route 412 was completed later in 2011. The $5.1 million project will also include a widening of Route 412 between Exit 67 on Interstate 78 and Daly Avenue in Bethlehem to two lanes in each direction. On November 21, 2009, the project was given funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act signed by president Barack Obama in 2009. The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation received $1 billion worth of funding from the act.

</doc>
<doc id="5847087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847087" title="Jackie Slater">
Jackie Slater

Jackie Ray Slater (born May 27, 1954, in Jackson, Mississippi) is a retired National Football League offensive tackle who played his entire 20-year career with the Rams organization, playing 19 seasons for the Rams in Los Angeles (1976–1994) and one season for the Rams in St. Louis in 1995.
A graduate of Jackson State University, he was a teammate of Walter Payton. Drafted in the third round of the 1976 NFL Draft, Slater seldom played his first few years before starting in 1979. Known as the most consistent member of one of the most potent offensive lines in NFL history, Slater was selected to seven Pro Bowls and broke a record for most seasons with one team. His jersey number was retired and he was inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001. 
His son, Matthew Slater is currently a special teams ace for the New England Patriots. He is currently the offensive line coach at Azusa Pacific University in Azusa, California.
Biography.
College.
Slater was born in Jackson, Mississippi. He was the first member of his family to attend a desegregated school while growing up at Wingfield High School. He attended Jackson State University where he played alongside Walter Payton for three years, who personally recruited him to the university. Slater later credited Payton as the player who "taught him to compete in practice", seeing how Payton often played with an injured elbow. He was a letterman in football and was selected to the Southwestern Athletic Conference All-Star Game three times, and as a senior, he was a First-team All–Black America selection, and was named an All-American selection by the Pittsburgh Courier. After his senior season, he was invited to participate in the College All-Star Game.
NFL career.
Although used primarily as a backup and special teams player during his first three seasons, Slater became the starting right tackle in 1979. That year the Rams went to Super Bowl XIV, where he successfully defended L.C. Greenwood from getting a quarterback sack. In 1980, he was a part of an offensive line that surrendered just 29 sacks and helped the Rams’ offense finish second in the NFL in total yards gained with 6,006. In 1983, he and the Rams offensive line demonstrated their versatility when they allowed a league-low 23 sacks while also paving the way for Eric Dickerson’s rookie rushing record of 1,808 yards. In 1985, he was the key blocker for Dickerson as he ran for a playoff record 248 years and two touchdowns against the Dallas Cowboys in a NFL divisional game. During the 1987 NFL strike, Slater was one of the few veterans who crossed the picket line. During a 1989 playoff game, Slater prevented Reggie White, who was considered the premium pass rusher in the NFL, from sacking the quarterback, a game that Slater later became best known for. Slater was considered by critics the most consistent lineman on one of the best offensive lines in the NFL, which also included Pro Bowlers Kent Hill and Dennis Harrah and was regonized for his "work ethnic and leadership skills" when he was inducted to the Hall of Fame. He retired after the 1995 season when injuries reduced him to playing one game the entire year.
He was voted the National Football League Players Association NFC Offensive Lineman of the year four times—1983, 1986, 1987, and 1989 and was the Athletes in Action/Bart Starr Award winner after the 1995 season. Slater played in 259 games from 1976 to 1995, a then-record for offensive lineman (broken by Bruce Matthews in the 1999 season). He was the first player to play 20 seasons for one team, later matched by Washington Redskins cornerback Darrell Green and Detroit Lions kicker Jason Hanson and third all-time. He played for 24 quarterbacks and 37 running backs in his lengthy career, during which seven running backs reached for over 1,000 yards in a season and played in seven Pro Bowls. Former teammate Jim Everett stated "Jackie Slater is proof they were playing football in the prehistoric days". He was Dickerson's Hall of Fame presenter in 1999. In 2001, Slater was enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Upon hearing his induction to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, fellow inductee and teammate Jack Youngblood said "Jackie Slater didn't want to just beat you, he wanted to dominate you. That's what made him the player that he was." On being honored, Slater stated "As you walk around and shake hands with some of the greatest players in history, it finally hits you, that you belong. You're a part of the greatest roster ever assembled."
Coaching career.
After his football career ended, Slater worked with a ABC affiliate in Los Angeles. He participated as a guest coach during St. Louis Rams training camps in the early 2000s. On February 16, 2006, Oakland Raiders head coach Art Shell hired him to become a co-offensive lineman coach along with Irv Eatman. Slater was hired to mentor Robert Gallery, moving him to left tackle. Gallery struggled that season and Slater was released by the Raiders for the 2007 season and replaced by Tom Cable. He is currently the offensive line coach at Azusa Pacific University in Azusa, California.
Personal.
His son Matthew, who played college football at UCLA, was drafted by the New England Patriots in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He is currently a gunner, and special teams captain for the Patriots. The Slaters have 10 Pro Bowl nods between them, and his son's nominations to the Pro Bowl makes the Slater family the second most nominated family in the NFL (only Archie, Eli, and Peyton Manning have more Pro-Bowl nominations as a family). Slater is active with the NFL Play 60 program, which sends NFL players to schools to discuss spending 60 minutes a day to participate in sports activities. Another son, David is in his final year in college, and Slater and his family live in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5847089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847089" title="HMS Epervier">
HMS Epervier

HMS "Epervier" has been the name of more than one British Royal Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5847096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847096" title="Abdul Wahab Siddiqi">
Abdul Wahab Siddiqi

Early life.
He was born in 1942, the third son of Muhammad Umar Icharvi, one of Pakistan's leading religious scholars of the time, who held the honorary title of "Munazare-Azam" (the greatest debater) because of his success in defeating the leaders of rival Islamic sects. Despite being the third son, Abdul Wahab was made the head of the branch of the Naqshbandi Sufi order by his father. He founded or co-founded a number of important Islamic Institutions in the United Kingdom and established the Hijazi Sufi Order.
Founder of the Hijazi branch of the Naqshbandi Sufi Order.
Abdul Wahab is the founder of the Hijazi Naqshbandiya Sufi Order. Before his death he passed on his position as head of the order to his eldest son. Shaykh Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi.
Founding member of Muslim Parliament.
Abdul Wahab was one of the founding members of the Muslim Parliament and helped draft the Muslim Manifesto He was the vice-chair of the Muslim Parliament at the time of his death 
Founder of Hijaz College.
Hazrat Abdul Wahab Siddiqi was the founder of the Hijaz College based in Nuneaton. Hazrat Abdul Wahab Siddiqi envisioned that the college would be the first of many educational institutions to revive a model of Islamic Education whereby students learnt both traditional Islamic subjects alongside modern physical and social sciences, philosophy and mathematics, alongside traditional spirituality or Sufism.
Founder of International Muslim Organisation.
Hazrat Abdul Wahab Siddiqi was the Founder of the International Muslim Organisation a political body to unite Muslims in different countries to highlight Islamic Values, Civilization, forming Islamic Centres, opening schools, constructing mosques and forming research centres.It has branches in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Canada, Trinidad, Australia and Sri Lanka.
Tomb.
Hazrat Abdul Wahab Siddiqi was considered a "qutb", a very high form of "awliya"' (Muslim saint) and as per custom in the Muslim world, a "dargah" has been built over his grave which is in the grounds of Hijaz College. It is the only one in western Europe.
"Blessed Summit".
This is an annual event at Hijaz College, aimed at inspiring the British youth to adhere to classical Islam. The Blessed Summit encourages its many guests to reflect upon their lives, and take inspiration from the life of Abdul Wahab Siddiqi.
Children.
Abdul Wahab Siddiqi trained his four sons in the traditional Islamic sciences and they have all subsequently been educated as professionals, they are:
His daughter is married to the present CEO of Hijaz College Shaykh Tauqir Ishaq who is also a qualified Civil Engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="5847101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847101" title="Yellowstone Plateau">
Yellowstone Plateau

The Yellowstone Plateau volcanic field is a geological feature found in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is a popular site for tourists.
The plateau developed through three volcanic cycles spanning two million years that included some of the world's largest known eruptions. Eruption of the > Huckleberry Ridge Tuff about 2 million years ago created the more than long Island Park Caldera. The second cycle concluded with the eruption of the Mesa Falls Tuff around 1.3 million years ago, forming the wide Henry's Fork Caldera caldera at the western end of the first caldera. Activity subsequently shifted to the present Yellowstone Plateau and culminated 630,000 years ago with the eruption of the Lava Creek Tuff and the formation of the present caldera. Resurgent doming then occurred at both the NE and SW sides of the caldera and voluminous intracaldera rhyolitic lava flows were erupted between 150,000 and 70,000 years ago. Phreatic eruptions produced local tephras during the early Holocene. The caldera presently contains one of the world's largest hydrothermal systems including the world's largest concentration of geysers. Much of the plateau is located within Yellowstone National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="5847102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847102" title="Oligopygoida">
Oligopygoida

Oligopygoida is an extinct order of irregular echinoids. The group is closely related to the Clypeaseroida, and may be representative of its ancestral clypeasteroid. The order was once grouped together with the cassiduloids. However unlike them, oligopygoids have a well-developed lantern uncommon amongst urchirns and holectypoids, but similar to that of clypeasteroids. Phylogenetic analysis has shown the clypeasteroids to be a sister group to oligopygoids. However they are differentiated by the lack of accessory ambulacral pores, which are characteristic of that group. They also have well-developed petals above small, wedge-shaped demiplates. Each of these have simple ambulacral pore. The presence of these demiplates is unique to this order. The apical disk is monobasal, with a deep sunken typically sunken deep.
Early research into this order recognized one family (Oligopygidae; Duncan 1889), and two genera, ("Haimea"; Michelin, 1851; "Oligopygus"; de Loriol, 1888). However a major revision was made by Kier in 1967 who recognized the order.

</doc>
<doc id="5847103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847103" title="Dexter Park (Chicago)">
Dexter Park (Chicago)

Dexter Park was a horse race track in Chicago, Illinois built in the years following the Civil War. It was named for a gelding and trotter who had set world records for the mile[http://cowboyfrank.net/fortvalley/breeds/Standardbred.htm]
and inspired the naming of several new towns including Dexter, Missouri and Dexter, Texas.
Dexter Park was the first home of the Chicago White Stockings, one of the oldest professional baseball clubs in operation. Chicago's sporting businessmen formed the White Stockings in 1870 to represent Chicago as the Red Stockings had done for Cincinnati in 1869. When the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players formed in 1871, the White Stockings joined the new league and relocated to the lakefront, at Union Base-Ball Grounds. That move proved ill-fated, as it put the team's home field in the path of the Great Chicago Fire; the club did not field another team for two years while it nursed its financial position.
Dexter Park was situated on Halsted Street, between 47th Street to the south and the imaginary line of 42nd Street to the north. This property was owned by, and adjacent to, the Union Stock Yards. The "bird's-eye view" of the stockyards, from ca. 1878, shows part of the race track at the left edge. The track continued to be used for exhibitions until 1934 when it was destroyed by fire. An arena called the International Amphitheater was built on its site. The racetrack was commemorated by a road to the west of the arena, called Dexter Park Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5847108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847108" title="Dexter Park (Queens)">
Dexter Park (Queens)

Dexter Park was located in the Queens, New York neighborhood of Woodhaven, just north of Eldert Lane and Jamaica Avenue, not far from the borough line with Brooklyn. It had a long early history as a recreational park, which replaced a racetrack. Legend has it that the track was named for a famous horse called Dexter, reputedly buried at the site. However, the "Brooklyn Eagle" disputed this claim in 1891:
The name of Hiram Woodruff recalls Dexter Park. Hiram was the first owner of that property, and, until five or six years ago, his name still appeared in big letters over the horseshed adjoining the hotel. Then the shed was blown down, and when it was rebuilt the name of Hiram Woodruff had disappeared. But Dexter Park did not take its name from the famous trotter owned by the proprietor of the place. It was known simply as Hiram's, and when Woodruff died a man named Charles Dexter took charge of the place. From that time on it has been known as Dexter Park.'
Built in the 19th century, it was eventually the home of the Negro Leagues team called the Brooklyn Royal Giants, of the 1920s and 1930s. According to the Woodhaven Cultural and Historical Society sign at the site, the first night game at this venue was played in 1930. Josh Gibson once hit a home run over the 30-foot high wall behind the 418-foot deep left-center bleachers. It was also the home of the Brooklyn Bushwicks, an independent semi-pro team that played there until 1951, when they folded. The Bushwicks played many teams in the Negro Leagues as well as various All-Star teams. Dexter Park and the Bushwicks were owned by Max Rosner. Many former Major League ballplayers were featured on the Bushwicks, like the Cuccinello brothers. The Brooklyn Farmers also played at Dexter Park.
Dexter Park set an attendance high for a National Challenge Cup (soccer) final in 1929, when 21,583 fans saw New York Hakoah defeat Madison Kennel of St. Louis. A record that stood for more than 80 years, until October 5, 2010, when 31,311 attended an Open Cup final at Qwest Field in Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="5847109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847109" title="WaveRunner">
WaveRunner

WaveRunner is a trademarked name and type of personal water craft (PWC) produced by the Yamaha Motor Company. Unique to the WaveRunner among PWCs is the spout of water that shoots into the air from the rear of the vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="5847116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847116" title="George N. Saegmuller">
George N. Saegmuller

George N. Saegmuller (1847 - 1934) was a German-born American inventor of many astronomical instruments and other mechanical devices. 
He attended technical schools in Erlangen and Nuremberg. In 1870 he moved to the United States, where he settled in Washington, DC and began working for a craftsman involved in the production of astronomical and geodetic instruments. He also worked for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey in charge of precision instruments.
Saegmuller married Maria Jane Vandenberg while living in Washington and lived on the Vandenberg family farm, Reserve Hill, in Arlington County, Virginia. Saegmuller was involved in many different scientific pursuits including road maintenance and water wheel pumps. He worked with Camill Fauth in the scientific equipment supply business. 
Saegmuller invented or contributed to the development of a multitude of devices. He held more than 35 patents. His inventions include the solar attachment for engineering transits, a new type of naval bore sight, and numerous telescopes and telescope mounts.
Saegmuller, as part of Fauth & Co., joined with Bausch & Lomb Optical Company in 1905.
He died on February 12, 1934 in Arlington, Virginia. He is buried in Columbia Gardens Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5847119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847119" title="Lee Reherman">
Lee Reherman

Lee Reherman is an American actor, appearing in television and film and hosting television reality shows. 
Early life.
Reherman attended Cornell University, where he played football as an offensive lineman. Following his graduation with a B.S. in 1988, he attended the Miami Dolphins training camp trying out for the team's offensive line, but did not make the team. Thereafter, he earned his MBA at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. He was pursuing his PhD when he left to begin his television and film career.
Professional career.
In 1992, Reherman made his first professional acting appearance as an unnamed football player in the television show "Columbo". The following year, he had a small named part in the film "Last Action Hero", but began creating a name when he joined the "American Gladiators" television show as "The Hawk". He remained with the show until its cancelation in 1996, also appearing from 1995 to 1996 in the spinoff "International Gladiators 1". Through this time and after, he continued with small spots in television programs and television hosting roles, including a recurring position with the "American Veterans Awards" on the History Channel. 
In 2007, Reherman became the regular host of "Hot Rod TV" and "Forza Motorsport Showdown" on the television network Speed". He hosted "Forza Motorsport Showdown" for one season, while his work with "Hot Rod TV" is ongoing. He has also hosted the series "Battle of the Supercars" (2010) (Speed), "Off-Road Overhaul" (2011-2012) (Outdoor Channel), and "Game Changers" (2013) (Stage 5 TV). 
In addition to one-offs and occasional appearances, Reherman has had recurring acting roles on several television series, including "" (2010) and "The First Family" (2012-2013). He has also featured regularly on reality show "The Great Escape" (2012) as a guard. 
Reherman has also worked in video games, providing voices for characters in "Dead Rising 3" and "Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter".

</doc>
<doc id="5847123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847123" title="Fourth United States Army">
Fourth United States Army

The Fourth United States Army was a field army of the United States Army. 
History.
It was organized as Fourth Army in the Organized Reserves in 1922 at New York City, NY. It was withdrawn from the Organized Reserves on 9 August 1932 and allotted to the Regular Army as an inactive unit. It was activated 1 October 1933 and headquartered at the Presidio of San Francisco, California. It was redesignated Fourth United States Army on 1 January 1957.
The Fourth United States Army has no combat record. It remained in the Continental United States during World War II, largely responsible for the defense of the West Coast while training tactical units to operate efficiently in combat when allocated to the various battlefront field armies of the United States.
During the 1960s, the Fourth Army operated "Tigerland," an infantry training school at Louisiana's Fort Polk to prepare new recruits for infantry combat in Vietnam. In July 1971, the Fourth Army was disbanded and consolidated with Fifth United States Army at Fort Sam Houston.
Between 1984 and 1992, Fort Sheridan served as the headquarters of the Fourth Army and U.S. Army Recruiting Command. During that time, Fort Sheridan was the headquarters for activities at 74 U.S. Army Reserve Centers located in northern Illinois, northwest Indiana, and the lower peninsula of Michigan. HQ Fourth US Army, was at "The Army's Biggest Little Post," Fort Sheridan. 
The Fort was founded in 1887, named for Gen. Philip H. Sheridan, Civil War Union cavalry leader and commanding general of the Army, 1883–1888; It is located on 695 acres on the shore of Lake Michigan, 29 miles north of Chicago loop. The post serves as an Administrative and Logistics Center for Midwest military installations. It was also home of the Army Recruiting Command, US Military Entrance Processing Command, 425th Trans Bde (USAR), Army Readiness Grp., 4th Recruiting Bde and Recruiting Bn, Chicago. Lieutenant General (United States) James R. Hall, served as the last commanding general of Fort Sheridan. In December 1988, the BRAC Commission recommended closure of Fort Sheridan. The BRAC Commission also recommended relocation of the Headquarters, Fourth Army; and the Headquarters, United States Army Recruiting Command to Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indiana.
Distinctive Unit Insignia.
The Distinctive Unit Insignia is a gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches (3.02 cm) in height overall consisting of a red enamel square one angle up bearing a white enamel four-leaf clover with stem to base in front of and extending over a blue (ultramarine) enamel disc, between at top and in base arced gold motto scrolls, that at top crossing over the square in front of the angle, curving downward and terminating at the upper sides of the square, and that in base crossing over the square in front of the angle and terminating at the lower sides of the square, the scroll at the top inscribed "Leadership" and that in base "And Integrity" all in red enamel letters. The design was suggested by the shoulder sleeve insignia of the Fourth U.S. Army modified by the white four-leaf clover with stem being placed in front of and over a blue disc which alludes to the waters of the Pacific and Pacific Coast and the bluebonnet, the State flower of Texas. The distinctive unit insignia was originally authorized on 16 Jan 1969. It was amended on 25 Sep 1969 to correct the symbolism of the design.
References.
History of the Fourth Army, Jack B. Beardwood, Washington, D.C., 1946 (N.P. Army Ground Force Study No. 18)

</doc>
<doc id="5847125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847125" title="Clayton (St. Louis MetroLink)">
Clayton (St. Louis MetroLink)

Clayton is a St. Louis MetroLink station that opened August 26, 2006. This at-grade station is located in the median of Forest Park Parkway between S. Central Ave and S. Meramec Ave, and serves the Clayton Central Business District, St. Louis County Government Complex and area residents. MetroRide, a convenient shop for customers to receive schedule and route information or purchase tickets and passes, is located at this station on the second level. This station is accessible by pedestrian access bridge, stairs, and an elevator. All bus connections are located in the adjacent Clayton MetroBus Center, accessible by elevator or escalator from second level of the garage.
Parking.
Public parking is available in the attached county garage. However, this parking is not supplied by Metro, therefore charges may apply; from August 28, 2006, parking in this garage will be included in the new 30-day "Metro Combo Pass." [http://metrostlouis.org/InsideMetro/NewsRoom/releases/2006-048AMetroFareIncreaseEeffectiveAug28-06.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="5847126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847126" title="Bauska District">
Bauska District

Bauska District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Semigallia region, in the country's centre. It was organized into a city, a municipality and fifteen parishes, each with a local government authority. The principal city was Bauska.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847127" title="Joyce Dugan">
Joyce Dugan

Joyce Dugan is the former Principal Chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. She became Principal Chief in 1995, and was the first woman to be elected to the office.
She established a cultural division in tribal government, working on "cultural heritage issues such as language, repatriation, museum exhibit, and education," and was active in environmental issues and health. Her successor, Leon Jones, planned to continue her efforts to fight diabetes.
In 2009, she served as Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians Director of Communications and External Relations at the Cherokee casino.
She is a former superintendent of the Cherokee Central Schools.
She is the author of a book entitled "The Cherokee" which describes the history and cultural practices of her tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="5847132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847132" title="Purify (album)">
Purify (album)

Purify is a mini album released by the Canadian death metal band Axis of Advance in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5847134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847134" title="John Edward Kelley">
John Edward Kelley

John Edward Kelley was a newspaperman and a politician from South Dakota. He was born in Columbia County, Wisconsin, near Portage City, in 1853, where he attended the public schools. 
He moved to Moody County of the Dakota Territory, in what is now South Dakota, in 1878 and engaged in agricultural pursuits. He also engaged in the newspaper business in Flandreau, South Dakota. He was elected to the South Dakota House of Representatives for 1890 and 1891. He ran for the United States House of Representatives 1893 and 1895 on the Populist ticket, finally winning election in 1896. He lost his bid for reelection, and returned to agricultural pursuits near Colman, South Dakota. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1912, and held the office of register of the United States land office at Pierre, South Dakota from 1915 to 1918. He moved to St. Paul, Minnesota, and become editor of the "Cooperative Herald.". He died in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="5847140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847140" title="Australian Champion Sprinter">
Australian Champion Sprinter

The Australian Champion Sprinter is awarded annually to the Thoroughbred horse whose performances in Australia over distances between 1000m and 1400m are deemed to be the superior to other horses.
It has been awarded since the 1998 - 1999 season.
Other Australian Thoroughbred Awards.
Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year<br>
Australian Champion Two Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Three Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse<br>
Australian Champion Stayer<br>
Australian Champion Filly or Mare<br>
Australian Champion International Performer<br>
Australian Champion Jumper<br>
Australian Champion Trainer
See also.
Millionaire Racehorses in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="5847159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847159" title="UFC 55">
UFC 55

UFC 55: Fury was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on October 7, 2005 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD. This would be the last UFC to air live on a Friday until UFC 141, which aired on December 30, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="5847161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847161" title="Resource Ordering Status System">
Resource Ordering Status System

In the United States, the National Wildfire Coordinating Group operates a nationwide, web-based database system for managing wildland firefighting resources. The system, called National Interagency Resource Ordering and Status System or Resource Ordering and Status System, (or simply "ROSS"), improves efficiency of borrowing and sending home of fire equipment in a large, campaign-type fire. It coordinates equipment movements across bureaucratic lines, making state and federal resources look more like a single pool of equipment and staff.
In the past, borrowing equipment and staff, called resources, from other agencies required people in a command center to place telephone calls and make radio inquiries to find out what was available. Some agencies had internal computer systems to manage equipment and staff moves but they could not exchange data with the systems of other agencies. This made processes produce non-repeatable results and was labor-intensive, tying up staff on the telephone during their busiest periods. "ROSS" speeds the process and gives system users an enhanced understanding of:
Participating agencies include many state fire suppression organizations such as CAL FIRE, and federal entities such as the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, United States Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, National Information Technology Center, and the United States Forest Service. The National Wildfire Coordinating Group membership is made up of representatives from each of these Federal land management agencies and the National Association of State Foresters.

</doc>
<doc id="5847163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847163" title="Daugavpils District">
Daugavpils District

Daugavpils District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's south-east. It was organized into two cities and twenty one parishes, each with a local government authority. The district council headquarters were located in the city of Daugavpils, which, however, was not part of the district. 
As of 2009, The district's area was 2,525.5 km2, which contained 21 parishes, one city and one municipality.
The district was located in Latvia's southeastern area. It bordered Belarus, Lithuania, and the former Latvian districts of Jēkabpils, Preiļi and Krāslava.
Daugavpils District was situated in the geographical region of East-Latvian Lowland, Latgale Upland and Augšzeme Upland. The highest points above sea level were Egļukalns (220.1 m), Piķeļnieku kalns (206 m), Lediņu kalns (202 m) and Skrudalienas kalns (201 m). Almost all of the territory was located in the Daugava River basin. Besides the Daugava River there were many large and small rivers.
District were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009, being divided into the municipalities of Daugavpils and Ilūkste.

</doc>
<doc id="5847170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847170" title="Eric &quot;Red Mouth&quot; Gebhardt">
Eric &quot;Red Mouth&quot; Gebhardt

Eric "Red Mouth" Gebhardt is a singer/songwriter from Alabama (born in Vernon, Texas) who plays a blend of southern music that blends blues, broken-hearted honky tonk, Stonesy rock 'n' roll, with gospel music. "Blues In London" described his sound as: 
"a joyfully chaotic reworking of the common sources... identifiably adhering to bluesey, country, folky, forms but happy to accept (actively embrace) a loose interpretation of the detail... a great blend of sasparila americana styles pulled together without meandering to 'authenticity', and played with a wit and verve that honour it's antecedents whilst managing a contemporary freshness."
Gebhardt started in a band dubbed The Throwaways who still perform every so often around the north Alabama area. The band's most notable achievement was a one-off release with High Society Records, an independent record label in Hamburg, Germany. The record did well in Europe, where the band never toured to support the release. The label folded shortly after.
After the disappointment, Gebhardt moved to Orlando, Florida and formed The Studdogs with Dickie Evans and Jeremy Talcott. Gebhardt stayed with the group for five years, releasing three compact discs. The band was signed by Orange Recordings in Los Angeles and toured all over the country, sharing bills with the Demolition Doll Rods, the Porch Ghouls, Bob Log III, and the Immortal Lee County Killers. His songwriting however started to out-grow the sleazy blues rock of the Studdogs, and Gebhardt left the band to pursue a solo career.
This growing interest in songwriting brought Gebhardt back to Florence, and later Biloxi, Mississippi, where his delta blues-influenced solo acoustic performances (and blazing red beard) earned him the bluesman nickname "Red Mouth." He spent some time duking it out in the 
juke joints of the area, but his desire to always move on has sent him out on the road searching for new places to play.
In 2005, Red Mouth released his solo debut "Blues $1.49/lb" which scored critical favor in the underground American circuits, garnering special attention in the United Kingdom. "Blues In London" loved the album so much that they appointed Gebhardt as their own personal "man in the States." He can be found regularly writing articles on underground American blues artists, documenting the rigors of life on the road, and occasionally reviewing records.
He's been described by Joe Mauceri of the "Dictator Monthly" as "the bastard rebel child of Lou Reed."
In 2010, Redmouth performed in Lausanne, Switzerland at the 1st Annual Blues Rules Festival. This was a two-day concert featuring acts from around Europe and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5847171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847171" title="Grayvoron">
Grayvoron

Grayvoron () is a town and the administrative center of Grayvoronsky District in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of the Vorskla (a tributary of the Dnieper) and Grayvoronka Rivers. Population: 
History.
The "sloboda" of Grayvorony () was founded on August 5, 1678. It was granted town status and given its present name in 1838.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Grayvoron serves as the administrative center of Grayvoronsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Grayvoron, together with the "selo" of Lugovka in Grayvoronsky District, is incorporated within Grayvoronsky Municipal District as Grayvoron Urban Settlement.
Notable people.
Grayvoron is the birthplace of the Russian engineer and inventor Vladimir Shukhov.

</doc>
<doc id="5847192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847192" title="Santiago Fernández (footballer)">
Santiago Fernández (footballer)

Santiago Fernández Fernández (born 7 March 1985, in Mexico City, Mexico) is an ex football striker who last played for Puebla F.C. in the Mexican First Division. Once hailed as one of Club América's (and Mexico's) top footballing prospects, Fernández disappeared from the sport after a brief spell in FC Barcelona's youth squad only to resurface a couple of years later for América.
Career.
Club América's divisions. His talent was soon recognized by legendary coach Manuel Lapuente, who promoted him to the senior squad in late 2002. His professional debut came during the Clausura 2003 season, on January 25, 2003 - in a game against San Luis F.C.. After a few more appearances as a late sub, Lapuente inserted Fernández in the starting lineup of a game against Club Atlas. Santiago did not disappoint, notching a goal and serving an assist in a wild 4-4 draw.
Soon after, Dutch coach Leo Beenhakker took over the reins of the club and relegated Fernández to the bench, and following a disappointing Apertura 2003 season in which he did not play, Santiago decided to try his luck abroad, signing on for FC Barcelona B to play the 2004-05 season. His performance in Mexico and subsequent emigration to Spanish football also caught the eye of Mexican national team officials, and Fernández was selected to represent his country at the 2005 Under-20 World Cup qualifying tournament, in which Mexico failed to advance to the main event, suffering two defeats and drawing once.
At FC Barcelona B, Fernández had limited participation, and was released at the end of the 2004-05 campaign. Disappointed, Santiago returned to Mexico with the intention of abandoning his football career and focusing full-time on his education at Universidad Anáhuac del Norte and playing for the campus team, Halcones Anahuac. In 2006, after a heartbreaking postseason loss to UANL Tigres in the Apertura 2006 tournament and a disappointing start to the Clausura 2006 season, Manuel Lapuente made his way back into the head coaching position at Club América. Immediately, Lapuente sought out Fernández and convinced the young striker to play once more for América. Santiago showed no signs of rust, scoring in a CONCACAF Champions Cup quarterfinal match against Jamaica's Portmore United which América won 5-2. Fernández also participated in the Mexican league's Clausura 2006 season for the "Águilas".
After the off-season shakeup that saw strikers Kléber Boas and Aarón Padilla shipped out to other clubs, and signees Vicente Matías Vuoso and Salvador Cabañas join the team, Fernández is was primed to secure a regular spot in the team's lineup, under new coach Luis Fernando Tena. America under the leadership of Tena suffered and he was soon fired. Fernández saw little playing time, coming off the bench most games. With new coach, Daniel Brailovsky, Fernández played even less. The media even said that there was a feud between the two and before the 2007 Clasura started. Fernández left to Club Toluca.
He is infamous for his role at the 2008 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament, he was a substitute at the last match against Haiti, when he, along Luis Angel Landín and César Villaluz missed easy goals, Santiago missed a shot from nearly 2 meters from goal with no keeper and was unable to get to the ball several times in crosses from his teammates, the next weeks playing for Toluca he was loudly booed in every venue he played in.
Santiago joined Puebla F.C. for the Clausura 2009 season, in hopes of helping the team avoid relegation to the Primera "A" but six months later he announced that his football career was over.
International Caps.
"As of 22 August 2007"

</doc>
<doc id="5847195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847195" title="Aizkraukle District">
Aizkraukle District

Aizkraukle District (, ) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Vidzeme and Selonia regions, in the country's centre. 
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847196" title="Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi">
Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi

Hazrat Allama Pir Faiz-ul-Aqtab Siddiqi (born 1967) is a British Muslim scholar, principal of the Hijaz College, National Convenor of the Muslim Action Committee (MAC), Secretary General of the International Muslims Organisation, Grand Blessed Guide of the Naqshbandi Hijazi Sufi Order and a barrister at law.
Family of Religious Scholars.
Shaykh Faiz is the eldest son of the late Hazrat Mujadid Abdul Wahab Siddiqi and the grandson of Maulana Muhammad Umar Icharvi. He studied under his father and many other great Shayukh of the time. Later he studied at Al-Azhar University in Egypt
Principle of Hijaz College.
He is the principal and founding trustee of Hijaz College in Nuneaton, England, where he resides on campus.
Champion of Muslim Unity.
The Shaykh is a signatory to Charter 3:103 based on the verse of the Qur'an which urges Muslims to remain united despite sectarian differences.
Convenor of the Muslim Action Committee.
The Shaykh convened the Muslim Action Committee, an umbrella organisation of Sunni and Shia Islamic scholars and Islamic political groups such as the Islamic Human Rights Commission and Hizb ut-Tahrir to organise a demonstration against the repeated publications of the Danish cartoons of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad. The demonstration was the largest in Europe and the largest within the UK since the Salman Rushdie incident. The organisation works to combat attacks on Islamic religious symbols.
Founder of Hijaz Community.
Shaykh Faiz is the founder of the Hijaz Community which operates in various parts in the country to build social cohesion and spirituality in society.
Profession as Barrister.
He is a barrister under English and Welsh law, and as such is a member of the Lincoln's Inn. He practises commercial and conflict law, limiting this to three days per month as his main focus is on social engineering programmes to rejuvenate Muslim communities and enhance their spiritual prosperity.
Controversy over Sharia courts in the UK.
Shaykh Faiz was amongst the guests on the "Law in Action" programme aired on 28 November 2006 which discussed the issue of Sharia courts in the UK, which was covered by many newspapers and other media. Shaykh Faiz made the following observation about the issues:
"Because we follow the same process as any case of arbitration, our decisions are binding in English law. Unless our decisions are unreasonable, they are recognised by the High Court."
Shaykh Faiz was also involved in a debate in London in February 2008 entitled "KINGDOM OF GOD: the Archbishop, the Sharia and the Law of the Land" in response to a speech by Archbishop Rowan Williams, in which Shaykh Faiz defended and advocated the use of Islamic Family Law in the UK and showed hope that in the future a more educated and spiritual Muslim community in Britain would be able to live under all aspects of Sharia Law.
Shaykh Faiz launched the Muslim Arbitration Tribunal to deal with the issue of forced marriages within the Muslim community.
Shaykh Faiz delivered a lecture within the walls of Temple Church entitled "Family Law, Minorities and legal Pluralism: Should English Law give more Recognition to Islamic Law?" in November 2008 which sparked media controversy over its endorsement of polygamy.
Mecca via Wall Street.
Shaykh Faiz has recently launched Hijaz Community with a series of events entitled Mecca via Wall St. The events have been on the concept of civic, social and corporate responsibility. With partners in the corporate sector, mainly through a new insurance company, called 'Muslim Insurance' these events have been organised in order to raise money for charity and promote the work of Hijaz Community. Muslim Insurance itself is a charitable company that donates 50% of its profits to charity, and is supported by over 700 Islamic scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="5847197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847197" title="Fujiwara no Ietaka">
Fujiwara no Ietaka

Ietaka was involved in a number of poetic matches and has a personal collection .
<poem>"Remember well!
Whose promises of love were they
That brought this end?
Fair clouds from yesterday
By the cold mountain's breath."</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5847198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847198" title="Brigade 2506">
Brigade 2506

Brigade 2506 (Brigada Asalto 2506) was the name given to a CIA-sponsored group of Cuban exiles formed in 1960 to attempt the military overthrow of the Cuban government headed by Fidel Castro. It carried out the abortive Bay of Pigs Invasion landings in Cuba on 17 April 1961.
History.
In May 1960, the CIA began to recruit anti-Castro Cuban exiles in the Miami area. For most recruits, infantry training was carried out at a CIA-run base code-named "JMTrax" near Retalhuleu in the Sierra Madre on the Pacific coast of Guatemala.
In November 1960, with Gregorio Aguilar Matteo leading training with 430 men in training, the leaders of the brigade were chosen, and the group was named Brigade 2506. It also known as the blindado battilion among members, using the membership number of Carlos (Carlyle) Rafael Santana Estevez, who had died in a training accident in September 1960. The principal commanders were appointed as follows:
About 1,334 men traveled on a seaborne force from Guatemala, of which about 1,297 actually landed in Cuba, plus an additional 177 airborne paratroops. An estimated 114 drowned or were killed in action, and 1,183 were captured, tried and imprisoned. Private sympathizers in the United States eventually negotiated to give $53 million worth of food and medicine in exchange for release and repatriation of Brigade prisoners to Miami starting on 23 December 1962. On 29 December 1962, President John F. Kennedy hosted a 'welcome back' ceremony for captured Brigade 2506 veterans at the Orange Bowl in Miami. Some of its members have gone on to found the Brigade 2506 Veteran's Association which controls the Bay of Pigs Museum & Library in Miami.
Notable brigade members were:

</doc>
<doc id="5847204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847204" title="Chris Christie">
Chris Christie

Christopher James "Chris" Christie (born September 6, 1962) is the 55th Governor of New Jersey and a leading member of the Republican Party.
Born in Newark, Christie became interested in politics at an early age, and volunteered for the gubernatorial campaign of Republican Tom Kean in 1977. A 1984 graduate of the University of Delaware, he earned a J.D. at Seton Hall University School of Law. Christie joined a Cranford law firm in 1987, where he became a partner in 1993, and continued practicing until 2002.
He was elected as a county legislator in Morris County, serving from 1995 to 1998, during which time he generally pushed for lower taxes and lower spending. By 2002, Christie had campaigned for Presidents George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush; the latter appointed him as United States Attorney for New Jersey, a position he held from 2002 to 2008. In that position, he emphasized prosecutions of political corruption, and also obtained convictions for sexual slavery, arms trafficking, racketeering by gangs, as well as other federal crimes.
In January 2009, Christie declared his candidacy for Governor of New Jersey. He won the Republican primary, and defeated incumbent Governor Jon Corzine in the election that November. In 2013, he won re-election as Governor, defeating Democrat Barbara Buono by a margin of over 22%. He was sworn in to a second term as governor on January 21, 2014. On November 21, 2013, Christie was elected Chairman of the Republican Governors Association, succeeding Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal.
Christie was seen as a potential candidate in the 2012 presidential election, and though not running, he was the keynote speaker at the 2012 Republican National Convention. He is viewed as a potential presidential candidate in 2016. The ongoing investigations of the Fort Lee lane closure scandal have posed a challenge for Christie, who denies wrongdoing.
Early life, education, and family.
Christie was born in Newark, New Jersey, the son of Sondra A. (née Grasso) and Wilbur James "Bill" Christie, a certified public accountant. His father is of Scottish and Irish descent, and his mother was of Sicilian ancestry. Christie's family moved to Livingston, New Jersey after the 1967 Newark riots, and Christie would live in Livingston until he graduated from Livingston High School in 1980. While at Livingston High School, Christie served as class president, and played catcher for the baseball team. Christie's father and mother were Republican and Democratic, respectively. He has credited, however, his Democratic-leaning mother for indirectly making him a Republican by encouraging him in 1977 to volunteer for the gubernatorial candidate who became his role model: Tom Kean. Christie had become interested in Kean after Kean, then a state legislator, spoke to Christie's class while Christie was in junior high school.
Christie graduated from the University of Delaware with a Bachelor of Arts in political science in 1984 and Seton Hall University School of Law with a J.D. in 1987. Christie was admitted to the New Jersey State Bar Association and the Bar of the United States District Court, District of New Jersey, in December 1987. Later in life, he was awarded honorary doctorate degrees by Rutgers University and Monmouth University.
In 1986, Christie married Mary Pat Foster, a fellow student at the University of Delaware. After marriage they shared a studio apartment in Summit, New Jersey. Mary Pat Christie pursued a career in investment banking, eventually working at the Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald. She left the firm in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. They have two boys and two girls born from 1993 to 2003.
Christie and his family reside in Mendham Township. His hobbies have included coaching Little League, cheering for the New York Mets, and attending Bruce Springsteen concerts (over 120 of them).
Law practice and local politics.
Lawyer.
In 1987, Christie joined the law firm of Dughi, Hewit & Palatucci of Cranford, New Jersey. In 1993 he was named a partner in the firm. Christie specialized in securities law, appellate practice, election law, and government affairs. He is a member of the American Bar Association and the New Jersey State Bar Association and was a member of the Election Law Committee of the New Jersey State Bar Association. From 1999-2001, Christie was registered statehouse lobbyist for Dughi and Hewit.
Morris County Freeholder.
Christie volunteered for President George H.W. Bush's 1992 re-election campaign in New Jersey, and became close to Bush's state director, Bill Palatucci. Following the campaign, Christie decided to run for office, and moved to Mendham Township. In 1993, Christie launched a primary challenge against the New Jersey Senate Majority Leader, John H. Dorsey. However, Christie's campaign ended after Dorsey successfully challenged the validity of Christie's petition to appear on the ballot.
In 1994, Christie was elected as a Republican to the Board of Chosen Freeholders for Morris County, New Jersey, after he and a running mate defeated incumbent freeholders in the party primary. Following the election, the defeated incumbents filed a defamation lawsuit against Christie based on statements made during the primary campaign. Christie had incorrectly stated that the incumbents were under "investigation" for violating certain local laws. The lawsuit was settled out of court, with Christie acknowledging that the prosecutor had actually convened an "inquiry" instead of an "investigation", and apologizing for the error, which he said was unintentional.
As freeholder, Christie required the county government to obtain three quotes from qualified firms for all contracts. He led a successful effort to bar county officials from accepting gifts from people and firms doing business with the county. He voted to raise the county's open space tax for land preservation; however, county taxes on the whole were decreased by 6.6% during his tenure. He successfully pushed for the dismissal of an architect hired to design a new jail, saying that the architect was costing taxpayers too much money. The architect then sued Christie for defamation over remarks he made about the dismissal, eventually dropping the suit without explanation.
In 1995, Christie announced a bid for a seat in the New Jersey General Assembly; he and attorney Rick Merkt ran as a ticket against incumbent Assemblyman Anthony Bucco and attorney Michael Patrick Carroll in the Republican primary, Christie's ticket running as a pro-choice candidate and supporter of the ban on assault weapons. Bucco and Carroll, the establishment candidates, defeated the up-and-comers by a wide margin. After this loss, Christie's bid for re-nomination to the freeholder board was unlikely, as unhappy Republicans recruited John J. Murphy to run against Christie in 1997. Murphy defeated Christie in the primary. Murphy, who had falsely accused Christie of having the county pay his legal bills in the architect's lawsuit, was sued by Christie after the election. They settled out of court with the Freeholders admitting wrongdoing and apologizing. Christie's career in Morris County politics was over by 1998.
Lobbyist.
When Christie's part-time position as a Chosen Freeholder lapsed, he returned full attention to his law firm Dughi, Hewit & Palatucci. Alongside fellow partner and later, gubernatorial campaign fundraiser Bill Palatucci, Christie's firm opened an office in the state capital, Trenton, devoted mainly to lobbying. Between 1999 and 2001, Christie and Palatucci lobbied on behalf of, among others, GPU Energy for deregulation of New Jersey's electric and gas industry; the Securities Industry Association to block the inclusion of securities fraud under the state's Consumer Fraud Act; Hackensack University Medical Center for state grants; and the University of Phoenix for a New Jersey higher education license. During the 2000 presidential election, Christie served as George W. Bush's campaign lawyer for the state of New Jersey.
United States Attorney.
Appointment.
On December 7, 2001, President George W. Bush appointed Christie the U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey. Some members of the New Jersey Bar professed disappointment at Christie's lack of experience. At the time, he had never practiced in a federal courtroom before, and had little experience in criminal law. Christie received the overwhelming support of the Republican Party in New Jersey. A spokesperson for Acting Governor Donald DiFrancesco, who selected nominees for the position, said that he received hundreds of letters of support for Christie "from everyone from the Assembly speaker down to the county level, close to every member of the Legislature and every county chairman." Christie was also a top fundraiser for Bush's 2000 presidential campaign. He helped raise $350,000 for Bush, qualifying him as a "Pioneer", and also donated to DiFrancesco. Democrats seized upon the role played by Bush's political adviser, Karl Rove, after Christie's law partner, William Palatucci, a Republican political consultant and Bush supporter, boasted that he had selected a United States attorney by forwarding Christie's résumé to Rove. According to New Jersey's senior Senator, Bob Torricelli, Christie promised to appoint a "professional" with federal courtroom experience as deputy if confirmed. By Senate tradition, if a state's senior Senator opposes the nomination of a U.S. Attorney, the nomination is effectively dead, but Christie's promise was enough for Torricelli to give the nomination his blessing. He was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on December 20, 2001, and sworn into office on January 17, 2002.
The brother of Christie's uncle (his aunt's second husband) was an organized crime figure; according to Christie, the FBI presumably knew that when they conducted his background check. Later, Christie recused himself and commented about what he had learned growing up with such a relative: "It just told me that you make bad decisions in life and you wind up paying a price."
Record.
Christie served as the Chief Federal Law Enforcement Officer in New Jersey from January 17, 2002, to December 1, 2008. His office included 137 attorneys, with offices in Newark, Trenton, and Camden. Christie also served on the 17-member Advisory Committee of U.S. Attorneys for Attorneys General John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales.
Soon after taking office, Christie let it be known that his office would make public corruption a high priority, second only to terrorism. During his eight-year tenure, he received praise for his record of convictions in public corruption cases. His office convicted or won guilty pleas from 130 public officials, both Republican and Democratic, at the state, county and local levels. The most notable of these convictions included those of Democratic Hudson County Executive Robert C. Janiszewski in 2002 on bribery charges, Republican Essex County Executive James W. Treffinger in 2003 on corruption charges, former Democratic New Jersey Senate President John A. Lynch, Jr., in 2006 on charges of mail fraud and tax evasion, State Senator and former Newark Democratic mayor Sharpe James in 2008 on fraud charges, and Democratic State Senator Wayne R. Bryant in 2008 on charges of bribery, mail fraud, and wire fraud.
According to Rachel Barkow and Anthony Barkow, both of NYU Law School, Christie negotiated seven deal deferred prosecution agreements (DPAs) during his tenure, some of which were controversial. Under agreements like these, corporations avoid prosecution if they promise not just to obey the law or pay for bad acts, but also promise to change personnel, or revamp business practices, or adopt new types of corporate governance. They are typically used in lieu of prosecution when there is evidence of particularly egregious corporate misconduct. Since 2002, these types of agreements have been sharply on the rise among federal prosecutors, with 23 between 2002 and 2005, and 66 between 2006 and 2008. Outside monitors are appointed in about half of all DPAs, to make sure that the corporations comply. In one case, Christie recommended appointment of The Ashcroft Group, a consulting firm owned by his former boss John Ashcroft, as an outside monitor of Zimmer Holdings — a contract worth as much as $52 million from Zimmer, which was an amount in line with fee structures at that time. In another instance, Christie's office deferred criminal prosecution of pharmaceutical company Bristol Myers in a deal that required the company to dedicate $5 million for a business ethics chair at Seton Hall University School of Law, Christie's alma mater.
Christie defended the appointment of Ashcroft as someone with the necessary prominence and legal acumen, and he defended the Seton Hall donation as happenstance given that there was already a business ethics endowed chair at the only other law school in the state.
Still, cases like these led to new rules within the Justice Department, and sparked a congressional hearing on the subject.
Besides doubling the size of the anticorruption unit for New Jersey, Christie also prosecuted other federal crimes. For example, he obtained convictions of brothel owners who kept Mexican teenagers in slavery as prostitutes, convicted 42 gang members of the Double II Set of various crimes including more than 25 murders, and convicted British trader Hemant Lakhani of trying to sell missiles. Despite claims of entrapment, Lakhani was convicted by jury in April 2005 of attempting to provide material support to terrorists, unlawful brokering of foreign defense articles and attempting to import merchandise into the U.S. by means of false statements, plus two counts of money laundering. He was sentenced to 47 years in prison.
During the second term of George W. Bush, a controversy arose about the administration's dismissal of several U.S. attorneys, allegedly for political reasons. When it was revealed that Christie had been on a preliminary version of the hit list, New York Senator Charles Schumer said: "I was shocked when I saw Chris Christie's name on the list last night. It just shows a department that has run amok." Pat Meehan, the U.S. attorney in Philadelphia, said: "Among his peers, Chris stands out as one of the most admired. If you were to create a list of the U.S. attorneys who have had the greatest impact, Chris would be one of the top two or three names I'd put on it. This defies explanation."
Christie's opponents claimed that he had gotten off the Bush administration's hit list by going after Congressman Robert Menendez; for example, "New York Times" columnist Paul Krugman wrote, "Menendez's claims of persecution now seem quite plausible." Christie had issued a subpoena regarding Menendez 65 days before the 2006 Senate election, in which Menendez defeated Republican Thomas Kean, Jr. to become New Jersey's junior Senator. Christie's biographers (journalists Michael Symons and Bob Ingle) concluded that, "The timing of the Menendez-related subpoena doesn't line up right to support the critics' theory." Christie's aides have said that the subpoena was prompted by a newspaper report about Menendez, which prosecutors feared might imminently lead to destruction of documents and other evidence. The investigation of Menendez continued for years after Christie left office as U.S. Attorney, until Menendez was finally cleared on October 5, 2011.
Governor of New Jersey.
Campaign for office.
Christie filed as a candidate for the office of Governor on January 8, 2009. Former Governor Thomas Kean helped Christie campaign and raise money. In the primary on June 2, Christie won the Republican nomination with 55% of the vote, defeating opponents Steve Lonegan and Rick Merkt. He then chose Kimberly Guadagno, Monmouth County sheriff, to complete his campaign ticket as a candidate for lieutenant governor. On November 3, Christie defeated Jon Corzine by a margin of 48.5% to 44.9%, with 5.8% of the vote going to independent candidate Chris Daggett.
Christie took office as Governor of New Jersey on January 19, 2010. He chose not to move his family into Drumthwacket, the governor's official mansion, and instead resides in a private Mendham Township, New Jersey, residence.
Positions on issues and actions as governor.
Fiscal.
Christie has promised not to raise taxes. He has also vowed to lower the state income and business taxes, with the qualification that this might not occur immediately: "I'm not saying I'm cutting taxes in the first year. The first thing we have to do is get our fiscal house in order, and that's going to be tough."
During his term as Governor, Christie delivered balanced budgets annually for the state as required by the New Jersey Constitution. He claims to have done so without increasing taxes, though this has been debated as he has made reductions to tax credits such as the earned income tax credit and property tax relief programs. Under Christie, there have so far been no rate increases in the state's top three revenue generators: income tax, sales tax, and corporate business tax.
Christie originally proposed a 10 percent income tax cut for all residents of the State, but he later targeted his proposal for people earning less than $400,000 per year, and it would be in the form of an income tax credit equal to 10 percent of their property taxes, capped at $10,000 (phased in over four years). The Democratic-controlled state legislature has refused to implement it to date, taking the view that there would never be enough money to fund a tax cut.
On February 11, 2010, Christie signed Executive Order No. 14, which declared that a "state of fiscal emergency exists in the State of New Jersey" due to the projected $2.2 billion budget deficit for the current fiscal year (FY 2010). In a speech before a special joint session of the New Jersey Legislature on the same day, Christie addressed the budget deficit and proposed various fiscal measures to close the gap. Christie also suspended funding for the Department of the Public Advocate and called for its elimination. Some Democrats criticized Christie for not first consulting them on his budget cuts and for circumventing the Legislature's role in the budget process. In late June 2011, Christie utilized New Jersey's line item veto to eliminate nearly $1 billion from the proposed budget, signing it into law just hours prior to the July 1, 2011, beginning of the state's fiscal year.
In 2010, Christie signed legislation to limit annual property tax growth to 2 percent.
During his second year in office, Christie signed into law a payroll tax cut reducing funding of the Temporary Disability Insurance (TDI) fund by $190 million per year. Effective calendar year 2012, the tax cut authorizes the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development to reduce payroll deduction for most employees from $148 to $61 per year. According to Labor Commissioner Harold J. Wirths, New Jersey workers had been paying much more into the disability fund than what is needed to keep it solvent. The changes took effect on January 1, 2012.
Tax credits and incentives.
On September 18, 2013, Christie signed legislation to overhaul the state's business tax incentive programs. The legislation reduces the number of tax incentive programs from five to two, raises the caps on tax credits, and allows smaller companies to qualify. It increases the credits available for businesses in South Jersey.
Tolls and user-fees.
Christie has raised tolls and fares, which he calls “user fees” on the New Jersey Turnpike, Garden State Parkway, Hudson River crossings and NJ Transit buses and trains during his administration to fund projects throughout the state. In 2014, Christie authorized the increase of numerous other fees charged by the state for various licensing and administrative fees.
Public employee pensions.
In March 2010, Christie signed into law three state pension reform bills, which had passed with bipartisan support. The laws decreased pension benefits for future hires and required public employees to contribute 1.5 percent of their salaries toward their health care. The laws prompted a lawsuit by the police and firefighters' unions. In his campaign for governor, Christie opposed any change in pension benefits for firefighters and law enforcement officers, including "current officers, future officers or retirees". He described the pension agreement as "a sacred trust".
Later that year he called for further cuts, including the elimination of cost-of-living adjustments for all current and future retirees. In June 2011, Christie announced a deal with the Democratic leadership of the legislature on a reform of public employee pensions and benefits. The deal raised public employees' pension contributions, mandated the state to make annual payments into the system, increased public employee contributions toward health insurance premiums, and ended collective bargaining for health benefits. The reform is projected to save the state $120 billion over 30 years.
In June 2013, Christie signed a $33 billion state budget that makes a record $1.7 billion payment to the state's pension fund and also increases school funding by almost $100 million. The budget resulted from negotiations between Christie and Democratic leaders in the state legislature and was the first that Christie has signed as passed, without vetoing any of its provisions.
In May 2014, Christie cut the contributions to New Jersey public workers' pension funds for a 14 month period by nearly $2.5 billion to deal with a revenue shortfall in the state budget of $2.75 billion. The state will instead make a $1.3 billion payment during the period. Christie cited the state constitution's requirement to have a balanced budget for his decision to cut payments to pensions for state workers, and follows Christie's changes to the state’s pension formula earlier in 2014 to save $900 million through the end of his term.
Education.
Christie, whose own children attend Catholic parochial school, is a strong supporter of the state granting tax credits to parents who send their children to private and parochial schools.
He also supports the introduction of state-funded vouchers, which parents of students in failing school districts could use to pay the tuition of private schools, or of public schools in communities other than their own which agree to accept them. Christie supports merit pay for teachers.
Race to the Top
On August 25, 2010, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced $400 million in federal Race to the Top education grants to New Jersey would not be funded due to a clerical error in the state's application made by an unidentified mid-level state official. Christie responded by saying that the Obama administration bureaucracy had overstepped its authority and that the error lay in an administration failure to communicate with the New Jersey government. However, information later came to light that the issue had already been raised with Christie's Education Commissioner Bret Schundler, and in response Christie had asked for Schundler's resignation; Schundler initially agreed to resign, but the following morning asked to be fired instead, citing his need to claim unemployment benefits. Schundler maintained that he told Christie the truth and that Christie was misstating what actually occurred.
In January 2011, the Christie administration approved 23 new charter schools, including the state's first independent school for children with autism. The approvals increased the number of charter schools in the state to 96.
On August 6, 2012, Christie signed a law reforming the tenure system for New Jersey public school teachers. Under the new law, teachers will be required to work four years, instead of three, in order to earn tenure. Additionally, teachers will need to earn positive ratings two years in a row before tenure can be awarded. Tenured teachers with poor ratings for two consecutive years will be eligible for dismissal. Finally the law limits the hearing process for appeals related to dismissal of tenured teachers to 105 days.
On March 6, 2013, the Christie administration released proposed regulations to overhaul the process of evaluating public school teachers in New Jersey. Under the proposal, a percentage of teachers' evaluations would be based on student growth on state tests or based on student achievement goals set with principals.
Energy and environment.
Christie has stated that he believes that the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection is too big and is "killing business" with permit delays and indiscriminate fines. He announced that, if elected, the agency would be his first target for government reduction: he would reduce its workforce and strip it of its fish and wildlife oversight.
Christie has stated that he intends to simultaneously spur growth in the state's manufacturing sector and increase New Jersey's capability to produce alternative energy. He has proposed a list of policy measures to achieve this, including giving tax credits to businesses that build new wind energy and manufacturing facilities, changing land use rules to allow solar energy on permanently preserved farmland, installing solar farms on closed landfills, setting up a consolidated energy promotion program, and following a five-to-one production to non-production job ratio in the creation of new energy jobs. In August 2010, legislation to encourage the development of wind power in New Jersey was signed by Christie at the Port of Paulsboro The "Offshore Wind Economic Development Act" authorized New Jersey Economic Development Authority to provide up to $100 million in tax credits for wind energy facilities. The governor has pledged to ban coal-fired power plants, and to reach 22.5% renewable generation in the state by 2021.
On May 26, 2011 Chris Christie announced he would pull the state out of Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
Hydraulic fracturing.
Christie has rejected permanent bans on hydraulic fracturing (fracking) in New Jersey and vetoed measures that would ban the process and disposal of hydraulic fracturing waste in the State. New Jersey has few proven shale reserves and the process is not practiced there. Christie argued that the vetoed Senate Bill (S253) was premature because of an ongoing study to be completed in 2014 and would discriminate against other states, a violation of the Dormant Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution. Supporters of legislation have said that hydraulic fracturing waste from Pennsylvania makes its way into New Jersey for treatment, although how much is not clear. They also criticized Christie's legal analysis saying that the Office of Legislative Services have said that the bill is constitutional.
Supreme Court nominations.
By tradition since the 1947 state constitution, the seven member New Jersey Supreme Court maintains a political balance and is composed of four members of either the Democratic Party or Republican Party and three of the other. Christie broke with the tradition in May 2010 when he chose not to renominate Justice John E. Wallace, Jr. Christie had said the court "had inappropriately encroached on both the executive and legislative function, and that if elected governor, I would take steps through the decisions I made regarding the court to bring back an appropriate constitutional balance to the court."
Since taking office, Christie has been in a major conflict with the New Jersey Legislature over the court's partisan balance. The stand-off between the governor and the New Jersey Senate has resulted in longstanding vacancies, with temporarily assigned appellate judges filling in.
Social.
Illegal immigration and undocumented residents.
While serving as U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey, Christie stressed that simply "eing in this country without proper documentation is not a crime," but rather a civil wrong; and that undocumented people are not criminals unless they have re-entered the country after being deported. As such, Christie stated, responsibility for dealing with improperly documented foreign nationals lies with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, not the U.S. Attorney's Office.
Christie has been critical about section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, enacted in 1996, which can be used to grant local law enforcement officers power to perform immigration law enforcement functions.
NJ Dream Act.
In December 2013 Christie signed legislation allowing unauthorized immigrants who attending high school for at least three years in New Jersey and graduate to be eligible for the resident rates at state college and universities and community colleges.
Same-sex marriage.
Christie has said that he favoured New Jersey's law allowing same-sex couples to form civil unions, but would veto any bill legalizing same-sex marriage in New Jersey, saying, "I also believe marriage should be exclusively between one man and one woman... If a bill legalizing same sex marriage came to my desk as Governor, I would veto it." He has expressed concern with the recognition of civil unions, however, and has strongly advocated for more stringent laws to protect and strengthen civil unions. On February 13, 2012, the State Senate passed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage by a vote of 24 to 16, and on February 16, the Assembly passed it by a vote of 42 to 33, with three Republicans and one Democrat not voting, and one Democratic seat temporarily vacant. In neither house was the bill passed by a veto-proof majority. Governor Christie vetoed the bill the next day and called for a constitutional amendment for same-sex marriage to be presented to the voters as a ballot referendum. He also called for creation of an Ombudsman to ensure compliance with the State's existing civil union law. Following the "Garden State Equality v. Dow" decision the Christie administration asked the state Supreme Court to grant a stay of the decision pending appeal, which was denied on October 18, 2013, Three days later the Governor withdrew the state's appeal.
Gender parity.
On September 21, 2012, Christie signed Assembly Bill No. 2647 (A-2647) into law that requires employers to post and distribute notice of employees' rights to gender-equal pay, but vetoed other gender parity bills.
Abortion.
In his early political career, Christie was pro-choice stating in an interview that "I would call myself ... a kind of a non-thinking pro-choice person, kind of the default position". Later on Christie evolved his position to be against abortion: "I am pro-life. Hearing the strong heartbeat of my unborn daughter 14 years ago at 13 weeks gestation had a profound effect on me and my beliefs." He has stated, with respect to his opposition to abortion, that he would not use the governor's office to "force that down people's throats", but does favor restrictions on abortion such as banning partial-birth abortion, requiring parental notification, and imposing a 24-hour waiting period.
Medical marijuana and legalization for recreational use.
The "New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act" was enacted in January 2010. As of 2013 New Jersey is one of 20 states where medical marijuana is available. In August 2013 Christie signed a bill to ease restrictions for children in the program. Christie is opposed to legalization of recreational marijuana use.
Sharia Law/Muslim Americans.
Christie has strongly criticized critics of Muslim Americans (specifically The Tea Party), particularly those who claim that Muslims want to introduce Sharia Law into the US. He defended his appointee Sohail Mohammed, a Muslim American, to the NJ Superior Court and stated that ignorance was behind the criticism of Sohail Mohammed and Muslim Americans.
Homosexuality and gay conversion therapy.
Christie believes that homosexuality is innate, having said “If someone is born that way, it’s very difficult to say then that that’s a sin.” On August 19, 2013, Christie signed a bill outlawing gay conversion therapy in children, making New Jersey the second state to institute such a law. The law is being challenged in the courts, with Christie, in his official capacity as governor, named an appellee.
Guns.
On December 20, 2010, Christie signed a letter ordering the release of Brian Aitken, who had been sentenced to seven years for transporting three guns within the state.
Christie has said that each state has the right to determine firearms laws and that the federal government should not interfere in the making of guns laws for New Jersey. When announcing his candidacy in 2009 he said supported strict and aggressive enforcement of the state's current gun laws. In 2013 he chose not to defend a legal challenge to the state's most stringent gun law which requires individuals to prove an urgent threat of violence before getting permits to carry handguns. On July 2, 2014 Christie vetoed legislation that would have reduced the allowed legal size of ammunition magazines. Instead he re-wrote it, proposing a new standard for involuntary commitment of people who are not necessarily deemed dangerous “but whose mental illness, if untreated, could deteriorate to the point of harm” as well as other forms of involuntary metal health treatments. Chris had previously vetoed proposed legislation that would bar the state pension fund from investing in companies that manufacture or sell assault firearms for civilian use and a bill to prohibit the sale of .50-caliber rifles to civilians.
Organized crime.
Christie says that as United States attorney he was always tough on organized crime, though it did not rank as high among his priorities as public corruption, terrorism, violent street gangs or human trafficking did. He added that he stands by a 2007 comment he made that "the Mafia is much more prominent on HBO than in New Jersey."
Hurricane Sandy emergency relief bill.
On December 28, 2012, the U.S. Senate approved an emergency relief bill to provide $60 billion for states affected by Hurricane Sandy. The House did not vote until the next session on Jan. 3. On January 2, Christie criticized the delay as "selfishness and duplicity", and blamed the House Republican leadership. A bill for relief was passed in the House on January 15.
Visit to the Middle East.
Continuing the tradition of earlier New Jersey governors since the 1980s, Christie traveled to Israel in April 2012. His itinerary in that region included Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Tiberias, and the Golan Heights. During the visit, which included meetings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Shimon Peres, Christie commented that "Jerusalem has never been better or freer than under Israeli control." Christie subsequently called a helicopter tour of the West Bank "eye-opening", and cautioned against Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank, Jerusalem or the Golan Heights. The official title given to the trip was "Jersey to Jerusalem Trade Mission: Economic Growth, Diplomacy, Observance". The visit to Israel was Christie's first official overseas trip since taking office. From Israel Christie continued with his family to Jordan, as guests of King Abdullah II.
2013 re-election campaign.
On November 26, 2012, Christie filed papers to run for a second term in office, which would begin in January 2014. Christie won the election over Barbara Buono on November 5, 2013, by a large margin, earning himself the position of governor for a second straight term. His advisors say that his strategy was to focus on winning a huge margin in New Jersey against Democratic opponent Buono, which would help position the governor for the presidential primaries and develop a model for other Republican candidates. Christie began building a national fundraising network, aided by the fact that only one other state had a gubernatorial contest in 2013, and those financial resources were intended to support a major outreach effort toward blacks, Hispanics and women. He also ordered a $25 million special election to fill the seat of the deceased Senator Frank Lautenberg. The move was believed to be motivated by a desire to keep Newark Mayor Cory Booker from sharing an election day, 20 days afterward, with Christie, thereby depressing otherwise anticipated black voter turnout that tended to vote Democratic.
Fort Lee lane closure scandal.
From September 9 through September 13, 2013, two of the three traffic lanes used by Fort Lee, New Jersey, for access to the George Washington Bridge and New York City, were closed on orders from a senior Christie aide and a Christie administration appointee. Due to the lane closures the morning rush hour traffic was reallocated from state and interstate expressways, resulting in massive back-ups on the local streets of Fort Lee for the next five days.
One common theory as to why the lanes were closed is that it was political retribution against Democratic Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich, for not supporting Christie in the 2013 gubernatorial election. Another possible motive involves a major real estate development project, which was a top priority for Sokolich, that was underway at the Fort Lee bridge access point.
Several of Christie's appointees and aides resigned, and Christie fired others, as investigations into the closures intensified. In a February 3, 2014 radio interview Christie indicated that he "unequivocally" had no knowledge of, did not approve, and did not authorize plans to close the toll lanes, and stated that he first found out about the traffic jams from a "Wall Street Journal" story after the lanes had been reopened. In an interview on ABC, Christie reiterated that he was shocked by the actions of his former aides, stating that "Sometimes, people do inexplicably stupid things."
An internal review commissioned by Governor Christie cleared him of any wrongdoing in the scandal and blamed senior staffers for orchestrating the traffic disruptions in Fort Lee. The internal review was conducted by Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. Its report was criticized as a "whitewash" by Democratic politicians and several newspaper editorials. The investigators were faced with refusals by some of the principals in the investigation to be interviewed, including several key officials in the Christie administration, as well as Democratic Mayor Dawn Zimmer.
Other investigations are still underway by the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey, the New Jersey Legislature, and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. A possible investigation by the New Jersey Attorney General was neither confirmed nor denied.
Republican Governors Association.
On November 21, 2013, Christie was elected Chairman of the Republican Governors Association, succeeding Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal. Christie campaigned extensively on behalf of Republican governors who are up for re-election.
Despite the hit to his image from the Bridgegate scandal, Christie remained a major force in fundraising efforts for GOP governorship campaigns. In the first three months of 2014, the RGA raised a record sum for the first quarter of a mid-term election year, and almost double the amount raised by the Democratic Governors Association during the same period.
Presidential politics.
Christie is considered a leader of the Republican Party. He was the subject of ongoing speculation that he would attempt a run for President of the United States in 2012 by competing in the Republican primaries. Through 2013 he denied any interest in launching a presidential bid. In September 2011, a number of press stories cited unnamed sources indicating Christie was reconsidering his decision to stay out of the race. An Associated Press story dated September 30 indicated a decision on whether he would run for president in 2012 would be made "soon". In a late September speech at the Reagan Library, he had again said he was not a candidate for president, but the speech also coincided with his "reconsideration" of the negative decision. One commentator at that time reviewed reported support from David H. and Charles G. Koch, Kenneth Langone, and others for Christie's potential candidacy. Retired General Electric CEO Jack Welch went on the "Charlie Rose Show" to articulate his and others' support for a candidacy, and Langone went on the interview show October 4.
Decision not to run in 2012.
On October 4, 2011, Christie acknowledged he had in fact reconsidered his decision but then, again, declined to run. It was "for real this time", as one report put it. "Now is not my time", Christie said. "New Jersey, whether you like it or not, you're stuck with me," Christie added in the one-hour Trenton press conference held to announce the decision. On October 11, 2011, Christie endorsed Mitt Romney for president.
The "New York Post" has cited anonymous sources as saying Christie was not willing to give up the governorship to be Mitt Romney's running mate because he had doubts about their ability to win. The Romney campaign was reported to have asked him to resign his governorship if he became the vice-presidential nominee because "pay to play" laws restrict campaign contributions from financial corporation executives to governors running for federal office when the companies do business with the governor's state. A memo from the campaign attributed Romney's decision not to choose Christie as his running mate, in part to unanswered questions during the vetting process regarding a defamation lawsuit following Christie's initial campaign for Morris County Freeholder, a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of Christie's brother, as well as his weight.
Activities related to 2012 presidential election.
Christie gave the keynote address at the Republican National Convention in August 2012. On October 30, 2012, during a press conference to discuss the impact of Hurricane Sandy, Christie praised the disaster relief efforts of President Barack Obama.
Christie stated he still supported Mitt Romney and was opposed to many of Obama's policies, but thought Obama deserved credit for his help in the disaster reliefs in New Jersey. Christie had campaigned with Romney for much of the election, but stated Romney did not ask him to join him in campaigns for the last week before the election, to allow Christie to focus on disaster relief. Christie faced significant backlash before and after the election from conservative Republicans who accused him of acting to bolster his own personal political standing at the expense of Romney and the party.
Health and weight.
Political commentators debated whether Christie's weight would or should affect his viability as a 2012 presidential candidate, either for medical or social reasons. In 2011, columnist Eugene Robinson applied the term "extremely obese" to Christie, citing medical guidelines established by the National Institutes of Health. Christie himself was reportedly concerned about his weight and its implications for his health, while describing himself as relatively healthy overall.
The Obesity Society, a nonprofit scientific group, released a statement asserting, "to suggest that Governor Christie's body weight discounts and discredits his ability to be an effective political candidate is inappropriate, unjust, and wrong." Christie underwent lap-band stomach surgery in February 2013 and disclosed the surgery to the "New York Post" in May of that year.
National role after 2012.
In the aftermath of the election, Christie maintained his national profile and continued to clash with conservatives in his party by strongly criticizing House Speaker John Boehner regarding aid for Hurricane Sandy and then the National Rifle Association for their ad that mentioned President Obama's children. Christie was subsequently not invited to speak at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), which is largely seen as a stepping-stone for Republicans running for President. The CPAC chair explained that Christie was not invited "for decisions that he made", but that "hopefully next year he's back on the right track and being a conservative." On February 3, 2014, CPAC announced on their Facebook account that Governor Christie would be a speaker at the yearly conference.
2016 Presidential nomination.
Some political commentators view Christie as a leading contender for the Republican Presidential nomination in 2016. According to polls conducted after the George Washington Bridge scandal, Christie sustained a substantial erosion in his political standing and his 2016 presidential campaign prospects, and polls show him behind Hillary Clinton in general election polling.
In March 2014, Christie gave a foreign policy speech to the Republican Jewish Coalition also attended by other Republican presidential hopefuls. In it, Christie said that everyone he met in Israel during his visit, wanted America to be an "unblinking, unwavering unquestioning friend" but worried that this was no longer true. He said that he is in the business to win elections and not just arguments, saying "If we want to just have arguments and stand for nothing, we could just form a university." Christie said he was overwhelmed by displays of religious tolerance during his recent trip to Jerusalem and used the term "occupied territories" in reference to lands in dispute. Christie later apologized to Sheldon Adelson for using that term, which is rejected by conservative Zionists who see it as validating Palestinian views.
In an interview on Fox News on March 31, 2014, Christie stated that he is still in "decision-making process" regarding a possible run in 2016, and forwarded the names of Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Paul Ryan as his top three GOP candidate choices.

</doc>
<doc id="5847221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847221" title="Corey Grant">
Corey Grant

Corey Grant (born December 22, 1976 in Stoney Creek, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver who is currently the running backs coach for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Grant played CIS football for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks and was drafted out of university by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats (7th overall) in 1999 and won a Grey Cup championship in his rookie season. He spent time with the Tiger-Cats and the Montreal Alouettes before finally landing in Saskatchewan in 2002, where he won a second Grey Cup in 2007.
He returned to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on June 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847227" title="Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse">
Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse

The Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse is awarded annually to the horse whose performances in Australia over distances between 1401 m and 2199 m are deemed to be the superior to its rivals.
It has been awarded since the 1999 - 2000 season.
Other Australian Thoroughbred Awards.
Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year<br>
Australian Champion Two Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Three Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Sprinter<br>
Australian Champion Stayer<br>
Australian Champion Filly or Mare<br>
Australian Champion International Performer<br>
Australian Champion Jumper<br>
Australian Champion Trainer

</doc>
<doc id="5847229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847229" title="Firestorm (1998 film)">
Firestorm (1998 film)

Firestorm is a 1998 action thriller film directed by Dean Semler, and starring Howie Long, Scott Glenn, William Forsythe and Suzy Amis.
Plot summary.
The plot involves a group of Wyoming State convicts who stage an escape with the help of an arsonist on the outside who set fire in the forest for the prisoners to be taken there to help firemen, giving the prisoners chance to escape. The story begins when Alexander Earl Shaye (William Forsythe), who had stolen 37 million dollars four years previously and hidden it in the Wyoming forest, escapes from prison with five other convicts to retrieve the money. They pose as Canadian firefighters and take Jennifer (Suzy Amis), a bird watcher, hostage along the way.
Jesse Graves (Howie Long) is a smokejumper, who must find a way to stop Shaye and his group of convicts and save Jennifer at the same time. Over the course of the film, Shaye starts to kill off his men in order to collect the money himself, but finds out that the money was destroyed in the fire. Wynt Perkins (Scott Glenn), Jesse's mentor, does everything he can to help Jesse, and to save Jennifer. Jennifer tells Jesse that she was a Marine, before she became a bird watcher. She and Jesse try to give out smoke signals to have his friends find him before two separate forest fires will collide and will suck up all the oxygen.
Wynt tells Jesse he started the forest fire in order for a land developer build a training school for fire fighters, but knew nothing of the prison break. Jesse tells him it wasn't his fault and will keep his crime a secret from his friends. Wynt confronts Shaye by telling him Shaye's lawyers set him up to take the fall. He shoots Shaye in the leg, but is killed in the process. Jesse throws a fire axe into Shaye's chest, causing him to fall off the boat he and Jennifer were in.
Shaye survives his injury and plans on killing Jennifer and Jesse. Jesse gets the upper hand and kills Shaye by shoving his head through a hole under the boat, causing his face to burn till there's nothing left. Heavy rainfall then drowns out the fire and Jesse and Jennifer swim to shore, where they wait to be rescued.
Production.
The film was originally set up at the now defunct Savoy Pictures. When Savoy had the project, the film was going to be more epic in scale, with comprehensive visual and computer effects. Savoy even offered Sylvester Stallone $20 million to star, which he accepted. However, the studio went bust before the film was made. Twentieth Century Fox picked up the script from "turnaround" and fashioned it into a more intimate, smaller budgeted movie as they were looking to only spend $30 million on the picture. Graham Yost was the original scriptwriter but the filmmakers changed his original material so much that he demanded his name be taken off the credits.
Reception.
The film opened to very negative reviews, receiving a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 12%.
Box office.
The film failed at the box office as well; it opened in 7th place with a paltry $3.8 million (behind six films that had all been released at least three weeks earlier) and took in only $8.1 million in the United States during its theatrical run.

</doc>
<doc id="5847230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847230" title="Fidelia Fielding">
Fidelia Fielding

Fidelia Hoscott Fielding (1827–1908) (Mohegan), also known as "Dji'ts Bud dnaca" ("Flying Bird"), was the last native speaker of the Mohegan-Pequot language. Credited with being instrumental in teaching and preserving the language, she was posthumously inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame.
Language work.
Fidelia learned the language from her maternal grandmother Martha Uncas and spoke it with her. As an adult, Fielding kept four diaries in the language, which have been vital to reconstructing Mohegan Pequot and related Algonquian languages. 
She was a "nanu" (respected elder woman) and mentor to Gladys Tantaquidgeon, a Mohegan who became an anthropologist and worked in language and cultural preservation. 
Frank Speck, as an anthropology student at Columbia University, came to Uncasville seeking Fielding. The experience of living with her encouraged Speck's studies of Native American languages and cultures. He based his study of the language on her testimony. After her death, Speck's translations of her diaries were preserved in New York City's National Museum of the American Indian archives.
Personal.
Fidelia Hoscott married William Fielding. She was independent and continued to live in the traditional Mohegan lifestyle, being one of the last in her area to live in a traditional Mohegan wigwam. 
Legacy and honors.
Fielding is one of three American Indians who have been inducted into the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame. She was inducted in 1994 under the category "Education & Preservation". Gladys Tantaquidgeon was also inducted in the Hall.
She was buried at the Ancient Burial Grounds of the Mohegans at Fort Shantok State Park in Montville, Connecticut, with an estimated 1,000 people in attendance on May 24, 1936. 
Linguists from the Mohegan Language Project, including her relative Stephanie Fielding, have begun working with materials compiled and archived by Fielding and Speck in order to reconstruct and revive the Mohegan-Pequot language for new generations.

</doc>
<doc id="5847239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847239" title="M. Travis Lane">
M. Travis Lane

Millicent Travis Lane (née Travis) (born 23 September 1934) is an American-Canadian poet.
She was born in San Antonio, Texas, she holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Vassar College, and Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from Cornell University.
She was married to Lauriat Lane Jr. (d. 2005), Professor Emeritus of English at the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton. The couple emigrated to Canada in 1960 and in 1973 attained Canadian citizenship. They had one daughter, Hannah, and one son, Lauriat Lane III.
Lane lives in Fredericton, New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="5847245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847245" title="Arthur Wilberforce Jose">
Arthur Wilberforce Jose

Arthur Wilberforce Jose (4 September 1863 – 22 January 1934) 
was an English-Australian historian and editor of the Australian Encyclopaedia.
Jose was born at Bristol, South West England, eldest son of William Wilberforce Jose, and his wife Sarah Maria, "née" Woodward. W. W. Jose was chairman of Bristol School Board's technical education committee and a governor of University College, Bristol. Arthur Jose was educated at Clifton College, where he obtained a scholarship which took him to Balliol College, Oxford. About a year later Jose's health broke down and he was sent to Australia in 1882 to recuperate. His father lost his fortune and a return to Oxford became impossible. Jose was offered a clerical position in Sydney but preferred to get Australian experience working in the country as a wood-chopper, cook, and fencing contractor. Jose then went to Hobart and was a tutor in a private family. While in Tasmania he met the Rev. Edwin Bean, headmaster of All Saints' College, Bathurst, New South Wales, who offered him a position as assistant master. He was there for about nine years. 
In 1888, under the pseudonym of "Ishmael Dare", Jose published a volume of poems, "Sun and Cloud on River and Sea", a collection of musical verses. He was appointed acting-professor of modern literature at Sydney University in 1893, and from 1893 to 1899 was organizing secretary of the university extension board. He was a friend of David Scott Mitchell, founder of the Mitchell Library. In September 1899 his "History of Australia" was published which was afterwards several times revised. The tenth edition, published in 1924, brought the number of copies issued up to 60,000. Jose then went to South Africa and for a short period was a war correspondent. Travelling then to London Jose published "The Growth of the Empire" (1901) and in 1902 was appointed professor of English and History at the Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College (MAO College), Aligarh, India. Jose soon returned to London where he became interested in the Imperial Tariff and Tariff Reform League, did some writing for the press, and in 1903 was appointed "The Times" correspondent in Australia. He held this position from 1904 to 1915 and fearlessly endeavored to set out the Australian point of view. His "Two Awheel and Some Others Afoot in Australia" was published in London in 1903 with illustrations by George Washington Lambert.
In 1915 Jose resigned his position with "The Times" and was attached to the intelligence branch of the Royal Australian Navy with the rank of captain. After the war Jose was appointed editor of the Australian Encyclopaedia, the first volume of which appeared in 1925 and the second in 1926. In 1920 he commenced writing the volume on the "Royal Australian Navy" in the Official History of Australia in the War of 1914-1918 which appeared in 1928,
as did also his "Builders and Pioneers of Australia". Jose was in Europe between 1927 and 1932 and did reviewing for the Times Literary Supplement and other publications. His "Australia Human and Economic" appeared in 1932, and in January 1933 he returned to Australia and published "The Romantic Nineties", a volume of essays and reminiscences. Jose died at Brisbane on 22 January 1934 of peritonitis and was buried in Toowong Cemetery, with Anglican rites. He was survived by his wife and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="5847255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847255" title="Philip Davison">
Philip Davison

Philip Davison is an Irish novelist, screenwriter and playwright. He was born in 1957 in Dublin, Ireland. He is perhaps best known for his series of spy novels which follow Harry Fielding's activities as an understrapper for the MI5.
Film and drama.
Philip Davison's play, "The Invisible Mending Company" (Dublin, The Abbey Theatre, Peacock Stage) was first produced in 1996. 
He has co-scripted the film dramas "Exposure" and "Criminal Conversation". 
"Crooked Man" was made into a TV drama in 2003.
His radio plays include "Being Perfect" (2004); "The Duke" (2004); "Lennon’s Guitar" (2005); and "The Fishmonger" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="5847256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847256" title="Kamieńsk">
Kamieńsk

Kamieńsk is a town in Poland, in Łódź Voivodeship, in Radomsko County. It has 2,832 inhabitants (2004).
There is an airport named Kamieńsk-Orla Góra in Kamieńsk mainly used for agricultural purposes. Soccer player Jacek Krzynówek was born in Kamieńsk.
The town was first mentioned in historical documents from 1291. It received its city charter in 1374. It lost its city status in 1870, then regained it in 1994. Throughout its history the town was also called Kamińsko, Canisko, Camiesko and Kamińsk. The present form of the name is in use since 1918.
Jewish Presence.
Before the Second World War and the Holocaust the town was a shtetl.
Jews began to settle in Kamieńsk in the 18th Century. The oldest Jewish tombstone in the Kamieńsk cemetery is from 1831. In the 1870s the town selected Israel Stieglitz as its rabbinic leader. He served as its chief rabbi for over 40 years and died in 1921. His son, Pinchas Stieglitz, was selected as his successor and served in that capacity for a short time. There were three synagogues in the city. In the year 1900, there were 1,064 Christians and 787 Jews in Kamieńsk. By the year 1917 the Jewish population had reached 1,163. The principle occupations of the Jewish people were tailoring, shoe-making and small trade. Pinchas Stieglitz and most of his family perished in the Holocaust.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5847259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847259" title="Balvi District">
Balvi District

Balvi District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east. It was organized into two cities and nineteen parishes, each with a local government authority. The main city in the district is Balvi. 
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847302" title="Outline of algebraic structures">
Outline of algebraic structures

In mathematics, there are many types of algebraic structures which are studied. Abstract algebra is primarily the study of specific algebraic structures and their properties. Algebraic structures may be viewed in different ways, however the common starting point of algebra texts is that an algebraic object incorporates one or more sets with one or more binary operations or unary operations satisfying a collection of axioms.
Another branch of mathematics known as universal algebra studies algebraic structures in general. From the universal algebra viewpoint, most structures can be divided into varieties and quasivarieties depending on the axioms used. Some axiomatic formal systems that are neither varieties nor quasivarieties, called "nonvarieties", are sometimes included among the algebraic structures by tradition.
Concrete examples of each structure will be found in the linked Wikipedia article.
Algebraic structures are so numerous today that this article will inevitably be incomplete. In addition to this, there are sometimes multiple names for the same structure, and sometimes one name will be defined by disagreeing axioms by different authors. Most structures appearing on this page will be common ones which most authors agree on. Other web lists of algebraic structures, organized more or less alphabetically, include Jipsen and PlanetMath. These lists mention many structures not included below, and may present more information about some structures than is presented here. 
Study of algebraic structures.
Algebraic structures appear in most branches of mathematics, and students can encounter them in many different ways.
Types of algebraic structures.
In full generality, an algebraic structure may use any number of sets and any number of axioms in its definition. The most commonly studied structures, however, usually involve only one or two sets and one or two binary operations. The structures below are organized by how many sets are involved, and how many binary operations are used. Increased indentation is meant to indicated a more exotic structure, and the least indented levels are the most basic.
One binary operation on one set.
The following structures consist of a set with a binary operation. The most common structure is that of a "group". Other structures involve weakening or strengthening the axioms for groups, and may additionally use unary operations.
Two binary operations on one set.
The main types of structures with one set having two binary operations are "rings" and "lattices". The axioms defining many of the other structures are modifications of the axioms for rings and lattices. One major difference between rings and lattices is that their two operations are related to each other in different ways. In ring-like structures, the two operations are linked by the distributive law; in lattice-like structures, the operations are linked by the absorption law.
Two binary operations and two sets.
The following structures have the common feature of having two sets, "A" and "B", so that there is a binary operation from "A"×"A" into "A" and another operation from "A"×"B" into "A". 
Three binary operations and two sets.
Many structures here are actually hybrid structures of the previously mentioned ones.
Algebraic structures with additional non-algebraic structure.
There are many examples of mathematical structures where algebraic structure exists alongside non-algebraic structure.
Algebraic structures in different disciplines.
Some algebraic structures find uses in disciplines outside of abstract algebra. The following is meant to demonstrate some specific applications in other fields.
In Physics:
In Mathematical logic:
In Computer science:
References.
A monograph available free online:

</doc>
<doc id="5847309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847309" title="Florida mangroves">
Florida mangroves

The Florida mangroves ecoregion, of the Mangrove forest Biome, comprise an ecosystem along the coasts of the Florida peninsula, and the Florida Keys.
Florida's Mangrove species.
The Florida mangroves ecoregion includes three mangrove species:
Red mangroves are characterized by a dendritic network of aerial prop roots extending into the soil. This allows them to live in anaerobic conditions by providing gas exchange. They obtain 82–125 feet in height in deltas and 26–33 feet along shoreline.The bark is gray on the outside with a red interior. These trees also have small white flowers that are wind pollinated with 10-12 inch long pencil shaped seeds.
Black mangrove trees grow to a heights of 133 feet and average 66 feet. They are characterized by vertically erect aerating branches (pneumatophores) extending up to 20 cm above the soil. The bark is dark and scaly and the upper surface of the leaves is often covered with salt excreted by the plant. This tree has white flowers that are bilaterally symmetrical and pollinated by Hymenoptera and is the source of mangrove honey. The seed is a shaped and sized similar to a lima bean when germinated. Younger black mangrove trees are shade intolerant but become more shade tolerant as they mature.
White mangrove trees grow to 45 feet in height and up and tend to have a more erect form than the other species. Thy have erect, blunt-tipped pneumatophores that are used if they are growing in anaerobic conditions. The bark is white, relatively smooth and the leaves are oval shaped and flattened. Small yellowish flowers are located on the terminal ends of the branches. These may germinate into football shaped propagules. However this may not occur if they are in the northern part of their range.
Buttonwoods grow 39–46 feet but do not produce a true propagule in Florida. Tiny brownish flowers are located at the terminal ends of the branches forming a seed cluster known as the button. These trees are able to grow in areas seldom inundated by tidal water. Two glands are located at the apex of the petiole (leaf stalk) and excrete excess salts and extra floral nectar.
Zonation.
All three mangrove species flower in the spring and early summer. Propagules fall from late summer through early autumn. These plants have differing adaptions to conditions along coasts, and are generally found in partially overlapping bands or zones, roughly parallel to the shoreline. The Red mangrove grows closest to open water. It has multiple prop roots, which may help to stabilize the soil around its roots. Further inland is the Black mangrove lacking prop roots, but does have pneumatophores, which grow up from the roots to above the water level. The White mangrove grows further inland. It may have prop roots and/or pneumatophores, depending on conditions where it is growing. The Buttonwood grows in shallow, brackish water, Florida swamps, or on dry land (the furthest inland).
Reproductive Strategy.
Mangroves have a very unique reproductive strategy for a plant. Like mammals they are viviparious, or "bringing forth live young".
Instead of dormant seeds, they produce propagules that have embryonic development while still attached to the tree and only release at the appropriate time into water. Once released from tree they require various dispersal times or an "obligate dispersal periods" (5–40 days depending upon the species) where the embryonic development continues. Once favorable a favorable site is found there is a “obligate stranding period” before tree emerges and begins to grow.
Distribution.
Florida mangrove plant communities covered an estimated 430,000 to 540,000 acres (1,700 to 2,200 km²) in Florida in 1981. Ninety percent of the Florida mangroves are in southern Florida, in Collier, Lee, Miami-Dade and Monroe Counties.
Approximately 280,000 acres (1,100 km²) of mangrove forests are in the hands of the Federal, State and local governments, and of private, non-profit organizations. Most of those acres are in Everglades National Park. Mangroves cover a wide band all along the southern end of the Florida peninsula facing on Florida Bay, from Key Largo across to close to Flamingo, then inland behind the beaches and marl prairies of Cape Sable and all around Whitewater Bay. From Whitewater Bay, a broad band of mangroves extends up the Gulf coast to Marco Island, including the Ten Thousand Islands.
Mangroves also extend throughout the Florida Keys, although coverage has been reduced due to development. Florida Bay is dotted with small islands, which are often no more than mud flats or shoals more or less covered by mangroves. Biscayne Bay also has extensive mangroves, but the northern part of the Bay has been largely cleared of mangroves to make way for urban development. Mangrove coverage is limited elsewhere, with the largest areas in the Indian River Lagoon on the east coast, and the Caloosahatchee River, Pine Island Sound and Charlotte Harbor estuaries and Tampa Bay on the west coast.
Preferred Climate.
Mangroves are tropical plants, killed by freezing temperatures. These trees can range about halfway up the coast of the Florida peninsula due to mild winter climate and the moderating effect of the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico on the west coast and the Gulf Stream and Atlantic Ocean on the east coast. The Florida Mangrove community is found as far north as Cedar Key on the Gulf coast of Florida, and as far north as the Ponce de Leon Inlet on the Atlantic coast of Florida. Black Mangroves can regrow from roots after being killed back by a freeze, and are found by themselves a little further north, to Jacksonville on the east coast and along the Florida Panhandle on the Gulf coast. Most of Florida is sub-tropical, making it not ideal for mangroves, so the trees tend to be shorter and the leaves smaller in northern and central Florida than in tropical regions. In deep south Florida and the Florida Keys, the tropical climates allows mangroves to grow larger due to being frost free.
Habitat destruction.
Human activity has impacted the mangrove ecoregion in Florida. While the coverage of mangroves at the end of the 20th century is estimated to have decreased only 5% from a century earlier, some localities have seen severe reductions. The Lake Worth Lagoon lost 87% of its mangroves in the second half of the 20th century, leaving a remnant of just 276 acres (1.12 km²). Tampa Bay, home to the busy Port of Tampa, lost over 44% of its wetlands, including mangroves and salt marshes, during the 20th century. Three-quarters of the wetlands along the Indian River Lagoon, including mangroves, were impounded for mosquito control during the 20th century. As of 2001, natural water flow was being restored to some of the wetlands.
Associated Fauna and Flora.
Fish.
The Florida mangrove system is an important habitat for many species. It provides nursery grounds for young fish, crustaceans and mollusks, and for sport and commercial purposes. Many fish feed in the mangrove forests, including snook ("Centropomus undecimalis"), Gray or Mangrove snapper ("Lutjanus griseus"), Schoolmaster snapper ("Lutjanus apodus"), tarpon, jack, sheepshead, red drum, Hardhead Silverside ("Atherinomorus stipes"), juvenile Blue Angelfish ("Holocanthus bermudensis"), juvenile Porkfish ("Anisotremus virginicus"), Lined Seahorse ("Hippocampus erectus"), Great Barracuda ("Sphryaena barracuda"), Scrawled Cowfish ("Lactophrys quadricornis") and Permit ("Trachinotus falcatus"), as well as shrimp and clams. An estimated 75% of the game fish and 90% of the commercial fish species in south Florida depend on the mangrove system.
Birds.
The branches of mangroves serve as roosts and rookeries for coastal and wading birds, such as the brown pelican ("Oelicanus occidentalis"), roseate spoonbill ("Ajajia ajaia"), Frigatebird ("Fregata magnificans"), Double-crested cormorant ("Phalacrocorax carbo"), Belted Kingfisher ("Megaceryle alcyon"), Brown Noddy ("Anous stolidus"), Great White Heron and Wurdemann's Heron, color phases of the Great Blue Heron ("Adrea herodias"), Osprey ("Pandion haliaetus"), Snowy Egret ("Egretta thula"), Green Heron ("Butorides striatus"), Reddish Egret ("Dichromanassa rufescens") and Greater Yellowlegs ("Tringa melanoleuca").
Endangered Species.
Florida mangroves are also home to the following endangered species:
Other fauna.
Above the water mangroves also shelter and support snails, crabs, and spiders. Below the water's surface, often encrusted on the mangrove roots, are sponges, anemones, corals, oysters, tunicates, mussels, starfish, crabs, and Florida Spiny Lobster ("Panulirus argus").
Flora.
The mangrove branches and trunks support various Epiphytes, such as Bromeliads. Those of the genus "Tillandsia" found in them include Spanish moss, and Reindeer lichen. Below the water, spaces protected by splayed mangrove roots can shelter seagrasses.
Effects of Climate Change.
Climate change is a complex issue with numerous variables. Even when predicting the severity (such as how much global temperatures will increase) scientists often disagree and cannot come to a consensus. The effects of climate change to a particular species is even more difficult to discern. Despite the intricacy, scientists have formulated several hypotheses of the effects of climate change to the mangroves of southern Florida. The overall hypothesis is that mangroves are vulnerable to climate change, which will affect this ecosystem via three main mechanisms: sea level rise, decreased cold weather events, and increased storm severity. A rise in sea level is expected to affect the range of mangroves, the decrease in cold weather events will allow the range of mangroves to shift further north, and the increase in the severity of storms is anticipated to change the species composition and morphology of the mangroves.
Sea Level Rise.
Between 1870 and 2004, the current sea level rise has been approximately 8 inches total, or 1.46 mm/yr. and studies show that mangroves in southern Florida expanded their territories 3.3 km inland since the 1940’s. However, this expansion inland is often at the expense of freshwater marsh/swamp habitats. As climate change continues, this could potentially negatively affect wildlife resources that depend upon freshwater habitats over mangrove habitats, such as the Everglades. The figure at the right shows projections of mangrove distributions under low(15 cm), moderate(45 cm), and severe(95 cm) sea rise scenarios by the year 2100. The IPCC Fifth Assessment Report which was finalized in 2014 is now predicting 52–98 cm sea level rise by 2100. In addition, this report has often been criticized as underestimating the severity of climate change making it even more likely for for the moderate(45 cm) or severe(95 cm) sea rise scenarios to occur. Despite the fact mangroves are currently keeping pace with sea level rise, at rates greater than 2.3mm/yr there is potential for mangrove ecosystem failure. A failure that is perhaps inevitable for mangroves inhabiting low lying islands that will be inundated. Sea level rise is expected to accelerate in the future and there is some indication already of this beginning to occur. However, there are examples from the past in which mangroves have both collapsed and survived at rates greater than 2.3mm/yr. Mangroves that are on continental coasts instead of low lying islands experience reduced vulnerability and have greater opportunities to occupy new habitat.
Temperature Shifts.
Southern Florida's mangroves are a tropical species that are limited to the tip of the Florida peninsula and the Florida Keys due to a climate preference. The upper portion of Florida falls into a sub-tropical climate hindering mangrove growth there due to cold weather events such as freezing. Twenty-eight years of satellite imagery has shown that mangroves have shifted their range northward in Florida in response to less harsh winters and less frequent cold events. This is an issue apart from sea level rise which will cause mangroves to move inland even though both are caused by climate change.
Increased Storm Severity.
With climate change hurricanes in southern Florida are projected to become more severe causing mangrove populations to be shorter, of smaller diameter, and contain a higher proportion of red mangrove species. Mangroves could be further threatened by storms if the return time of major storms exceeds reestablishment. In addition, mangroves have been shown to reduce the flow pressure of water surges associated with tsunamis, hurricanes, etc. and by doing so protect coastlines. The loss of mangroves could therefore be detrimental to coastal communities exposed to increased storm surges.
Ways to Promote Resilience.
Due to the potential for the acceleration of sea level rise and increased storm severity in the future due to climate change, mangroves of southern Florida may be in jeopardy. This has implications not only for mangroves forests but also the freshwater habitats they encroach upon and the people and animals that depend upon both these ecosystem resources and protection. While there is little local managers can do to prevent large scale changes such as sea rise and increased storm severity, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature and The Nature Conservancy there are ten strategies land managers can do to increase viability and promote resilience.
These are: 

</doc>
<doc id="5847310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847310" title="Nova Scotia Route 289">
Nova Scotia Route 289

Route 289 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the northern and central part of the province, connecting Melmerby Beach Provincial Park in Kings Head with Route 236 near Green Oaks.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5847311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847311" title="Australian Champion Stayer">
Australian Champion Stayer

The Australian Champion Stayer is awarded annually to the Thoroughbred horse whose performances in Australia over distances of 2,200 metres (approximately 11 furlongs) and greater are deemed to be the superior to its rivals.
It has been awarded since the 1999 - 2000 season. Apart from that first award, the Melbourne Cup winner has always won the award.
Other Australian Thoroughbred Awards.
Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year<br>
Australian Champion Two Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Three Year Old<br>
Australian Champion Sprinter<br>
Australian Champion Middle Distance Racehorse<br>
Australian Champion Filly or Mare<br>
Australian Champion International Performer<br>
Australian Champion Jumper<br>
Australian Champion Trainer

</doc>
<doc id="5847313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847313" title="Ttyrec">
Ttyrec

ttyrec is a program and/or its file format capable of recording the TTY output of a text-mode program together with timestamps and then replaying it.
It is widely used for example in the NetHack community for storing game replays.
It is similar to the script command, but also allows for pausing, slowing down or speeding up playback. It can also stream the recording on the network and be used to transfer files with uudecode.
Technical file format specification.
Each chunk consists of a header using 32bit little-endian numbers:
and the actual payload written as text with vt100 control codes.
The format doesn't contain any information about the character set used nor about the terminal size needed to play back the file. termrec will inject this information as "\e"[G or "\e"[@ for Unicodeness and as "\e"[8;"Y";"X"t for size, but this is a hack outside of the format specification, not guaranteed to work on all terminals.

</doc>
<doc id="5847337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847337" title="Dobele District">
Dobele District

Dobele District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Courland and Semigallia regions, in the country's centre. It was organized into two cities, a municipality and fifteen parishes, each with a local government authority. The main city in the district was Dobele.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847346" title="Jannis Kallinikos">
Jannis Kallinikos

Jannis Kallinikos (born 1954, ) is an organization and communication scholar and intellectual. He was born in the town of Preveza, western Greece. He is also a citizen of Sweden. Kallinikos is currently a professor in the Information Systems and Innovation Group, Department of Management at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). His scholarly projects have over the years covered several themes ranging from the significance writing and notation has assumed in the making of modern organizations through the understanding of markets as semiotic systems to the study of bureaucracy and institutions. His concerns have recently shifted to the investigation of the conditions associated with the penetration of the social and economic fabric by technological information. Kallinikos calls this emerging socio-economic environment, marked by the ubiquitous presence of the Internet, information-based services and software-mediated culture, "the habitat of information". The term indicates that the growing involvement of information in society, economy and culture is associated with important changes in the ways institutions operate as well as shifts in behavioural, cognitive and communicative habits.
Education.
Kallinikos completed his undergraduate studies in the Athens University of Economics and Business in 1977 and moved to Sweden for postgraduate studies at the Department of Business Studies at Uppsala University. After completing his MSc in 1979 Kallinikos pursued doctoral studies and was awarded his PhD in 1985 from the same department.
Academic career.
In 2001, Kallinikos joined the Department of Information Systems at LSE when Claudio Ciborra was in charge of it. The department merged in 2006 with three other departments into a newly founded Department of Management. Kallinikos has been a visiting professor at various universities, including the University of Bologna, Uppsala University, Växjö University, Umeå University, University of Macedonia, Greece, Stanford University and the European Institute of Advanced Studies in Brussels. LSE promoted him to full professor in 2007. Kallinikos served as member of the LSE Research Committee (2003–2008) research chair of the Information systems and Innovation group (2005–2008) and director of the MSc Programme in Information Systems and Organizations Research (ISOR) (2006–2008).
Research area.
Kallinikos’s research comprises the study of formal organizations with specific emphasis on the range of objectified techniques and methods by which organizations are constructed as particular social entities and rendered predictable and durable. The study of information, information technology and information systems forms part of that intellectual project. According to Kallinikos, the proliferation of digital means of information processing and transmission, and the growing involvement of the Internet in social life are altering the socio-economic environment in which organizations and institutions are embedded.
Over the last years Kallinikos has worked on the idea of "the information habitat" to capture how increasingly abstract and disembedded data processing and calculation restructure organizations and institutions. He sees information technologies as electronic successors to writing, notation and paper-based means of dealing with information. In this new setting underpinned to a great extent by the internet, information is increasingly generated out of existing information through a variety of automated and autonomic procedures afforded by interconnected information systems and computer technology. In order to study the habitat of information, Kallinikos has formed The Information Growth And Internet Research Group (TIGAIR).
In his recent research, he further elaborated on his framework of Information Growth and Information Habitat by focusing on the ephemeral and amorphous nature of digital objects (e.g. software applications, hypertext documents, computer games, etc.) which differ from material, physical objects in non-trivial ways. At the core of his Theory of Digital Objects lies the argument that digital objects are to be seen as computational operations. Digital objects are objects only in a euphemistic sense. With this argument, Kallinikos has become a strong advocate for a small but growing community of social scientists, such as Jochen Runde and Philip Faulkner from the University of Cambridge,UK, or Paul Leonardi from Northwestern University, Illinois) who share a common interest in the research on ICT enabled, digital and immaterial objects and their ontological modes of existence in various institutional fields and organizations.
Kallinikos’s overall outlook is constructivist in the sense of focusing on the semiotic and communicative means by which social reality is fashioned and made durable. However, drawing upon scholars such as Shoshana Zuboff, Nelson Goodman, Niklas Luhmann and Albert Borgmann, Kallinikos has sought to distance himself from popular constructivist approaches and their focus on local settings. He has claimed in several of his works that information and communication technologies mediate a coherent set of principles for framing and acting upon reality. The social and behavioural implications of such principles transcend the human-technology interface and cannot be sufficiently studied as an instance of local adaptation and interpretation of technological systems and artifacts by willful agents.
Selected publications.
Kallinikos has published numerous monographs, peer-reviewed articles, book chapters, reviews, and edited several books. A representative picture of Kallinikos’s thinking can be found in:
Other key publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="5847365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847365" title="Andrew Culver (composer)">
Andrew Culver (composer)

Andrew Culver (born August 30, 1953) is a composer whose works have included chamber and orchestral music, electronic and computer music, sound sculpture and music sculpture, film, lighting, text pieces, and installations. He performs concerts with sound sources of his own invention that are based on the tensegrity structural principle as elaborated by Buckminster Fuller, a lifelong influence. 
Culver worked for 11 years with John Cage, helping to realize his compositional and poetic works and direct his operas and installations.
Culver's largest work is "Ocean 1—133" (1994, 2006), the orchestral component of "Ocean", which was conceived by John Cage and Merce Cunningham, with choreography by Merce Cunningham, electronic music by David Tudor, and design by Marsha Skinner.
Culver develops databases and software to realize his work and to make chance operations accessible to others. ic is his computer simulation of the I Ching coin-tossing oracle.
Culver also writes about music, art, and anarchy. He is the founder of Anarchic Harmony Foundation and the inventor of the Anarchic Philharmonic.

</doc>
<doc id="5847368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847368" title="John Joseph Martin">
John Joseph Martin

John Joseph Martin (October 19,1922 - August 7, 1997 ) was educated as a mechanical engineer, receiving a Ph. D. from Purdue University in 1951. He joined North American Aviation in 1951 and moved to the Bendix Corporation in 1953. In 1960, he joined the Institute for Defense Analyses. While on sabbatical at the Royal Aircraft Establishment in Farnborough, Hampshire, Martin wrote "Atmospheric Entry". This book became the first and arguably the best in the open literature about designing reentry vehicles. Sir Michael James Lighthill, who was Martin's host at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, wrote the foreword to Martin's book. In 1969, Martin served as a science advisor to the US President. During 1973-1974 Martin served as an Associate Deputy Director at the Central Intelligence Agency and later as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the US Air Force. In 1984, Martin became an Associate Administrator at NASA.

</doc>
<doc id="5847385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847385" title="Beverly Park, Los Angeles">
Beverly Park, Los Angeles

Beverly Park, divided into North Beverly Park and South Beverly Park, is a private gated community in the hills above Los Angeles, California. This wealthy neighborhood is known for its concentration of exceptionally large houses, up to , and for its famous residents. The communities carry a Beverly Hills Post Office address (90210 ZIP Code), but are located within the city of Los Angeles. The neighborhood is located between Mulholland Drive and Sunset Boulevard and Coldwater Canyon Drive and Beverly Glen Boulevard, east of the Beverly Glen neighborhood.
North Beverly Park, with a main entrance at 13100 Mulholland Drive, is the larger 64-home section and has the largest homes; South Beverly Park consists of 16 homes.
History.
Established in 1990, the 250-acre (100 ha) community was built by Los Angeles developers Elliot Gottfurcht and Brian Adler using land that was originally intended to be a golf course named after Dean Martin. Alder used the concept of having guards and gates to distinguish the neighborhood from the other top Westside neighborhoods, Beverly Hills, Holmby Hills, and Bel-Air. It originally contained 64 two-acre (0.8 ha) lots, a 4-acre (1.6 ha) landscaped park, and over 100 acres (40 ha) of open space; a number of adjacent lots have been purchased and combined for larger estates. The vacant lots originally sold for US$500,000 to $4.5 million each, but the prices have since increased substantially.
The neighborhood residents abide by a 70-page homeowners' covenant that includes a minimum building size: "No dwelling shall be constructed or maintained on any residential lot which has a floor area less than 5,000 square feet (464 m²)." The price of a complete house starts at approximately $10 million for the smaller houses and can exceed $30 million for the largest houses. As of June 5, 2012, there are no houses for sale publicly in Beverly Park. However, there may be properties for sale in the community that are privately listed, also known as pocket listings in the real estate community. The highest known sale price in Beverly Park occurred in September 2008, when construction tycoon Ron Tutor paid approximately $32.2 million for an unfinished 27,000-square-foot home in North Beverly Park. The second-highest sale occurred in April 2009, when a Ukrainian buyer paid $31.5 million for another 27,000-square-foot home in North Beverly Park.
As of June 2012, there are a total of 71 estates in both North and South Beverly Park and an additional two lots on which construction has yet to begin. According to property records, the smallest home in the community is 28 Beverly Park Terrace, which spans 7,631 square feet. The largest home is 41 Beverly Park Circle, which spans 28,887 square feet and also includes a 4,873-square-foot guesthouse.
At least three residents of Beverly Park own more than one estate in the community. One of these is fashion designer Bruce Makowsky, who owns three separate estates that he purchased for a total in excess of $53 million. 
In May 2008, residents of South Beverly Park sued the North Beverly Park Homeowners Association over access to the north's two gates at Mulholland Drive after access was restricted in 2007. Residents of South Beverly Park could use the gate, but their contractors, nannies, and gardeners were forced to use the south's gates, which, due to the remoteness of the neighborhood, could require a detour of up to seven miles (11 km). The dispute arose in March 2006 when the north's Homeowners Association sent the south's homeowners a letter demanding that they "pay their fair share of costs we north association are incurring for maintenance of the roads, gates, and security" for an amount specified at $121,000 a year. The south's residents rejected the demand, and a series of legal correspondence followed that resulted in the north's raising the amount it sought to $128,000. In May 2007, the north informed the south neighbors that their relatives, "staff, vendors, and guests" would no longer be allowed to enter the north's gates at Summitridge and Mulholland Drives. On January 13, 2009, Judge Norman P. Tarle ruled in favor of the South Beverly Park Homeowners Association, giving them the right to regain full use of the northern gates and their friends, guests, vendors, and staff would no longer have to take the seven-mile detour. The North Beverly Park HOA later filed an appeal to the decision, but the judgment was affirmed.
After their lawsuit was won, the South Beverly Park residents were awarded a post-judgment order by the court system, entitling them to compensation from the North's Homeowners' Association for attorney fees and costs totalling $826,926.13. The North Beverly Park HOA filed an appeal to this post-judgment order as well, but again lost when the judgment was affirmed in late 2011. This finally ended a nearly five-year legal battle, with the north losing every round.
Security and crime.
Due to the community's high-profile residents and multi-million dollar estates, the neighborhood is equipped with the latest in security technology, including three 24/7 guard-gated entrances and numerous security cameras. Through the Homeowners' Associations, residents also pay for the area to be constantly patrolled by armed guards. HOA fees per residence run $2,050 per month in South Beverly Park and $2,200 per month in North Beverly Park. In addition to this, many residents hire their own private security teams to protect their personal property. A selling point of the homes in Beverly Park is the extremely high level of security. 
Despite these precautions, there have been rare but occasional instances of crime. In February 2007, the Beverly Park home of Tim McGraw and Faith Hill was burglarized. Police stated that the method of entry was believed to be a broken window and an unspecified amount of money was missing. In February 2010, resident Lisa Vanderpump's $200K Bentley was stolen from her driveway during the night and driven off a nearby cliff. Former residents Robert and Jeannette Bisno claimed that their gardens had been toilet-papered, trampled, and strewn with debris in 2004, though there was speculation this may have been the doing of another resident(s), as the Bisnos were involved in a dispute with their Homeowners' Association over a sculpture at the time. 
In June 2012, the mansion at 50 Beverly Park Way (currently owned by Russian-Armenian businessman Albert Avdolyan) caught fire, requiring over 100 firefighters to contain the blaze and causing more than $1 million in damages. According to an LAFD spokesman, the fire was not arson and was accidentally started by a construction crew who were waterproofing the home at the time.
Residents.
Because of its seclusion and security, the neighborhood is popular among wealthy celebrities and business executives. The residents of Beverly Park have included:

</doc>
<doc id="5847395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847395" title="Lisa Stevens">
Lisa Stevens

Lisa Stevens is an American editor, CEO of Paizo Publishing, and COO of Goblinworks.
Education.
Stevens attended Saint Olaf College, where she met game designers Jonathan Tweet and Mark Rein-Hagen. Stevens received an MBA from the University of Washington. After graduating, she continued to hang out on campus running "Dungeons & Dragons" games.
Career.
Stevens joined Tweet and Rein-Hagen in the game company Lion Rampant, which published Ars Magica in 1987. Lion Rampant was a volunteer organization, and Stevens's editorial experience was needed at the company. After Stevens pitched the idea to Rein-Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Lion Rampant merged with White Wolf in 1990. While on the road to GenCon 23 in 1990 with Stevens and Wieck, Rein-Hagen envisioned ', which the new company published in 1991. After meeting Rich Kaalaas of Wizards of the Coast at a GTS convention in March 1991 and then GenCon 25, Stevens left White Wolf that same year to join Wizards, becoming that company's first full-time employee. She was a vice president for Wizards when they published ' in 1993, and she launched "The Duelist" to support it. Having worked on the game while at Lion Rampant, she advised Wizards to acquire "Ars Magica", which they did in 1994. After Wizards purchased TSR, Stevens became the Brand Manager for the RPGA and Greyhawk.
She is also an expert on Star Wars collectibles, and was the brand manager for Wizards' "Star Wars" role-playing game.
Stevens left Wizards of the Coast in 2000, and made it known that she wanted to acquire the rights to Wizards' magazines if they ever became available. In May 2002, she formed Paizo Publishing, and is the CEO of the company. When Wizards' entire magazine department was cut in 2002, "Dragon", "Dungeon", and "Star Wars Insider" magazines were all licensed to Paizo.

</doc>
<doc id="5847404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847404" title="Bernard Etkin">
Bernard Etkin

Bernard Etkin, (May 7, 1918–June 26, 2014) was a Canadian academic and one of the world's recognized authorities on aircraft guidance and control.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Etkin was a graduate of the University of Toronto and was Dean of the Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering at the university in the 1970s. Most recently, he was a Professor Emeritus at the University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies.
Bernard was a member of the team at the University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies, which had been contracted to build the lunar-landing module for Apollo 13. When the service modulde became crippled, they performed initial calculations needed for the astronauts safe return.
Etkin's treatment of six degree of freedom (6-DoF) theory in "Dynamics of Atmospheric Flight" was unusual in being sufficiently general that it touched upon hypersonic flight and was usable in simulating Atmospheric reentry.
In 1970, he was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada. In 1980 Etkin received the Thomas W. Eadie Medal from the Royal Society of Canada. He was named to the Order of Canada as a Member in 2003 for his contributions to the aerospace industry in Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="5847411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847411" title="The Muses Are Heard">
The Muses Are Heard

The Muses Are Heard is an early journalistic work of Truman Capote. Originally published in "The New Yorker", it is a narrative account of the cultural mission by The Everyman's Opera to the U.S.S.R. in the mid-1950s.
Capote was sent to accompany the Opera as it staged a production of "Porgy and Bess". First published in two parts, it was later released as a short non-fiction book. The book's title comes from a speech given by one of the Soviet cultural ministry staff, who declared, “When the cannons are heard, the muses are silent. When the cannons are silent, the muses are heard.”
Narrative.
The book opens with the cast, directors, support personnel and Mrs. Ira Gershwin waiting in West Berlin for their visas to be returned by the Russian Embassy. They are briefed by U.S. Embassy Staff, and among other questions, ask if they will be under surveillance, presumably by the K.G.B., during their visit. They also consider political issues and how to answer sensitive questions, especially those about the “Negro situation” - also whether it is safe to drink the water: the company includes several children. Capote, who is present in the narrative, returns to his hotel room to find a brown paper parcel of anti-Communist pamphlets.
After a train ride of several days (the first two without a dining car), the cast and crew arrive in Leningrad a few days before Christmas and are dispatched to a hotel, the Astoria, which boasts, as Capote writes, “a trio of restaurants, each leading into the other, cavernous affairs cheerful as airplane hangars.” The guest rooms are small, over-heated, and over-furnished with “a miasma of romantic marble statuary.” Capote claims that these rooms have been assigned according to each cast member's payroll status. According to Bolshevik logic, claims Capote, the less you make, the better the accommodations.
Predictably, the production of "Porgy and Bess" runs into a few snags. Programs are not printed in time for Opening Night. After the show, the directors cannot quite determine the Russian audience's response, beyond their appreciation for certain musical numbers and their disapproval of the opera's sexual themes.
Literary significance and reception.
It was hoped that Capote would paint the whole enterprise with a rosy brush, but instead, he highlights the culture shock, juxtapositions and humor wherever possible. He unapologetically describes the tawdry stores in Leningrad and denizens of the local working class bar. In true Capote fashion, he chooses the exact detail to set the scene: a cast member's jive talk, the crunchy pillow in the train berth smelling of hay, meals of yogurt and raspberry soda, when some had hoped for caviar, the wardrobe lady updating the only available American flag with three new stars.
While the cultural differences are so obvious, Capote does manage to show the East and West coming together at various times. The cast and crew are truly touched when the cultural ministry sets up a Christmas tree in the hotel lobby. The atmosphere warms up even more when the cast members commandeer a restaurant band's instruments and play a jumping “Sunny Side of the Street". Beyond the music, the two sides have one more thing in common; as a Norwegian businessman observes, they truly yearn for the love and approval of the rest of the world.
Capote's biographer Gerald Clarke states that "The Muses are Heard" was considered 'mischievous' when it appeared in print; for example, Capote puts into the mouth of another person (Priscilla Johnson) his own opinion of the troupe ('They're such a second-rate company'); his cameos of some of the cast, the entourage, and the Russian Ministry Staff verge on the grotesque. Clarke also reveals that several of the incidents in the story, including the encounter with the Norwegian businessmen, were entirely invented by Capote. This may have been a narrative device used by Capote to intrude his own opinions. John Steinbeck states that he used this 'third party' method in the journalism collected in his Once There Was A War.

</doc>
<doc id="5847418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847418" title="Jodi Shilling">
Jodi Shilling

Jodi Shilling (born February 4, 1979 in California) is an American actress who is currently best known for her recurring role as "Tiffany" on the Disney Channel Original Series "That's So Raven".

</doc>
<doc id="5847437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847437" title="Ventspils District">
Ventspils District

The Ventspils District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Courland region, in the country's west.
The district consisted of eleven parishes and one rural territory.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847447" title="King Philip IV">
King Philip IV

King Philip IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5847452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847452" title="Maggie Moore">
Maggie Moore

Maggie Moore (10 April 1851 - March 15, 1926) was an American-Australian actress born as Margaret Virginia Sullivan. She met and married producer J. C. Williamson in the U.S. and became popular as an actress in their production of "Struck Oil", which premiered in 1873 and was revived many times. Soon after their marriage, they took the play on a tour of Australia. It was such a success that they stayed there, where he founded the most successful theatrical company in Australia, and she became a leading actress.
Moore was also successful in Williamson's Gilbert and Sullivan operas, other operetta productions, and other stage pieces. She continued a busy acting career in Australia and on tour worldwide, ending her marriage with Williamson and later marrying actor Henry ("Harry") R. Roberts. She finally retired in 1925 and moved to San Francisco.
Life and career.
Sullivan was born at San Francisco, U.S.A., in 1851, and began her theatrical career at an early age. She established a local reputation, and having married J. C. Williamson came with him to Australia in 1874. They opened in Melbourne on 1 August in "Struck Oil" and were immediately successful. Some weeks later they went to Sydney and, after touring Australia, to India. In 1876 "Struck Oil" played for 100 nights at the Adelphi Theatre, London, and was followed for a similar period by "Arrah-na-Pogue", with Williamson as Shaun and his wife as Arrah. Other appearances were made in the provinces, and a successful visit was then paid to the United States.
In 1879 they were again in Australia, and Moore began playing in Gilbert and Sullivan. Her voice was not large but she knew how to use it, and on occasions she took the parts of Josephine and Buttercup in "HMS Pinafore", Mabel and Ruth in the "Pirates of Penzance" and once, when the actress chosen could not appear, Katisha in "The Mikado". In "Patience", her part was Lady Jane. Possibly her best part in opera was Bettina, in Edmond Audran's "La Mascotte".
She was thoroughly adaptable, and after her husband had become a member of the firm of Williamson Garner and Musgrove and had practically given up acting, she appeared in sensational drama. In about 1890 she was keeping alive with her vivacity and humour such parts as Biddy Roonan in "The Shadows of a Great City", and Meg in "Meg the Castaway". She visited her parents in San Francisco about this time and played at a benefit in "Nan the Good-for-Nothing". Returning to Australia she was in various revivals of "Struck Oil" with John F. Forde as John Stofel. She left her husband in the early 1890s.
About the close of the century, Moore obtained a divorce from her husband. Shortly after her second marriage in 1902, she toured Australia (July 1902 to July 1903), New Zealand (July to November 1903) and then Australia again (December 1903 to July 1904), with a repertoire of a dozen or so comedies and comedic melodramas, including "Struck Oil". She left Australia for the United States via England, and until 1908 travelled in the United States and Great Britain. In London she appeared with George Graves, Frank Danby, Billie Burke, and Carrie Moore. Back in Australia she played a starring season between 1908 and 1912, occasionally reviving "Struck Oil" with Henry ("Harry") R. Roberts, whom she had married, as John Stofel. She made a film of the piece in 1916 and played Lizzie Stofel as her last stage performance in 1924.
In 1915 she returned to the Royal Comic Opera Company, and for some years played smaller parts with finish and distinction. In 1918 she played the character of Mrs Karl Pfeiffer in "Friendly Enemies", and it has been said of her that "she imbued the character with a dignity and gentle pathos which crowned her long career with fresh laurels". In 1924 she celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of her first appearance in Australia, and in 1925 retired to California to live with her sister. There she was offered an engagement in "Lightnin"' with J. D. O'Hara, but did not accept it.
Moore died at San Francisco after having an operation to remove her leg, following a cable car accident on March 15, 1926. Her second husband predeceased her. She was interred at Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, California. (Section T, Row 22, Area 13, Grave 4)

</doc>
<doc id="5847459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847459" title="George S. Simonds">
George S. Simonds

George Sherwin Simonds (March 12, 1874 – November 1, 1938) was a U.S. Army officer with the rank of Major General. 
Biography.
He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1899. After graduation he was assigned to the 22d Infantry. He served in the Philippines and China. He returned to West Point in 1904 as an instructor in the Department of Law. In addition from 1915 to 1917 he also taught in the Department of Tactics.
When World War I began, he was sent to France as an observer. After returning to America he was assigned to the General Staff of the General Headquarters of the American Expeditionary Force and returned to France again in 1917. Lieutenant Colonel George S. Simonds, Infantry, was Chief of Staff of the 2nd Corps, American Expeditionary Force. He received the Army Distinguished Service Medal for service in World War I.
Simonds was promoted to Brigadier General in 1924.
Brigadier General Simonds served as Chief of the War Plans Division of the War Department from September 1, 1927 to September 1, 1931.
In 1932 he was assigned to run the Army War College. Previously he was Douglas MacArthur's chief war planner, and his appointment was made to improve the planning ability in the Army War College.
Simonds was promoted to Major General in 1933.
Major General Simonds served as Deputy Chief of Staff in the War Department from February 2, 1935 to May 28, 1936.
In June 1936, Simonds took command of the Fourth United States Army and Ninth Corps; the headquarters was at the Presidio of San Francisco.
General Simonds retired from the Army at San Francisco, retiring in 1938. He died 7 months later and was buried in the West Point Cemetery. The ship USAT General George S. Simonds was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="5847461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847461" title="Asset freezing">
Asset freezing

Asset freezing is a legal process which prevents a defendant to an action from dissipating their assets from beyond the jurisdiction of a court so as to frustrate a potential judgment. It is widely recognised in other common law jurisdictions and such orders can be made to have world-wide effect. It is variously construed as part of a court's inherent jurisdiction to restrain breaches of its process.
The legal order itself is in the form of an injunction, which in Commonwealth jurisdictions is also known as a freezing order, Mareva injunction, Mareva order or Mareva regime, after the case "Mareva Compania Naviera SA v International Bulkcarriers SA" 2 Lloyd's Rep 509, decided in 1975, although the first recorded instance of such an order in English jurisprudence was "Nippon Yusen Kaisha v Karageorgis" in 1975, decided very shortly before the "Mareva" decision; however, in the UK the Civil Procedure Rules 1998 now define a Mareva order as a "freezing" order.
Asset freezing is not a security ("Jackson v Sterling Industries Ltd"), nor a means to pressure a judgment debtor ("Camdex International Ltd v Bank of Zambia (No. 2)"), nor is it a type of asset forfeiture since it does not confer upon anyone else a proprietary interest in the defendant's assets ("Cretanor Maritime Co Ltd v Irish Marine Management Ltd"). However, some authorities have treated the Mareva injunction as an order to stop a judgment debtor from dissipating his assets so as to have the "effect" of frustrating judgment, rather than the more strenuous test of requiring an "intent" to "abuse" court procedure. An example of the former would be paying off a legitimate debt ("Iraqi Ministry of Defence v Arcepey Shipping Co SA"), whereas an example of the latter would be hiding the assets in overseas banks on receiving notice of the action.
A freezing order will usually only be made where the claimant can show that there was at least a good arguable case that they would succeed at trial and that the refusal of an injunction would involve a real risk that a judgment or award in their favour would remain unsatisfied ("Ninemia Maritime corporation v Trave Schiffahrtgesellschaft m.b.H und Co.K.G" 1 WLR 1412). It is recognised as being quite harsh on defendants because the order is often granted at the pre-trial stage in "ex parte" hearings, based on affidavit evidence alone. A Mareva injunction is often combined with an Anton Piller order in these circumstances. This can be disastrous for a defendant as the cumulative effect of these orders can be to destroy the whole of a business' custom by freezing most of its assets and revealing important information to its competitors.
Similar provisions are now required to be available in the rest of Europe, under Article 9(2) of the European Union Directive on the enforcement of intellectual property rights, approved in April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5847462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847462" title="Tukums District">
Tukums District

Tukums District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Courland region, in the country's west.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847464" title="Honda CL100">
Honda CL100

The Honda CL100 was a four stroke single cylinder overhead cam motorcycle made by Honda, and sold in the US from 1970 to 1973. The CL designation indicated this model to be the "Scrambler" or dual sport version. 
Performance.
The 99 cc engine produced 11.5 HP according to Honda. This was sufficient to propel the bike with a small rider to about 55 mph.
The CL100 was also available in a model designated CL100S (1971-1973), which had a governor to reduce power to 5 HP to meet some state restrictions for younger operators. In this mode, top speed was about 50 mph.

</doc>
<doc id="5847468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847468" title="Albert Wein">
Albert Wein

Albert W. Wein, American sculptor born in New York City on July 27, 1915. He died in March 1991. His mother, Elsa Meher Wein was a portrait painter and it was through her that Wein was first introduced to art. He began his art studies at the Maryland Institute of Fine and Applied Arts at the age of twelve, where his mother taught. In 1929 he and his family moved to New York City where he continued his studies at the National Academy of Design he studied with painter Ivan Olinsky. In 1932 he enrolled at the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design. He also studied with Hans Hofmann.
In 1932, he joined the WPA and created numerous works in this stylization. A 1942 wood relief titled "Growth" was installed at the U.S. Post Office (Frankfort, New York) under the auspices of the Treasury Department's, Section of Fine Arts. 
In 1938, he married Toby Gold and they had a son named Jack Wein who was born on March 31, 1939. The marriage was short lived and ended in divorce.
In 1947 he won the Rome Prize scholarship to the American Academy in Rome, where he was to stay for two years. During that period he traveled through Europe, exposing himself to Greek and Roman sculptural precedents.
Wein was one of 250 sculptors who exhibited in the 3rd Sculpture International held at the Philadelphia Museum of Art in the summer of 1949.
He returned to the United States and in 1950 joined the National Sculpture Society.
As many of the other sculptors of his era Wein was adept at creating monumental, architectural, garden, memorial sculpture. He was also accomplished at bas-relief and produced work for the Steuben Glass Company as well as being a member of the Society of Medallists.
In 1955 Wein moved to California where, besides creating sculpture for numerous synagogues and for private collections, he drew upon his experience in New York Theatre and designed sets for television studios including working as art director for the Ernie Kovacs Show. Wein experimented with a vast range of media, materials and explored figurative abstraction in both his sculpture and painting, from cubist to free-form while on the west coast. He had a number of one-man exhibitions in California and had numerous radio and television interviews. During this period he also produced a number of fine erotic sculptures. Some of these were used by a psychiatrist to help his patients.
He was also artist-in-residence at both Brandeis University and the University of Wyoming.
In the late sixties he moved back to New York and settled in Westchester County. He became a fellow of the National Sculpture Society and was elected to Academician of the National Academy of Design. His attention returned to a more representation of the figure and as he said "modernizing the classical tradition" which continued until his death.
Mr. Wein's ten-foot limestone statue of "Phryne Before the Judges" was commissioned by Anna Hyatt Huntington and is located in Brookgreen Gardens.
In 1975, he was commissioned to create North America's largest granite relief; A 27 ft x 27 ft. granite relief on Libby Dam which is located in Montana. His design was picked unanimously by the judges for its wonderfully designed and clear image which could still be seen from afar. Albert and his wife Deyna lived in Vermont during the carving of the 75 ton monument which was dedicated by President Gerald Ford. The work took several years to complete.
In the 1980s he was awarded a Rockefeller Foundation grant for study in Bellagio, Italy.
During his illustrious career he won every award that a sculptor could win. Few artists have experimented and been able to marry both the Classicism and Modernism so wonderfully.
In 1987, he was commissioned by West Palm Beach Mall to create a bronze life-size sculptural composition of the Greek Myth huntress Diana. The sculpture's complex composition yet fluid movement is an excellent example of how Wein could manipulate shape and form into three-dimensional magic.
Albert Wein said that "every good work of art is a good abstract composition" or could at least be represented by one. That the subject, devoid of details and pared down to only what is necessary to convey the "essence" of the composition is what really mattered in an artistic work.
Albert Wein created over 500 sculptures and 300 painting and drawings. Many of these works have been sold, but many have never been seen by the public and are still available directly from the Albert Wein Estate.
Albert Wein is survived by his third wife, Deyna Wein, her two daughters (Gaye and Bambi Breakstone), his son (Jack Yellen) from his first marriage and 4 grandchildren (Tyler Wein, Deborah Yellen, Sheldon Yellen and Mark Yellen).

</doc>
<doc id="5847473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847473" title="Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge">
Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge

Tsoiotsi Tsogalii (Lodge #70) is a lodge in the Order of the Arrow (OA), BSA's National Honor Society. The Lodge serves and is backed by the Old North State Council. Tsoiotsi Tsogalli is part of the SR-7B Section of the Southern Region of the Order of the Arrow. The Lodge's totem is the Red-tailed Hawk. Approximately 1750 Arrowmen are currently registered as members of Tsoiotsi Tsogalii.
History.
The Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge name means "We Three are Friends" in the Cherokee language and was formed from three smaller lodges. The first, Tali Tak Taki #70 merged with Uwharrie Lodge #208 in the early 1990s to form Keyauwee Lodge #70. This short-lived lodge then merged with Tsalagi Lodge #163 in 1994 to form Tsoiotsi Tsogalli, which still exists today.
In 2001, based on the Lodge's Service to Cub Scouting, Tsoiotsi Tsogalii received the National Service Award. This was followed by the Lodge's acceptance of the E. Urner Goodman Camping Award in 2003 and a National Service Grant in 2005, which helped construct a Health & Fitness shelter at Cherokee Scout Reservation.
Executive Committee.
The Lodge's leadership consists of a Lodge Chief and five Vice Chiefs elected annually by the Lodge youth, of a few Lodge Committee Chairmen, and of five Chapter Chiefs elected by each Chapter's youth. The group meets together as the Lodge's Executive Committee (EC) with their adult Advisers at monthly meetings (no meetings usually occur in June and July). Each officer (the mentioned excluding Advisers) has one vote per decision at these meetings, as does the immediately previous Lodge Chief. The EC is governed by the Lodge Bylaws and Parliamentary Procedure. Each Lodge officer must be a registered Lodge youth to carry out his position.
The Lodge Vice Chief positions in order with no succession are as follows:
A trio known as the "Key 3" are allowed to make certain decisions with approval from the EC. The group consists of the Lodge Chief, the Lodge Adviser, and the Lodge Staff Adviser.
Lodge Committee Chairmen are appointed and confirmed by the EC. The number of Chairmen varies from year to year depending on scheduled activities and programs instituted by the EC. At the EC meetings, each Chairman is granted one vote on each decision until the committee that he represents is dissolved.
Lodge bylaws.
The Lodge Bylaws act as a constitution for the Lodge, forming the basis for the organization of leadership and membership. The current Bylaws were implemented under the administration of former Lodge Chief R. Martin Stamat (2007) and are divided into four articles, each dealing with a certain aspect of the Lodge. Articles I and II focus on the establishment of the Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge and the qualifications for membership in the Lodge. One of the bylaws states that a member in Lodge 70 must be a registered member of the Old North State Council.
Article III briefly describes the responsibilities of all the Lodge Officers and Advisers and explains that additional temporary responsibilities may be added for Officers. The fourth Article explains the expectations of Tsoiotsi Tsogalii members at Lodge functions, and also declares that items sold by the Lodge must be either approved by Executive Committee or the leadership of the place where the items are sold.
The fifth and final Article lays out the steps necessary for amending the Bylaws document. A proposed amendment must be presented to the Executive Committee, where a motion to approve the amendment must receive two-thirds approval. Then, the proposed amendment must be presented to the Lodge membership for a majority vote before it becomes active.
Chapters.
The Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge is divided into 5 separate chapters, each with an elected Chapter Chief, an elected team of Vice Chiefs, and a team of appointed Advisers.
Tsoiotsi Tsogalii's Chapters are listed below along with the regions they represent:
Events.
Each year, the Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge hosts two Fellowship weekends (Spring Fellowship and Fall Fellowship), three Induction Weekends, one Vigil Weekend, one Lodge Leadership Development Conference (LLD), and many other smaller events. Approximately once every six years, the Lodge hosts the SR-7B Section Cardinal Conclave, a convention-style event where Arrowmen from all over the Section gather for fellowship and competition. Lodges compete against each other in events such as Indian Dancing and the "Quest for the Golden Arrow Games", which is similar to a decathlon.
Tsoiotsi Tsogalii Lodge last hosted a SR-7B Conclave in 2012 at Cherokee Scout Reservation. Lodge events are most commonly held at either Cherokee Scout Reservation or Woodfield Scout Preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="5847489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847489" title="Diamond Cut Diamond (fairy tale)">
Diamond Cut Diamond (fairy tale)

Diamond Cut Diamond is an Indian fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Olive Fairy Book" (1907), describing as a Punjabi story collected by Major Campbell in Feroshepore.
Synopsis.
A merchant, after many years of poverty and hard work, moved to a distant region and grew rich. He decided to go home. A man told him that his road was beset by thieves, and the merchant left his box of jewels with him until he could get men of his own family to accompany him. When he returned, the man denied that it had ever happened, and threw him out of the shop.
Koosby Ram saw him sitting on the road, and asked him what had happened. Then he told him to go back the next day, and ask for his box when someone gave him a signal. While he was waiting, a palanquin arrived, and the man was told that a lady wished to leave her boxes of jewels with him, for safety. While the talk was still going on, the merchant received the signal and came to ask. The man decided that it would put off the lady, and handed over the box. The merchant started to dance in the street. A message arrived that her husband had come, so she did not need to deposit the jewels after all. Then Koosby Ram burst out of the palanquin and joined the merchant. Then the man joined them.
Someone said that the merchant had recovered his jewels, that Koosby Ram had tricked him, but that the man had no reason to dance. He said that he had thought he had learned every way to trick people, but now he knew another.

</doc>
<doc id="5847491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847491" title="Nova Scotia Route 336">
Nova Scotia Route 336

Route 336 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the central part of the province and connects Upper Musquodoboit at Route 224 with Springside at Route 289 .
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5847499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847499" title="Ben Lear">
Ben Lear

Benjamin Lear (May 12, 1879 – November 2, 1966) was a United States Army general who served in the Spanish-American War, Philippine Insurrection, World War I and World War II.
Early Career.
Ben Lear was born in Hamilton, Ontario on May 12, 1879. His military service began in 1898, when he enlisted with the 1st Colorado Infantry, USV, for the Spanish-American War as a First Sergeant. He was promoted to second lieutenant during the Philippine-American War in the 1st Colorado and later in the 36th Infantry, USV, but joined the regular army as a sergeant at the end of the war. He subsequently served in World War I.
He was a 1912 Olympian, part of the equestrian team which won the Bronze Medal in the three day team event. 
Lear graduated from the Army School of the Line in 1922, the Army General Staff School in 1923, and the Army War College in 1926. 
He was promoted to Brigadier General in May 1936 and Major General in October 1938. He commanded the 1st Cavalry Division from 1936 to 1938, and the Pacific Sector of the Panama Canal Zone from 1938 to 1940.
World War II.
Stateside duty.
Lear promoted to lieutenant general in October 1940 and was commanding general of U.S. Second Army from October 20, 1940 to April 25, 1943. As such, he was responsible for training a large number of U.S. soldiers during World War II. He became known as a strict disciplinarian. 
It was in the lead-up to these maneuvers that Lear acquired the nickname "Yoo-Hoo". He was playing golf at the Country Club in Memphis, Tennessee in civilian clothes on Sunday, July 6, 1941, when a convoy of 80 U.S. Army trucks carrying men of the 35th Division rolled past. The troops in the passing trucks subjected a group of women in shorts to a series of whistles and "lewd and obscene" catcalls. Lear had the convoy stopped and told the officers that this conduct was unacceptable, and they had disgraced the army. Lear's punishment was to make every one of the 350 men in the convoy march 15 miles (24 km) of the 45 mile (72 km) trip back to Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas in three 5 mile sections. This they did in the 97°F (36C) heat. Many men straggled and a number collapsed. There was storm of public criticism of Lear's action from people who felt that the soldiers had been harshly and collectively punished when they had done nothing wrong. The commander of the 35th Division, Major General Ralph E. Truman was well-connected politically, his cousin being Senator Harry S. Truman, and some Congressmen called for Lear to be retired. However, to Army eyes this was not a case of sexual harassment but of indiscipline, and no action was taken against Lear. The derogatory nickname "Yoo-Hoo" stuck. 
During the Louisiana Maneuvers, Lear led his U.S. Second Army against the U.S. Third Army under Lieutenant General Walter Krueger. In these maneuvers, Lear judged the control and discipline of the 35th Division to be unsatisfactory and relieved Truman of his command.
European Theater.
Lear was administratively retired in May 1943, having reached the mandatory retirement age of 64, but was immediately recalled to active duty to serve on the Personnel Board of the Secretary of War, and promoted to Lieutenant General. On the death of Lieutenant General Lesley J. McNair in Normandy in July 1944, Lear became Commanding General of Army Ground Forces. 
After the German counter-attack in the Ardennes, caused a manpower crisis, in January 1945 he was appointed Deputy Commander of European Theater of Operations, US Army, responsible for theater manpower. As such, he overhauled the replacement system, but the war against Germany ended before the full benefits of his reforms could be realized. 
Retirement.
General Lear fully retired from the Army in July 1945 and was promoted to General on July 19, 1954 by special Act of Congress (Public Law 83-508). 
He died at Murfreesboro, Tennessee on November 2, 1966, and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Section 4, Grave 2690.[http://www.arlingtoncemetery.net/blear.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5847503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847503" title="Madona District">
Madona District

Madona District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Vidzeme and Latgale regions, in the country's east. Within the district is the highest point in Latvia - Gaiziņkalns. The district also bordered Latvia's largest lake, Lake Lubāns.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847525" title="Mzungu">
Mzungu

Mzungu () is a Bantu language term used in the African Great Lakes region to refer to people of European descent. It is a commonly used expression among Bantu peoples in Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Rwanda, Uganda and Zambia. The word "wachizungu" has a particular historical development in this region, dating back to the 18th century. "Wachizungu" used to mean "things of the aimless wanderers." Literally translated it meant "someone who roams around aimlessly" or "aimless wanderer." The term was first used in the African Great Lakes region to describe European explorers in the 18th century, apparently as a result of their propensity to get lost in their wanderings in Africa. The word Muzungu comes from Kiswahili, where ‘zungu’ is the word for spinning around on the same spot. That dizzy lost look was perfected by the first white people arriving in the African Great Lakes. Muzunguzungu is Kiswahili for a dizzy person. The term is now used to refer to "someone with white skin" or "white skin".
In the Bantu Swahili language, the plural form of mzungu is wazungu.
The possessive "kizungu" (or "chizungu") translates as "behaving rich". However, in some areas, such as in Rwanda, it does not necessarily refer to the colour of your skin anymore either. Traditionally Europeans were seen to be people of means and rich and so the meaning was extended to refer to "rich people" regardless of the colour of their skin. It would therefore not be unusual to find an employer of any race being referred to as "mzungu." However, it can be used generally for any European language. In Swahili, the plural form of mzungu is wazungu. The possessive kizungu (or chizungu) translated literally means "of the aimless wanderers". It has now come to mean "language of the aimless wanderers" and more commonly English, as it is the language most often used by Wazungu in the African Great Lakes. However it can be used generally for any European language. Wachizungu, Bachizungu, etc. – literally "things of the aimless wanderers" – have come to mean the Western culture, cuisine and lifestyle.
Everyday use.
Mzungu can be used in an affectionate or insulting way. It is used in Kenya, Tanzania and Rwanda. It is often called out by children to get the attention of a passerby.
Alternative expressions.
In Kinyarwanda and Kirundi, European people are also known as "rutuku" which means "red" (after their skin color). The underlying tone for "rutuku" though is in reference to aggression. Though the literal translation is "red", the underlying translation is "aggressor", referring to colonialism and the plundering of local resources by the "white people." The word "English" has been loaned into Bantu languages as "kiingereza" in Swahili, "chingeleshi" in Bemba, or "lungereza" in Ganda.

</doc>
<doc id="5847534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847534" title="Ebenezer Syme">
Ebenezer Syme

Ebenezer Syme (15 September 1825 –13 March 1860) was a Scottish-Australian journalist, proprietor and manager of "The Age".
Syme was born at North Berwick, Scotland, third son of George Alexander Syme, schoolmaster, and his wife Jean, "née" Mitchell. Ebenezer Syme's younger brother was David Syme. Ebenezer studied theology at the University of St Andrews to be educated for the ministry but finding difficulties in accepting the creeds of the day became an unattached evangelist, working in Liverpool, Manchester, other north country industrial towns and in Scotland. Syme also began to write for the reviews and succeeded George Eliot as assistant editor of the "Westminster Review". Syme married Jane Hilton, "née" Rowan, of Manchester, on 21 April 1848.
In April 1853, partly for health reasons, Syme, his wife and three young sons sailed for Australia in the "Abdalla". They landed in Melbourne on 17 July 1853 and Syme soon found work as a journalist. When the "Age" was founded in 1854 Syme joined the staff and two years later, the paper being in difficulties, it was sold to him and his brother, David. Ebenezer Syme was elected member for Loddon in 1856 in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, but as this conflicted with his journalistic work he did not stand again when his term expired in 1859. Syme joined in the struggle for the opening up of the lands. Syme's health, however, began to suffer and he died after a lingering illness on 13 March 1860. He was survived by his wife, four sons and a daughter; they all returned to England, but all the children later returned to Victoria. One son, Joseph Cowen Syme, was for many years part proprietor and manager of "The Age". A granddaughter, Eveline Winifred Syme (1888-1961), was a notable Australian artist. His most notable legacy, "The Age," would remain in his family's hands until 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="5847535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847535" title="Jackson-Pratt drain">
Jackson-Pratt drain

A Jackson-Pratt Drain (also called a JP Drain) is a closed suction medical device that is commonly used as a post-operative drain for collecting bodily fluids from surgical sites. The device consists of an internal drain connected to a grenade-shaped bulb via plastic tubing.
The purpose of a drain is to prevent fluid (blood or other) build-up in a closed ("dead") space, which may cause either disruption of the wound and the healing process or become an infected abscess, with either scenario possibly requiring a formal drainage/repair procedure (and possibly another trip to the operating room). The drain is also used to evacuate an internal abscess before surgery when an infection already exists. If the drainage tubing become clogged or otherwise clotted off, the benefits are not realized from drainage.
Care and Maintenance.
The flexible bulb has a plug that can be opened to pour off collected fluid. Each time fluid is removed, the patient, caregiver or healthcare provider squeezes the air out of the bulb and replaces the plug before releasing the bulb. The resulting vacuum creates suction in the drainage tubing, which gradually draws fluid from the surgical site into the bulb. The bulb may be repeatedly opened to remove the collected fluid and squeezed again to restore suction. It is best to empty drains before they are more than half full to avoid the discomfort of the weight of the drain pulling on the internal tubing.
JP drains come in flat and round forms, and these are available in varying sizes. The flat drains are measured in millimeters and the round drains are measured in French sizes.
Patients or caretakers can "strip" the drains by taking a damp towel or piece of cloth and bracing the portion of the tubing closest to the body with their fingers, run the cloth down the length of the tube to the drain bulb. One can also put a little bit of lotion or mineral oil on their fingertips to lubricate the tube to make stripping easier. The portion of the tube closest to the exit point of the drain from the body should be gripped first, and once the length of the drain is stripped, the end closest to the surgical site should then be released. This increases the level of suction and helps to move clots through the drainage tube into the bulb.
It is important to watch the skin around the drain for signs of possible infection: increased redness, pain, or swelling; fever greater than 101 °F; cloudy yellow, tan, or foul-smelling drainage.
Any closed suction drain system, like the Jackson-Pratt, can become clogged with fibrin or clot. This results in loss of drain patency and thus fluid, blood or infected material can build up in the wound resulting in a wound hematoma and or abscess. Careful attention should be directed to make sure the drains do not clot or become clogged when they are still in use. 
Namesake.
It is named for Chevalier Jackson, an American Laryngologist and Gerald H. Platt (1928– 2006), an American Surgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="5847536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847536" title="List of astronomical instrument makers">
List of astronomical instrument makers

The following is a list of astronomical instrument makers, along with lifespan and country of work, if available.

</doc>
<doc id="5847544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847544" title="Jelgava District">
Jelgava District

Jelgava District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Semigallia region, in the country's centre. It was organized into a city, two municipalities and twelve parishes, each with a local government authority. The administrative centre of the district was Jelgava.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847546" title="Caroline Aleata">
Caroline Aleata

Caroline Aleata, better known by her nickname, Cal, was a fictional character in the now-cancelled American Soap Opera, "Love of Life". Actress Deborah Courtney created the role and Roxanne Gregory succeeded her.
Meg's unknown daughter.
Cal was the daughter of Meg Dale. She had first come to the fictional community of Rosehill, New York, after intercepting a letter from her aunt Vanessa Dale, asking Meg to return to Rosehill to see her mother (and Cal's grandmother) Sarah Dale, who was in the hospital near death.
Sadly, she had been mercilessly neglected by her mother, just like her half-brother Ben "Beanie" Harper had been when he was younger. Vanessa welcomed the lonely Cal with open arms, as did the rest of her family.
Some time later, Meg had come to Rosehill, along with Ben. She had married the villainous mayor of Rosehill, Jeff Hart, and caused serious trouble between the two of them. Among his crimes, he had both Vanessa and Cal locked in a meat freezer at the local meat packing plant, when they discovered that the school "beef" that Cal was served at school was really horsemeat.
Cal had met David Hart, Jeff's son, from a previous marriage, and had fallen in love with him. This was easy since they lived under the same roof as their parents.
By this time, Meg had realized that Jeff was a true monster and had divorced him. She helped her brother in-law Bruce Sterling acquire evidence that would have impeached Jeff and had him thrown in prison. He was ready to leave Rosehill in due haste, but he had one last thing to do. He raped his poor stepdaughter. David Hart had caught him in the act, and shot him dead for it. For this, he was institutionalized in a sanitarium.
Cal was beyond distraught. Her compassionate Aunt Vanessa called her stepfather, Edouard Aleata, who had been the only father she had ever known, and he came to her side when she needed him. She still saw him as a father figure, and he showered his hurt daughter with the love that she needed at this time.
Meanwhile, Rick Latimer, a man who was seeing her mother, Meg, had been enchanted by Cal. Rick fell deeply in love with Cal, and this angered Meg. But, however, as was often the case, whenever she tried to get her way with things, failed. Cal was so angry with her mother, that she drove off totally distraught, and crashed her car into an embankment. This, added to the grief that she had dealt with during the rape, was enough for Edouard to come to Rosehill.
Rick was very worried about Cal, and after she was well enough, she and Rick married. She proved to be a fantastic mother to Hank, Rick's son by his first marriage to Barbara Sterling. After all the trouble they went through dealing with the unrepentant Meg, Cal and Rick left Rosehill with his son.

</doc>
<doc id="5847554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847554" title="Thunnalai">
Thunnalai

The village of Thunnalai () is near the lagoon called Thondaman Aru. It is also in close proximity to This place is settled by migrants from a town called Vallipuram near Namakkal which is near Coimbatore. Naga names are found in India. Nagpur, Nagar Kovil, Nagapatnam and Nagaland are examples. Nair, nayakkar, naidu are remnants of Naga heritage. Tamils are a linguistic name; but Nagas are more of a racially based line. Nagas are now integral part of all linguistic tribes. 
Thunnalai and Vallipuram formed the north-eastern complex of various ruling empires such as Cholas, Pandyas, Sinhalese, Thai, Javanese and Malays. Most of these invaders are pirates or princes who made use of the island status of Jaffna to settle and control international trade.
The following sections deal separately with the changing rulers of Thunnalai.
Overview.
Location: 9.784801° N 80.239207° E
Part of Thunnalai was under the sea for a long time and seashell deposits can be seen in the rice fields as the evidence of such occurrences. Some of the Ganesh Temple walls are built from these seashells. The soil in these areas are bleached of mineral colour due to inundation with sea water. The northern part of Thunnalai has calcic red latosols used for making pottery which was a cottage industry during 20th century.
Hartley College was first located in Thunnalai. After an arson attack on the school, it was moved to Point Pedro. 
Kaddaiveli Church and Kaddaiveli Parish are the remnants of the colonial rule. An ancient Sivan temple was demolished before the church was erected.
Thunnalai has ward named Glen which means valley in Welsh language. Vallipuram is another ward in Thunnalai. 
Thun means fresh water in Nordic languages. Tonlé Sap means fresh water lake in Cambodian languages. With historical links to Thai and Cambodian kingdoms Thunnalai may be name of South East Asian origin.
Place names like Kaligai comes from the original invader's name of Kalinga Magha.
Vallipuram (Sandy City) has a recorded history from the 2nd century BC, in the gold inscription of King Vasabha, where the local ruler is named as "Asagiri", a name confirmed in the Nelugala stone inscription (2nd century BC) as well. The Buddhist list of holy places ("Nampotha") names it as "Vaelipura" or sand city. The exact details of the temple complex are not known, and the famous 'Vallipuram" Buddha statue was found in excavations below a subsequent Hindu Temple. Peter Schalk, a distinguished Swedish Tamil scholar, writes "Vallipuram has very rich archaeological remains that point at an early settlement. It was probably an emporium in the first centuries AD. […] From already dated stones with which we compare this Vallipuram statue, we can conclude that it falls in the period 3-4 century AD. During that period, the typical Amaravati-Buddha sculpture was developed." The Buddha statue found here at the Buddhist site was gifted to the King of Thailand by the then British Governor Henry Blake in 1906. The descendants of Arya Chakravarti married into Kalinga Magha family and created a dynasty of Singai-Aryans and ruled from Vallipuram and renamed it as Singai Nagar. However, no historically useful objects, e.g., inscriptions, art or literary works were left by these rulers, and Paranavithana and other historians claim that they paid tribute to the main ruler of the country. See also S. Paranavitana, ``Vallipuram Gold-Plate Inscription of the Regin of Vasabha. "Epigraphia Zeylanica", 4 (1936) 229-236. A full discussion has been given recently by Karthigesu Indrapala, "Evolution of an Ethnic Identity",(2005), and in an earlier work, 1965 where Dr. Indrapala argued for a flourishing pre-Christian Buddhist civilization in Jaffna, in agreement with Paranavithana, and Mudliyar C. Rasanayakam, "Ancient Jaffna".
This place is similar to Nagapatnam where all Asian vessels used it as a stopover point and the Buddhist and Hindu Dagobas are just a resting and worshipping places for the sailors and international traders. Both Nagapatnam and Vallipuram served the powerful kingdoms of China, Siam, Cambodia, Champa (Vietnam) and Java.
Introduction.
From time immemorial India was the source of people who settled in Thunnalai. As people came in for the new lands beyond India, they found Jaffna as a place of peace and serenity and void of religious clashes which waged over the centuries. They brought various religions at various times. As Jains, Buddhists, Vaishnavaites, Saivaites and Muslims became the victims, they chose the shores of Jaffna as a refuge.
Rajarata and the Sinhalese had a long history of cultural, religious, and indeed genetic exchange with the kingdoms of southern India; the royal families of the island had, for example, consistently married into the royal families of the Pandyas and Cheras. Invaders such as Anikanga (in 1209) and Parakrama Pandu (in 1212) were often welcomed and accepted. Perhaps the most famous invader had been Elara, around a thousand years previously, who despite conquering the island by force had earned the title of 'dharmaraja' ('Just King') even amongst monks and was regarded as one of the best examples of governance in the history of the country. All these monarchs had incorporated the local nobilities into their rule and shown respect and deference towards the native faith, Buddhism. Thus one of the chief reasons for the particular loathing held by the Culavamsa for Magha was his utter refusal to accommodate either the faith or the culture of the native Sinhalese population. 
The Culavamsa provides Kalinga Magha with an impressive and detailed introduction, something which the normally laconic text very rarely does. In Chapter LXXX, we are told that
Nothing is known of Magha before his arrival in Rajarata with an army of 24,000 from Kalinga, nor on what basis he claimed the throne of Lanka. Certainly in the years before his arrival the Sinhalese kingdom had progressed into an advanced state of political decay, making its way through more than nine monarchs in twenty years and suffering at least three invasions. It has been speculated that Magha may have had a claim through the Kalingan dynasty established by Nissanka Malla in 1187. Whatever his pretext however he swiftly lost any potential support amongst the populace by the sheer violence of his invasion.
King Chandrabhanu was a straits Malay chief/pirate/king who stormed the Sri Lankan port of Trincomalee with Malay foot soldiers from both sides of the straits to get the `tooth` of Buddha to legitimize his claim to a kingdom back in his country. Chandrabhanu was defeated, but then sent for mercenaries from South India and wrestled the northern half of Sri Lanka away from the Sinhalese kings. However Chandrabhanu was able to establish an independent regime in the north of the island, but in 1258 he was attacked and subjugated by Pandya.
Tamil trade.
Between the 2nd and 12th centuries AD, the Cholas and Pallavas did extensive sea trade throughout Southeast Asia and China. Various countries periodically came under Tamil rule. At the beginning of the 2nd century AD, Pallava prince Kaundinyan of Kanchipuram became the first king of Cambodia. Much of the historical accounts of the time can be seen in bas reliefs (carvings on walls similar to Mamallapuram wall carvings) at sites like the Angkor Wat and Angkor Thom. The fighting arts and styles can be clearly seen on these walls. At the Prambanan and Borobodur temples of Java Indonesia the same can be seen in the bas reliefs of the Tamil martial arts fighting skills used by ancient warriors. During the 10th century AD the Chola Empire was at its peak with their expansion in Southeast Asia. Under king Raja Raja Chozhan parts of Burma, Isthmus of Kra, Malaysia, Sumatra, and Java were under his rule. Much of the elements of Tamil culture introduced there were dance, cuisine, writing, literature, architecture, and the martial arts.
Chavakam.
Chaavakam is the Tamilized name for the Island of Java which is a part of Indonesia today. Yaava-dveepa or Jaava-dveepa is the Sanskrit name for that island. The name, which means The Island of Millets, is found in early literature like Ramayana. For a long time in history, Java remained the political and cultural centre of maritime Southeast Asia. Hence, the word Chaavakam stood for the entire region that included today's Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Philippines and East Timor. Chaavakar, which originally meant the people of Java, was also a collective term for all who were later identified as Malays. Javanese (Bahasa Indonesie) and Malay (Bahasa Malayu) are basically the same language.
Chandrabhanu.
From the Sri Lankan materials, this Chandrabhanu was a Javakan king from Tambralinga who had invaded Sri Lankan in 1247. His navy launched an assault on the southern part of the island but defeated by the Sri Lankan king. However Chandrabhanu was able to establish an independent regime in the north of the island, but in 1258 he was attacked and subjugated by Pandya. Chandrabhanu Sridhamaraja was the king of Patama vamsa (lotus dynasty). He began to reign in 1230, he had the Phrae Boromadhatu reparation and celebration in the same year. Chandrabhanu Sridhamaraja brought Tambralinga reached the pinnacle of its power in the mid-13th century. Tambralinga is identified with Ligor, which is in the Isthmus part of Thailand, close to Kedah (Kadaaram) of Malaysia. The capital was Pattani (pronounced Paddani). In Tamil, Paddinam means city, especially a coastal city.
Invasion.
From the Sri Lankan materials, this Chandrabhanu was a Javakan king from Tambralinga who had invaded Sri Lankan in 1247. His navy launched an assault on the southern part of the island but defeated by the Sri Lankan king. However Chandrabhanu was able to establish an independent regime in the north of the island, but in 1258 he was attacked and subjugated by Pandya. In 1262 Chandrabhanu launched another attack on the south of the island, his army strengthened this time by the addition of Tamil and Sinhalese forces, only to be defeated when Pandya sided with the Sri Lankan side Chandrabhanu himself was killed in the fighting.
Chandrabhanu's son retained control over the northern kingdom, though subservient to Pandya, but this regime too had disappeared by the end of the 14th century.
Tooth Relic.
Parakramabahu II brought down the Relics from Beligala in a procession with great veneration and placed them in a shrine built near the palace at the Damabadeniya rock According to the text Dalada Pujavaliya, Parakramabahu conducted the Relics to Srivardhanapura, the city of his birth, and held a great ritual worship. He was responsible for the building of the Tooth Relic shrine at the Vijayasundararama at Dambadeniya, where the Relic was deposited and the king conducted festive rituals. The peaceful and prosperous time under Parakramabahu was disturbed by the invasion of Chandrabhanu of Java. However, the king was able to expel the enemy and bring back the country to a stable status again. Chadrabhanu of Java invaded the country for the second time and after defeating the local sub-ruler at Yapahuva, demanded the Tooth Relic from Vijayabahu of Dambadeniya. Yet, the Sri Lankan ruler was able to defeat him and bring peace to the island again.
Assimilated Javanese.
This is a leftover from the fact that the town was a `Javaka Kottai` - `Chavaka Kottai` - `Chavaka Cheri` (originally founded as fort of Malay/Javanese soldiers during King Chandrabhanu's days) during the pre-colonial times. Those Malay/Javanese who assimilated to become Tamils just maintained their age-old traditions even during the colonial and postcolonial time frame.
Arya Chakaravarthi.
After Chandrabhanu, the area was passed on to a Pandyan deputy. Mahawamsa tells about several children of Chandrabhanu who became the rulers of the Sinhala section of Sri Lanka. It looks as though the children of Chandrabhanu finally became the kings of Sri Lanka (under different names) even though the father could not achieve it. 
Jaffna went to a Brahmin ruler from Rameshwaram in the service of the Pandya king named Arya Chakaravarthi (a name of a family). That family managed to create and hold on to Jaffna and its environs as a separate kingdom for almost 400 years.
Future Plan for Thunnalai.
As the War Relief Fund from International donors reaches Sri Lanka there are some plans to rebuild the broken infrastructure of Jaffna. Thunnalai may benefit from it by having a university campus build in its Vallipuram Temple area with the ancient holy sites.
Jaffna Development Blueprint

</doc>
<doc id="5847561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847561" title="Glossary of spirituality terms">
Glossary of spirituality terms

This is a glossary of spirituality-related terms. Spirituality is closely linked to religion.

</doc>
<doc id="5847564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847564" title="Krāslava District">
Krāslava District

Krāslava District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east. It was organized into two cities and twenty three parishes, each with a local government authority. The main city in the district was Krāslava.
The district was eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009, most of its part being divided between Dagda and Krāslava municipalities and three parishes in north-west joining Aglona Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5847566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847566" title="List of The Bold and the Beautiful cast members">
List of The Bold and the Beautiful cast members

The Bold and the Beautiful is an American television soap opera, created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. It first aired on March 23, 1987. Currently, John McCook (Eric Forrester) and Katherine Kelly Lang (Brooke Logan) are the two longest-running cast members, having appeared on the show when it first aired. The following list is of cast members who are currently present on the show: the main cast and recurring, or who are upcoming, returning or departing from the series.

</doc>
<doc id="5847567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847567" title="Zenrinkyo">
Zenrinkyo


</doc>
<doc id="5847578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847578" title="Senecio macroglossus">
Senecio macroglossus

Senecio macroglossus (Natal ivy, wax ivy) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to southern Africa, from Zimbabwe and Mozambique to eastern South Africa. Growing to or more, it is an evergreen climber with waxy triangualr leaves to long. Single, yellow, daisy-like composite flowerheads are borne in summer.
Despite its common name, and its resemblance to common ivy, it is not closely related to that group of plants. The Latin specific epithet "macroglossus" means "large tongue".
With a minimum temperature of , it is frequently grown as a houseplant in temperate regions. Numerous cultivars have been developed, of which 'Variegatus', with cream-coloured leaf margins, has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="5847579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847579" title="Burevestnik (sports society)">
Burevestnik (sports society)

Burevestnik (; English: Stormy Petrel) was the All-Union Voluntary Sports Society of students and teachers of the most part of high schools and universities in the USSR, established in 1957 (between 1936 and 1957 the society with the same name united workers of Trade Unions of the State trade and State institutions). 
Since 1959 the society was a member of the International University Sports Federation. In 1970 about 600 students' sport clubs with more than 1.5 million athletes (including 70,000 professors, lecturers and scientific workers) were members of the society. Educational institutions, in which the society operated, had 40 stadiums, 1,250 artistic gymnastics halls, 28 swimming pools and 550 sports camps.

</doc>
<doc id="5847586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847586" title="George Adlington Syme">
George Adlington Syme

Sir George Adlington Syme (13 July 1859 – 19 April 1929) was an Australian surgeon.
Early life and education.
Syme was born at Nottingham, England, and was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne. His father, George Alexander Syme (1821–1894), a brother of David Syme and Ebenezer Syme, was a graduate of the University of Aberdeen and became a Baptist clergyman in England. On account of failing health he followed his brother, David, to Australia in 1862 and joined the staff of "The Age". He became editor of the Leader from which he retired in 1885 and died on 31 December 1894. His son did a brilliant course at Melbourne University, graduating in 1881 with first-class honours in surgery, medicine and forensic medicine.
He continued his studies at King's College London, worked under Lister and gained his F.R.C.S. Eng. in 1885.
Career.
He returned to Melbourne and became examiner in anatomy, and physiology at the university. In 1888 he qualified for the degree of Ch. M. and in 1890 was acting-professor of anatomy. In 1893 he became honorary surgeon to in-patients at St Vincent's hospital, and held the same position at Melbourne hospital from 1903 to 1919. When war broke out he left Australia in December 1914 as lieutenant-colonel, and was chief of the surgical staff in No. 1 general hospital at Cairo. He was present at the landing at Gallipoli. Invalided to England he was consulting surgeon to the Australian Imperial Forces in London. 
He returned to Australia in 1916 and was attached to the Caulfield military hospital as surgeon. Syme was president of the Australian medical congress in 1923, and three times president of the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association. During the last two years of his life he was much interested in the formation of the Australasian College of Surgeons, of which he was the first president. On his retirement in 1924 he was presented with his portrait painted by Sir John Longstaff and subscribed for by members of his profession. In the same year he was created K.B.E. He died on 19 April 1929. He married Mabel Berry, who survived him with one son and three daughters. His portrait by Longstaff is in the Medical Society hall at Melbourne. 

</doc>
<doc id="5847591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847591" title="Liepāja District">
Liepāja District

Liepāja District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Courland region, in the country's west.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847596" title="Ottoman Court positions">
Ottoman Court positions

The Ottoman Court was an elaborate society of royalty and nobility. Beneath the ruling nobles however, existed a grand hierarchy of people, effectively slaves, who were the Sultan's to command as he pleased.
Şeyhülislam: The Şeyhülislam (the Ottoman rendering of the Arabic شيخ الإسلام) of the Ottoman Sultan was the supreme religious authority in the Ottoman Empire. This man who instructed the Sultan himself in affairs of the Qu'ran.
Kızlar Ağası: The Kızlar Ağası was the chief Black Eunuch of the Ottoman Seraglio. The title literally means "Chief of the Girls," and he was charged with the protection and maintenance of the harem women.
Kapı Ağası: Whereas the Kızlar Ağası was responsible for guarding the virtue of the odalisques, the Kapı Ağası was a chamberlain to the ladies. His name means "Lord of the Door," and he was the chief of the White Eunuchs, acting as a chief servant and procurer.
Bostancı-başı: The Bostancı-başı of the Ottoman Court was his Chief Executioner. The title directly translates as "Head Gardener" (Bostancı=Gardener, başı=head), and it was his job to quite literally "prune" the court of its dead weight and its bad apples.
Valide Sultan: The Valide Sultan was the mother of the reigning Sultan, and the most powerful woman in the Harem, not to mention the Empire. She was the absolute authority in the seraglio, and she, with the help of the Kapı Ağa and the Kızlar Ağası, often her confidantes, or even men she herself had chosen upon her accession, had a finger in every aspect of harem life.
Kadın: Among the women of the Imperial Harem, the Kadın is the woman (or women) who have given the Sultan a child, preferably a son. Their position as the possible mother of a future Sultan gives them much influence and power in the harem.
Ikbal: Beneath the Kadın was the Ikbal, the harem member with whom the Sultan had slept at least once. These women need not necessarily have given a child to the Sultan, but simply need to have taken his fancy. Many of these women were referred to as Gözde (meaning "Favorite"), or "in the Eye," having done just that: caught the eye of the Sultan.
Cariye: These were the women who served the Valide Sultan, Ikbal's, Kadin's and the Sultans children. They could be promoted to Kalfas which meant they were free and earned wages, otherwise they were the property of the Sultan and would reside in the Harem. Such women were free to go after 9 years of service.

</doc>
<doc id="5847599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847599" title="David Franzoni">
David Franzoni

David Harold Franzoni (born March 4, 1947) is an American screenwriter. His best-known screenplays include "King Arthur", "Gladiator", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Picture, "Amistad", and "Jumpin' Jack Flash".

</doc>
<doc id="5847615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847615" title="University Hills, Irvine, California">
University Hills, Irvine, California

University Hills is a community in southern Irvine, California, consisting of 940 for-sale homes and 240 rental units. Located on the campus of the University of California, Irvine, University Hills was developed by the Irvine Campus Housing Authority and built by local home builders as a place for faculty and staff of the university to find affordable, local housing. The land in University Hills is owned by the University of California and leased to homeowners; terms in the lease limit home ownership to university employees and restrict resale prices so that the homes remain affordable.
Geography.
University Hills, as its name suggests, consists of a hill. University Hills rises from East Peltason Drive which forms its northern boundary at approximately above sea level. There is a gradual rise for about half a mile until the hill levels off at about . As a result, from Vista Point on Urey Court, all of Irvine and most of Orange County is visible. University Hills is located on one of the northernmost and westernmost hills of the San Joaquin Hills.
History.
Although UCI had looked into creating faculty housing since 1969, no on-campus faculty-housing was built until the completion of the Las Lomas Apartments in 1982. Las Lomas, located on what would become the northwest end of University Hills, offered apartments to faculty members for rent. Soon after the completion of Las Lomas, the Irvine Campus Housing Authority (ICHA) was created and began construction on University Hills proper. The very first houses, completed in 1986, included a mixture of townhomes and detached houses; in addition, 13 lots were made available for custom-built homes. Construction on University Hills has proceeded in a number of small phases, consisting of a few streets each.
Beginning in 1987, University Hills residents became involved with a dispute with the Orange County tax assessor over their property taxes; the residents claimed that, since the land they lived on was owned by and part of a tax-exempt educational institution, they should only be assessed on the value of the buildings and not on the total value of the property. However, in 1992 the California Supreme Court ruled that the homes in the community did not meet the conditions of the tax exemption on land used for educational purposes.
Facilities.
Apartments, condominiums, townhomes, and detached houses are now available in sizes ranging from 800 to . Community amenities include Los Trancos Playground and Pool, located near the Las Lomas Apartments; Vista Bonita Park; the Garden Park; Reines Vista (named after Nobel physicist Frederick Reines); Urey Pool, Playground and Tennis Court; Gabrielino Pool; Gabrielino Community Park; and the Indy 500 Dog Park. In 1997, the Garden Park was awarded as an outstanding "Neighborhood Place in the Public Realm" by the American Institute of Architects. The Tierney University House, built in 2001, is a meeting site and home for the university chancellor, located in the southwest corner of University Hills. The University Hills Community Center, constructed in May 2010, provides places for the community to gather, hold meetings, and stage events. The community is also adjacent to a nature preserve traversed by many trails.
The University Montessori School, within University Hills, serves students up to the first grade. Although Vista Verde School is closer, the official Irvine Unified School District schools for University Hills are Turtle Rock Elementary School, Rancho San Joaquin Middle School, and University High School. The school district provides buses that carry the students approximately to Turtle Rock Elementary and approximately to Rancho.
Street names.
The main cross streets of University Hills are Los Trancos Drive, Gabrielino Drive, Vista Bonita Drive, and California Avenue. All other streets in University Hills are named after famous scientists, writers, artists, or musicians. In the initial phases of the community these names were assigned alphabetically, and included Alcott, Blake, Curie (named after both Pierre and Marie Curie), Dickens, Gibbs, Harvey, Locke, Mendel, Newton, Owen, and Perkins, Russell, Schubert, and Thompson, Urey, Virgil, Whitman, Whistler, Young, and Zola. Later names are not alphabetical, and include Bartok, Eliot, Handel, McClintock, Joyce, Murasaki, Fuertes, O'Keeffe, Frost, Twain, and Brontë.
Governing.
University Hills is governed by the Irvine Campus Housing Authority (ICHA) Board and administered by the ICHA management. There is a Homeowners Representative Board (HRB) which acts as an advocate for residents' concerns, but whose only formal power is architectural review.

</doc>
<doc id="5847620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847620" title="Basilone Bridge">
Basilone Bridge

The Basilone Bridge is a bridge on the New Jersey Turnpike (concurrency with Interstate 95) in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River. The bridge connects Edison Township on the north with New Brunswick on the south.
The bridge, which opened along with the Turnpike in 1951 is named for John Basilone, a World War II recipient of the Medal of Honor who grew up in nearby Raritan, New Jersey.
Historic sites.
Looking to the left when driving southbound, or to the right when driving northbound, the abandoned Staten Island Ferry MV Mary Murray is visible in a boat junk yard near Edison.

</doc>
<doc id="5847622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847622" title="Corvallis High School (Oregon)">
Corvallis High School (Oregon)

Corvallis High School, known as CHS, is a four-year public secondary school in Corvallis, Oregon, United States.
Building.
1910 Structure.
The original Corvallis High School was opened in February 1910 on 6th Street between Monroe Avenue and Madison Avenue, becoming the first dedicated high school in Corvallis. Prior to the construction, all grades were housed in Corvallis Central School which was built in 1889 and was located one block west on 7th Street. This new high school was built in an Arts and Crafts style. The structure was built of masonry and featured two stories on top of a daylight basement. In 1917, the structure was expanded and remodeled. The Arts and Crafts styling did not remain with the remodel and was changed to a Beaux-Arts style facade. A gymnasium was also added to the structure during this time. When the 1935 high school opened, the 1910 building was converted to use as the junior high school until it was destroyed by fire in 1946.
1935 Structure.
In the 1930s, Corvallis High School had reached a population of 650 students in a structure that was intended for 400. It was decided that a larger high school needed to be constructed. In 1933, the citizens of Corvallis passed a local bond to pay for the construction. This allowed the school district to apply for a Public Works Administration grant and loan, which was awarded in January 1934. The Portland firm of Whitehouse, Stanton, and Church were selected to design the new school. The Corvallis School District selected the site for the new high school on 11th Street, which was on the far northwest edge of town. This new building was an Art Deco structure and was completed in 1935. The project cost $316,000. The building was added onto multiple times in the 50's and 60's with the addition of the science and library wing as well as the cafeteria and large gym addition.
In the spring of 2000, after the district finished a seismic analysis of its 17 schools, it was decided that the building was unsafe for student use. A group was put together to decide whether a replacement school should be built on the existing site or at an alternative location. It was decided that the replacement should be built on the existing site, favoring the central location over the opportunity to gain more land at an alternative location. This decision also required the old building to be demolished which upset some citizens who believed the building to be a historic treasure to the town.
In an effort to save the structure, the building was nominated and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. However, in the spring of 2004, construction began on the new building and the historic building was later demolished, and thus it was removed from the register. Several small architectural items from the original school were salvaged and used in the new building, including two of the brass chandeliers from the school's original auditorium, and two wrought iron 'Juliet'-style decorative balconies from the school's east-facing facade which were integrated into the new theater.
2005 Structure.
After the seismic analysis in 2000, it was decided that a new high school needed to be built. The citizens of Corvallis passed an $86.4 million bond measure in 2002 to replace the high school as well as two middle schools and also update/renovate other schools in the district. Construction began in 2004 on the same lot as the second building in the old student parking lot, tennis courts, and football field/track while classes continued in the old school. The second Corvallis High School structure was torn down in the summer of 2005 and was replaced with a softball field and a parking lot. The original front parking lot still remains as well as several auxiliary buildings along Dixon Creek that were built in the 1960s.
This third Corvallis High School building was opened in the fall of 2005 facing Buchanan Street. Originally slated to be opened in January 2006, construction was far enough along to allow the 2005-06 school year to start in the new structure while construction continued on-site until the spring of 2006. The cost of construction for the school was $46,000,000 and was designed by Dull Olsen Weekes Architects of Portland. In designing this new school, conscientious effort was made to build an energy-efficient, sustainable school, achieving a LEED silver rating for high performance buildings. The school is expected to use 30% less energy then one built to standard Oregon code.
Academics.
In 2008, 73% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 362 students, 263 graduated, 80 dropped out, 2 received a modified diploma, and 17 are still in high school.
Athletics.
CHS is a member of the Mid-Willamette Conference, Class 5A in the Oregon School Activities Association (OSAA).
Activities.
Yearbook.
The school's yearbook is the Chintimini.
FIRST Robotics.
Team 997 Spartan Robotics was ranked 5th in the nation during the 2007 FIRST National Competition at Atlanta, Georgia, after winning at both the Portland and Sacramento Regionals. Team 997 ranked 1st in the 2010 Autodesk Oregon regional competition, making it to Atlanta for a second time.
The team also received the FIRST cooperation award at the 2012 Oregon regionals. In 2014 the team went to Atlanta a third time to compete in the 2014 FIRST World championships.
Theater.
Corvallis High School's Theater department offers opportunities for students to learn about professional theater in a High School environment. The Corvallis High School theater is a multi million dollar theater that seats 620 people. It is equipped with a 50 foot fly tower, a full set of drapes, as well as sufficient backstage space and an orchestra pit. The theater possesses a state-of-the-art sound and light system controlled by ETC expression and a 24-channel Soundcraft Series 2 mixer. The facility also includes a shop, dressing rooms, and a black box theater. The entire facility is available for rental upon request. CSD theaters puts on two to three plays yearly, performed and staffed primarily by students. The Theater Program also hosts two classes: Intro to Theater, and Advanced Theater, which are open to students attending Corvallis High School. The program is currently run by Laura Beck-Ard and Elizabeth Wyatt.
Notable alumni.
Corvallis High School has a number of notable alumni:

</doc>
<doc id="5847623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847623" title="Sakon">
Sakon

Sakon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5847624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847624" title="Ben Frost (musician)">
Ben Frost (musician)

Ben Frost (born 1980) is an Australian composer and producer. He is based in Reykjavík, Iceland. Frost composes minimalist, instrumental and experimental music.
His albums include: "Steel Wound" (2003), "School of Emotional Engineering" (as part of the band School of Emotional Engineering) (2004) "Theory of Machines" (2007) and "By The Throat" (2009), "Sólaris" (with Daníel Bjarnason) (2011), and "A U R O R A" (2014). He has collaborated with contemporary dance companies Chunky Move, the Icelandic Dance Company and the British choreographer Wayne McGregor. He composed the music for Wayne McGregor's dance "Far". Frost co-composed with Daníel Bjarnason, "Music for Solaris", which was inspired by both Stanislaw Lem's original novel and the 1972 Tarkovsky film "Solaris". It was performed by Frost, Bjarnason and Sinfonietta Cracovia. He composed the music for the films, "Sleeping Beauty", "In Her Skin" and Icelandic drama "The Deep" In 2013, in his first directorial role, he premiered a music-theatre adaptation of the Iain Banks novel "The Wasp Factory".

</doc>
<doc id="5847627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847627" title="Ray Baker">
Ray Baker

Ray Baker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5847635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847635" title="Bukidnon State University">
Bukidnon State University

Bukidnon State University is a state university located in Malaybalay City, Bukidnon, Philippines. The school was formerly known as Bukidnon State College.
It is the only university in the Province of Bukidnon that carries the name of Bukidnon in its official name.
History.
Originally known as Bukidnon Provincial High School, Bukidnon State College started as a two-year secondary school in 1924. Upon the authority of the Director of Education, William H. Pickell, who was an American school superintendent for Bukidnon, established the school. It was first set up to train elementary school teachers for the provinces of Northern Mindanao and the neighboring regions. 
It was renamed Bukidnon Normal School in 1929. During that time, it offered a four-year secondary normal curriculum, becoming one of five full-fledged secondary normal schools in the country. The student population was 70 for the entire four-year secondary course. Although the curriculum is American in orientation, the majority of the students are native inhabitants of Malaybalay. 
The school was closed on December 9, 1941 and did not reopen after World War II. It was reactivated on September 1, 1945 but since its facilities were completely damaged, classes were held in army tents at the provincial capitol grounds and in private homes. Rehabilitation work for the school’s facilities lasted until the 1950s using the money from the war damage claims.
In 1952-1953, the secondary normal curriculum was phased out giving way to a two-year special education curriculum. The gradual elimination of the secondary education ended in 1956 with the full implementation of the two-year collegiate course. The first batch, comprising nine students, graduated the Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education in March 1957. In the same year, the two-year special curriculum was phased out and the school gained the status of a degree-granting institution. In the same year, a kindergarten school was also established.
In 1960, the graduate department was created offering for the first time, a master’s degree in education to encourage teachers to take advanced studies. Ten years later, external graduate studies centers were organized in a number of provinces and cities outside of Bukidnon in cooperation with the school divisions of the Department of Education to extend the services of the College to working teachers wanted to enroll in courses leading to Master of Arts in Education. 
On December 15, 1961, Bukidnon Normal School was declared separate school division by virtue of Circular No. 33, s. 1961 issued by the Bureau of Public Schools, thus ending 37 years of administrative control by the division superintendent of schools for Bukidnon. In 1969, Master of Arts was offered in the school and in 1971, a Bachelor of Science in Secondary Education (BSSE) was offered. With the establishment of the BSE in Secondary Education, a high school laboratory, serving as its laboratory school, was established on the same year.
In 1969, Benjamin Tabios, former House Representative of Bukidnon, filed House Bill 18779 proposing the change of the school’s name from Bukidnon Normal School to Bukidnon Normal College, but was not enacted. A new bill sponsored by Cesar Fortich, House of Representative of Bukidnon, in 1972 converting the school to a state college—Bukidnon State College—although its conversion came was cancelled after the declaration of Martial Law in the Philippines on September 21, 1972. 
On June 14, 1976, Presidential Decree No. 944 converted the Bukidnon Normal School into a chartered state college and changing its name to Bukidnon State College, together with other schools in the country such as the Cebu Normal School, Leyte Normal School and Northern Luzon Teachers College into chartered state colleges. Jaime M. Gellor was appointed as the first president of the school. He served as president from 1976 to 1986.
The EDSA Revolution saw a change in the leadership of the school. The former president of the school was ousted and replaced by Godofredo L. Ycaro as officer-in-charge of the College. Teresita T. Tumapon was then inaugurated as the new president of the College in December 1986. During her time, linkages were opened for the school both in national and international academic circles. This period of time also saw the improvement of the school’s infrastructure, educational facilities, equipment and technology. Foreign experts, brought about by the internal linkages of the College, were brought in the school improving the schools technology and instruction.
On February 1, 1999, Victor M. Barroso, the current school president, was appointed as the new school president. The College has five schools offering undergraduate programs: School of Education, School of Arts and Sciences, School of Business Administration and Information Technology and the School of Graduate Studies. The School of Community Education and Industrial Technology and School of Nursing and the School of Law was later established.
On May 15, 2007, during the Fiesta celebration of Malaybalay City, Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, President of the Philippines, signed Republic Act 9456 converting Bukidnon State College into Bukidnon State University, with endorsement from the House of Representatives and the Senate. BSU formally inaugurated its university status on June 14, 2007.
Academic units.
Professional school.
The Graduate School is the main professional education division of Bukidnon State University. The postgraduate school offers doctoral degrees in Instructional Systems Design, Public Administration, Science Education (major in Mathematics and Biology), Educational Leadership, and Education Administration.
It has a Master of Arts in Education with specialization on the following areas:
Aside from M.A. Education, the college offers a Master of Arts in Science Education (Biology/General Science) and Master in Public Administration.
College of Law.
The College of Law, established in 2003, is one of the professional schools in the university. It offers the Bachelor of Laws (LLB) degree.
Undergraduate schools.
College Of Nursing.
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
College of Arts and Sciences.
Bachelor of Arts major in:
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics
College of Teacher Education.
Bachelor of Elementary Education Major in:
Bachelor of Secondary Education Major in:
Certificate of Teaching (CT)
Laboratory schools.
Since the school was primarily a teacher training institution during its establishment years, it provided laboratory schools for its Bachelor in Elementary Education and Bachelor of Secondary School courses. The laboratory schools served as the training ground where the education students of the university will have their on-the-job (OJT) training. The following laboratory schools are established:

</doc>
<doc id="5847636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847636" title="Ben Frost (artist)">
Ben Frost (artist)

Ben Frost (born Brisbane, Australia) is a visual artist whose work seeks to challenge contemporary norms and values of Western culture and society. Frost’s visual work places common iconic images from advertising, entertainment, and politics into startling juxtapositions that are often confrontational and controversial. He currently lives and works in Sydney, Australia, and exhibits locally and internationally.
The title 'Ben Frost is Dead' comes from his 2000 solo exhibition of the same name where he faked his own death. Invitations were created in the form of a newspaper funeral notice and distributed nation-wide. Newspapers labelled him 'sick' and his actions 'perverse,' when, by complete coincidence, the invitations went out on the same day a local art patron died.
The collaborative exhibition 'Colossus' with Roderick Bunter in 2000 at the Institute of Modern Art in Brisbane featured a 12m x 2.4m mural by the artists, called 'Where Do You Want To Go Today?'. The mural featured controversial imagery, including masturbating cartoon characters amongst a pastiche of advertising icons. The work was a statement on society's continuing loss of innocence. In the final week of the exhibition, a disgruntled viewer entered the gallery and slashed one of the paintings with a knife. Police requested the exhibition be closed. In 2002, he exhibited at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Sydney as part of 'Primavera: Young Artists Under 35', where the same painting - 'Where do You Want To Go Today?' - was exhibited. Police again requested the painting be removed due to public concern.
The next year, he moved to Tokyo, where he contributed as an illustrator to magazines such as Black + White, Blue, and Men's Style for more than 3 years.
In 2005, he moved to Sydney, where he continues to live and work. That same year, he started the online art store and blog portal Stupid Krap, which continues to support and represent a number of notable Australian emerging artists including Anthony Lister, Numskull, Beastman, Kareena Zerefos, E.L.K, Mark Drew, HA-HA, Kill Pixie, and Bridge Stehli. Stupid Krap is currently located in a two-level warehouse in Annandale, which also incorporates Stupid Krap Studios - a multi-disciplinary art collective of ten established and emerging artists.
Frost has been exhibiting throughout Australia and internationally over the last 10 years, including solo shows in London, New York, and San Francisco, as well as group shows in Amsterdam, Berlin, Mongolia, and Singapore. In 2007, Frost participated in Tiger Translate in Beijing, collaborating with local Chinese artists.
Frost is currently self-represented in Sydney, and has had shows in several galleries overseas, including Brooklynite Gallery in New York, and Opus, Zero Cool, and Cosh galleries in the UK.
His work has appeared in countless magazines and newspapers including Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Oyster, WeAr, Monster Children, The Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, Ok!, HQ, Eyeline, FHM, Australian Art Collector, Broadsheet, and Art Monthly.
His television appearances include Rush TV in 2010 (ABC3), The Apprentice in 2009 (channel 9), The Barefoot Investor in 2009 (CNBC), Sunrise in 2008 (channel 7), and Today Tonight in 2008 (channel 7).
In 2008, he was a guest speaker at the Semi-Permanent and AG IDEAS conferences throughout Australia. 
His work is in the collections of Kerry Stokes, Art Bank, Griffith University, and numerous local and international locations.
Another of his paintings made news in 2007, prompting this story by Anna Edwards, on MX via news.com.au, on July 18, 2007 - Fury at drug-taking kids painting
External links.
List of Australian artists

</doc>
<doc id="5847637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847637" title="Ludza District">
Ludza District

Ludza District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east. 
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847650" title="Glossary of education terms">
Glossary of education terms

The follow articles comprise the Glossary of education-related terms:

</doc>
<doc id="5847660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847660" title="Ukon">
Ukon

Ukon may refer to different subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="5847675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847675" title="Buffalo network-attached storage series">
Buffalo network-attached storage series

The Buffalo network-attached storage series are network-attached storage devices.
They can be modified into miniature general purpose Linux-based computers. The LinkStation and TeraStation are intended for the general public, while the Kuro Box is intended for expert hackers as a cheap platform for Linux development.
These devices have undergone various improvements since they were first produced.
For example, the first generation of this device had a 100BASE-T network adapter using a Parallel ATA hard drive. The current version has a 1000BASE-T-capable connection and uses the Serial ATA interface.
Older generations of the device used PowerPC and MIPS processors, while the latest version of the device
uses an ARM architecture processor.
LinkStation.
The LinkStation is a PowerPC, MIPS or ARM based network attached storage appliance sold in North America, Europe and Japan, that is significantly notable among the Linux community both in Japan and in the US/Europe for being "hackable" into a generic Linux appliance and made to do tasks other than the file storage task for which it was designed.
The Linkstation has Ethernet, USB, and serial ports, but does not have a video output. It is made by Buffalo Technology a division of Melco. Produced in Japan, as of 2006 it is also available at American retailers such as Best Buy and CompUSA, as well as in Europe.
Kuro Box.
The Kuro Box is the name for a series of PowerPC and ARM processor based computers intended for use as a Network-attached storage device. The original Kuro Box was made from spare hardware components the manufacturer had from the Linkstation. Recent versions of the Kuro Box use later Linkstation hardware or hardware very similar to that of the Linkstation.
All Kuro Box versions are provided without a hard drive. The case has the same physical dimensions and shape as the corresponding LinkStation, but it is black in color and has the Japanese symbols for "Kuro Box" (玄箱, meaning "a box operated by an expert with esoteric knowledge") in silver lettering on the side panel. The name is also a pun because "kuro" (different kanji: 黒) also means 'black'.
TeraStation.
The TeraStation is a Network-attached storage device using a PowerPC or ARM architecture processor similar to the LinkStation. It uses four internal Hard drives mounted in a RAID array. It comes in a grey or black cube shaped box depending on the model. Since January 2012, the TeraStation uses LIO for its iSCSI target.
Linux community.
LinkStation.
As the device runs on Linux, and included changes to the Linux source code, Buffalo was required to release their modified versions of Source code as per the terms of the GNU General Public License. Due to the availability of source code and the relatively low cost of the device, there are several community projects centered around it. There are two main replacement firmwares available for the device: the first is OpenLink which is based on the official Buffalo firmware with some improvements and features added. The other is FreeLink, which is a Debian distribution.
Kurobox.
The product was designed by the manufacturer to accept a user-supplied Linux distribution. Several including a Kurobox-specific distribution called Sylver, Debian, Gentoo Linux, and Fedora Core have been ported to it by various user groups in both the US/Europe, and Japan.
TeraStation.
Like the LinkStation the device runs its own version of Linux. Debian and Gentoo Linux distributions and NetBSD are reported to have been ported to it.
Uses.
The device in various iterations ships with its own Universal Plug and Play protocol for distribution of multimedia stored on the device. It can also be configured as a variety of different media servers TwonkyVision Media server, a SlimServer/SqueezeCenter server, an iTunes server using the Digital Audio Access Protocol, a Samba server, an LIO iSCSI target, MLDonkey client, as well as a Network File System server for Posix-based systems. For use as a backup server, it can be modified to use it with Rsync to back up or synchronize data from one or many computers in the network pushing their data, or even having the LinkStation pulling the data from remote servers—beside the use of the Buffalo-provided backup software for Windows. It has also found use in a number of other ways, notably through its USB interface which comes configured as a Print server but can also use the Common Unix Printing System to act as such for a USB Printer. Users have managed to get it to use a number of other USB devices with the version 2.6 Linux kernel's enhanced USB support. Additionally, because the Apache HTTP Server software is already installed for the purpose of providing the Buffalo configuration screens, the device is easily converted to be a lightweight web server (with the Buffalo content deleted) and then can serve any content of the operator's choice.

</doc>
<doc id="5847676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847676" title="Nova Scotia Route 303">
Nova Scotia Route 303

Route 303 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Digby County and connects the Bay Ferries Limited terminal at Pollys Point where the ferry to Saint John, New Brunswick docks, with Conway at Exit 26 on Highway 101.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5847679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847679" title="First Blood (band)">
First Blood (band)

First Blood is a metallic hardcore band from San Francisco, CA. Their Trustkill Records debut album is titled "Killafornia". Four years later they released "Silence Is Betryal" on Bullet Tooth Records.
Background.
The band's eponymously titled debut EP was released in 2003. In 2004 they released a split EP with Blacklisted, titled "The Dead Man's Hand". In 2006, First Blood released their debut full-length album "Killafornia" through Trustkill Records hit.
First Blood went on tour in 2006 with Ignite, Comeback Kid, The Red Chord, Sick Of It All, Stretch Arm Strong, and more as well as an appearance at The New England Metal Fest on Saturday April 29.
During 2007, the band toured extensively with the likes of Full Blown Chaos, Since the Flood and Death Before Dishonor with more US dates to come.

</doc>
<doc id="5847689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847689" title="Blacke's Magic">
Blacke's Magic

"Blacke's Magic" is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC from January to May 1986. The series stars Hal Linden as magician Alexander Blacke who, with some help from his con-man father Leonard (Harry Morgan), solves mysteries that get in the way of his performances. The series aired for a total of thirteen episodes and featured crimes that tested logic against seemingly magical crimes. The stories were not so much whodunits as "how-he-do-its," for Alex Blacke often had to turn detective to solve the mysteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5847690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847690" title="Rogue River High School">
Rogue River High School

Rogue River High School is a public high school located in Rogue River, Oregon, United States.
Academics.
In 2008, 83% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 84 students, 70 graduated, 6 dropped out, and 8 are still in high school.
Athletics.
Rogue River's high school athletic program began around the time the school did. The mascot is known as the "Chieftains" and the team colors are forest green and gold. They are all referred to sometimes as the "Chiefs" (boys) and "Lady Chiefs" (girls). The athletic director is Jennifer Bakker.
They are a member in good standing of the Oregon School Activities Association and participate in the Southern Cascade League. All teams currently play in Class 3A based on school enrollment.
Track and Field started at the high school with a state meet appearance in 1931 where Ralph Fredricks won the state meet in the pole vault with a vault of .
Since 1931 there has been a total of 27 Boys State Champions and 16 girls State Champions The girls at Rogue River as well as most of the schools in the state have only been competing in a State Championship in Track and Field since 1968. The girls have also had 4 State Record holders and were the first girls team to win back to back state championships. Kitsy Hall broke the National High School javelin record in 1977 with a throw of .

</doc>
<doc id="5847691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847691" title="KUCO-HD2">
KUCO-HD2

KUCO-HD2 (90.1 HD2, "UCentral Radio") is the student radio station in Edmond, Oklahoma, on the campus of The University of Central Oklahoma. "UCentral Radio" broadcasts all across Oklahoma City on the HD 2 side channel of the university's classical music station 90.1 KUCO. The station can also be heard online at UCentralMedia.com, iTunes radio, and on iPhones via the Intercollegiate Broadcasting System College Radio Tuner. The station is on-air 24 hours a day with live jocks. UCentral Radio is part of the UCentral student media network at the University of Central Oklahoma.
Format.
UCentral Radio is a Hot Adult Contemporary radio station that plays "UCO's Best Mix" featuring artists such as Coldplay, Paramore, Katy Perry, Daughtry, Kelly Clarkson, The All American Rejects, Death Cab for Cutie, Foo Fighters, Green Day, Pink, Maroon 5, and Snow Patrol.
Edmond High School Football.
During the fall football season, UCentral Radio airs home games from all three Edmond High Schools. Live play by play coverage and color commentary is given by students within the Mass Communication Department's Professional Media Program.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="5847692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847692" title="Preiļi District">
Preiļi District

Preiļi District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east. It bordered the former districts of Jēkabpils, Madona, Rēzekne, Krāslava and Daugavpils.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847705" title="I Remember Yesterday">
I Remember Yesterday

I Remember Yesterday is the fifth studio album by American singer Donna Summer. May 13, 1977, seven months after the release of her previous album and peaked at number eighteen on the US Billboard 200, number eleven on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number three on the UK Albums Chart. The entire album charted as one entry at number one on the Hot Dance/Disco chart. Like her previous three albums, it was a concept album, this time seeing Summer combining the recent disco sound with various sounds of the past.--> "I Remember Yesterday" includes the singles "Can't We Just Sit Down (And Talk It Over)", "I Feel Love", the title track, "Love's Unkind" and "Back in Love Again". "I Feel Love" and "Love's Unkind" proved to be the album's most popular and enduring hits, the former of which came to be one of Summer's signature songs.
With the exception of the ballad "Can't We Just Sit Down (And Talk It Over)", all the songs were written in collaboration by Summer, Giorgio Moroder and Pete Bellotte. The album was recorded in Munich at Musicland Studios and Arco Studios with Summer's long-term collaborators and production team headed by producers Moroder and Bellotte. Arrangements were handled by Thor Baldursson. The artwork was designed by Gribbitt! with photography by Victor Skrebneski.
Music.
Side One of the LP saw Summer "remembering yesterday" by combining the electronic disco sound with sounds of the 1920s ("I Remember Yesterday"), 1950s ("Love's Unkind") and 1960s ("Back in Love Again"). Side Two consisted of two pop/disco tracks, a ballad and finished with a disco song supposedly representing "the future" that would become one of the most famous songs of that genre - "I Feel Love".
As with Summer's last few albums, different record labels distributed her work in different nations. Some of the labels chose to release the ballad "Can't We Just Sit Down (And Talk It Over)" as the first single, with "I Feel Love" as the B-side. However, the impact of the song was so huge that it was soon released internationally as an A-side. Previous disco tracks had usually been backed by an acoustic orchestra, and it has been reported that this was the first ever track to use an entirely synthesized backing track, which would later help develop genres of music such as dance and techno. Summer's repetitive vocals over the backing track helped make the song a massive hit. It finally gave her a follow-up in the US to her initial hit ("Love to Love You Baby"), and made number six on the Hot 100 singles chart. It was also a huge hit in Europe, and became a number one hit in the UK. "I Feel Love" firmly put Donna Summer in her place as the leading female artist of disco music.
Image.
Summer's sexually-oriented image seemed less prominent on this album, perhaps due to the slight departure from the regular disco sound and the fusion of this sound with the older sounding songs. In fact the lyrics to "Love's Unkind" in particular were very non-sexual compared to many of the love-themed songs Summer had recorded (the songs tells the story of a schoolgirl with a crush on one of her classmates). A couple of the "newer" styled songs on Side Two were slightly more of a sexual nature - namely "Take Me" and "I Feel Love". Around the same time as the album's release, Summer would further her reputation as a serious and credible artist when she was asked to record the theme song for the film "The Deep" by famous British composer John Barry. The song, "Down Deep Inside" was also released as a single and became another hit for Summer (Top five in the UK).
Release and reception.
No doubt helped by the phenomenal success of "I Feel Love", the "I Remember Yesterday" album became her biggest so far. It went Top 20 in the US being certified Platinum by the RIAA and made number three in the UK (to this day her highest placing for an album in that country). It produced several more hit singles in Europe, notably the title track (a UK Top 20 hit) and "Love's Unkind", which became a number three hit in the UK, making it one of her biggest and mostly remembered hits there. "Back in Love Again" was also a European single and became a Top 40 in the UK as well.
Album cover.
The album back cover features a provocative image of Summer posing in a long skirt, in a spread-eagle squat, with hands crossed at her crotch. The image was used for the single release of "Can't We Just Sit Down (And Talk It Over)" b/w "I Feel Love", and later as the image for the "I Feel Love" single when it became a smash hit.

</doc>
<doc id="5847707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847707" title="McMaster Faculty of Social Sciences">
McMaster Faculty of Social Sciences

The McMaster Faculty of Social Sciences is a division of McMaster University. It offers a wide range of undergraduate programmes through the Faculty's academic units, as well as Master's and Doctoral programmes. 
Departments of the Faculty of Social Sciences.
The Faculty of Social Sciences at McMaster University has a variety of different departments offering various courses. There are 11 different departments that make up the Faculty of Social Sciences including the following;
Rankings.
According to the 2011 Higher Education Evaluation & Accreditation Council of Taiwan (HEEACT), McMaster Social Sciences is ranked 54th (up from 58th in 2010, 65th in 2009 and 78th in 2008) in the world and 4th in Canada after the University of Toronto, University of British Columbia and McGill University. Shanghai Jiao Tong University ranked the faculty as 41st in the world in 2013, rising from 43rd in 2012, and 49th in 2011, and 2nd in Canada after just the University of British Columbia.
McMaster Social Sciences Society.
Established in 1988, the McMaster Social Sciences Society, commonly called MSSS ("The M-Triple-S"), is composed of undergraduate Social Sciences students enrolled in 3 or more two-term courses in an academic session. The Society represents its members on committees, is a point of contact with the campus-wide McMaster Students Uniom, organizes social and academic events, and provides funding support to student clubs relating to academic departments in the Faculty of Social Sciences.
Events organized by the Society include an annual formal, and participation in both McMaster's frosh week (titled "Welcome Week") and the McMaster Students Union Olympics. While all executives have a say in the workings and events of the MSSS, there is an executive member elected to specialize in one field of the Society's operations. Elections for these positions occur yearly and are open only to students in the Faculty of Social Sciences. The Society's office is located in the Commons Building.
The Blue Crew.
The group known as the "Blue Crew" is street team of the MSSS led by the current "Spirit Leader" executive(s). Their name originates from the characteristic bright blue jumpsuits they wear on the job. As a university adaptation of a street team, they double as peer mentors and orientation volunteers. Any Social Science student is welcomed to join and, mostly due to this, there has never been a full list of members. Meaning most members of the Crew remain anonymous to the general public, credited for their work only as a collective.

</doc>
<doc id="5847710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847710" title="Go Tell It on the Mountain (song)">
Go Tell It on the Mountain (song)

"Go Tell It on the Mountain" is an African-American spiritual song, compiled by John Wesley Work, Jr., dating back to at least 1865, that has been sung and recorded by many gospel and secular performers. It is considered a Christmas carol because its original lyrics celebrate the Nativity of Jesus: 
Recording artists.
In 1963, the musical team Peter, Paul and Mary, along with their musical director, Milt Okun, adapted and rewrote "Go Tell It on the Mountain" as "Tell It on the Mountain", their lyrics referring specifically to Exodus and using the phrase "Let my people go," but referring implicitly to the Civil Rights struggle of the early 1960s. According to Religious Studies professor and Civil Rights historian Charles Marsh, it was African American Civil Rights leader Fannie Lou Hamer who combined this song with the spiritual "Go Down Moses," taking the last line of the chorus, "Let my people go" and substituting it in the chorus of "Go Tell it on the Mountain" (Marsh, Charles, "God's Long Summer", Princeton, 1997, page 47). Marsh does not document this claim, but given that Hamer was highly active in Civil Rights work beginning in the 1950s, and that the use of the Exodus story and the singing of spirituals played a central role in her activities, this claim is compelling. The song was recorded by Yarrow, Stookey and Travers on their Peter, Paul and Mary album "In the Wind" and was also a moderately successful single for them. (US #33 pop, 1964). A version by Little Big Town reached the Top 40 on the Hot Country Songs charts, reaching #35.
Other artists who have recorded the song (chiefly on either Christmas-themed music albums or collections of spirituals or folk songs) include:
Trivia.
This song was used by Evil Dead (2013 film) characters in Scary Movie 5 (sometimes called "Scary Movie").

</doc>
<doc id="5847720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847720" title="Rēzekne District">
Rēzekne District

Rēzekne District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's east.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5847727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847727" title="Redmond High School (Oregon)">
Redmond High School (Oregon)

Redmond High School is a public high school located in Redmond, Oregon, United States.
Academics.
The Redmond School District has earned a well deserved reputation for strong schools that offer a wide range of opportunities for students. It is our goal that all graduates have the knowledge and skills of highly literate students; students who are college and/or career ready and have the tools necessary to be successful.
Advanced Placement Program.
The Advanced Placement Program (AP) enables students to pursue college-level studies — with the opportunity to earn college credit, advanced placement or both — while still in high school. Many students choose to take the Advanced Placement classes offered through RHS for its challenging nature and potential for college credit. As an additional alternative, RHS offers co-enrollment with Central Oregon Community College (COCC) for college credit.

</doc>
<doc id="5847742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847742" title="The Stains (Maine)">
The Stains (Maine)

The Stains were a well known punk band to come from Portland, Maine in the early 1980s and were led by guitarist George Ripley and vocalist Dave Buxton, Beth Blood and Ira Nulton on bass as well as Joe Potter on drums. Lead guitarists in the studio and in live performance included Dave Morton, Steve Soma, Marc English, Gary Gogel, and Roger Miller. The Stains released a 7" EP on Gutterworst records with the songs "Feel Guilty" and "Give Ireland Back To The Snakes" on one side, and "Sick Of Being Sick" and "Submission" on the other. A posthumous LP was released on the same label in 1989 featuring 15 more songs recorded between 1979 and 1983Ripley and Potter along with Beth Blood moved on to form a garage rock band called GHOST WALKS.[http://web.archive.org/web/20060313012135/http://www.podcastdirectory.com/podcasts/index.php?iid=2392.
The Portland Stains are often mistaken as being from Boston, perhaps because they moved to Boston in 1981 and possibly because of some confusion with Steve Stain, a Boston-area punk performance artist who often borrowed musicians from various Boston rock bands to back him up when he was performing. Sometimes he billed his impromptu band as "The Stains".[http://www.rockinboston.com/thayerst.htm]
For further information on either band, refer to www.thestains.com, gutterworstmusic and thestainsfromportlandme at myspace. Coming soon ghostwalksfromportlandme at myspace.

</doc>
<doc id="5847746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847746" title="Saldus District">
Saldus District

Saldus District () was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Courland region, in the country's west.
Districts were eliminated during the administrative-territorial reform in 2009.
Culture.
Zvērā is an annual non-commercial rock music festival held near Lašupe, former Saldus District, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="5847748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847748" title="McMaster Faculty of Science">
McMaster Faculty of Science

The Faculty of Science is one of six faculties at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Departments, Schools and Programs of the Faculty of Science.
There are 8 departments, 2 independent programs and an interdisciplinary school in the Faculty of Science, as follows:
Scientific Research.
Many discoveries have been made at McMaster University such as the development of neutron spectroscopy by Bertram Brockhouse which earned him a Nobel Prize in Physics in 1994. 
Under the presidency of Dr. H.G. Thode in the 1960s, scientific research at McMaster was intensive and yielded important discoveries in the areas of science and engineering. In 1959, McMaster's Nuclear Reactor was built for the purpose of nuclear and medical radiation research. McMaster is the only Canadian university that safely contains a nuclear reactor in their campus. Scientific research at McMaster University earned the university high rankings in the areas of research and strength in science.

</doc>
<doc id="5847752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847752" title="WLDE">
WLDE

WLDE is an FM radio station from Fort Wayne, Indiana, which broadcasts a classic hits format. The station operates on the FM radio frequency of 101.7 MHz. Popular personalities during the week are "Jim and Carrie," "Captain Chris," and "Dr. Dave."
Station history.
As WEZV.
The station's original call letters were WEZV from July 1979 to August 1990. WEZV aired a beautiful music format that achieved high ratings in adult demographics in Fort Wayne.
As WJLT.
The station's second call letters were WJLT from August 1990 to March 1994. WJLT, "Lite 101.7," was an effort to evolve the station's beautiful music format to soft adult contemporary, which met with only limited success due to competitor WAJI 95.1's massive ratings with its AC format.
As WLDE.
As WLDE, it originally broadcast oldies music, but slowly evolved into a classic hits format as their main playlist dropped pre-1964 music in favor of music up to 1979. Beginning in 2008, 1980s music was added to the playlist as 1960s music slowly began getting phased out. 

</doc>
<doc id="5847760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847760" title="McMaster Faculty of Humanities">
McMaster Faculty of Humanities

The Faculty of Humanities is one of six faculties at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and offers degrees in a number of different subject areas, including:
Art,
Art History,
Communication Studies,
Classics,
Comparative Literature,
Cultural Studies & Critical Theory,
English,
French,
History,
Linguistics & Languages,
Multimedia,
Music,
Peace Studies,
Philosophy,
Theatre & Film,
Women Studies

</doc>
<doc id="5847793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847793" title="The Elf Maiden">
The Elf Maiden

The Elf Maiden is a Lapp fairy tale, collected by J. C. Poestion in "Lapplandische Märchen". Andrew Lang included it in "The Brown Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
Two men fell in love with the same maiden. One day, on a fishing expedition, one of them noticed she favored the other. He tricked him into staying behind on the island. 
The stranded man survived there until Christmas, when he saw a company coming. It included two young women who were better dressed than the others. They saw him sitting by a bundle of sticks, and one of them, to find out what he was made of, pinched him. Her fingers caught a pin, and it drew blood. The rest of the company fled, leaving behind the maiden and a ring of keys. She told him that he had drawn her blood and must marry her. He objected that they could not survive on this island, and she promised to provide. He married her, and she did provide, though he never saw how.
When his people were going to return to fish, they went to the other side of the island. His wife told him not to stir during the night, whatever he heard. A great clatter, like carpentry, arose, and he nearly jumped up before he remembered. But in the morning, a fine house had been built for them. She then told him to pick a place for a cow-shed, and it was built in the same manner, though they had no cows.
She then took him to visit her parents. They were made welcome, but when time came to leave, his wife warned him to jump quickly over the threshold. He did, and her father threw a hammer at him that would have broken his legs if he had not moved quickly. Then his wife told him not to turn around until he was inside their home, whatever he heard. He heard cattle following. When he had his hand on the door, he thought he was safe, and looked, but half the cows vanished. Still, there were enough for them to be rich.
His wife vanished from time to time. He asked her why. She told him she went against her will, and if he drove a nail into the threshold, she would remain all the time, so he did.

</doc>
<doc id="5847798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847798" title="Elida High School (Elida, Ohio)">
Elida High School (Elida, Ohio)

Elida High School located in Elida, Ohio, is part of Elida Local School District. The school athletic teams are known as the Bulldogs, and the school colors are Black, Orange, and Gold. The school serves over 912 students as of 2007.
The school's Alma Mater and Fight Song" are both exactly the same as those used at The Ohio State University except the word "Ohio" is replaced with that of "Orange, Black, Gold."
In 1868, the Elida School District was created and was moved into a new building on Main Street (now the site of the Fire Department) at a cost of about $5000. The high school was added in 1892 at about $10,000 with S.D. Crites as the first principal. The present Elida High School was erected in 1914 with a major addition of a Junior High in 1956. The back wing was added in 1959. The first football field ran east to west behind the old part of the school. Thanks to the efforts of Mr. Ellsworth Wiferd, who donated 600 hours of work, lights were added to the field in 1946. A football stadium was built behind the high school and dedicated to Roger Kraft from Kraft Mac and Cheese in 1961. The Field House was built in front of the Junior High addition in 1973. The first Elida graduating class consisted of four students in 1893. In 2003, there were 174 graduates (ref. needed).
Elida opened a newly constructed High School in 2011, a 169,000-square-foot building with a 670-seat auditorium and 1,200-seat gymnasium. Building dedication was 25 Sep 2011.
Clubs and activities.
The school's Latin Club functions as a local chapter of both the Ohio Junior Classical League (OJCL) and National Junior Classical League (NJCL).<r
Athletics.
Elida High School is a member of the Western Buckeye League.

</doc>
<doc id="5847801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847801" title="Nova Scotia Route 205">
Nova Scotia Route 205

Route 205 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Victoria County on Cape Breton Island and runs between Baddeck and MacAulays Hill connecting at both ends with Highway 105. It was originally known as Trunk 5 until 1970.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5847803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847803" title="Robert Reid (basketball)">
Robert Reid (basketball)

Robert Keith Reid (born August 30, 1955) is an American former professional basketball player.
An Atlanta-born 6'8" forward from St. Mary's University, Texas, Reid played thirteen seasons (1977–1982; 1983–1991) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Houston Rockets, Charlotte Hornets, Portland Trail Blazers, and Philadelphia 76ers. He had his best overall season in 1980-81, when he was the second leading scorer on the Rockets team that reached the NBA Finals before losing to the Boston Celtics. After the Rockets traded reigning MVP Moses Malone to the Philadelphia 76ers, however, Reid retired from basketball and moved to Miami, Florida. After a year away from basketball, he returned to Houston after they drafted Ralph Sampson with the first overall pick in the 1983 NBA Draft. When he concluded his NBA career in 1991, Reid had tallied 10,448 career points, 4,168 career rebounds, and 2,500 career assists.
In recent years, Reid has hosted basketball clinics for young athletes in several countries, such as India.

</doc>
<doc id="5847809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847809" title="Donald and Morris Goodkind Bridges">
Donald and Morris Goodkind Bridges

The Donald and Morris Goodkind Bridges are a pair of bridges on U.S. Route 1 in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River. The bridges connect Edison on the north with New Brunswick on the south.
The Donald Goodkind bridge, a steel span bridge built in 1974, carries southbound traffic. It was named after architect and engineer Donald Goodkind in 2004. The northbound span, a concrete arch bridge, is named after Donald's father, Morris Goodkind and was completed in 1929, reflecting the Art Deco styling of the time, and was officially renamed from College Bridge to The Morris Goodkind Bridge as of April 25, 1969. Both father and son were engineers for the New Jersey Department of Transportation, with each responsible for designing the bridge that now bears his name.
In popular culture.
In the 1983 musical film "Eddie and the Cruisers", fictional rock band leader Eddie Wilson was believed to have drowned when his 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air went off the Morris Goodkind Bridge on March 15, 1964.
In "The Sopranos" episode "Nobody Knows Anything," Detective Vin Makazian leaps to his death from the Donald Goodkind Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5847822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847822" title="Sarah Smyth">
Sarah Smyth

Sarah Smyth (born October 12, 1982) is a Canadian actress who starred on the three seasons of the Canadian show "Naked Josh" and known for "50/50" (2011), "" (2010) and "Alien Trespass" (2009). She was born in Nova Scotia, but grew up in Ottawa. She is in a relationship with Andrew Dunbar, who she met co-starring on "Alien Trespass".

</doc>
<doc id="5847823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847823" title="Josh Phelps">
Josh Phelps

Joshua Lee Phelps (born May 12, 1978) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who most recently played for the Telemarket Rimini. He bats and throws right-handed. A .273 career hitter through with a .472 slugging percentage, he has hit .300/.496 with runners in scoring position.
High school years.
Phelps attended Lakeland High School in Rathdrum, Idaho, where he was the baseball team's Most Valuable Player as a senior, and graduated 4th in his class in 1996 with a 3.94 GPA.
Phelps was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays as a catcher in the 10th round of the draft. Phelps planned to pursue engineering in college before he signed with the Blue Jays.
Minor league career.
In , he led the Florida State League in slugging percentage (.562), and was 2nd in batting (.328). He was rated as the 5th best prospect in the organization by Baseball America.
In , with Tennessee of the Southern League (Double-A), he hit .292, led the league with 36 doubles and 31 home runs, and was third in RBI (97). He was the Southern League MVP, was named to their All-Star team as the catcher and designated hitter, was selected to Baseball America's Minor League Second Team All-Star as catcher, was named as the R. Howard Webster Award winner (team MVP), and was twice selected as the SL Player of the Week.
He then hit .433 in 23 games in the Arizona Fall League for Scottsdale. He was rated the top prospect in the Blue Jays organization by Baseball America. 
In , he started the season with Syracuse (Triple-A) of the International League, and was recalled on July 2 by Toronto. At the time of his recall, he was leading all of minor league baseball in home runs (24), and was leading the IL in RBI (64) and slugging percentage (.658).
He was named to the Triple-A All Star team, and was selected to play for Team USA at the Futures game in Milwaukee.
He spent with the Toledo Mud Hens, the Detroit Tigers Triple-A franchise. He hit .308 (2nd in the league), and ranked second among International League hitters with a .532 slugging percentage, and 3rd in the league with 24 HR and 90 RBI.
Through 2006 in his minor league career, he had hit .288/.360/.524.
Major league career.
In he appeared in one game for Toronto at the age of 22. The following year, he caught in 7 games, and went hitless in 12 at bats. In , he hit .309 with a .562 slugging percentage, and was 5th in the AL in HBP (17). In , he hit a career-high 20 home runs. In August , he was traded by the Blue Jays to the Cleveland Indians for Eric Crozier. 
In December 2004, he signed as a free agent with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In January , he was signed by the Detroit Tigers to a minor league contract. In November 2006, he signed with the Baltimore Orioles to a one-year minor league contract, but he was acquired by the Yankees in the Rule 5 Draft on December 7, 2006. On March 30, , he was placed on the New York Yankee 40-man roster, beating out Andy Phillips. Initially picked to platoon at first base with Doug Mientkiewicz, manager Joe Torre hinted that Phelps might man the position by himself if his impressive spring training numbers continued into the regular season. On June 19, 2007, Phelps was designated for assignment. He was claimed by the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 22 and replaced Brad Eldred on their 25-man roster.
On November 29, 2007, he elected to file for free agency and was signed to a minor league contract by the St. Louis Cardinals on January 10, . Phelps was promoted to the Major League roster on August 27, .
On October 15, , he was designated for assignment to make room for left-handed relief specialist, Charlie Manning.
On November 3, 2008, the San Francisco Giants signed Josh Phelps to a minor league contract with a spring training invite
Phelps is the all-time leader in home runs for a player born in Alaska.
Independent League Career.
2010 was his first season with the Bridgeport Bluefish in the Atlantic League. He was the starting first basemen and wears number 29 as of June 30, 2010.
Italian Baseball League Career.
On February 21, 2011, the Telemarket Rimini signed Josh Phelps to one year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="5847824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847824" title="Jeff Ross">
Jeff Ross

Jeff Ross (born Jeffrey Ross Lifschultz; September 13, 1965) is an American stand-up comedian, insult comic, actor, director and author. His skill is doing high-profile celebrity roasts and he is best known for his appearances in Comedy Central's Roasts and he has been dubbed "The Roastmaster General." He is Jewish and from New Jersey. He has appeared in various film, television, and cartoon projects. He has made appearances at events for U.S. soldiers and directed a documentary film covering his experiences touring U.S. bases in Iraq.
Early life.
Jeffrey Ross was born and raised in Springfield, New Jersey. He attended Jonathan Dayton High School in Springfield. He is Jewish, as mentioned in his 2008 Comedy Central stand-up special, "Jeffrey Ross: No Offense".
Ross graduated from Boston University's College of Communication. In a 2008 interview for the student-run BUTV10 program Full Circle, Ross mentioned that during his college years he was the director at BU's WTBU and worked at the local NPR affiliate. His mother died from leukemia when he was 14 years old. His father died 5 years later when Ross was 19 years old.
Career.
During the summer of 1994, he appeared a few times in New York City at the Monday night open mic night of the now closed Greenwich Village location of the Boston Comedy Club. In 1996, he appeared in the movie "Celtic Pride".
Ross is the current New York Friars' Club Roastmaster General and was a roaster for the last eleven Comedy Central Roasts: Pamela Anderson in 2005, William Shatner in 2006, Flavor Flav in 2007, Bob Saget in 2008, Larry the Cable Guy, Joan Rivers in 2009, David Hasselhoff in 2010, Donald Trump, Charlie Sheen in 2011, Roseanne Barr in 2012 and James Franco in 2013. He has also written for, performed in and/or produced several other celebrity roasts, including those for Hugh Hefner, Rob Reiner, Jerry Stiller, Drew Carey, Emmitt Smith, Carson Daly, Mike Greenberg, Mike Golic, Gene Simmons, and David Hasselhoff. In addition to his roasts, his stand-up has been featured in Comedy Central's animated series "Shorties Watchin' Shorties".
In September 1, 2009, Ross was the first guest on the debut episode of the WTF with Marc Maron podcast.
Ross is the author of a book released September 15, 2009, titled "I Only Roast the Ones I Love: Busting Balls Without Burning Bridges." It recounts his rise to stardom and, includes tips on writing roast jokes and has ideas on how to put on a roast.
Appearances.
In addition to Ross' dramatic turn on CBS's "", he has appeared on HBO's "Six Feet Under", Comedy Central's "The Sarah Silverman Program", and Showtime's "Weeds". He has also appeared as a regular cast member in Nick Cannon's "Wild 'n Out" on MTV. In film, he has appeared in "Stuck on You" and "The Aristocrats". He also provided the voice for the beagle Buddy in the MTV2 Sic'emation animated satire program that he created, "Where My Dogs At?". He appeared in the third tournament of Celebrity Poker, but lost in his first match.
Ross' 2005 directorial debut, "" received the Best Feature Film Award at the Montreal Comedy Festival. The documentary is about Ross' life changing experience entertaining U.S. troops stationed around Iraq. It features fellow comedians/comic actors Drew Carey, Blake Clark and Kathy Kinney.
Ross competed on the seventh season of "Dancing with the Stars". He was partnered with Edyta Śliwińska. During rehearsal of their first dance, Ross was accidentally poked in the eye by Śliwińska, suffering a scratched cornea. Against doctor's advice, Ross continued the competition. They performed the Cha-Cha-Cha to "Play That Funky Music", and were the first couple to be eliminated. They later performed a Quickstep to "I Get a Kick out of You" as an encore for the elimination show.
On August 14, 2012, Jeff Ross debuted his weekly Comedy Central show "The Burn with Jeff Ross", which has aired two seasons so far.
An animated version of Jeff Ross appears in "" in the opening to the episode "Crisis: 22,300 Miles Above Earth" voiced by Ross himself. He distracts Joker and the other villains at Joker's celebrity roast in order for Batman to escape being literally roasted alive. When Joker tries to escape, Ross stops him. When he subsequently suggests that he could be a full-time crime-fighter, Batman dryly advises he should just stick to comedy.
Political activity.
On October 19, 2011, Ross visited the protesters of the Occupy movement in Los Angeles to support their cause and took the microphone to speak publicly to the crowd. He combined the movement's message with his comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="5847826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847826" title="Beavercreek High School">
Beavercreek High School

Beavercreek High School is a public high school for grades 9-12 located in Beavercreek, Ohio. A member of the Beavercreek City School District, the high school is located in a suburb of Dayton with more than 45,000 residents. The principal is Marian West and the school's mascot is the Battling Beaver.
Beavercreek High School has 3002 students, making it the third largest high school in Ohio based on student population. The school offers eleven Advanced Placement (AP) classes to students, in addition to many Honors and Scholarship courses which award additional points to the compiled grade point average (GPA) of each student. The school's girls basketball team has a long history of success averaging over 18 wins per season under coach Ed Zink's 36-year tenure. On February 10, 2011, Zink became the first girls high school basketball coach in state history to reach 658 wins.
Due to overcrowding, the district has moved the ninth grade students from the high school to Ferguson Middle School, located adjacent to BHS. The school was be renamed "Ferguson Hall". Construction on a new middle school and new elementary school began in 2011. Both schools opened in August 2013.
History.
In Beavercreek Township, the first school was a log building on farm property. The first high school, Beavercreek Township High School, was built in 1888. In 1932, the high school, along with other Beavercreek schools, moved into one building, currently known as Main Elementary School. In 1950, the current Beavercreek High School was completed, though it has been renovated and expanded since. It changed from a four-year to a three-year high school in 1973 due to overcrowding. In the fall of 1999, the high school returned to a four-year system. In 2013 the high school went back to a three system with Ferguson Hall as the building for 9th graders.
Student statistics.
According to the Ohio Department of Education, in the 2005-2006 school year, there are 23 students per full-time employed teacher. 88% of the students are White American, 6% are Asian American or Pacific Islander American, 3% are multiracial, 2% are African American, and 2% are Hispanic. The total per pupil expenditures is $7,055, compared to the state average of $9,052 The attendance rate is 93%, and the graduation rate is 96 percent.
Beavercreek Band Program.
The Beavercreek Band has qualified for the OMEA State Marching Band Finals since 1987, earning the highest possible ranking of "I - Superior" every year since 1989. The Beavercreek Band and Color Guard is under the direction of Mr. Douglas McCullough, who has been the band director for over 20 years. Beavercreek's band program consists of two jazz ensembles, and four concert bands as well as an extracurricular Pep Band, Marching Band and Color Guard, Winter Guard, and Winter Percussion Ensemble. Mr. Matt Frost (who is director of bands at Coy Middle School), and Mr. Michael Bisig (the director of bands at Ankeney Middle School) are the assistant directors of the Marching Band. The Weekend of Jazz is held every spring and has featured jazz musicians such as Maynard Ferguson, Stanley Clarke, and Jon Secoda. High schools and colleges from throughout the area come to perform. These performances, unlike the concerts done by the professional bands, are free to attend.
Clubs and activities.
Beavercreek High School's Latin Club functions as a local chapter of both the Ohio Junior Classical League (OJCL) and National Junior Classical League (NJCL).
The high school's Speech and Debate team is consistently among the top in the state in Student Congress, Impromptu Speaking, and other events. In the regional national qualifiers for Student Congress in 2010, the team earned five of the thirteen award positions, the most of any school in competition.
In addition, the school has a Science Olympiad Team that places in the top 10 teams at invitational, regional, and state tournaments. In previous years, the team has also gone to compete in the national tournament.
Track renovation.
Because of a deteriorating track, Miami Valley Hospital spent 1.3 million dollars to renovate it. The new track includes an all-season surface. The grass football field has also been replaced with artificial turf.
Another benefit is that the athletes will be able to use athletic-related services from the hospital. The new facility has been named "Frank Zink Field at Miami Valley Hospital Stadium", which is a slight change from the previous name, "Frank Zink Field."

</doc>
<doc id="5847834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847834" title="Suozzi">
Suozzi

Suozzi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5847835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847835" title="Recognition of same-sex unions in Austria">
Recognition of same-sex unions in Austria

Registered partnerships have been legal in Austria since 1 January 2010. 
Registered partnerships.
Austria has provided rights for de facto same-sex unions since 2003, following the decision of the European Court of Human Rights in Karner v. Austria. This status, called unregistered cohabitation, gives cohabiting same-sex couples the same rights as unmarried cohabiting opposite-sex partners.
In December 2004, the SPÖ, then in opposition, adopted a major policy decision on the issue of equal treatment of same-sex couples. In addition to introducing registered partnerships, the party was heading towards subsequent opening up of marriage for same-sex couples. The party became leader of a grand coalition Government in January 2007.
While not allowing for new same-sex marriages to be contracted, Austria indirectly saw its first same-sex marriage when its constitutional court granted a transsexual woman the right to change her legal gender to female while remaining married to her wife.
In the "Perspectives" paper released by the ÖVP on 1 October 2007, it announced its support for a registered partnership, based similar to the Swiss model.
An agreed draft was released in late October 2007 which would give couples in a registered partnership nearly the same rights as married couples, except for adoption rights.
In February 2009, Austria's Interior Minister Maria Fekter held conversations with a delegation of the Austrian LGBT-rights association "Lambda" (Rechtskomitee Lambda) concerning the issue of equal rights for LGBT people. Maria Fekter announced that the bill for a registered partnership (Eingetragene Partnerschaft) will be introduced and enacted in Autumn 2009 and would become legal on 1 January 2010.
On 12 October 2009, the Greens urged the government to keep to its promise of having registered partnerships implemented by January 2010 with Green justice spokesman Albert Steinhauser saying that time was running out for the proposed law. The party also called for opening up marriage to same-sex couples.
On 13 October 2009, the Austrian Justice Minister Claudia Bandion-Ortner announced that a registered partnership law would be announced "in a few weeks". She stated that such a law is in the process of being drafted, with some aspects of it still being under contention. A particular area of contention is whether registered partnerships should include a ceremony.
On November 11, 2009 Minister of Justice Claudia Bandion-Ortner from ÖVP presented a bill, which was rejected by SPÖ, because the bill did not include ceremonies.
On November 17, 2009 the Government finally approved the registered partnership bill, proposed by the Minister of Justice. The bill was passed on December 10 by the National Council, the lower house of parliament, in a 110-64 vote. On December 18, it was passed by the Federal Council (upper house) in a 44-8 vote. On December 30, the law was published in Bundesgesetzblatt - government's journal and took effect on 1 January 2010.
In January 2013, the Constitutional Court of Austria ruled that the registered partnership law was partially unconstitutional, broadening the rights for registered partnerships.
On 19 February 2013, the European Court of Human Rights ruled in "X and Others v. Austria" that a partner in a same-sex union has the right to adopt his or her partner's biological child. On 4 July 2013, the Austrian Parliament passed a government bill that allows stepchild adoption by same-sex couples. The law entered into force on 1 August 2013.
Same-sex marriage.
The Greens, the Social Democrats (SPÖ), and the NEOS support same-sex marriage. The Austrian LGBT rights organisation Rechtscomitee Lambda has highlighted the 72 differences between registered partnerships and marriage, and campaigns for Austrian marriage equality. Equality campaigners have questioned the current situation by challenging the lack of access to registered partnerships for opposite sex couples and the lack of access to marriage for same sex couples, with a heterosexual couple applying to have a registered partnership.
The SPÖ-ÖVP coalition government was continued following the September 2013 elections. Even though SPÖ campaigned for LGBT rights, the coalition agreement does not include any progress on LGBT rights due to opposition by the conservative ÖVP.
On 20 November 2013, the opposition party The Greens introduced a bill in Parliament that would legalise same-sex marriage. It was sent to the Judiciary Committee on 17 December 2013. 
As of the end of 2013, a court case is before the Constitutional Court of Austria about the non-recognition of a same-sex marriage performed in the Netherlands.
Public opinion.
A 2006 European Union poll surveying up to 30,000 people showed Austrian support for same sex marriage at 49% (higher than the EU average of 41%).
A November 2013 poll by Der Standard found that 61% support same-sex marriage (41% fully support, 20% tend to support) while 33% do not (15% fully oppose, 18% tend to oppose). Adoption by same-sex couples is supported by 56% (35% fully support, 21% tend to support) and opposed by 37% (22% fully oppose, 15% tend to oppose).

</doc>
<doc id="5847853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847853" title="WMEE">
WMEE

WMEE (97.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. The station serves the Fort Wayne, Indiana area. The station is currently owned by Federated Media.
History.
The WMEE calls originated in 1971 at 1380 kHz on the AM dial as a Top 40 outlet before switching to 97.3 FM in 1979. 97.3 FM had previously programmed beautiful music as WMEF(and originally as WKJG-FM). 
As an FM CHR station, WMEE achieved extremely high ratings in the Fort Wayne market during the late 1980s, achieving ratings as high as 25% (12+) at its peak. In the early 1990s, the station got competition in the form of WDJB "B106", which quickly cut into WMEE's ratings, culminating in the latter switching from CHR/Top 40 to the current Hot Adult Contemporary format as Mix 97.3 in 1994. The AM station has since reverted to the original call letters of WKJG in 2003.
Programming.
Currently, WMEE broadcasts a variety of pop music from the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s (decade), and today.

</doc>
<doc id="5847878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847878" title="Thomas Chilton Jasper">
Thomas Chilton Jasper

Thomas Chilton "T.C." Jasper was born on January 11, 1844, in Middleburg, Kentucky. He served in the Civil War in Company C, 6th Regiment Kentucky Cavalry. After the war, he returned to Kentucky and taught school. On January 8, 1874, T.C. married Mary Wilmoth Jones. The couple established a very prosperous general store in nearby Mount Salem, Kentucky. Two of his children, Claude and Davie, were born there as well.
In 1887, T.C. moved his family to Plano, Texas, where his third child, Roy, was born. He quickly organized the Plano National Bank, investing out of his own pocket $40,000 of the $50,000 needed for new bank stock. The bank was chartered July 27, 1882, and T.C. served as cashier for 25 years before retiring in March 1913.
In addition to owning numerous business properties in and around Plano, T.C. Jasper was a co-founder of the Plano Cotton Oil Company (established in 1902 and dissolved in 1916). In 1904, T.C., along with seven other men, formed the "44 Club"; its members were Confederate veterans and were all born in 1844.
He served as treasurer of the Texas Electric Railroad, was a deacon in the First Baptist Church, a Mason for 55 years (as well as a charter member of the Plano chapter), and an honorary member of the Lions Club. T.C. died in 1924 at the age of 80, after 50 years of marriage. His wife, Mary, died in 1940.
Jasper High School, founded in 1996, in Plano, Texas is named in honor of the banker and businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="5847904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847904" title="Kohnstamm">
Kohnstamm

Kohnstamm is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5847907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847907" title="MoneyBee">
MoneyBee

MoneyBee is a distributed computing project in the fields of economics, finance and stock markets, that generates stock forecasts by application of artificial intelligence with the aid of artificial neural networks. MoneyBee acts as a screensaver, thus the user hardly notices the program running on his PC. The project is run by i42 Informationsmanagement GmbH, a consulting private company from Mannheim, Germany. The project was suspended with a standing invitation for any interested in joining the MoneyBee2 project, but MoneyBee2 seems to have been abandoned in early 2010.
History.
The idea was first conceived in an economics thesis on stock forecasts with the aid of artificial neural networks at the University of Heidelberg. The MoneyBee system was then developed by i42 GmbH, Mannheim, who added some innovative features to the original idea. 
Since starting in September 2000, many users downloaded the German version. By 2001, about 12,000 users were generating 0.1 Teraflops of computing capacity – comparable to an average university mainframe computer at the time.
Prizes and awards.
In Germany, Moneybee won two prizes: the German Federal Ministry of Economy's Multimedia Award (Foerderpreis Gruendungswettbewerb Multimedia 1999), Berlin, and the Shortlist ("10 Best Ideas") at the innovations contest CyberOne 2000 in Stuttgart. MoneyBee was also nominated for the Neo Online Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5847910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847910" title="Mikko Kolehmainen">
Mikko Kolehmainen

Mikko Yrjö Ilmari Kolehmainen (born 18 August 1964 in Mikkeli) is a Finnish sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won the gold medal in the K-1 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992. Kolehmainen's victory was Finland's only gold medal at those games.
By now established as Finland's strongest kayak sprinter, he concentrated in the K-1 500 m discipline. Although a respected competitor at international regattas he never really threatened the top paddlers for the major prizes. At the 1991 World Championships in Paris he finished a creditable seventh. 
It was therefore a major shock when, at the Barcelona Olympics in 1992, he won the K-1 500 m gold medal. His victory over reigning champion Zsolt Gyulay of Hungary gave Finland their only gold medal of an otherwise disappointing Games.
A year later he showed that his Barcelona performance was no fluke by winning the world championship K-1 500 m title in Copenhagen. At his farewell Olympics, in Atlanta in 1996 he finished in seventh place, and carried the flag at the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="5847936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847936" title="The Huguenot Society of America">
The Huguenot Society of America

The Huguenot Society of America is a hereditary patriotic society, organized in New York City on April 12, 1883, and incorporated on June 12, 1885. 
About.
The objectives of the Huguenot Society of America were to perpetuate the memory and to foster and promote the principles and virtues of the Huguenots; to commemorate publicly at stated times the principal events in the history of the Huguenots; and to collect and preserve all existing documents, monuments, etc., relating to the genealogy or history of the Huguenots of America. Membership was extended to descendants of families which emigrated to America or to other countries prior to the promulgation of the Edict of Toleration, November 28, 1787, as well as to writers who had made the history of the Huguenots a special subject of study. 
The society headquarters are in New York City, where a valuable library, consisting of Huguenot books, manuscripts, etc., had been collected. There were branch societies in several States and cities, notably in Virginia, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and New Jersey. Its publications were known as "Collections of the Huguenot Society of America." In 1898 it celebrated the tercentenary anniversary of the promulgation of the Edict of Nantes, at which delegates from societies abroad were present. A memorial volume containing a full account of the exercises was published in 1900.
The Huguenot Society of America is sometimes confused with the similarly named but unaffiliated National Huguenot Society, which was founded in 1956. 

</doc>
<doc id="5847941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847941" title="The Rockpile">
The Rockpile

The Rockpile (MGRS XD979559), known in Vietnamese as Thon Khe Tri, is a karst rock outcropping near the former South Vietnamese DMZ. It rises to an elevation of MSL, about above the surrounding terrain. Its relatively inaccessible location, reached only by helicopter, made it an important United States Army and Marine Corps observation post and artillery base from 1966 to 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5847945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847945" title="Catherine Edith Macauley Martin">
Catherine Edith Macauley Martin

Catherine Edith Macauley Martin (1848 – 15 March 1937) was an Australian novelist who used the pseudonyms M. C., Mrs Alick MacLeod or anonymous.
Martin was born in the Isle of Skye in 1847 or early in 1848. Her father, whose name was Mackay, brought her to South Australia when a child, and in 1874 she was living at Mount Gambier. In that year she published at Melbourne a volume of poems "The Explorers and other Poems." The book was credited to 'M.C.' and her name remained unknown to the public. She came to Adelaide and did journalistic work, including a serial story, "Bohemian Born". For a period she was a clerk in the Education Department. In 1890 she published anonymously "An Australian Girl", a novel which was favourably reviewed and in 1891 went into a second edition. This was followed in 1892 by "The Silent Sea", published under the pseudonym of "Mrs Alick MacLeod". 
In 1906 appeared "The Old Roof Tree: Letters of Isbel to her Half-brother", a series of essays in letter-form. Some are supposed to be written from London, others from a cathedral town, while others describe a tour on the continent. In 1923 appeared "The Incredible Journey", by C. E. M. Martin, the story of an Aboriginal woman's journey across desert country to recover her son.
Mrs Martin died in the Adelaide suburb of Hyde Park on 15 March 1937 in her ninetieth year. She married Frederick Martin who predeceased her. She was never as well known as she deserved to be, partly because her work was always published anonymously or under a pseudonym. "An Australian Girl" is an interesting book written by a woman of thoughtful and philosophic mind, and "The Incredible Journey", with its sympathetic appreciation of the point of view of Indigenous Australians, is among the best books of its kind in Australian literature. 
Family.
Catherine Edith Macauley Mackay married Frederick "Fred" Martin (9 April 1848 – 27 April 1909) on 4 March 1882 at St Paul's Church, Adelaide. They had no children. Fred's sister Lucy Martin (1839–1863) was married to John Howard Clark, editor of the South Australian Register; another sister, Annie Montgomerie Martin, was a noted teacher and headmistress.

</doc>
<doc id="5847965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847965" title="Schoolbook">
Schoolbook

For the concept of schoolbooks, see the article textbook.
For the article about the typeface "Schoolbook", see the article Century Schoolbook.

</doc>
<doc id="5847971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847971" title="Charlie Sadler">
Charlie Sadler

Charlie Sadler (born May 6, 1949) is an American football coach and former player. Sadler was the 18th head college football coach for the Northern Illinois University, a position he held from 1991 to 1995. His career coaching record at Northern Illinois was 18 wins, 37 losses, and 0 ties, which ranks him eighth at Northern Illinois in total wins and 17th at Northern Illinois in winning percentage. Sadler was the defensive ends coach at Texas Tech from 2003 to 2009. He previously held coaching positions at the University of Oklahoma, the University of Missouri, and Iowa State University.

</doc>
<doc id="5847974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847974" title="Klickitat Trail">
Klickitat Trail

The Klickitat Trail is a rail trail along the Klickitat River in southern Washington in the Columbia River Gorge. The cycling and hiking trail offers river and canyon views throughout its length. It follows an old railroad corridor that at one time linked the towns of Lyle and Goldendale.
The trail consists of two sections; one along the Klickitat river, from Lyle to Swale Caynon, and the remainder which continues through Swale Caynon to Warwick. The Swale Caynon section is closed during fire season, approximately July 1 - October 1. 
The route includes a remote tributary canyon, a nationally designated Wild & Scenic River and a National Scenic Area. The wildlife in the area includes wild turkey, rattlesnakes and cougars. Deer kills on the trail by cougars are common, and yearly salmon runs attract bald eagles.
History.
The region was originally passed through by the Lewis and Clark Expedition, with Lewis and Clark calling the Klickitat river the "Cataract river". In 1903, the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railroad built the original track linking Lyle and Goldendale. Passenger service existed for several years during the 1920s between Portland, Oregon, and Goldendale, Washington. Lumber was an important part of its transport until the 1980s. It was abandoned in 1992 following the decline of the lumber mill in the town of Klickitat and the mill in Goldendale. The railroad right-of-way was purchased in 1993 by the national Rails-to-Trails Conservancy. Ownership of the rail line was transferred to Washington State Parks in 1994, despite some local opposition. In 2003, local supporters of the Trail formed the Klickitat Trail Conservancy (KTC).
The Klickitat Trail, a public right of way, is now managed cooperatively by Washington State, the U.S. Forest Service, and the KTC. In 2007-2008, the U.S. Forest Service completed its Trail management and development plan which includes a partnership with the Klicktitat Trail Conservancy (KTC) and Washington State Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="5847984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847984" title="Fragment molecular orbital">
Fragment molecular orbital

The fragment molecular orbital method (FMO) is a computational method that can compute very large molecular systems with thousands of atoms using ab initio quantum-chemical wave functions.
History of FMO and related methods.
The fragment molecular orbital method (FMO) was developed by K. Kitaura and coworkers in 1999. FMO is deeply interconnected with the energy decomposition analysis (EDA) by Kitaura and Morokuma, developed in 1976. The main use of FMO is to compute very large molecular systems by dividing them into fragments and performing ab initio or density functional quantum-mechanical calculations of fragments and their dimers, whereby the Coulomb field from the whole system is included. The latter feature allows fragment calculations without using caps.
The mutually consistent field (MCF) method had introduced the idea of self-consistent fragment calculations in their embedding potential, which was later used with some modifications in various methods including FMO. There had been other methods related to FMO including the incremental correlation method by H. Stoll (1992). Also FMO bears some similarity to the method by J. Gao (1997), the applicability of which for condensed phase systems was subsequently demonstrated by carrying out a statistical mechanical Monte Carlo simulation of liquid water in 1998; this method was later renamed as the explicit polarization (X-Pol) theory. The incremental method uses formally the same many-body expansion of properties as FMO, although the exact meaning of terms is different. The difference between X-Pol and FMO is in the approximation for estimating the pair interactions between fragments. X-Pol is closely related to the one-body expansion used in FMO (FMO1) in terms of the electrostatics, but other interactions are treated differently.
Later, other methods closely related to FMO were proposed including the kernel energy method of L. Huang and the electrostatically embedded many-body expansion by E. Dahlke,
S. Hirata and later M. Kamiya suggested approaches also very closely related to FMO. Effective fragment molecular orbital (EFMO) method combines some features of the effective fragment potentials (EFP) and FMO. A detailed perspective on the fragment-based method development can be found in a recent review.
Introduction to FMO.
In addition to the calculation of the total properties, such as the energy,
energy gradient, dipole moment etc., the pair interaction is obtained for
each pair of fragments. This pair interaction energy can be further
decomposed into electrostatic, exchange, charge transfer and dispersion
contributions. This analysis is known as the pair interaction energy
decomposition analysis (PIEDA) and it can be thought of as FMO-based EDA.
Alternatively, configuration analysis for fragment interaction (CAFI) and fragment interaction analysis based on local MP2 (FILM) were suggested within the FMO framework.
The rapid development of the FMO method made possible to use common wave functions for ab initio calculations of fragments and their dimers, such as Hartree–Fock, Density functional theory (DFT), Multi-configurational self-consistent field (MCSCF), time-dependent DFT (TDDFT), configuration interaction (CI), second order Møller–Plesset perturbation theory (MP2), and coupled cluster (CC). The solvent effects can be treated with the Polarizable continuum model (PCM). The FMO code is very efficiently parallelized utilising the generalized distributed data interface (GDDI) and hundreds of CPUs can be used with nearly perfect scaling.
In the FMO book published in 2009, one can find 10 illustrated chapters written by the experts in the FMO development and applications, as well as a CDROM with
annotated samples of input and output files, Facio modelling software and video tutorials (AppliGuide movies, showing mouse clicks) for treating difficult PDB files with Facio. In addition to this book, there are several chapters published in other books.
There are three general reviews of FMO published.
In 2013-2014, a Japanese journal, CICSJ Bulletin, published a series of FMO papers in Japanese (about 100 pages in total), which give a representative summary of the recent FMO development and applications done in Japan, including papers on the GAMESS/FMO interface in Facio and developing an OpenMP version of GAMESS/FMO on the K computer.
Applications of FMO.
There are two main application fields of FMO: biochemistry and molecular dynamics of chemical reactions in solution. In addition, there is an emerging field of inorganic applications. 
In 2005, an application of FMO to the calculation of the ground electronic state of photosynthetic protein with more than 20,000 atoms was distinguished with the best technical paper award at Supercomputing 2005.
A number of applications of FMO to biochemical problems have been published including Drug design, quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) as well as the studies of excited states and chemical reactions of biological systems. In the recent development (2008), the adaptive frozen orbital (AFO) treatment of the detached bonds was suggested for FMO, making it possible to study solids, surfaces and nano systems, such as silicon nanowrires. FMO-TDDFT was also applied to the excited states of molecular crystals (quinacridone).
Among inorganic systems, silica-related materials (zeolites, mesoporous nanoparticles and silica surfaces) were studied with FMO,
as well as ionic liquids and boron nitride ribbons.
Software for FMO.
The FMO method is implemented in GAMESS (US), ABINIT-MP and PAICS software packages, distributed free of charge.
In the earlier stage, the preparation of the GAMESS input files was facilitated with the FMOutil software. Later, various parts of FMOutil were
incorporated in the new graphical user interface called fu. 
Fu is a general open-source GUI not limited to FMO or GAMESS. It is written mainly in Python and some critical modules
are in FORTRAN. Fu is distributed under BSD license so anybody can modify it and redistributed freely. 
In addition, another graphical user interface Facio developed by Pr M. Suenaga has a very convenient specialised support of FMO (in addition to other features), with which an automatic fragmentation of molecular clusters, proteins, nucleotides, saccharides and any combination thereof (e.g., DNA and protein complexes in explicit solvent) can be done in a few minutes, and a manual fragmentation of solids and surfaces can be accomplished by clicking the bonds to be detached. Facio can also visualise results of FMO calculations, such as the pair interactions.
There is a convenient Web-based interface to FMO, FMOtools, available from the FMO portal. FMOtools can generate FMO input files, visualise results of FMO calculations and short test calculations can be executed from the Web interface. FragIt is a Web interface, as well as a standalone program, which can generate (E)FMO input files for GAMESS. It features a unique system of chemical patters, which allows an automatic fragmentation of in principle an arbitrary molecular system.

</doc>
<doc id="5847987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847987" title="BioMérieux">
BioMérieux

bioMérieux () is a multinational biotechnology company founded and headquartered in France. A subsidiary of Institut Mérieux, bioMérieux is listed on the NYSE Euronext Paris stock exchange. 
Overview.
The company specializes in the field of in vitro diagnostics for the medical and industrial sectors. The group designs, develops, and produces a wide range of diagnosis systems for medicine and industry. It provides diagnostic solutions (reagents, instruments, software) which determine the source of disease and contamination to improve patient health and ensure consumer safety. Their products are used for diagnosing infectious diseases and providing medical test results for cardiovascular emergencies and cancer screening and monitoring. They are also used for detecting microorganisms in agri-food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic products.
Revenue.
bioMérieux has revenues of approximate €1.6 billion as of 2013 with 85% of sales occurring outside of France.

</doc>
<doc id="5847989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5847989" title="Parachute journalism">
Parachute journalism

Parachute journalism is the practice of thrusting journalists into an area to report on a story in which the reporter has little knowledge or experience. The lack of knowledge and tight deadlines often result in inaccurate or distorted news reports, especially during breaking news. As opposed to expert foreign correspondents who might live in the locale, news organizations will sometimes send (metaphorically by "parachute") either general assignment reporters or well-known celebrity journalists into unfamiliar areas.
The term is often used by critics, who argue that this type of journalism usually reports mere basic details and often misrepresents facts, while displaying ignorance of contextual issues. The journalist often lacks in-depth knowledge of the situation and usually is disoriented because of the strangeness of the environment. Often the only information immediately available is from other news organizations or from "official" or bureaucratic sources that may contain propaganda.
Journalists 'parachuted' into a strange situation often lack proper contacts. They may rely on stringers for their sources, and this can lead to strained relationships between the 'parachuter' and the stringer as the newly arrived journalist will receive most of the credit and in the process the quality of reporting can be affected.
Due to a lack of time and knowledge, background research and independent investigation of the events at the site of occurrence can be non-existent, with most research, if any, being done in the journalist's home country before they set off for the point of action. Another drawback is the tendency of parachuters to engage in pack journalism.
One advantage of this type of journalism is that the parachuter is an outsider who can look at the news event from a fresh perspective and notice things or provide an angle to the story that a stringer may have missed. He or she is more likely to be able to pinpoint what a global audience will be interested in.

</doc>
<doc id="5848001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848001" title="Gypsy 83">
Gypsy 83

Gypsy 83 is a 2001 drama film, written and directed by Todd Stephens, about two young goths, Gypsy and Clive, who travel to New York for an annual festival celebrating their idol, Stevie Nicks. 
Plot.
25-year-old Gypsy Vale (Sara Rue) and 18-year-old Clive Webb (Kett Turton) are two goths living in Sandusky, Ohio. Gypsy's parents, Ray (John Doe) and Velvet (Marlene Wallace), once were in a band together, and Gypsy now aspires to be a famous singer, like her idol, Stevie Nicks. She is hesitant, because of the disappearance of her mother, to leave her father alone in Sandusky to pursue her dreams.
While checking updates on a Stevie Nicks fansite, Clive discovers the "Night of a Thousand Stevies" event in New York. After a long and heated discussion with Gypsy, she reveals that her mother didn't just disappear, or die: she left to follow her dream of becoming a famous singer. Despite this, Clive finally convinces Gypsy to go to New York.
Along the way, Gypsy and Clive encounter a diverse host of characters and obstacles. They pick up a hitchhiker named Zechariah, who claims he is running away from the Amish life. Together, the three decide to stop and spend the night at a rest stop. While there, Clive expresses his attraction for Zechariah, but Zechariah says that he's attracted to Gypsy. Clive is embarrassed and runs away. Gypsy is surprised and flattered and as a result, she and Zechariah end up sleeping together. Afterward, Zechariah says that he's made a mistake and needs to return home. Enraged, Gypsy throws him out of the bathroom where she is staying at the rest stop. Meanwhile, Clive is accosted in secret by Troy, who's also spending the night at the rest stop with his fraternity brothers, and the two have a sexual encounter. The next morning, while Gypsy and Clive are trying to console each other and make sense out of the events of the previous night, the two are egged and mocked by the fraternity brothers as they leave the rest area while Troy sits silently. 
They miss the auditions for the Night of a Thousand Stevies, and Gypsy learns that her mother committed suicide four years earlier. The sympathetic Mistress of Ceremonies, also her mother's best friend when she was in New York, allows Gypsy to perform a song she wrote for her mother at the end of the show.
In the end, Gypsy stays in New York to pursue her musical aspirations like her mother, and Clive returns to Sandusky to finish high school but plans to come back to New York after he graduates.
Music.
The film's original music was composed by Marty Beller. The soundtrack features well-known icons of the gothic subculture, such as The Cure, Bauhaus, Claire Voyant, and electronic music artists Velvet Acid Christ and Apoptygma Berzerk.
Filmed in Hazleton, PA
Reception.
"Gypsy 83" currently holds a 54% 'Fresh' rating on review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus "This coming-of-age story of alienated youth is too familiar."
Awards and nominations.
L.A. Outfest
Seattle Lesbian & Gay Film Festival
Torino International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival
Toronto Inside Out Lesbian and Gay Film and Video Festival
Torino International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="5848003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848003" title="Nicolás Canales">
Nicolás Canales

Nicolás Sebastián Canales Calas (, born 27 June 1985) is a Chilean footballer that is currently Colo-Colo. He plays as striker.
Club career.
Early career.
Canales debuted with Universidad de Chile where he won the Apertura in 2004 and reached the final of the Clausura in 2005.
He scored five goals in nine matches in the Liga de Honra while playing for Benfica B.
On 1 August 2007 he signed with Romanian squad CFR Cluj by 450.000£. However his time there was short, because at the beginning of 2008 Canales returned to Chile to play for Unión Española.
Palestino.
In 2010, he was transferred to Palestino where he scored 34 times in 73 appearances. Their great performances give him the chance to play with the Chilean national football team.
Neftchi Baku.
In June 2012, he signed for Neftchi Baku of the Azerbaijan Premier League in a one year deal. He played his first game for Neftchi in a friendly against Dinamo București. He made his competitive debut in a UEFA Champions League fixture against Zestafoni on 17 July. He scored the third goal of the 3–0 home victory.
In the 2012–13 Azerbaijan Premier League edition, he played in 31 games and scored 26 goals, helping his team win the Azerbaijan Premier League and becoming the top goalscorer of the championship.He also won the Azerbaijan Cup in the 2012–13 edition playing five games and scoring one goal in the competition.
Colo-Colo.
On August 13, 2013, he signed for Colo-Colo of the Chilean Primera División in a one year deal.
International career.
Canales made his senior international debut in the 2–0 defeat by Paraguay on 15 February 2012. He also participated in the U-20 2005 Sudamericano in Colombia. He went on to later play at the 2005 U-20 World Cup in the Netherlands.
Career statistics.
! colspan=3 | Club performance
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Cup
! colspan=2 | Continental
! colspan=2 | Total
! Season !! Club !! League
! Apps !! Goals
! Apps !! Goals
! Apps !! Goals
! Apps !! Goals
! colspan=3 | Portugal
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Taça de Portugal
! colspan=2 | Europe
! colspan=2 | Total
! colspan=3 | Romania
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Cupa României
! colspan=2 | Europe
! colspan=2 | Total
! colspan=3 | Chile
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Copa Chile
! colspan=2 | South America
! colspan=2 | Total
! colspan=3 | Azerbaijan
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Azerbaijan Cup
! colspan=2 | Europe
! colspan=2 | Total
! colspan=3 | Chile
! colspan=2 | League
! colspan=2 | Copa Chile
! colspan=2 | South America
! colspan=2 | Total
! rowspan=4 | Total
! colspan=2 | Portugal
!38||11||0||0||0||0||38||11
! colspan=2 | Romania
!1||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
! colspan=2 | Chile
!132||55||4||0||0||0||136||55
! colspan=2 | Azerbaijan
!31||26||5||1||12||3||48||30
! colspan=3 | Career total
!202||92||9||1||12||3||223||96

</doc>
<doc id="5848009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848009" title="UFC 54">
UFC 54

UFC 54: Boiling Point was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 20, 2005, at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD.
History.
Headlining the card were Chuck Liddell, the Light Heavyweight champion, and Jeremy Horn.
Fighter Payouts.
Randy Couture: $225,000 ($150,000 to fight, $75,000 to win)
Chuck Liddell: $160,000 ($80,000 to fight; $80,000 to win)
Tim Sylvia: $80,000 ($40,000 to fight; $40,000 win)
Matt Lindland: $30,000 ($15,000 to fight; $15,000 to win)
Georges St-Pierre: $28,000 ($13,000 to fight; $15,000 to win)
Jeremy Horn: $25,000
Diego Sanchez: $24,000 ($12,000 to fight; $12,000 to win)
Mike Van Arsdale: $15,000
Frank Trigg: $14,000
Tra Telligman: $9,000
James Irvin: $6,000 ($3,000 to fight, $3,000 to win)
Trevor Prangley: $6,000 ($3,000 to fight, $3,000 to win)
Joe Doerksen: $5,000
Travis Lutter: $4,000
Brian Gassaway: $2,000
Terry Martin: $2,000
Total Fighter Payouts: $635,000

</doc>
<doc id="5848011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848011" title="Leif Holmqvist">
Leif Holmqvist

Leif Erik "Honken" Holmqvist (born 12 November 1942 in Gävle, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey goaltender. He is one of only three players to win the Golden Puck award twice, which he did while playing for AIK.
Holmqvist was named best goaltender at the 1969 IIHF World Championships. He was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame in 1999.
Holmqvist played a season in England for the London Lions and one in the United States for the Indianapolis Racers.
Source.
A to Z Encyclopedia of Ice Hockey

</doc>
<doc id="5848020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848020" title="Ring Nebula (NGC 6822)">
Ring Nebula (NGC 6822)

The Ring Nebula in Barnard's Galaxy has the official designation of Hubble 1925 III as it was the third (Roman numeral 3) object recorded in Hubble's 1925 paper, "N.G.C. 6822, A Remote Stellar System". It includes areas of bright H II emission. In Paul W. Hodge's 1977 paper it was designated Hodge 4.
Its appearance is very similar to the filamentary nebula found in the Large Magellanic Cloud (see Meaburn 1981). It most resembles the circular ring-like nebula N70 in the LMC.

</doc>
<doc id="5848023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848023" title="Austin Hobart Clark">
Austin Hobart Clark

Austin Hobart Clark (December 17, 1880 – October 28, 1954) was an American zoologist. He was born in Wellesley, Massachusetts and died in Washington, D.C. His research covered a wide range of topics including oceanography, marine biology, ornithology, and entomology.
Biography.
The son of Theodore Minot Clark and Jeannette French Clark, Clark obtained his Bachelor of Arts at Harvard University in 1903. He had five children with his first wife Mary Wendell Upham, whom he married on March 6, 1906. Mary died in December 1931 and Clark was remarried in 1933 to Leila Gay Forbes.
In 1901, Clark organized a scientific expedition to Isla Margarita in Venezuela. From 1903 to 1905, he conducted research in the Antilles. From 1906 to 1907, he led a scientific team aboard the 1882 USS "Albatross". In 1908, he took a post at the National Museum of Natural History, which he held until his retirement in 1950.
Clark had important and various roles in a number of learned societies: to name a few, he was president of the Entomological Society of Washington, vice president of the American Geophysical Union, and directed the press service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Clark was author to more than 600 publications written in English, French, Italian, German, and Russian. Some of the most well-known include "Animals of Land and Sea" (1925), "Nature Narratives" (two volumes, 1929 and 1931), "The New Evolution" (1930), and "Animals Alive" (1948).
Several animal species and genera were first scientifically described by Clark, including the Lesser Antillean Macaw (1905), the Martinique Parrot (1905), the Dominican Green-and-yellow Macaw (1908), the Mulga Parrot (1910), the crustacean genus "Laomenes" (1919) or the starfish species "Copidaster lymani" (1948).
Zoogenesis.
Clark is most well known for his evolutionary theory called zoogenesis. He discussed this theory in his book "The New Evolution: Zoogenesis" (1930). His theory challenged the single tree view of evolution, according to Clark the major types of life forms on earth evolved separately and independently from all the others.

</doc>
<doc id="5848037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848037" title="Moses Magnum">
Moses Magnum

Moses Magnum is a fictional character, an arms dealer, terrorist, and supervillain in the Marvel Comics universe.
Publication history.
Moses Magnum first appeared in "Giant-Size Spider-Man" #4 (April 1975), and was created by Gerry Conway and Ross Andru.
The character subsequently appears in "Power Man Annual" #1 (1976), "The Uncanny X-Men" #118-119 (February–March 1979), "Marvel Tales" #212-213 (June–July 1988), "Classic X-Men" #25 (September 1988), "Deathlok" #11 (May 1992), #22-25 (April–July 1993), "The Avengers" #8-9 (September–October 1998), and "Exiles" #26-27 (July 2003).
Moses Magnum received an entry in the "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z" #6 (2006).
Fictional character biography.
Magnum was born in Ethiopia, but sided with Benito Mussolini's occupying army against his own people. Magnum later became a naturalized American citizen. 
He became president of the Deterrence Research Corporation (or DRC), the world's foremost independent weapons manufacturing firm. As an arms expert, Magnum battled Spider-Man and the Punisher. Magnum surprisingly survived after the Punisher exposed him to chemical weapons. Then, he seemingly fell to his death after a battle with Luke Cage. However, Magnum was rescued by Apocalypse and granted superhuman powers which Magnum dubbed his "Magnum Force." His powers included superhuman strength and geologically-based powers to cause earthquakes and sense disruptions in the Earth.
Tyrannus and his allies, They Who Wield Power, secretly gave Magnum technology which enhanced his superhuman strength and the power to focus vast amounts of energy so as to trigger earthquakes. Magnum next threatened to create earthquakes to sink Japan unless he was named the nation's ruler. His plan was foiled by an assault by the X-Men and Sunfire on Magnum's Kuril Islands headquarters. Banshee disrupted Magnum's earthquake beam, but suffered a long-term loss of his own sonic powers in the process.
Magnum later became an adversary of Deathlok and Black Panther.
Later, Magnum's efforts to regain control of his power and destroy a floating resort using a stolen experimental seismic cannon were foiled by the combined efforts of the Avengers and future Avenger Triathlon. His own powers opened a fissure beneath him, seemingly sending him falling to his doom.
Magnum somehow survived the fall, though how has not been revealed. At that time. He was present at the Pan-African Congress on the Treatment of Superhumans.
He next encountered Spider-Man. 
Moses escaped from prison through a plot to by Norman Osborn to give Daken good publicity and was almost killed by a massive explosion intended by Osborn to clean up the resulting mess.
Magnum next appeared in "Iron Man/Thor" attempting to sell a special satellite he invented.
Powers and abilities.
Moses Magnum’s body generates seismic force which amplifies his natural strength, gives him an unknown degree of durability and attunes him to seismic vibrations. He can unleash this energy to cause vibratory shockwaves, minor tremors or devastating earthquakes. These waves will emanate from his body in all directions unless he purposefully tries to channel them in a single direction, usually along the length of his arms and through the tips of his fingers.

</doc>
<doc id="5848040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848040" title="Stone &amp; Webster">
Stone &amp; Webster

Stone & Webster was an American engineering services company based in Stoughton, Massachusetts. Stone & Webster was founded as an electrical testing lab and consulting firm by electrical engineers Charles Stone and Edwin Webster in 1889. It was acquired and integrated as a division of The Shaw Group in 2000, then by Technip in 2012. The company provides engineering, construction, environmental services, and plant operation and maintenance. The company has long been involved in power generation projects and has worked on most American nuclear power plants. In the early 20th century, Stone & Webster was also known for operating streetcar systems in many cities across the United States; examples include Dallas, Houston and Seattle.
History.
Charles A. Stone and Edwin S. Webster first met in 1884 and became close friends while studying electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 1890, only two years after graduating, they formed the Massachusetts Electrical Engineering Company. The name was changed to Stone & Webster in 1893. Their company was one of the earliest electrical engineering consulting firms in the United States.
Stone & Webster's first major project was the construction of a hydroelectric plant for the New England paper company in 1890. Stone & Webster not only had valuable insight into developing and managing utilities but they also had keen intuition for businesses to invest in. Through the panic of 1893, Stone & Webster were able to acquire the Nashville Electric Light and Power Co. for a few thousand dollars and later sold it for $500,000.
Throughout the next ten years, Stone & Webster acquired interest in large number of utilities while offering managerial, engineering and financial consulting to a number of independent utility firms. Even though Stone & Webster were not a holding company, their financial and managerial presence meant that they had considerable influence in policy decisions. They would often be paid in utility stock.
By 1912, the company divided itself into three specialized subsidiaries:
In 1927, Stone & Webster expanded the investments business, merging its securities subsidiaries with the investment banking firm of Blodgett & Co. founded in 1886, to form Stone & Webster and Blodgett Inc. In January, 1946, the name of the business, was changed to Stone and Webster Securities Corporation. Stone and Webster Securities was one of the 17 U.S. investment banking and securities firms named in the United States Department of Justice's antitrust investigation of Wall Street commonly known as the Investment Bankers Case.
Stone & Webster, Inc., has since offered its customers in the United States and the world engineering, design, construction, consulting, and environmental services to build electric power plants, petrochemical plants and refineries, factories, infrastructure, and civil works projects. Stone & Webster helped build substantial portions of the nation's power production infrastructure, including coal, oil, natural gas, nuclear, and hydroelectric plants constituting around 20 percent of U.S. generating capacity. The company played a significant role in the nation's defense efforts during World War I and II and afterwards, helping develop the A-Bomb, constructing large shipyards, and creating alternate means of production of strategic materials such as synthetic rubber. Much of the world's capacity in petrochemical and plastics development was also developed as a result of Stone & Webster efforts.
Washington.
By 1908, Stone & Webster listed thirty-one railway and lighting companies under its management including five located in Washington. They were:
Stone & Webster was sensitive to the concerns of large utility holding companies and were careful to emphasize the complete independence of these utilities. In 1916, J.D. Ross, superintendent of Seattle City Light issued a critical report pertaining to Stone & Websters presence in Seattle and effectively showed that there were 49 companies under Stone & Webster's management.
Stone & Webster was also involved in Puget Sound area street railways. In 1900, they had controlled and merged eight small rail lines in Seattle. Soon after, they also took over the street railway systems of Tacoma and Everett.
Due to the promise of Washington's natural resources for hydroelectric power and seemingly limitless development opportunities brought companies like Stone & Webster. Edwin Webster believed that outside capital was crucial to develop the resources of Washington, and chided those who thought otherwise. In 1905, Stone & Webster bought out the power and lighting properties that were once owned by the Bellingham Bay Improvement Co. These included the York Street Steam plant and the partially built Nooksack Falls Hydroelectric Power Plant. Stone & Webster took over construction operations and on September 21, 1906, Bellingham received power from the plant via a 47 mile long transmission line.
1940s to present.
Stone & Webster was involved in creating the facilities and laboratories for the Manhattan Project. Prior to its acquisition it was also part of the Maine Yankee decommissioning project.
War efforts.
America's entry into World War II brought a dramatic increase in demand for all types of engineering and construction, and Stone & Webster became intensely involved in the war effort. According to former Stone & Webster president Allen, "Few elements of war production were not impacted in a significant way by Stone & Webster." Typical Stone & Webster wartime assignments included the design and construction of cartridge case plants, a complete steel foundry, a plant to produce bombsights and other equipment, a plant furnishing fire-control instruments, a facility producing aircraft superchargers, and three TNT-production plants, in addition to meeting demands for infrastructure and power facilities. The company was also called upon to engage in more creative projects.
Perhaps the most creative Stone & Webster wartime effort was its involvement in the Manhattan Project, which devised the atomic bomb. Beginning in early 1942, company efforts resulted in the establishment of a completely separate engineering organization employing 800 engineers and draftsmen in order to examine ways to obtain large quantities of fissionable uranium-235. Stone & Webster also built an electromagnetic separation plant and constructed a city in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, that ultimately housed 75,000 workers.
Postwar growth and the nuclear power industry.
Immediately after the end of the war, demand for Stone & Webster services rose rapidly among U.S. public utilities. Under the leadership of Texan George Clifford, the company began to build interstate gas pipelines and compressor stations and also became the largest single stockholder in the Tennessee Gas Transmission Company (Tenneco).
The company was also retained on tasks that helped shift the nation's economy from a defense to a civilian basis, such as estimating the costs of deactivation and stand-by maintenance of defense plants and shipyards, providing technical advice and services on Japanese reparations, evaluating the mobile equipment that remained in overseas theaters, and continuing work at Oak Ridge.
1950s and 1960s.
Stone & Webster was perhaps the most significant engineering company to be involved in the nation's developing nuclear power industry. Chosen after a competition with 90 other companies to build the nation's first nuclear power plant in Shippingport, Pennsylvania, Stone & Webster was subsequently selected to design and supervise the construction of a large accelerator at the Brookhaven National Laboratory, design the neutron shield tank for the nuclear-powered merchant ship N.S. Savannah, and engineer and construct a prototype atomic energy power plant for the U.S. Army.
The steady demand for electric power generation also meant an increase in construction contracts for more conventional power plants. By the early 1950s, Stone & Webster had built 27 separate hydroelectric plants constituting 5 percent of U.S. capacity, steam power plants aggregating six million kilowatts in capacity, and some 6,000 miles of power transmission lines.
During this time, the company also obtained a variety of chemical process contracts in the United States, Canada, Japan and other countries to meet the worldwide demand for plastics.
As the 1960s drew on, however, Stone & Webster's petrochemical and plastics activity began to slow as U.S. refinery capacity caught up with customer demand and declined accordingly. To smooth the impact of these fluctuations, the company diversified its process interests, developing, for example, a more extensive relationship with the paper industry. During the decade, the company designed the first commercial mill to make pulp from hardwood trees.
Slowing business activity also resulted in some conceptual restructuring within the company, including an effort to standardize designs in areas of proven success and placing a greater emphasis on the use of project work teams that combined staff with differing specialized skills. The increased emphasis on teaming fit well with Stone & Webster's need to address problems that developed in the energy supply sector in the mid- to late 1960s and was used in the design of synthetic natural gas plants, a liquified natural gas distribution center, and demonstration projects in coal and oil gasification.
1970s.
During the 1970s, major world events—including the OPEC (Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries) oil embargoes of 1973 and 1979, uncertainty in the chemical process industry with respect to feedstock supplies, increasing opposition to the use of nuclear power, and a growing public awareness of environmental issues—brought difficulties as well as new business opportunities for Stone & Webster.
The high prices that followed the embargoes, for example, constrained energy demand and thus reduced the need for new electric generating capacity. Utilities looked into every possible alternative to meet demand, short of constructing major new baseload stations, resulting in "one of the severest drop-offs in building in the history of the engineering-construction industry," according to former Stone & Webster president William Allen in "Public Utilities Fortnightly" (July 20, 1989). An equally severe, simultaneous downturn in international construction compounded the problem.
The investment banking affiliate, Stone & Webster Securities, had attempted to grow by acquiring two smaller, regional brokerage houses in 1968: Hayden, Miller & Co., based in Cleveland, and Atlanta-based Wyatt, Neal & Waggoner. That increased the number of offices of the firm from nine to 28, but cultural and style differences between the parent company's traditional engineering management and retail brokerage management led to an exodus of key employees, and the Securities firm closed its doors in 1974.
Challenges in the 1970s-1980s.
Stone & Webster's difficulties with constructing conventional power plants were matched by its problems in nuclear construction. By the late 1970s, the company had attained a central role in the nuclear power industry—a significant portion of all nuclear energy in the United States was being generated at plants designed and generated by Stone & Webster. In 1975, the company had been selected to construct the Clinch River Breeder Reactor. However, increasing public opposition to the construction of nuclear plants, lengthy delays brought by challenges before public utility commissions, and corresponding increases in plant construction costs, capped by the incident at Three Mile Island in 1979, brought about a moratorium on the construction of large nuclear plants and the cancellation of many existing orders.
The company began to respond to these challenges during the remainder of the 1970s and into the early 1980s. Stone & Webster met its clients' reluctance to build by improving engineering and construction efficiencies through the use of computer-assisted design and innovative working agreements with contractors and the building trades unions, as well as by providing services that kept plants operating safely, efficiently, and for a longer time than originally intended.
To further survive in this complex business environment, Stone & Webster began to more intensely solicit government and international business, increase its activity in the area of environmental protection and alternative energy production, continue its activity in extending the lives of existing power plants, and develop other areas of diversification as long as they did not distract from the company's core business—engineering. Stone & Webster also began to phase out those parts of the company that were unrelated to its core activities and no longer considered financially viable, such as its securities subsidiary.
1990s.
In the 1990s, Stone & Webster faced a business environment in which its core activities of power plant and petrochemical plant construction were lagging, and new areas targeted for growth had not yet fulfilled their potential. As a result, company stock performance was sluggish, and in 1992 a stockholder group headed by corporate gadfly Bob Monks attacked Stone & Webster management, asserting that the company had not exploited its assets to keep its stock price high and inquiring as to growth plans the company intended to institute in order to raise stock value.
In 1994, the company registered a net loss of $7.8 million despite revenues of over $818 million. Recognizing that a need existed to improve its financial picture, Stone & Webster opted for a further change in its traditional marketing strategy. The company centered its hopes for future growth on a broader expansion of its core businesses into global markets, a cutback in its dependence on power generation, and the expansion of its environmental and transportation efforts.
Stone & Webster's infrastructure and transportation activities during this time included the engineering and design of railway and other large transit systems, including part of the Washington, D.C. metro; major airport improvements in Denver and Miami; bridge construction, such as the eight mile-long bridge linking Prince Edward Island to the Canadian mainland; and roadway upgrading, including work on the New Jersey Turnpike. Moreover, the company's advanced computer applications efforts included the use of three-dimensional models; expert systems which monitored, diagnosed, and recommended solutions in areas from equipment vibration to chemical plant processing; and advanced controls that continuously monitored all plant operations.
Changes in leadership in the 1990s.
Despite its challenges, Stone & Webster appeared to retain considerable strengths on which to draw. Once the impact of strategies responsive to the business environment of the 1990s had been put in place, company officials and outside observers seemed reasonably optimistic about the company's prospects as it moved on into its second century.
There was little sign that anything was wrong at the company in the late 1990s. Stone & Webster announced it was selling some buildings in Boston in 1997 but claimed that this was only because the company had an excess of real estate. Stone & Webster also moved its corporate headquarters out of New York City and back to Boston, and sold or subleased office space in New York and New Jersey. Whatever was actually the case in 1997, by 1999 Stone & Webster had serious cash flow problems. Company executives later charged that chairman Smith had consistently underbid on projects in order to win business, putting Stone & Webster on shaky ground.
2000s.
The company collapsed in 2000 after a major bribery scandal. It had attempted to pay $147 million to a relative of Indonesian President Suharto to secure the largest contract in Stone & Webster's history. But the plan went bad, and the company fell along with it.
Subsequently, Stone & Webster filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2000 because of cash flow problems. It was bought at auction by the Shaw Group for US$150 million. The Shaw Energy and Chemicals division integrated Stone & Webster branded technology. Shaw's E&C division attempted to compete with other more successful engineering contractors such as Bechtel, Foster Wheeler, Jacobs and Technip. Since the Shaw buyout, the Power group performed record business in engineering and construction of coal-fired power plants and power plant environmental control retrofits including FGD and SCR technology. Due to Shaw's alliance with Westinghouse, Stone & Webster technologies and engineering were again very active in the developing nuclear power industry.
In 2002, it won a contract for managing a construction project for gas works for the Abu Dhabi Marine Operating Co. in the United Arab Emirates. It secured work on a power project in the United States and began other projects in the Middle East, Turkey, and China in the early 2000s. The company finally emerged from bankruptcy in late 2003. Under the Shaw Group, Stone & Webster was part of a global leader with revenue of over $3.3 billion. The Stone & Webster subsidiary retained 5,000 employees, working on construction and engineering projects, hazardous waste management, and environmental services across the world.
In 2008, "ENR" ranked Stone & Webster as a Shaw Group subsidiary as ranked first in revenue for Power EPC, and fifth by Revenue in Process & Petrochemical EPC.
In 2012, Technip agreed to purchase most of the Energy and Chemical Business of Shaw Group.
Technip announced on August 31, 2012, the completion of the acquisition of Stone & Webster process technologies and associated oil and gas engineering capabilities, as a new business unit of Technip.
This transaction was originally announced on May 21, 2012. It allowed Technip to :
Technip paid cash consideration of about €225 million from existing cash resources, which was subject to customary price adjustments.

</doc>
<doc id="5848042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848042" title="Lakshmi (2006 film)">
Lakshmi (2006 film)

Lakshmi (dubbed into Malayalam as "Lakshmi" and Hindi as "Meri Taqat") is a Telugu movie directed by V.V. Vinayak starring Venkatesh, Nayantara, and Charmme Kaur in the lead roles. The film was a "super hit" at the box office.
Plot.
Lakshmi Narayana (Venkatesh) is an elder son in a family with three brothers and two sisters.He is very strict about disciplining is brothers so that they become the man their father wanted then to be, to the point of belting them for coming home drunk. He owns a factory that is worth hundreds of crores. Janardhan (Shinde), a former employee of Lakshmi Industries who was accused of forgery, plans to take revenge on Lakshmi by creating division in his family.Soon Laksmi 's sister falls in love with a man and he is accepted by Lakshmi with the marriage concluding in a grand manner. It is later revealed that this man is the nephew of Janardhan. This leads to Lakshmi Narayana revealing to this siblings that he and his sister (the youngest of the five) were actually adopted by their parents at a young age as they were orphans who were being ill treated by their uncles and aunts. All this leads to the splitting of the siblings with Lakshmi and his sister being thrown out of the house by their younger brothers. It is also revealed that Lakshmi holds the wrath of a don based in Kolkata. How Lakshmi reunites his family, eliminates the don, and win his lady love, Nandini (Nayantara), forms the rest of story.
Box office.
The film was released in 316 screens, including 284 in Andhra Pradesh, 11 in Karnataka, 3 in Mumbai, 2 in Orissa, 2 in Chennai, and 14 overseas. The film collected Rs.8 crores in its opening week. "Lakshmi" was declared a "super hit" and collected around Rs.22 crores. It had a 50-day run in 215 centres. The film had a 100-day run in 94 centres.
Music.
"Lakshmi" has six songs composed by Ramana Gogula:

</doc>
<doc id="5848046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848046" title="Truck racing">
Truck racing

Truck racing is a form of motor racing which involves modified versions of heavy tractor units on racing circuits.
The sport started in the United States at the Atlanta Motor Speedway on June 17, 1979 and was the opening scene in the movie "Smokey and the Bandit II". As a sanctioned sport it began as ATRA (American Truck Racing Association) in 1979 then was sold to N. Linn Henndershott in 1982 and it became the Great American Truck Racing circuit. The races were run on dirt and paved ovals mostly in the Eastern United States. The trucks used in the beginning were actually working trucks with tandem rear axles and used street tires yet still attained speeds of 150 mph (241 km/h) on the front straight at Pocono Raceway and set the closed course record of 132 mph (212 km/h) in qualifying at Texas World Speedway by Charlie Baker on March 21, 1982. Most of its popularity early on came from the movie Smokey and the Bandit 
After 1986 when the series was bought by Glenn Donnelly of DIRT (Drivers Independent Race Tracks) the GATR trucks became highly modified with the bodies being cut and lowered, losing the tag axle and shedding more than 2,000 pounds in weight. The last sanctioned GATR race in the US was in July 1993 at Rolling Wheels NY.
In England, however, in the last few years the profile of truck racing has increased, and currently over 30 teams regularly compete. The sporting regulations came under the control of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) later, to ensure that the vehicles conform to the layout and original style of the truck, whilst defining the safety standards required to race.
Maximum race speed is restricted to 160 km/h (100 mph) for safety reasons, and a minimum weight limit is 5500 kg. Races start from a rolling start, and commonly races last from 8 to 12 laps. Although a non contact sport, due to the physical size, and closeness of trucks to one another during races, minor collisions can often occur. However, injuries to drivers are very rare.
Unlike other forms of motor sport, race trucks look like their road-going counterparts and conform to regulations to ensure that major components used are the same.
All drivers must hold a race licence issued by the Motor Sports Association, or the national motorsport body from the driver's country.
The makes of truck currently represented in truck racing cover most of the common marques over the last 20 years.
The regulations allow for trucks to compete in two classes, so trucks with less sophisticated engine management systems, suspension, and braking systems can compete effectively.
The organising body for truck racing in the United Kingdom is the British Truck Racing Association founded in 1984. The British Championships and race events are organised by the British Automobile Racing Club.
The FIA European Truck Racing Championship was created in 1985.
2014 Calendar.
Provisional Dates for the 2014 British Truck Racing Association Championship are as follows:
12 Apr 2014 - Brands Hatch
13 Apr 2014 - Brands Hatch
17 May 2014 - Pembrey
18 May 2014 - Pembrey
14 Jun 2014 - Thruxton
15 Jun 2014 - Thruxton
19 Jul 2014 - Nürburgring
20 Jul 2014 - Nürburgring
24 Aug 2014 - Donington
25 Aug 2014 - Donington
13 Sep 2014 - Snetterton
14 Sep 2014 - Snetterton
04 Oct 2014 - Pembrey
05 Oct 2014 - Pembrey
01 Nov 2014 - Brands Hatch
02 Nov 2014 - Brands Hatch

</doc>
<doc id="5848053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848053" title="Phil Dickens">
Phil Dickens

Phil Dickens (c. 1915 – November 16, 1983) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Wofford College (1947–1952), the University of Wyoming earning the Rocky Mountain Coach of the year honors in 1955 and 1956 (1953–1956), and Indiana University (1958–1964), compiling a career record of 89–68–10. Dickens was also the head basketball coach at Wofford for one season in 1941–1942, tallying a mark of 10–14.
During his tenure at Indiana, Dickens compiled a 20–41–2 record. His best season came in 1958, where his Hoosiers went 5–3–1, with upset wins over Michigan State, and the Michigan; earning him Big Ten/Midwest Coach of the Year and third place as National Coach of the Year. He was inducted into the Indiana Football Hall of Fame in 1974. Dickens attended the University of Tennessee, where he was a third-team All-American in 1936 and All-SEC at halfback.
Controversy.
During his time at Indiana University, Dickens was investigated for violations in athletic recruiting. Dickens was hired as the head Football coach at IU in 1957 after his success at Wofford College and Wyoming. Knowing that the Hoosiers were at a recruiting disadvantage, Dickens blatantly disregarded the rules, with reports of seventeen violations by the IU football program in his first three months. Reports stated that the school offered, "$50 per month, or expense-paid travel between the prospects hometown and Bloomington." Although no offenses were consummated, Indiana chose to forbid Dickens from performing any coaching related activities during the 1957 football season. Additionally, Indiana was placed on probation for one year by the NCAA.

</doc>
<doc id="5848057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848057" title="Bijou (footballer)">
Bijou (footballer)

Davidson Renato da Cruz Coronel (born 14 April 1986 in Praia), commonly known as Bijou, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Atlético Clube de Portugal in the Portuguese second division, as a central midfielder.
Football career.
After being spotted at local Sporting Clube da Praia by scouts from S.L. Benfica, Bijou moved to Portugal, playing his first year as a senior with the reserve side in the third division.
Benfica B folded after that season and he was loaned, alongside teammate Nicolás Canales, to Gondomar S.C. in the second level, where he only played one league game. Released by the "Reds" in the 2007 summer he met the same fate at his next club, C.D. Fátima, in the same division, having to resume his career in the lower leagues of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5848062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848062" title="Ada Crossley">
Ada Crossley

Ada Jemima Crossley (3 March 1874–17 October 1929) was an Australian singer.
Born at Tarraville, Gippsland, Victoria, she was the daughter of Edward Wallis Crossley, ironmonger, and Harriette, née Morris, both from Northamptonshire, England. Ada was the sixth surviving child in a family of twelve children. 
Crossley's singing in the country met with so much appreciation that she was sent to Melbourne to be trained, where Sir Frederic Cowen, (who had come from London to conduct the orchestra at the Melbourne International Exhibition of 1888–9), heard her sing and gave her advice. She studied under Madame Fanny Simonsen for singing, and under Alberto Zelman the elder for piano and harmony. 
Her first appearance was with the Philharmonic Society at Melbourne in 1889. She sang frequently in Melbourne at concerts and in oratorio, and was the principal contralto in the choir of Charles Strong's Australian Church. She made her début performance in Sydney in January 1892, and also became well known there, too.
In 1894, she went to Europe and studied under Mathilde Marchesi for voice production, and under (Sir) Charles Santley for oratorio work. Her first appearance in London was at the Queen's Hall on 18 May 1895, when she had an immediate success. For many years she held a leading place at music festivals and on the concert platform, and she gave five command performances before Queen Victoria in two years. She was also successful in America, and on returning to Australia in 1904 her tour was a series of triumphs. 
She also visited South Africa, and her second tour in Australia in 1908 was again very successful. She sang regularly at English festivals until 1913 but retired a few years later, though she made occasional appearances for charity. She never lost her love for her native country and her London house was always open to young singers and artists from Australia. There they received advice, hospitality, and sometimes assistance, without any suggestion of patronage. In 1905, she married Mr Francis Muecke CBE FRCS. There were no children. She died at London after a short illness on 17 October 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="5848065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848065" title="Albany Street Bridge">
Albany Street Bridge

The Albany Street Bridge is a bridge on Route 27 in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River. The bridge connects Highland Park on the east with New Brunswick on the west.
The bridge is so named because Route 27 in New Brunswick, from the Raritan River to Easton Avenue, is known locally as Albany Street.
The low stone arch bridge was built in 1887. It was widened in 1925, ten years after Route 27 had become part of the transcontinental Lincoln Highway. The bridge received modifications such as the chain link fencing in the 1960s. From the bridge's centennial in 1987 until 1991, a major renovation created a drastic traffic bottleneck in the area.
From the road, the appearance of the bridge is very modern. The best views of this historic arch bridge are from the banks of the Raritan River and from the nearby Northeast Corridor railroad bridge. Google Streetview has several good vantage points as well, from State Route 18, and so does Bing's Streetside..

</doc>
<doc id="5848075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848075" title="Man (word)">
Man (word)

The term man (from Proto-Germanic "*mannaz" or "*manwaz" "man, person") and words derived from it can designate any or even all of the human race regardless of their sex or age. The word developed into Old English "man, mann" meaning primarily "adult male human" but secondarily capable of designating a person of unspecified gender, "someone, one" or humanity at large (see also German "Mann", Old Norse "maðr", Gothic "manna" "man"). More restricted English terms for an adult male were "wer" (cognate: Latin vir; survives as the first element in "werewolf") and guma (cognate: Latin homo; survives as the second element in "bridegroom").
However, "man" in traditional usage refers to the species, to humanity as a whole. Equating the term for the male with the whole species is common in many languages (e.g. French "l'Homme"). For example, the German equivalent of "man" is "Mensch" which is male grammatically, but refers to a person in general, of either gender. The usage persists in all registers of English although it has an old-fashioned tone. Modern Standard Chinese has 男人 (man) and 女人 (woman) both diglyphs with 人 but 人 is analogous to the German Mensch, not English "Man" and the gender designations of individuals are both prefixed.
Etymology.
It is derived from a Proto-Indo-European root "*man-" (see Sanskrit/Avestan "manu-", Slavic "mǫž" "man, male"). The Slavic forms (Russian "muzh" "man, male" etc.) are derived from a suffixed stem "*man-gyo-".
In Hindu mythology, "Manu" is the name of the traditional progenitor of humankind who survives a deluge and gives mankind laws. The hypothetically reconstructed Proto-Indo-European form "*Manus" may also have played a role in Proto-Indo-European religion based on this, if there is any connection with the figure of "Mannus" — reported by the Roman historian Tacitus in ca. AD 70 to be the name of a traditional ancestor of Germans and son of Tuisto; modern sources other than Tacitus have reinterpreted this as "first man".
In Old English the words ' and ' (and ') were used to refer to "a man" and "a woman" respectively, while ' had the primary meaning of "adult male human" but could also be used for gender neutral purposes (as is the case with modern German "", corresponding to the pronoun in the English utterance "one does what one must").
Some etymologies treat the root as an independent one, as does the "American Heritage Dictionary". Of the etymologies that do make connections with other Indo-European roots, man "the thinker" is the most traditional — that is, the word is connected with the root *"" "to think" (cognate to "mind"). This etymology presumes that man is the one who thinks, which fits the definition of man given by René Descartes as a "rational animal", indebted to Aristotle's , which is also the basis for "Homo sapiens" (see Human self-reflection). This etymology, however, is not generally accepted. A second potential etymology connects with Latin "manus" ("hand"), which has the same form as Sanskrit "manus", and is the source of French "main", "hand".
Another speculative etymology postulates the reduction of the ancestor of "human" to the ancestor of "man". Human is from *', "earth", thus implying *' would be an "earthdweller". The latter word, when reduced to just its final syllable, would be merely *"m-on-". This is the view of Eric Partridge, "Origins", under "man". Such a derivation might be credible if only the Germanic form was known, but the attested Indo-Iranian "manu" virtually excludes the possibility. Moreover, *' is known to have survived in Old English not as ' but as "", the ancestor of the second element of the Modern English word "bridegroom".
In the late twentieth century, the generic meaning of "man" declined (but is also continued in compounds "mankind", "everyman", "no-man", etc.). The same thing has happened to the Latin word ': in most of the Romance languages, ', ', ', ', ' have come to refer mainly to males, with a residual generic meaning.
The inflected forms of Old English "" are
The inflected forms of Old High German word for "man" (without i-mutation) are
The inflected forms of the Old Norse word for man, "maðr", are:
Modern usage.
The word "man" is still used in its generic meaning in literary English. 
In "The Lord of the Rings", the capitalized form "Man" (plural: "Men") is used to refer to the race of humans (as distinguished from other races found in the Tolkien canon, such as Elves, Dwarves, and Orcs). When spelled in lowercase, "man" and "men" refer to adult males of any race (likewise, "woman/women" refer to adult females of any race). The ambiguity of the term plays a key role in "The Return of the King" in the confrontation between Éowyn and the Witch-king of Angmar. In the confrontation, the latter boasts that it has been prophesied that "no living man may hinder me", and is thereupon slain by Éowyn, a female human.
The verb "to man" (i.e. "to furnish fortress or a ship with a company of men" dates to early Middle English.
The word has been applied generally as a suffix in modern combinations like "fireman", "policeman" and "mailman." With social changes in the later 20th century, new gender-neutral terms were coined, such as "firefighter", "police officer" and "mail carrier," to redress the gender-specific connotations of occupational names. Feminists argued that the confusion of man as human and man as male were linguistic symptoms of male-centric definitions of humanity.
In US American slang, "man!" also came to be used as an interjection, not necessarily addressing the listener but simply added for emphasis, much like "boy!". 
Also in American English, the expression The Man referring to "the oppressive powers that be" originated in the Southern States in the 19th century, and became widespread in the urban underworld from the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="5848083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848083" title="Pagoda mast">
Pagoda mast

The pagoda mast was a type of superstructure that was common on Japanese capital ships that were reconstructed during the 1930s in a bid to improve their fighting performance. These modifications were deemed to be necessary by the Imperial Japanese Navy as a result of the "Battleships Holiday" that was imposed by the Washington Naval Treaty, which strictly limited the construction of new battleships.
Pagoda masts featured a mass of platforms that included watch points, searchlights, and spotting points. The superstructures were constructed on the majority of the ships that were rebuilt by the Japanese, including the "Kongō"-class battlecruisers and the "Fusō", "Ise", and "Nagato"-class battleships. The additional platforms were supported on the ships' original tripod foremasts (a design also extensively used by the Royal Navy) and these were suitably strengthened to bear the extra weight they had to carry.
Like the British Royal Navy, which was considered to be the likely enemy of Japan in the event of an armed conflict, the Imperial Japanese Navy wanted to prepare their warships for engaging in combat during the night. Prior to the outbreak of World War II, powerful searchlights were placed on the pagoda masts for the purpose of illuminating enemy ships at night. However, during the early 1940s, the searchlights mounted on the pagoda became less important as new radar technology was developed that allowed a ship to aim and shoot at targets located "over the horizon".
In the navies of Europe and the Americas, tall pagoda-style masts were generally frowned upon. Naval architects and sailors from the Western hemisphere claimed that the Japanese battleships were too "top-heavy" and critics often mocked these vessels by nicknaming them "Christmas Trees". Regardless of how valid these criticisms actually were, some of the pagoda masts that were built on Japanese warships during the 1930s were indeed very large. For instance, the top of the pagoda mast of the Imperial Japanese battleship "Fusō" was above the waterline.

</doc>
<doc id="5848094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848094" title="Sound City (company)">
Sound City (company)

Sound City is a British amplification company. Previously available in the 1960s the MARK 6 range was relaunched in 2007. Sound City amplifiers were British designed in the 1960s. The Sound City series was relaunched with the MARK 6 range, introduced by Arbiter in July 2007.
Arbiter, owned by Andrew Landesberg, went into administration in January 2009. Landesberg went on to purchase six music shops around the UK and branded them Reverb. In March 2010 Reverb also went into administration. Arbiter, who owned the name Sound City, also had a division called Arbiter Entertainment, which was set up by Andrew Landesberg. Arbiter Entertainment had also gone into administration in 2006.
The future of Sound City Amplifiers is now uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="5848101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848101" title="Hans Kauffmann">
Hans Kauffmann

Hans Kauffmann (March 30, 1896 in Kiel - March 15, 1983 in Bonn) was a German art historian.

</doc>
<doc id="5848103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848103" title="Hans Kaufmann">
Hans Kaufmann

Hans Kaufmann (born 13 June 1948) is a Swiss politician, member of the Swiss National Council and business consultant. He was born in Ettiswil.
Work life.
In professional life, Hans Kaufmann is the President of the Board of Directors of Kaufmann Research AG and consults on several other boards, particularly within the pension fund sector. Kaufmann was a member of the board of Swissfirst. Prior to that he was employed as Director and Chief Economist at Bank Julius Baer, where he was responsible for investment strategies in Switzerland. From 1986 to 1997 he headed the Department of Swiss Company Research. In addition to his work in this area, Hans Kaufmann has had extensive experience with a variety of brokers, such as Goldman Sachs, Salomon Brothers, and Kidder, Peabody & Co. in New York. He began working with Bank Julius Baer in 1980, after having served as a financial analyst with the Zurich Cantonal Bank (Zürcher Kantonalbank) since 1974. Hans Kaufmann began his career in 1973 as a gold mining analyst in Johannesburg. He has a master’s degree in economics from the University of Zurich (lic.oec.publ.).
Private life.
Since 1976, he is married to Jana Kaufmann with whom he has two adult children. Since 1994, Hans Kaufmann has lived and worked in the village of Wettswil am Albis, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="5848107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848107" title="Alan Haworth">
Alan Haworth

Alan Joseph Gordon Haworth (born September 1, 1960 in Drummondville, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player. He is the son of Gordie Haworth and the brother of Carey Haworth.
Selected in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres, Haworth was traded to the Washington Capitals in 1982. After five seasons in Washington, he was dealt to the Quebec Nordiques in 1987 in the trade that brought Dale Hunter to the Capitals. After one season in Quebec, Haworth was traded to the Minnesota North Stars for the retired Guy Lafleur after the 1991 NHL Expansion Draft, but Haworth opted to play two seasons in Switzerland before retiring from active play.
In 524 NHL games, he scored 189 goals and had 211 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="5848110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848110" title="Darkstalkers 3">
Darkstalkers 3

Darkstalkers 3, titled in Japan as , is the second sequel in the "Darkstalkers" series of fighting games by Capcom, originally released in arcades in 1997. The game was originally planned to be released as "Darkstalkers: Jedah's Damnation" outside of Japan, but this title was never used, while the chosen title was also used for the U.S. arcade release.
Gameplay.
The game retains the character roster of "", omitting Donovan, Huitzil and Pyron from the lineup. Taking their place were four new characters: Jedah, Lilith, Q-Bee and B. B. Hood. It also features a secret character/mode, Shadow, where the player assumes the identity of the defeated character for the next fight (e.g. if Morrigan is defeated, the next fight the player will play as Morrigan).
"Vampire Savior" eschews the traditional round-based system in favour of what is dubbed the "Damage Gauge System", where battles take place during a period of one round, with each fighter having two "life markers" (equivalent to two life bars) by default, which diminish after one character runs out of vitality. The player can also regain a portion of their life during battle if they manage to avoid taking further hits. The game also introduces the "Dark Force System" which allows players to perform special abilities unique to each character for a limited period.
Plot.
Jedah, one of the high nobles of Makai, is resurrected after a premature death long ago. Seeing the state of the demon world, he decides that the only way to save the world is to recreate it. To this end, he conjures a dimension known as Majigen, to which he summons worthy souls to feed his new world. As luck would have it, those souls belong to the characters from the first two games, in addition to three newcomers.
Release.
Updates.
Along with minor tweaks and changes to the characters' move lists, and the combo system (removal of air chains) the main difference between the two upgrades and the original "Vampire Savior" are in its character roster. "Vampire Hunter 2" features the same character roster and soundtrack as "Night Warriors" (which was known as "Vampire Hunter" in Japan), omitting the characters introduced in "Vampire Savior", while "Vampire Savior 2" features the "Vampire Savior" cast along with Donovan, Huitzil and Pyron, omitting Jon Talbain (as well as Dark Talbain), Rikuo and Sasquatch. Both versions feature Oboro Bishamon and Shadow as secret characters, as well as Marionette, with which the fights consist of "mirror matches" (e.g. Morrigan vs Morrigan, Demitri vs Demitri).
Home versions.
A Sega Saturn version was released in Japan only in 1998, which required Capcom's 4MB RAM cartridge. This version contains all 15 characters from the original "Vampire Savior" as well as the three "Night Warriors" characters who were left out of the original arcade release and brought back in "Vampire Savior 2"/"Vampire Hunter 2". Thanks to the 4MB RAM cartridge, this version more faithfully reproduces the 2D-animation fluidity of the arcade than either of the earlier console releases. However, while Shadow is available in the Saturn version, Marionette is not.
Also in 1998, an update of the game was ported for the PlayStation as Vampire Savior: EX Edition in Japan and "Darkstalkers 3" in North America. Although it is an EX version to the third canon game in the series, it is actually a compilation of "Vampire Savior" and its two Japan-only arcade updates. This version allows players to use all 18 characters and the two "hidden characters" (Shadow and Marionette) in all three games. It also features Oboro Bishamon and Dark Talbain as playable characters.
The game was included in "", a compilation of all five "Darkstalkers" arcade games that were released in Japan only for the PlayStation 2 in 2005.
In 2012, the ESRB administered a Teen rating for "Darkstalkers 3" for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. The game was released through PlayStation Network on April 24, 2012.
It was also included in a remastered form as part of the HD remix game "Darkstalkers Resurrection" for the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade. Unlike the previous release for this game on the PSN which used the PS1 version, the remastered edition is based off the original arcade release, so only the original 15 playable characters are available.
Related media.
Several different licensed tie-ins were released for the game in Japan:
Reception.
The game was met with a positive critical reception. In 2012, Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar included it among the little-known classic fighting games that deserve HD remakes, stating that "the game’s crisp spritework is a marvel to behold – especially in the backgrounds, which convey the kind of creepy atmosphere that compliments the supernatural fighters perfectly." In 2013, Eurogamer's Matt Edwards noted that "playing it today is akin to playing "" - not because these games are mechanically similar, but because Capcom tends to go the full distance with the second sequel."

</doc>
<doc id="5848119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848119" title="Ultimate Fighting Championship (video game)">
Ultimate Fighting Championship (video game)

Ultimate Fighting Championship is the first video game based on the Ultimate Fighting Championship mixed martial arts tournament. It was first developed by Anchor Inc. for the Sega Dreamcast on August 29, 2000, then by Opus for the Sony PlayStation on November 13 the same year, and finally by Fluid Studios for the Game Boy Color on November 27 the same year. All three versions were published by Crave Entertainment.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the Dreamcast version of the game a 32 out of 40. IGN gave the game a poor review.

</doc>
<doc id="5848132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848132" title="Rick Lapointe">
Rick Lapointe

Richard Paul "Jumbo" Lapointe (August 2, 1955 – October 17, 1999) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings, Philadelphia Flyers, St. Louis Blues, Quebec Nordiques and Los Angeles Kings.
Rick LaPointe married his high school sweetheart Rhonda and had three children named Tara, Andrea and Daniel. Rick loved to fish, ski, camp, watch his son play hockey, be with his family and was a devout Christian. He died in 1999 of a heart attack.
Career statistics.
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

</doc>
<doc id="5848139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848139" title="Roland Grapow">
Roland Grapow

Roland Grapow, (born 30 August 1959 in Hamburg, Germany) - is a professional guitarist and music producer. Roland is best known for his time in the leading power metal band Helloween, who he played with for 12 years after replacing founding member Kai Hansen. He is also known for leading the acclaimed power metal-based band Masterplan.
Biography.
Roland started playing guitar at age 12. His father bought him a guitar and had him to take guitar lessons, but Roland couldn't stand the theory part and his teacher told his father that Roland didn't have any talent for guitar playing.
Prior to joining Helloween, Grapow was a member of the heavy metal band Rampage. He joined the band in roughly 1979, and played on two of their studio albums "Victim Of Rock" in 1980, and "Love Lights Up The Night" in 1982. He left Rampage in roughly 1983. He was then fairly inactive until joining Helloween in 1989. Roland played on the albums "Pink Bubbles Go Ape", "Chameleon", "Master of the Rings", "The Time of the Oath", "High Live", "Better Than Raw", "Metal Jukebox", and "The Dark Ride".
During his time with Helloween Roland also formed a solo project. The first release, "The Four Seasons of Life", featured members of Helloween playing backup, with Roland trying his hand at singing in addition to guitar playing. On the second album, "Kaleidoscope", current and former members of Yngwie Malmsteen's band were utilized.
In 2001, Roland and bandmate Uli Kusch were fired from Helloween due to musical and personal differences. In 2012, on an interview with Metal Shock Finland's Chief Editor, Mohsen Fayyazi, Roland stated: 
Roland and Uli decided to go on with the side project they had been planning and formed the band Masterplan with former Ark and The Snakes singer Jørn Lande. After Uli Kusch left the band in 2006, Roland became the leader and main songwriter of Masterplan.
Roland is currently living in Zvolenská Slatina, Slovakia, where he works as a music producer at his own studio. In 2011 he mixed the album Motherland for the Italian progressive metal band Daedalus and played the guitar solo on the song "Underground". He also produced Czech metalcore band X-Core on their and debut album "In Hell" and also their latest "Life and stuff" record. Another Czech power metal band Eagleheart recorded their second album "Dreamtherapy" for Scarlet Records, with Roland producing, mixing, mastering and guesting vocals and guitar solos. In 2012 Roland Grapow mastered Nemesis, the tenth album of the Spanish metal band Saratoga.

</doc>
<doc id="5848146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848146" title="Come and Join Us">
Come and Join Us

Come and Join Us is the second studio release of the Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 1977.
The album continues with a style similar to the one of their previous album, which is something between country and southern rock. However, the music is more rock-oriented, and the lyrics show more depth.
Also - like their previous album - there is no lead singer per se. Instead, the lead vocals are handled by guitarists Bob Hartman and Greg Hough, and some guest singers. One of the guest singers is Greg X. Volz who later became the band's full-time singer.
Producing.
Bob Hartman wanted to title the album "God Gave Rock and Roll to You," after one of the songs. This song was written by Russ Ballard for his band Argent, and later became a rock and roll anthem, covered by other bands like KISS (1991) and Bride (1993). However, Myrrh Records deemed it to be inappropriate and forced Hartman to change the title. Petra would cover that song again in 1984 on their seventh album.
Another drawback for Hartman was the exclusion of the song "Killing My Old Man". It was recorded for this album, but was dropped by Myrrh before the album was released. The song remained a staple in concert, though, and was eventually recorded for the 1981 album "Never Say Die".
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.
Cover Art.
The cover art was done by Dennis Bellile while the band's logo was designed by Craig Yoe (Yoe-Yoe Studio).

</doc>
<doc id="5848153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848153" title="Philippe Eidel">
Philippe Eidel

Philippe Eidel is a French music producer, writer and film music composer.

</doc>
<doc id="5848169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848169" title="Thomas Chalmers (disambiguation)">
Thomas Chalmers (disambiguation)

Thomas Chalmers was a Scottish divine and a leader of the Free Church of Scotland.
Thomas Chalmers is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5848182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848182" title="Samuel Siegfried Karl von Basch">
Samuel Siegfried Karl von Basch

Samuel Siegfried Karl "Ritter" von Basch (9 September 1837, Prague25 April 1905) was an Austrian-Jewish physician who was best known as the personal physician of the emperor Maximilian of Mexico and the inventor of blood pressure meter.
Basch was educated at Charles University in Prague and the University of Vienna. In 1857 he studied chemistry at the laboratory of Ernst Wilhelm von Brücke in Vienna, and five years later began the practice of medicine. From that time until 1865 he was assistant to Leopold Ritter von Dittel, Eduard Jäger von Jaxtthal, Ludwig Türck and Eugen Kolisko (18111884) at the University of Vienna. In 1864, Basch was appointed chief surgeon of the military hospital at Puebla, Mexico. Soon after that, he was appointed as Maximilian's personal physician. Basch remained with Maximilian until his execution by firing squad at Querétaro on 19 June 1867.
When Maximilian realized that a few days at the most would decide his fate, he commissioned Basch, Lieutenant Ernst Pitner, and Major Becker to keep daily records of all that happened. When the emperor and his entourage were betrayed to Benito Juárez by Colonel Miguel Lopez on 14 May 1867, Basch rushed to saddle his horse, but was at once overpowered by the Mexicans. Basch lost most of his memoranda, saving only cursory notes. After the execution of Maximilian, he returned to Austria with the Emperor's body, arriving on 26 November 1867 on the "Elizabeth".
In 1870 Basch was appointed lecturer on experimental pathology at the University of Vienna, and in 1877 assistant professor. He was ennobled by Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria for his share in Maximilian's enterprise.
Literary works.
Basch's best-known work is "Erinnerungen aus Mexico" (1868), written at the request of Maximilian. In addition, he has written for technical journals a number of articles on the histology of the duodenum, the anatomy of the urinary bladder, and the physiological effects of nicotine. 

</doc>
<doc id="5848190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848190" title="Hipólito Restó &amp; Arte">
Hipólito Restó &amp; Arte

Hipólito Restó & Arte is
a few meters from the Obelisk of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires Argentina. It is a locale that combines art with traditional meals.
Located in Calle Sarmiento 948 of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires-Argentina-
The president Hipólito Yrigoyen, one of the most respected presidents in the history of Argentina who died on July 3, 1933, lived his last days in the area. His was the most crowded funeral in the history of Argentina, even in comparison with the funeral of Mrs. Eva Perón , Juan Domingo Perón, Raúl Alfonsín.
During the president's funeral, a squad of Grenadiers Regiment was present on Sarmiento Street, but public animosity against the government induced tumult. The squad subsequently withdrew, and The coffin was left in the house. The attendants were about to bring it into the hearse, but the roar of the crowd stopped him, "a pulse, pulse, pulse ..." "He shouted. The men wanted to honor Don Hipólito taking him in her arms. The tour of the house to the cemetery of La Recoleta lasted over four hours. He was accompanied by more than 200,000 people. Buenos Aires had never seen a crowd like this.
Hipólito Yrigoyen (Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 12, 1852 - ibid., July 3, 1933) was an Argentine politician, twice president of his country (1916-1922 and 1928-1930) and is representative of the Radical Civic Union . It was the first president of Argentina's history elected by universal suffrage.

</doc>
<doc id="5848203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848203" title="Birth, School, Work, Death">
Birth, School, Work, Death

Birth, School, Work, Death is an album by the alternative rock band The Godfathers, released in 1988. The album's release pre-dated the explosion of the alternative rock scene, and therefore went relatively unnoticed in the band's native UK.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by The Godfathers
Cover versions.
The Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut covered the song "If I Only Had Time" with lyrics in Serbian language entitled "Zločin" ("Crime") on their 2006 album "Eli".
Manhead covered the song "Birth, School, Work, Death" in 2004. Local H also covered the song "Birth, School, Work, Death" in 2003 and it appears on the The No Fun EP.

</doc>
<doc id="5848207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848207" title="Lloyd Eaton">
Lloyd Eaton

Lloyd W. Eaton (March 23, 1918 – March 14, 2007) was an American football player, coach, and executive. He served as the head coach at Alma College (1949–1955), Northern Michigan University (1956), and the University of Wyoming (1962–1970), compiling a career college football record of 104–53–4. Eaton then worked as the director of player personnel for the NFL's Green Bay Packers.
Growing up in Belle Fourche, South Dakota, Eaton was an outstanding football, track, and boxing athlete at Belle Fourche High School. After High School, he graduated from Black Hills State Teachers College where he played end and became captain of the team in his junior year. He remained at Black Hills after graduation, becoming the line coach there for one year.
Eaton then coached football at DuPre High School for several years leading up to his service in World War II.
Following the War, he returned to coaching at Bennett County High School in Martin, South Dakota, and then earned a master's degree at the University of Michigan. While at Michigan, he coached the 150-pound football team.
He began doctoral studies at Indiana University, then moved on to coach football at Alma College in Michigan. There his teams won the 1950 and 1951 Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association championship titles, and he compiled a record of 40–20–2. His influence there was felt by player Denny Stolz, who later became a successful coach.
Eaton was a detail-oriented disciplinarian who made a name for himself by introducing new techniques that helped smaller defensive linemen. "defensive linemen became very popular as a result," recalled Paul Roach, Eaton's assistant at Wyoming. "I think this became somewhat of a springboard for him to be elevated as a head football coach, and he certainly had an outstanding career as a head football coach."
Eaton left Alma in 1956, and coached at Northern Michigan University for one year before. From 1957 to 1961, Eaton served as defensive line coach at the University of Wyoming, and in 1962, he succeeded Bob Devaney as head coach there. In that role, he became one of the university's most successful coaches, compiling a record of 57–33–2. His greatest success came in the 1966, 1967, and 1968 seasons. In those three years, the team posted back-to-back 10–1 seasons, including a 14-game winning streak from November 5, 1966 to January 1, 1968, then followed this by going undefeated through the 1968 regular season. His teams won the 1966 Sun Bowl and played in the 1968 Sugar Bowl.
Eaton was coach during the 1969 "Black 14" episode in which 14 Wyoming players were kicked off the team for planning to wear black armbands during a game against BYU. The players were protesting the racial policies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Said Joe Williams, a team co-captain before he was suspended from the team: "He came in, sneered at us and yelled that we were off the squad. He said our very presence defied him. He said he has had some good Neeegro boys. Just like that." At San Jose State the team voted to wear multicolored armbands against Wyoming in support of the 14, and groups at other WAC schools demanded that Wyoming be dropped from their schedules.
Wyoming lost its last four games of 1969 and went 1-10 in 1970, and Eaton was fired and reassigned within the athletic department. Black athletes stayed away from the college athletic programs for the following decade.
Before leaving Wyoming, Eaton had compiled a career record of 104–53–5 and was the 16th winningest major college coach to that time.
In 1970, the NFL came calling, and Eaton became the Director of Player Personnel for the Green Bay Packers and later served as the western regional director for the BLESKO player rating service of the NFL. In 1973, he was elected to the Alma (College) Athletic Hall of Fame, and in 1984 to the Wyoming Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
Eaton retired in the mid-1980s, and died at the age of 88 on March 14, 2007 in Nampa, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="5848209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848209" title="Sausage factory">
Sausage factory

Sausage factory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848231" title="Juno Awards of 1996">
Juno Awards of 1996

The Juno Awards of 1996, representing Canadian music industry achievements of the previous year, were awarded on 10 March 1996 in Hamilton, Ontario at a ceremony in the Copps Coliseum. Anne Murray was the host for the ceremonies, which were broadcast on CBC Television.
Quebec-based independent classical label Analekta Records boycotted the Junos after failing to receive a Juno nomination after attempts for five years. Analekta claimed its sales were twice that of CBC Records.
Several record stores such as CD Plus, HMV, Sunrise and Music World also intended to boycott the Junos because competing music retailer Columbia House had signed on as a Juno advertiser.
Nominations were announced 31 January 1996. Prominent nominees were Alanis Morissette and Shania Twain who had recent internationally successful albums who both won Grammy Awards on 28 February 1996. Alanis Morissette won in five Juno categories, becoming this year's major winner.
Nominees and winners.
Levi's Entertainer of the Year.
This award was chosen by a national poll rather than by Juno organisers CARAS.
Winner: Shania Twain
Other Nominees:
Best Female Vocalist.
Winner: Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Male Vocalist.
Winner: Colin James
Other Nominees:
Best New Solo Artist.
Winner: Ashley MacIsaac
Other Nominees:
Group of the Year.
Winner: Blue Rodeo
Other Nominees:
Best New Group.
Winner: Philosopher Kings
Other Nominees:
Songwriter of the Year.
Winner: Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Country Female Vocalist.
Winner: Shania Twain
Other Nominees:
Best Country Male Vocalist.
Winner: Charlie Major
Other Nominees:
Best Country Group or Duo.
Winner: Prairie Oyster
Other Nominees:
Best Instrumental Artist.
Winner: Liona Boyd
Other Nominees:
Best Producer.
Winner: Michael Phillip Wojewoda, "End of the World" by The Waltons; "Beaton's Delight" by Ashley MacIsaac
Other Nominees:
Best Recording Engineer.
Winner: Chad Irschick, "O Siem" by Susan Aglukark
Other Nominees:
Canadian Music Hall of Fame.
Winners: David Clayton-Thomas, Denny Doherty, John Kay, Domenic Troiano, Zal Yanovsky
Walt Grealis Special Achievement Award.
Winner: Ronnie Hawkins
Nominated and winning albums.
Best Album.
Winner: "Jagged Little Pill", Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Children's Album.
Winner: "Celery Stalks At Midnight", Al Simmons
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Solo or Chamber Ensemble).
Winner: "", piano Marc-Andre Hamelin
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Large Ensemble).
Winner: "", Orchestre symphonique de Montreal, conductor Charles Dutoit
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Album (Vocal or Choral Performance).
Winner: "Ben Heppner Sings Richard Strauss", tenor Ben Heppner, The Toronto Symphony Orchestra, conductor Andrew Davis
Other Nominees:
Best Album Design.
Winner: Tom Wilson and Alex Wittholz, "Birthday Boy"
Other Nominees:
Best Selling Album (Foreign or Domestic).
Winner: "No Need to Argue", The Cranberries
Other Nominees:
Best Blues/Gospel Album.
Winner: "That River", Jim Byrnes
Other Nominees:
Best Mainstream Jazz Album.
Winner: "Vernal Fields", Ingrid Jensen
Other Nominees:
Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
Winner: "NOJO", Neufeld-Occhipinti Jazz Orchestra
Other Nominees:
Best Selling Francophone Album.
Winner: "D'eux", Celine Dion
Other Nominees:
Hard Rock Album of the Year.
Winner: "Jagged Little Pill", Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Roots or Traditional Album - Group.
Winner: "Gypsies & Lovers", The Irish Descendants
Other Nominees:
Best Alternative Album.
Winner: "What Fresh Hell is This?", Art Bergmann
Other Nominees:
Nominated and winning releases.
Single of the Year.
Winner: "You Oughta Know", Alanis Morissette
Other Nominees:
Best Classical Composition.
Winner: "Concerto For Violin And Orchestra", Andrew P. MacDonald, David Stewart, Manitoba Chamber Orchestra
Other Nominees:
Best Music of Aboriginal Canada Recording.
Winner: "ETSI Shon "Grandfather Song"", Jerry Alfred and The Medicine Beat
Other Nominees:
Best Rap Recording.
Winner: "E-Z On Tha Motion", Ghetto Concept
Other Nominees:
Best R&B/Soul Recording.
Winner: "Deborah Cox", Deborah Cox
Other Nominees:
Best Reggae Recording.
Winner: "Now and Forever", Sattalites
Other Nominees:
Best Global Album.
Winner: "Music From Africa", Takadja
Other Nominees:
Best Dance Recording.
Winner: "A Deeper Shade Of Love (Extended Mix)", Camille
Other Nominees:
Best Video.
Winner: Jeth Weinrich, "Good Mother" by Jann Arden
Other Nominees:

</doc>
<doc id="5848242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848242" title="Trevor Prangley">
Trevor Prangley

Trevor Prangley (born 24 August 1972) is a South African mixed martial artist. He has fought in the UFC, Strikeforce, Bellator, Dream, King of the Cage, MFC, the SFL, Shark Fights, and Bodog Fight. He competes in the Middleweight and Light Heavyweight divisions. He is the current King of the Cage Light Heavyweight Champion, the current Shark Fights Light Heavyweight Champion, and the former MFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early life.
Born in Cape Town, South Africa in 1972, Prangley grew up on a small farm tending horses, sheep, and chickens with his mother, father, brother, and sister. When Trevor was only 4 years old, his father asked him if he wanted to sign-up for wrestling classes at a local club. He didn't know it then, but that was the beginning of a long career in wrestling.
Trevor wrestled throughout his youth in South Africa. He won numerous regional and provincial titles and at age 23 captured the national title. This brought him close to his goal of making the South African Olympic team, but he lost the qualifying match in overtime and had to settle for alternate status. Disappointed and dissatisfied with the level of training he was receiving, Trevor decided to go to the United States to further his Olympic dreams.
He left his family behind and headed to Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. His hope was to make the lineup and secure a scholarship at North Idaho College (NIC), a local community college. This gamble paid off. Trevor received All-American status both years at NIC. Unfortunately, during the final match of his second year while ahead on points, Trevor tore his ACL and placed runner up. Frustrated that his eligibility was gone and he had not reached his goal of becoming a national champion, Trevor considered returning home to South Africa. Those thoughts soon disappeared as he began to receive numerous scholarship offers to continue wrestling at four-year schools. He was now motivated to begin aggressive rehab.
Despite doctor's predictions that it would be 9 months before being able to wrestle again, Trevor found a local Jiu-Jitsu school and began to train. Jiu-Jitsu enabled him to stay in shape and still have something to compete in while recovering. Just six months later, in 1998, he had his first amateur mixed martial arts fight. Even though he lost this fight to decision, he realized that mixed martial arts was the sport for him. He canceled his plans to resume college wrestling and went on a 19 fight winning streak before turning pro in 2001.
Early career.
His pro-career started as a Light Heavyweight at 205 pounds. He achieved six straight wins before fighting Renato Sobral, his toughest fight to date. It was losing this fight that made Trevor decided to move to middleweight 185 lbs. He decided to drop to a middleweight where he could feel more comfortable and strong. This proved to be a good decision. Trevor won his first fight at 185 pounds over Andrei Semenov of Russia and secured a fight in the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He made his debut in the UFC at "UFC 48", defeating Curtis Stout by submission. He is currently 2-2 in the organization, including a close decision loss to Jeremy Horn at "UFC 56". Prangley then went on to lose to Chael Sonnen at "Ultimate Fight Night 4".
Post-UFC.
Leaving the UFC, Prangley then fought for several organizations, including Bodog Fight, where he qualified for the USA vs. Russia card on the reality show, and defeated Andrei Seminov for a second time at the event.
Prangley defeated Yuki Kondo at BodogFIGHT: Alvarez vs. Lee via TKO (doctor stoppage) following the conclusion of the second round to win the Bodog Fight Middleweight Title.
Strikeforce.
He has fought several times for Strikeforce, which included competing in the middleweight tournament. He won a decision victory over Falaniko Vitale in the first round of the tournament, but lost to Jorge Santiago in the finals.
Prangley fought Tim Kennedy on 16 June 2010 at . and lost by submission (rear naked choke).
After this, he faced Keith Jardine in a non-title bout at "Shark Fights 13: Jardine vs. Prangley". He won via split decision.
On 29 January he fought in Strikeforce again and lost by a rear naked choke from Roger Gracie in the first round.
Shark fights.
In between his time with Strikeforce Prangley competed for the Shark Fights organization and won the Light Heavyweight Championship by defeating Marcus Sursa on 28 Nov. 2009 at Shark Fights 7.
He later fought in the main event of the Shark Fights 13 card by defeating Keith Jardine in a non title fight on 11 Sept. 2010.
Bellator.
Prangley made his Bellator debut at Bellator 58, against Hector Lombard at the catch weight of 195. In this non-title affair, Prangley lost to Lombard via TKO in the second round.
Super Fight League.
He next compete at India's Super Fight League's third event, SFL 3, against Baga Agaev. He won via third round KO.
He was expected to face Sokoudjou at SFL 5 in the main event.
King of the Cage.
Prangley fought Tony Lopez for the vacant KOTC Light Heavyweight Championship at KOTC: Vigilante. The fight was stopped in the fourth round after Lopez landed an illegal knee to Prangley's head and Prangley could not continue even after the 5 minutes allowed to recover. The bout then went to a technical decision where the judges scored a Majority Decision victory for Prangley.
Prangley made his fourth title defense when he faced Jared Torgeson at KOTC: Double Impact on 4 October 2013. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Personal life.
Trevor and his wife Sherrie had a son named Sebastian Zion on 23 May 2004.
See also.
Baga Agaev

</doc>
<doc id="5848248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848248" title="List of film serials">
List of film serials

A list of film serials by year of release.

</doc>
<doc id="5848260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848260" title="Chasmanthe">
Chasmanthe

Chasmanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family
which originate from South Africa. In their native habitat the flowers are pollinated by sunbirds. The genus name is derived from the Greek words "chasme", meaning "gaping", and "anthos", meaning "flower".
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5848270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848270" title="Band (mathematics)">
Band (mathematics)

In mathematics, a band (also called idempotent semigroup) is a semigroup in which every element is idempotent (in other words equal to its own square). Bands were first studied and named by ; the lattice of varieties of bands was described independently in the early 1970s by Biryukov, Fennemore and Gerhard. Semilattices, left-zero bands, right-zero bands, rectangular bands, normal bands, and regular bands, specific subclasses of bands which lie near the bottom of this lattice, are of particular interest and are briefly described below.
Varieties of bands.
A class of bands forms a variety if it is closed under formation of subsemigroups, homomorphic images and direct product. Each variety of bands can be defined by a single defining identity.
Semilattices.
Semilattices are exactly commutative bands; that is, they are the bands satisfying the equation
Zero bands.
A left zero band is a band satisfying the equation
whence its Cayley table has constant rows.
Symmetrically, a right zero band is one satisfying
so that the Cayley table has constant columns.
Rectangular bands.
A rectangular band is a band "S" which satisfies
Equivalently,
For example, given arbitrary non-empty sets "I" and "J" one can define a semigroup operation on "I" × "J" by setting
The resulting semigroup is a rectangular band because 
In fact, any rectangular band is isomorphic to one of the above form. Left zero and right zero bands are rectangular bands, and in fact every rectangular band is isomorphic to a direct product of a left zero band and a right zero band. All rectangular bands of prime order are zero bands, either left or right. A rectangular band is said to be purely rectangular if it is not a left or right zero band.
Normal bands.
A normal band is a band "S" satisfying
This is the same equation used to define medial magmas, and so a normal band may also be called a medial band, and normal bands are examples of medial magmas.
Regular bands.
A regular band is a band "S" satisfying
Lattice of varieties.
When partially ordered by inclusion, varieties of bands naturally form a lattice, in which the meet of two varieties is their intersection and the join of two varieties is the smallest variety that contains both of them. The complete structure of this lattice is known; in particular, it is countable, complete, and distributive. The sublattice of the 13 varieties of regular bands is shown in the figure. The varieties of left-zero bands, semilattices, and right-zero bands are the three atoms (non-trivial minimal elements) of this lattice.

</doc>
<doc id="5848271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848271" title="Danièle Dupré">
Danièle Dupré

Danièle Dupré was a French singer from the 1950s, most notable for representing Luxembourg in the 1957 Eurovision Song Contest with her song "Amours mortes (tant de peine)" – Faded Love (So Much Pain) – where she finished in a tie for fourth.
A fairly minor star, her recordings occasionally appear on eBay and other places where EPs and 45 RPM singles are sold, and appear occasionally on compilations of 1950s French music.
She spent some time in Brazil as a child. After returning to France, she appeared in a movie, "La Parisienne", and went on to receive operatic training. She apparently injured her voice during this training, turning to what was then considered light music.
She toured France, and was invited to perform in the Eurovision contest for Luxembourg. The contest had nowhere near the prestige it has today, and she was ambivalent about the song she was to perform. Like a few performers at the time, she only practiced her song once, at the pre-show rehearsal. At the competition, she met Paule Desjardins, the French contestant, with whom she maintained a long friendship.
Her recordings include several EPs for Polydor that include songs such as "Merci mon Dieu, La chanteuse de blues", "Mon vieux marin" (with the orchestra of Armand Migiani), "Paris-java", "Sarah", "Tu me donnes", "Une femme est jolie", "Mon coeur est un violin", "Marjolaine", "Patricia" and "La gommeuse de 1900".
She retired from the music business in 1958, realizing that rock and roll was eclipsing the music she performed. She turned to interior design, where her most notable work is in the terminal of the São Paulo airport. She gave an interview for the French OGAE (Eurovision fanclub) magazine in 1999 that was later translated into English and published in Eurosong News (the continent-wide OGAE magazine).
Source.
"La Semaine Radiophonique" - 11 November 1957 issue

</doc>
<doc id="5848297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848297" title="Tibia (music)">
Tibia (music)

A tibia is a sort of organ pipe that is most characteristic of a theatre organ.
Tibia pipes are generally made of wood, stopped, from 16' (Occasionally 32') with the top octave pipes (above 1/2', or 6" made of metal, stopped, and pipes from 1/4', 3" made of metal and open.
The mouth is cut very high, and the pipes have little harmonic development - the sound approaches that of a sine wave.
There is usually a tremulant on the wind for Tibia pipes - the increase and decrease of wind pressure gives "life" to the sound.
Tibiae.
The term can also refer to a type of primitive flute made from a (usually human) shinbone, such as that of a defeated enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="5848301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848301" title="Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial">
Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial

The Ardennes American Cemetery and Memorial is home to the graves of 5,329 members of the United States military who died in World War II. It is one of fourteen cemeteries for American World War II dead on foreign soil, and is administered by the American Battle Monuments Commission. The ninety and a half acre cemetery and memorial is located in Neuville-en-Condroz, near the southeast edge of Neupré, Wallonia, Belgium. It is one of three American war cemeteries in Belgium, the other two being at Flanders Field and Henri-Chapelle.
Layout and memorial.
The Ardennes American Cemetery is generally rectangular in shape. Its grave plots are arranged in the form of a Greek cross separated by two broad intersecting paths. At the east end of the traverse path is a bronze figure symbolizing American youth, designed by sculptor C. Paul Jennewein. The cemetery is surrounded on all sides by stands of trees.
An approach drive leads to the memorial, a rectangular structure bearing on its south facade a massive American eagle with three figures symbolizing Justice, Liberty, and Truth and thirteen stars representing the United States. This facade was designed by C. Paul Jennewein. The facade on the far (north) end, which overlooks the burial area, bears the insignia in mosaic of the major United States units which operated in northwest Europe in World War II. Along the outside of the memorial are the "Tablets of the Missing", granite slabs on which are inscribed the names of 462 American missing (15 Navy and 447 Army and Army Air Forces) who gave their lives in the service of their country, but whose remains were never recovered or identified. Within the memorial are a chapel, three large wall maps composed of inlaid marble, marble panels depicting combat and supply activities and other ornamental features.
History.
The site of the cemetery was liberated from Nazi control by the U.S. 1st Infantry Division on 8 September 1944. A temporary cemetery was established on the site on 8 February 1945. After the war, the Ardennes site was designated a permanent cemetery, becoming one of fourteen permanent cemeteries for American World War II dead on foreign soil. All temporary cemeteries were disestablished by the U.S. Army, and the bodies of those whose next of kin requested permanent interment overseas were moved to one of the fourteen permanent cemeteries.
The American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) oversaw the design and construction of the site. Architects Reinhard, Hofmeister & Walquist of New York City were hired to design the cemetery and memorial, while the landscaping was designed by Richard K. Webel of Roslyn, New York. Construction of the cemetery and memorial was completed in 1962.
The Ardennes American Cemetery served as the location of the Central Identification Point for the Graves Registration Service (now known as Mortuary Affairs) of the Army Quartermaster Corps during much of the life of the Service. The Graves Registration Service interred the dead at the Ardennes cemetery in the distinctive grave pattern proposed by the architect and approved by the ABMC. When the interment program was completed the cemetery was turned over to the ABMC for maintenance and administration.
Interments.
Many of the 5,329 people interred at the Ardennes American Cemetery died during Nazi Germany's final major offensive in the west, the Battle of the Bulge. They include some service troops who were fighting as infantry. Others died in the advance to the Rhine and across Germany, and in the strategic bombardment of Europe. Three-fifths of those buried in the cemetery were airmen.
The dead came from almost every state in the Union as well as from Washington, D.C., Canada, Denmark, England, France, Germany, Ireland, the Philippines, and the British West Indies. Seven hundred seventy-seven of the headstones mark the graves of 792 unidentified bodies. Among the headstones are eleven instances in which two brothers are buried side by side. There are also three cases in which two identified airmen are buried in single graves. Buried in the cemetery are two Medal of Honor recipients: Technical Sergeant Charles F. Carey, Jr., and Major John L. Jerstad. Their graves are marked by special headstones with gold lettering. A third Medal of Honor recipient, Captain Darrell R. Lindsey, is listed on the Tablets of the Missing. Also buried at Ardennes is Bert Stiles, a fighter pilot who wrote a posthumously-published memoir of his aerial combat experiences.
The cemetery is closed to future interments, with exceptions made for recently recovered remains of American World War II dead. In 1992, the remains of American war dead were discovered in a forest east of Elsenborn, Belgium. Through DNA testing, one set of remains was identified as Sgt. John T. Puckett of Wichita, Kansas, who had been listed as Missing in Action during the Battle of the Bulge. Puckett's family requested he be interred in the Ardennes cemetery; his burial there took place on 18 June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5848309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848309" title="DJ Disk">
DJ Disk

DJ Disk is a San Francisco Bay Area turntablist of Panamanian, Colombian, and Nicaraguan descent. Born Luis Quintanilla on October 7, 1970, in San Francisco, Disk began scratching and mixing vinyl at a young age. In 1992 he joined his long-time friend DJ Q-bert among the Rock Steady Crew DJs, later changing the group's name to the Invisibl Skratch Piklz.
As a founding member of the Invisibl Skratch Piklz, Disk has been an enormously influential DJ and is credited with inventing the 2 Click Orbit, The Crab, the echo fade technique and the 2 Click Flare Lazer Orbit techniques. He was later a founding member of El Stew, which, according to Allmusic, "dealt with the more experimental side of electronic music."
In addition to extensive hip hop work with the Piklz and others, Disk has collaborated with a wide variety of musicians working in other genres, including Herbie Hancock, Bill Laswell, Buckethead, Zakir Hussain, Mike Patton, Norah Jones, Flava Flav, Rancid, and Jack DeJohnette. He has been involved in over seventy recordings, and has performed in over fifteen countries. While not on tour, he lives in his hometown of San Francisco where he records and teaches turntablism. DJ Disk says he originated the term "turntablist" (see competing claims).

</doc>
<doc id="5848321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848321" title="List of awards and nominations received by Stacie Orrico">
List of awards and nominations received by Stacie Orrico

Stacie Orrico is an American Grammy Award-nominated pop singer-lyricist.

</doc>
<doc id="5848327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848327" title="Web interoperability">
Web interoperability

Web interoperability means producing web pages viewable in standard compatible web browsers, various operating systems such as Windows, Macintosh and Linux and devices such as PC, PDA and mobile phone based on the latest web standards. 
History.
This term was originated by the Web Interoperability Pledge that is a promise to adhere to current HTML Recommendations as promulgated by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The WIP was not a W3C initiative. but it was started by and has been run by ZDNet AnchorDesk quite independently.
This issue was known by cross browsing in browser war between Internet Explorer and Netscape. Windows Internet Explorer was the dominant browser after that, but modern web browsers such as Mozilla Firefox, Opera and Safari have supported web standards. Because of backward compatibility of Internet Explorer, many web pages has supported non-standard HTML tags and DOM handling script yet as well platform-dependent techniques such as ActiveX. These are very harmful for Web accessibility and Device Independence.
Activities.
It has been various activities, for example Web Standards Project, Mozilla's Technology Evangelism and Web Standards Group. Also there are educational activities such as Web Essential Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="5848330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848330" title="Devastator (comics)">
Devastator (comics)

Devastator is a name used by three fictional characters that have appeared in various comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Fictional character biography.
Devastator (Kirov Petrovna).
The first Devastator was Soviet officer, spy, and saboteur Kirov Petrovna, who wore a suit of power armor designed by the Gremlin. Gremlin was told by the State that his father, the Gargoyle, had been killed by the Hulk, and the deformed super-scientist sought revenge. Petrovna infiltrated the Hulkbuster base in New Mexico, and smuggled in the Devastator suit. He attempted to destroy the base under his Soviet leader's orders. During the battle with the Hulk, the Hulk caused the energy in the suit's gauntlets to misdirect the microwave energy back into the suit, incinerating both suit and wearer.
Devastator (Gregori Larionov).
The second Devastator was another Soviet officer, using a version of the Devastator suit re-built by Soviet scientists using the Gremlin's notes (Gremlin had defected in the meantime). He was sent by the Soviet government along with his Soviet Super-Troopers to Khystym to execute the Gremlin. This time, Devastator was defeated by Gremlin and two Spaceknights (Rom and Starshine), and his satellite power source was destroyed.
Devastator (presumably the same one) was next seen battling the Crimson Dynamo in a training exercise.
Devastator III.
In the pages of "Avengers World", a third Devastator appears as a member of S.P.E.A.R. where he is a member of S.P.E.A.R.'s Ascendants.
Powers and abilities.
The Devastator power armor was designed by the Gremlin. This full body armor is equipped with electronic devices which absorb microwave energy and can convert it for use as blasts of heat or concussive force. Its solar powered boot jets enable the wearer to fly at just under Mach 1, with range limited only by available light plus 3 hour battery reserve. The gauntlets contain microwave projectors that generate devastating force blasts. Because the battle-suit draws power from microwave energy beamed down from a satellite located in geosynchronous orbit, the suit's wearer must maintain a line-of-sight position relative to the satellite to avoid sudden power cut-off. The satellite itself was protected by ECMs which rendered it invisible to conventional modes of detection. 
The second Devastator also possesses extensive hand-to-hand combat training, while the original possessed limited hand-to-hand combat training.
Transformers character.
The Constructicon gestalt Devastator from The Transformers also appeared in Marvel (in comics and by Marvel Productions as a cartoon), making the third Marvel character to wear the name.

</doc>
<doc id="5848349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848349" title="Goerz (company)">
Goerz (company)

C. P. Goerz was founded in 1886 by Carl Paul Goerz. Originally, it made geometrical drawing instruments for schools. From 1888 it made cameras and lenses. During the First World War, Goerz's main production was for the German and Austrian military. Goerz is known primarily for Anschuetz strut-folding cameras, Dagor lenses and Tengor and Tenax cameras, later continued by Zeiss Ikon. C P Goertz also made a series of telescopic sights for sporting rifles that saw some use during the shortage of military sniping rifles experienced during the early stages of the trench warfare that was to characterise much of World War I. 
In 1895 Goerz founded a branch in New York that was to become the C. P. Goerz American Optical Co in 1905. This company continued to operate independently in the US until 1972. 
In 1908, Goerz Photochemisches Werk GmbH was founded in Zehlendorf, Berlin. This company produced roll film and film for the movie industry.
In 1926 the German branch of Goerz merged with ICA, Contessa-Nettel and Ernemann to form Zeiss Ikon. This had major consequences for the company; the Carl Zeiss company held a majority stake in the new company and demanded that the other firms end their lens production. This was the end of the famed Dagor lenses, at least in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5848352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848352" title="Five-hole">
Five-hole

The "five-hole" is a nickname for the space between a goaltender's legs in ice hockey. If a player scores by shooting the puck into the goal between the goaltender's legs, he is said to have scored "through the five-hole," or to have "gone five-hole."
Origin.
When a goaltender stands in the net in the ready position, there are five open areas (and two closed) that the goalie must cover. They are:
1. Stick side, low: this area is the lower half of the stick side, defined by the blocker and arm, the ice, and the outer post of the goal. During a butterfly save this area is also covered by the leg pad with the blocker stacked on top to protect against low shots. When a goaltender is standing, the paddle of their stick is used to cover this area and to deflect the puck away from the net.
2. Glove side, low: this area is defined by the goaltender's arm and catcher on the top, the ice on the bottom, and the outside post of the goal. During a butterfly-style save, this area is closed off completely and the catcher is typically stacked on top of the leg pad as the leg is extended to cover the post.
3. Glove side, high: this area is defined by the goaltender's arm and catcher on the bottom, mask on the inside, and the post and top of the goal on the outside.
4. Stick side, high: this area is defined by the goal post, top of the goal, and the goalie's arm and blocker. The top half of the goaltender's stick is held in this area, but is not commonly used for stopping the puck.
5. 'Five Hole': the fifth area is between the goalie's leg pads and skates. This area is protected by the blade of the stick at all times, and is closed up by the upper leg pads when the goalie is in the butterfly position.
6. Between the blocker and the leg pad or body
7. Between the glove and the leg pad or body.
Note: The numbers shown on the diagram do not match the numbers listed above. The diagram is incorrect.

</doc>
<doc id="5848358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848358" title="Cherry Creek (Tuolumne River)">
Cherry Creek (Tuolumne River)

Cherry Creek () is a swift-moving stream in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California, USA. It is a part of the watershed in the Emigrant Wilderness that drains into the Tuolumne River. At its headwaters, it flows through granite valleys similar to those found in Yosemite Valley, though these areas are accessible only to backpackers. The creek is dammed in one location, forming Cherry Lake.
Whitewater rafting on portions of Cherry Creek is classed in the very difficult Class V/V+ category and has been called by one commentator "without a doubt the most difficult commercially run river in the country."

</doc>
<doc id="5848372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848372" title="Nicca">
Nicca

The Nicca Camera Co. Ltd. started as the optical workshop Kōgaku Seiki Co. in 1940, founded by former employees of Canon. Its first camera, the Nippon, a close copy of the Leica rangefinder camera, was produced in 1942. 
In 1948, the company changed its name to the Nippon Camera Works, and a year later, to the Nicca Camera Works. It continued to build Leica-type rangefinder cameras, adding such features as flash synchronization, lever wind, a hinged film back, and projected viewfinder framing. Nicca also made cameras for Sears under the Tower name. 
In 1958, the company was acquired by Yashica, which manufactured and re-labeled the Nicca-33 and III-L as the Yashica YE and YF respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5848377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848377" title="Philip Potter">
Philip Potter

Philip Potter (born February 6, 1936) is a retired English singer and actor, best known for his performances in the tenor roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.
Early life and career.
Philip White Potter was born in Leicester. Potter's family moved to Wales, and young Philip learned to speak fluent Welsh as a boy, while his father worked on rocket technology during the war. He sang as a boy soprano in the church choir. Potter's family moved to Farnham, Surrey, where he played principal roles with the Farnham Amateur Operatic Society, including Strephon in "Iolanthe" (1955) and Barinkay in "The Gypsy Baron" (1956). 
He studied singing at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where he won prizes as a tenor and graduated with a teaching degree. Potter taught school for a while, and then debuted in the 1958 production of "Where's Charley?" at the Palace Theatre. In 1959, he appeared in "Marigold", "Flower Drum Song", and "Chu Chin Chow".
Potter joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in 1961, appearing as Earl Tolloller in "Iolanthe" and Colonel Fairfax in "The Yeomen of the Guard". Soon he took over the roles of Frederic in "The Pirates of Penzance", Prince Hilarion in "Princess Ida", Nanki-Poo in "The Mikado", and occasionally Marco and later, Luiz, in "The Gondoliers". When Thomas Round left the company in 1964, Potter also took over the role of the Defendant in "Trial by Jury", and, around the same time, the Duke of Dunstable in "Patience". He also sang Richard Dauntless in "Ruddigore", beginning when that opera was revived in 1967.
While he was with D'Oyly Carte, he also appeared every two weeks on the Welsh television show, "Land of Song". In 1975, during the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company's centennial season, Potter was invited to participate in the final performance of "Trial by Jury", in which the company's regular chorus was augmented by fourteen former stars of the company.
Later life and career.
Potter left the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in 1970 (the year after his co-star, Valerie Masterson left the company) to operate a 900-year old Devonshire ale house with his wife. He returned to the company as a guest artist to play several roles in 1970–71.
After giving up the Devonshire property some years later, Potter rejoined the D'Oyly Carte for the 1979 season, appearing only as Nanki-Poo in "The Mikado". Potter continued to perform occasionally, most recently appearing as Lord Tolloller with the Gilbert & Sullivan Opera Company in 2001 at the International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival, where he also occasionally gives master classes or participates in coachings and lectures.
Recordings.
With the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and Decca Records, he recorded the Duke of Dunstable (1961), Colonel Fairfax (1964), Hilarion (1964), Nanki-Poo in "A Gilbert & Sullivan Spectacular" (1965) (excerpts), and Frederic (1968), as well as "Songs and Snatches" (1970) (excerpts from several operas). Potter also participated in a 1965 BBC television broadcast of "Patience" as the Duke of Dunstable, and the 1966 film version of "The Mikado" as Nanki-Poo.

</doc>
<doc id="5848383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848383" title="St. Patrick's College, Silverstream">
St. Patrick's College, Silverstream

St Patrick's College is a state-integrated Catholic boys' day and boarding Secondary School located in Silverstream, Upper Hutt, New Zealand. It was established by the Society of Mary (Marists) in 1931 when the original St Patrick's College, Wellington (established 1885) was intended to be moved to a larger site more suited to a boarding school. In fact both Colleges survived and today share not only a common history, motto and spirit but also a good natured rivalry and competition in many endeavours. Silversteamers refer to the mother school simply as 'Town'.
The Silverstream College, quite often referred to simply by the suburb title or 'stream', is situated in 7 hectares of grounds between the Hutt River and the Silverstream Railway Station close to the suburbs of Silverstream and Heretaunga. As an integrated school, St Patrick's College is funded by the Society of Mary, Catholic Schools Board Limited and the New Zealand Government. 
In the 1980s, St Patrick's record was marred by a member of staff being involved in incidents of sexual abuse involving students. Reports of this sexual abuse were allegedly suppressed by the school Marist priests.
At its foundation much of the original College was transferred from the Wellington site including many of the Marist teachers, much of the memorabilia and the College colours. The brother Colleges today share an Old Boys' Association in recognition of their common heritage.
School sports teams have enjoyed success in Rugby union, cricket and athletics. Football, hockey and basketball are popular winter sports at the college.
Over the years of the College it has evolved from being primarily a boarding school into a largely day school with a small boarding facility. This demographic shift has resulted from several pressures including the huge increase in number of residents in the local area. In more recent years it has been necessary to cap the roll and introduce an enrolment scheme to ensure an equitable educational outcome for all local pupils.
The College celebrated its 75th Jubilee in 2006.
St Patrick’s College as a Catholic School bases its educational philosophy on Christian teachings and on the Marist tradition under which the school was founded.
The Marist Tradition.
The Marist heritage incorporates three characteristic features in education. It stresses the uniqueness and value of the individual person, the importance of the Christian community and the involvement of parents and family in the education of students. This concept stems from the Christian principle that each child is unique, invaluable and created by God. All students have positive and special value and the school endeavours to meet their individual needs and develop their special talents. Teachers aim at formation of the total person so that each becomes free and responsible, an integrated human being. By experiencing the respect and genuine concern of the school community students learn to love and respect others.
The school in 2008 officially changed their house group system. There are now four houses in the school instead of the original 6. they consist of Patrick house, Chanel house, Marist house and the Trinity house. Each of these houses represent one corner of the school's crest.
Notable alumni (old Patricians or Silverstreamers).
The college encourages former students to join the St. Patrick's College Old Boys Association (SPCOBA). The Association is based in Wellington and caters for Old Boys of both the Silverstream and Town colleges. Notable Old Silverstreamers include (with years attending the college in parentheses where available):
School song.
The School Song is entitled, "Sectare Fidem."
Bread of Heaven was also a traditional school song into the 1990s.
List of Former Rectors.
The school Principal of the college is called the Rector. In order to be Rector of St. Patricks College, Silverstream it is a requirement that the person is a Baptised Catholic or a consecrated Marist. Very few New Zealand Catholic schools at this time have a Priest, or Religious Brother or Sister as the leader of their school.

</doc>
<doc id="5848394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848394" title="List of X-Men enemy teams">
List of X-Men enemy teams

This is a list of some of the major foes of the Marvel Comics superhero team, the X-Men. This list is not comprehensive; the X-Men have been published nearly continuously since 1963, often in several concurrent titles, and have built up quite a long list of enemies.
Acolytes.
The "Acolytes" are a group of mutant fanatics who believe that mutants are destined to conquer and destroy normal humanity.
Alliance of Evil.
A band of mutant mercenaries who have been hired by Apocalypse, A.I.M., and other criminals.
Brotherhood of Mutants.
Several groups of terrorists have used this name. The team as it debuted in "X-Men" #4 (March, 1964), plus Astra who was retconned as an original recruit decades later.
Later Members
Children of the Vault.
Beings from a bizarre pocket of time who claim to be neither human nor mutant.
Clan Akkaba.
The descendants of Apocalypse. They first appeared in Apocalypse vs Dracula #1. While Blink and Chamber are descendants of Apocalypse, neither are considered members of the Clan.
Dark Riders.
Servants of Apocalypse, both mutants and Inhumans.
Dark X-Men.
Norman Osborn's Version of the X-Men to match his Dark Avengers.
Current Roster
Former Roster
Demons of Limbo.
Demons all possess varying degrees of mystical power and are inclined towards dark or “black” magic.
Externals.
A group of seemingly ageless mutants, each with their own schemes and agendas.
Factor Three.
A powerful organization led by the Mutantmaster with the goal of world-domination.
Freedom Force.
Former members of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, they were recruited as government agents, though they ultimately proved unstable. Not all of the group's members were mutants.
Gene Nation.
An offshoot of the Morlocks, who blame the X-Men for their plight.
Hell's Belles.
An all-female gang of mutant criminals, last seen working for Cyber.
The Hellfire Club.
Due to the long standing and secretive nature of the organization, not all of its members are known. The listed members are all part of the Inner Circle, also known as the Lords Cardinal, and are aware of the darker side of the club. The non-Inner Circle members include many wealthy or politically connected men and women of the Marvel Universe like Tony Stark and Norman Osborn and are generally unaware and/or uninvolved with the Club's illegal activities.
Two pairs of enforcers are available to Club members, called White Knights and Ebony Knights (presumably to prevent confusion with the Black Knight). They are genetically engineered beings who obey the Lords Cardinal without question. They are only seen in "Spider-Man Team-Up" #1
The Hellfire Club: London<br>
Hellions.
Hellions - A group of young mutants who worked for the White Queen. The team that debuted in "New Mutants" #16 (1984), including later members.
Emplate's Hellions - This group was referred to as the Hellions only in promotional material, not in the actual comics.
New Hellions- The team which debuted in "X-Force" #87 (1997).
Horsemen of Apocalypse.
The immortal villain Apocalypse uses these mutants to try to force his "survival of the fittest" ideals on humanity.
Marauders.
Mutants gathered by Mister Sinister to slaughter the supposedly "inferior" Morlocks in the Mutant Massacre.
Morlocks.
A band of mutant refugees and runaways living in tunnels under the streets of New York. They have been both enemies and allies to the X-Men.
Other Morlocks - In "Uncanny X-Men #397-398" a group of Morlocks living in the underground tunnels of London are introduced. This was their first and last appearance and it is unknown whether or not they survived the persecution from the Church of Humanity.
Morlocks (limited series) - In June 2002, Marvel released a four-part limited series entitled "Morlocks". In it, a small group of mutants living in Chicago help each other to fulfill their one last wish on the surface while trying to escape the mutant-hunting Sentinels.
Mutant Liberation Front.
Mutant terrorists organized by the time-travelling Stryfe.
Nasty Boys.
A gang of mutant thugs who work for Mister Sinister. Vertigo was a member of this team on the 1990s X-Men cartoon.
Neo.
The Neo are an offshoot of the mutant genome, that lived in seclusion from the rest of the world. When the High Evolutionary switched off all mutant genes, several Neo died, as they had been relying on their powers right in this instant; some drowned, others fell from great heights. The survivors became the Warclan and tracked down Mr. Sinister, who had allied with the Evolutionary, and attempted to destroy the power negating machinery, along with the X-Men as they had been in the Evolutionary's orbital station.
They were later approached by Magneto who wanted to add them to his army on Genosha, and it seems they were among the many victims of the Sentinels attack during which 16 million people died.
The Neo (at least the member of the Warclan) can share their mutant powers with their leader, and their non-mutant physical abilities are at the peak of human prowess.
In the latest issue of Giant Size X-Men, the Neo were all but wiped by a group of entities called Evolutionaries who decided that mutants were the true evolution of humankind and destroyed the Neo in a bid to safeguard the mutant race (since due to Hope Summers and the Five Lights, the mutant species once again showed signs of evolutionary viability).
Neyaphem.
According to Azazel, they are all that remain of an ancient clan of mutants with vast powers and demonic looks.
Omega Gang.
A group of teenage mutants from the Xavier Institute.
Press Gang.
A group of mutant enforcers for the regime of Genosha.
Reavers.
Mutant-hating cyborgs and street punks, led by Donald Pierce.
Rising Sons.
Asian mercenaries including mutants, a cyborg, and a Sorcerer
Savage Land Mutates.
Primitive humans genetically altered by Magneto.
Upstarts.
Amoral thrill-seekers who wager on the life and death of others.
X-Cell.
Depowered mutant terrorists on the hunt to regain their powers.

</doc>
<doc id="5848403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848403" title="Don Morton">
Don Morton

Don Morton (born April 10, 1947) is a former American football player and coach and currently a software executive. He served as the head football coach at North Dakota State University (1979–1984), the University of Tulsa (1985–1986), and the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1987–1989), compiling a career college football record of 76–51. Morton's 1983 North Dakota State team won a NCAA Division II National Football Championship.
Playing career and education.
A native of Flint, Michigan, Morton played center at Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois in the late 1960s and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology in 1969. He later earned a Master of Arts degree in education and administration from Western Illinois University in 1974.
Coaching career.
Morton began his professional career in 1969 as assistant football and head wrestling coach at Moline High School in Illinois, and served there through 1971. His successes at Moline High earned him his first collegiate position as offensive line coach and offensive coordinator at Augustana College in Sioux Falls, South Dakota from 1971 to 1976. He then moved on to North Dakota State University as offensive backfield coach from 1977 to 1978 and was named head coach there in 1979.
Nearing the end of his failed stint at Wisconsin, Morton, on his coaches' show, emerged from a coffin to declare that he wasn't dead yet.
Later years.
A few years after his tenure as head football coach at Wisconsin, Morton returned to North Dakota State as the Assistant to the President and Director of University Relations. He later joined Great Plains Software as chief of staff for CEO Doug Burgum. Morton became an employee of Microsoft Corporation through the acquisition of Great Plains in 2001. Morton is the site leader for the Microsoft campus in Fargo, North Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="5848421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848421" title="William T. Dwyer High School">
William T. Dwyer High School

William T. Dwyer High School is a public high school for grades 9–12 in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, United States. The school was named for William T. Dwyer, former vice president of Pratt & Whitney's Government Products Division and a community leader in Palm Beach County. It is best known for its Academy of Finance Program, which is part of the National Academy Foundation. It is also an International Baccalaureate school.

</doc>
<doc id="5848427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848427" title="Ludlow Street Jail">
Ludlow Street Jail

The Ludlow Street Jail was New York City's Federal prison, located on Ludlow Street and Broome Street in Manhattan. Some prisoners, such as soldiers, were held there temporarily awaiting extradition to other jurisdictions, but most of the inmates were debtors imprisoned by their creditors. The two most famous inmates of the Ludlow Street Jail were Victoria Woodhull and Boss Tweed. Seward Park Campus now sits on the site of the jail.
Victoria Woodhull.
Victoria Woodhull was an American suffragist who was publicized in Gilded Age newspapers as a leader of the American woman's suffrage movement in the 19th century. On November 2, 1872, U.S. Federal Marshals arrested Victoria and her sister Tennessee for sending obscene material through the mail. The sisters were held in the Ludlow Street Jail for the next month. The arrest was arranged by Anthony Comstock, the self-appointed moral defender of the nation at the time, and the event incited questions about censorship and government persecution. The Claflin sisters were found not guilty six months later, but the arrest prevented Victoria from being present during the 1872 presidential election.
"Boss" Tweed.
William Magear Tweed (April 3, 1823 – April 12, 1878), commonly known as "Boss" Tweed, was an American politician and head of Tammany Hall, the name given to the Democratic Party political machine that played a major role in New York City politics from the 1790s to the 1960s. After being arrested for bilking the city out of millions of dollars, Tweed jumped bail and was later apprehended in Spain. He was subsequently delivered to authorities in New York City on November 23, 1876. He was imprisoned in the Ludlow Street Jail, occupying the warden's parlor for $75.00 a week. Two years after being imprisoned, he died at the age of 55.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5848429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848429" title="MV Sygna">
MV Sygna

The MV "Sygna" was a 53,000 tonne Norwegian bulk carrier and now shipwreck on Stockton Beach in the Port Stephens LGA in New South Wales, Australia. The ship ran aground during a major storm on 26 May 1974 and the wreck has become an icon and landmark for the local area.
History.
Storm.
During May 1974 the New South Wales coast was being battered by large storms which brought heavy swells off both Sydney and Newcastle ports. Newcastle port reported a swell of over at the entrance.
The "Sygna" was on its maiden voyage, waiting for a load of 50,000 tonnes of coal destined for Europe at the time of the accident. It was anchored off Newcastle when the Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe storm warning and directive for ships to move out to sea. Seven of the ten ships anchored off Newcastle did so, however the "Sygna" was not one of them.
Beaching.
Early the following morning, with winds gusting at , the captain issued orders to set sail. Unfortunately, even with its engines at full-ahead the "Sygna" was unable to make any headway and the storm turned it parallel to the beach. It is reported that within 30 minutes it had run aground on Stockton Beach.
With heavy seas pounding the stricken ship, its captain radioed a Mayday and gave the order to abandon ship. An "Iroquois" helicopter from RAAF Williamtown’s Search and Rescue (SAR) Squadron flown by Flt Lt Gary McFarlane, attended the scene and slowly rescued the 31 trapped sailors from the ship in near cyclone conditions. Fortunately, no one was injured or killed in the incident. Gary McFarlane was awarded the Air Force Cross (AFC), with other members of his crew receiving commendations for their heroic efforts during the rescue.
The "Sygna" lost approximately 700 tonnes of oil during the accident. This oil was mostly dispersed by the heavy seas, and as such no cleanup or recovery action was undertaken.
Salvage operations.
After the storm had subsided the salvage operation commenced. The ship was swung around, which caused the heavier stern section to sink into deeper water. This caused the ship to break its back.
On 4 September a salvage team led by Japanese millionaire Kitoku Yamada refloated the ship after repairing several holes in the hull and then pumping out thousands of tonnes of water. The stern section was refloated first, followed by the bow, which had been resting deep in the sand. The bow remained afloat but unfortunately for the salvagers the stern again went aground about out from the beach and gradually settled in the sand as salvage crews stripped it of all items of value.
In November 1974 another salvage attempt was made of the stern of the "Sygna". This caused a very heavy oil spillage, which spread along a stretch of Stockton Beach. Bulldozers attempted to bury the oil in the sand above the high-water mark. After lying in Salamander Bay in Port Stephens for almost two years the bow section was towed away and broken up in Taiwan.
Icon.
The stern still lies on Stockton beach and it has slowly been decaying from the harsh elements in its environment. However, it remains as an icon and landmark for the local area. According to the Newcastle port authority, the "Sygna" is the last of 59 ships which have been lost on Newcastle shores, although it was first feared that the MV "Pasha Bulker" would join it as a new Newcastle icon after it ran aground on Nobby's Beach ( south of the "Sygna" wreck) on 8 June 2007. The "Pasha Bulker" was successfully re-floated on 2 July 2007 leaving the "Sygna" with its title.
On 14 January 2010 it was reported that the National Parks and Wildlife Service and shipping experts believe that the Sygna could rust to the waterline within ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="5848438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848438" title="Peter Westergaard">
Peter Westergaard

Peter Talbot Westergaard (born 1931) is an American composer and music theorist. He is Professor Emeritus of music at Princeton University.
Biography.
Westergaard was born in 1931 in Champaign, Illinois. He pursued undergraduate studies at Harvard University, graduating in 1953, and in 1956 obtained an M.F.A. degree from Princeton University. He studied with Roger Sessions, Walter Piston, Darius Milhaud, Edward Cone, Milton Babbitt and Wolfgang Fortner (Pratt 2001) in Freiburg/Germany.
He taught at Columbia University, Amherst College, and Princeton University before retiring in 2001. Westergaard continues to be active as a composer, mainly of opera and chamber music.
Composer and theorist.
Amongst former pupils of Babbitt, Westergaard stands out for his contributions to serial theory, as well as for his compositions, which are characterized by a delight in symmetry and mirror relationships, together with a concern for the systematic and integrated use of all the parameters of music, producing multileveled, clear, beautiful, and audible patterns (Griffiths 1981, 160–61).
Music.
Operas.
Film version of Alice in Wonderland published by Albany records 
http://www.albanyrecords.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=AR&Product_Code=TROY1198

</doc>
<doc id="5848453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848453" title="Fujimoto Photo Industries Co. Ltd.">
Fujimoto Photo Industries Co. Ltd.

Fujimoto is a Japanese company that produces photographic equipment; particularly lab systems, enlargers and slide projectors. It was initially founded in 1913 to make equipment, became established as Fujimoto Mfg Co (Fujimoto Seisakusho, 藤本製作所) in 1933, and began the production of cameras in 1934 and the production of enlargers in 1935. Some cameras were distributed by the Fukada Shōkai (深田商会) company. All activity stopped in 1945. In 1950 it was revived as Fujimoto Camera Mfg Co (Fujimoto Shashinki Seisakusho, 藤本写真機製作所). It very soon dropped the production of cameras, and it became Fujimoto Photo Industries Co Ltd (Fujimoto Shashin Kōgyō Kabushiki Kaisha, 藤本写真工業株式会社) in 1966.
4.5×6 folders.
The name Lucky is still used by Fujimoto for enlargers.
Other.
Other cameras named Prince are often attributed to Fujimoto:

</doc>
<doc id="5848456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848456" title="Radial (radio)">
Radial (radio)

In RF engineering, radial has two different meanings, both referring to lines which radiate from (or intersect at) a radio antenna.
The use of the radial method is more common in North America where the FCC and CRTC use it in Mediumwave transmission planning and regulation. In Europe and Asia, the use of radials has fallen out of favor since the 1970s and in many nations the radial antenna proof is only acceptable as an ancillary antenna proof. Canada and Mexico, due to lower population densities never implemented the fully complete radial models that the US FCC did.
The radial method has been falling out of favor for methods based on Cartesian coordinates. Cartesian methods require more CPU time (and memory) to compute, but are understood to more realistically represent antenna systems. The main importance of the radial methods is that a quick "antenna system proof" can be "completed in less than 15 minutes" (often in only 5 minutes) "not matter how complex the antenna system is" of a typical home computers CPU time.
The ITU over the past 50 years—in consideration of the various population densities of its members—officially mandates a minimum of 5 radials for an entire antenna system.
Usage.
Although many broadcasting regulators around the world had to find some way of regulating Longwave and Mediumwave antenna patterns and power, only the FCC chose to implement the radial method in its fullest form.
The FCC decision to use fully implement radials evolved from 1925 to 1975. Technology changed and by the 1980s computer terrain simulation of station interference and station patterns could be done on mainframes, typically using Cartesian methods not radial methods.
The FCC rules on radials were relaxed in stages from 1996 to 2013. It is expected that the 2013 ruleset for radials will probably endure without change for a decade.
Planning.
In the field of transmission planning, radials are evenly-spaced points (vectors) along evenly-spaced lines (bearings) from a common point on a map, which are used to determine the average elevation above mean sea level (AMSL) within a radio station's broadcast range (including broadcast stations and cellphone base stations, among others).
This in turn determines the station's height above average terrain (HAAT), which greatly affects its coverage area (more so than effective radiated power), and therefore the potential for RF interference with other adjacent stations or cells. This information must be submitted with an application for a construction permit. The points used for calculation may differ if a directional antenna is used.
Grounding.
Stations at low frequencies like shortwave, and especially the mediumwave/longwave AM broadcasting bands, require grounding or earthing wires to be buried in the soil in a radial pattern, in order to have a proper ground plane for the large mast radiators used as radio antennas at their long wavelengths.
These wires are also called radials, ground radials, grounding radials, or earthing radials. All metal objects within the near field of the radiator must also be tied to this system, or they will be energized with radio-frequency energy, and become an electric shock hazard, as well as potentially affecting or distorting the antenna pattern as a parasitic radiator.
In one unusual case, the strip mall built around the WSB AM tower near Atlanta has every metal object (such as plumbing and ductwork) grounded for this reason.

</doc>
<doc id="5848458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848458" title="Memphis and Charleston Railroad">
Memphis and Charleston Railroad

The Memphis and Charleston Railroad, completed in 1857, was the first railroad in the United States to link the Atlantic Ocean with the Mississippi River. Chartered in 1846 the gauge railroad ran from Memphis, Tennessee to Stevenson, Alabama through the towns of Corinth, Mississippi and Huntsville, Alabama. The portion between Memphis and LaGrange, Tennessee was originally to be part of the LaGrange and Memphis Railroad, chartered in 1838. From Stevenson, the road was connected to Chattanooga, Tennessee via the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. In Alabama, the railroad followed the route of the Tuscumbia, Courtland and Decatur Railroad between, Tuscumbia and Decatur, the first railroad to be built west of the Appalachian Mountains.
The American Civil War.
When the Civil War broke out in 1861, this railroad became of strategic importance as the only east-west railroad running through the Confederacy. On the morning of April 11, 1862, Union troops led by General Mitchell captured Huntsville, cutting off this railroads use for the Confederacy.
The railroad and its route through Corinth, Mississippi was a significant factor in the Battle of Shiloh in 1862.
While the railroad briefly survived the American Civil War, the effect of the war on the railroad was devastating and led to its merger into other railroads of the same fate and eventually to become part of the Southern Railway system.
The Memphis and Charleston Route Today.
The Memphis and Charleston Railroad eventually merged into the Southern Railway. The route is still in use today as part of the Norfolk Southern Railway line running between Memphis and Chattanooga, Tennessee. US 72 roughly follows the original route of the Memphis and Charleston between Memphis, Tennessee and Muscle Shoals, Alabama. From Muscle Shoals to Huntsville, Alabama Alt. US 72 follows the original Memphis and Charleston. US 72 follows the route again from Huntsville to Stevenson, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="5848474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848474" title="Doug Barfield">
Doug Barfield

Doug Barfield (born March 14, 1936) is a former American football player and coach. Barfield was the head football coach at Auburn University from 1976 to 1980 where he compiled an on-field record of 27–27–1 during his five-year tenure. Auburn was subsequently awarded two victories due to forfeits by Mississippi State in 1976 and 1977, thus improving Barfield's record to 29–25–1. Barfield lost all five games as head coach at Auburn against in-state rival, Alabama.
A native of Grove Hill, Alabama, Barfield played college football at The University of Southern Mississippi. Prior to becoming the head football coach at Auburn, he served as an assistant for several college football teams, including a stint as the offensive coordinator at Auburn from 1974 to 1975. After his dismissal as head coach at Auburn following the 1980 season, Barfield served as the head coach at several high schools in Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="5848481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848481" title="UFC 53">
UFC 53

UFC 53: Heavy Hitters was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on June 4, 2005, at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD.
History.
This event was originally scheduled to take place at the Yokohama Arena in Japan with an Interim Heavyweight championship bout between Andrei Arlovski and Mirko Cro Cop serving as the main event. However the lack of sponsorship for the event forced the event to be moved to Atlantic City.
Initially, former champion Ricco Rodriguez was slated to contend for the heavyweight championship, but withdrew from the bout, citing complications with his training camp. Headlining the card opposite of interim heavyweight champion Arlovski, instead, was Miletich protégé Justin Eilers. Although there was some criticism directed at the UFC for giving Eilers a title shot after coming off a knockout loss to Paul Buentello at "UFC 51", the UFC explained that Buentello was not medically cleared to fight when the main event was originally scheduled.
__NOTOC__
This was Forrest Griffin's first fight after winning The Ultimate Fighter show.

</doc>
<doc id="5848492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848492" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1870–1871">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1870–1871

This is a list of members of the sixth parliament of the South Australian House of Assembly, which sat from 27 May 1870 until 23 November 1871. The members were elected at the 1870 state election.

</doc>
<doc id="5848497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848497" title="Zerosumfree monoid">
Zerosumfree monoid

In abstract algebra, an additive monoid formula_1 is said to be zerosumfree, conical, centerless or positive if nonzero elements do not sum to zero. Formally:
This means that the only way zero can be expressed as a sum is as formula_3.

</doc>
<doc id="5848500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848500" title="Hayatus Sahabah">
Hayatus Sahabah

Hayatus Sahabah (English: Lives of the Sahabah) is a 2000+ page collection about the companions of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, written by Islamic scholar Muhammad Yusuf Khandlawi. This work was translated into English by Abdul Hye.
Faisal Award winner Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi wrote a preface.

</doc>
<doc id="5848515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848515" title="Intelligroup">
Intelligroup

Intelligroup, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITIG, OTC) is an Information technology (IT) services, solutions and consulting corporation.
The company was founded by Mr. Ashok Pandey in New Jersey on October 15, 1987 under the name Intellicorp, Inc. to provide systems integration and custom software development services. The company's name was changed to Intelligroup, Inc. in July 1992.
In June 2010, NTT Data Corporation of Japan bought Intelligroup in an all-cash tender offer for 100% of Intelligroup shares.
Intelligroup employs over 2,500+ professionals worldwide and has operations in the Americas, Europe, India, Middle East, Asia Pacific and Japan. Intelligroup has two development centers at Hyderabad (at ILabs and MHS) The center at JDC is now closed, on 2010 and one center at Bangalore in India.
Intelligroup, Inc. is a vertically led global Information Technology (“IT”) services organization and a leading provider of consulting, business optimization, and outsourcing solutions. The company provides end to end services including advisory, implementation, testing and application management and support services (“AMS”) of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solutions from SAP AG, and Oracle Corporation including PeopleSoft. It also provide e-business solutions using Java and the Microsoft .NET platforms, Verification, Validation & Testing and infrastructure management services.
Alliances.
Intelligroup has strategic alliances with SAP, Intelligroup Becomes Oracle(R) PartnerNetwork Platinum Level Partner Adobe Systems and Compuware Corp.
Intelligroup has also been ranked in leader category on The 2010 Global Outsourcing 100 List.
Intelligroup lately announced that they have received certificate of registration for a new joint venture company called Intelligroup Saudi Arabia Co. Ltd, a Joint Venture between Intelligroup and Al Tamimi Group, a large and very well respected business group in Saudi Arabia.
Customers.
Major Customers include

</doc>
