<doc id="5882292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882292" title="Diego Rivas">
Diego Rivas

Diego Rivas Gutiérrez (born 27 April 1980) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Eibar as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Rivas started playing as a senior in Atlético de Madrid's reserve sides, but could never break into the first team. In the 2002–03 campaign he served a loan at neighbouring Getafe CF, in the second division.
Having returned to the "Colchoneros" Rivas was definitely waived and, in January 2004, had a second Getafe spell, still contributing with 17 games to a first ever top flight promotion. He continued to be everpresent from 2004 to 2006, as the club achieved two consecutive ninth-place finishes in La Liga.
Rivas played the first of the following two seasons with Real Sociedad, appearing irregularly as the Basque were relegated and being loaned to Cádiz CF in the second level for 2007–08, in another ill-fated campaign.
Rivas excelled in the following second-tier seasons with Real Sociedad, rarely missing a match and helping the club return to the top level in his second year, while collecting 22 yellow cards combined. He featured in 32 contests in the 2010–11 season (31 starts), scoring against former team Atlético Madrid and Sevilla FC, both games ending in home losses, with the club eventually retaining its status.
In late June 2011, 31-year-old Rivas signed for Hércules CF in division two, agreeing on a 2+1 contract.
Personal.
Rivas' younger brother, Marco, is also a footballer and a midfielder. He played almost exclusively in amateur football, his biggest achievement being appearing in 13 games for AD Alcorcón in the third division.

</doc>
<doc id="5882293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882293" title="Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum">
Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum

Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada that is dedicated to Franco-Manitoban culture and history. It is located in the oldest building in Winnipeg, a former convent run by the Grey Sisters. Begun in 1846 and finished in 1851, the former nunnery has been an orphanage, a school, a seniors' home, and was the first incarnation of the St. Boniface Hospital. The museum contains many Franco-Manitoban and Métis artifacts. 
History.
The first Grey Nuns who lived in this house arrived in 1844, and lived with Bishop Norbert Provencher until the house had been started. The nuns moved into the house in December 1846, at which time only the exterior walls of the first floor and the floor of the second floor above the kitchen had been completed. Due to the extreme temperatures of the region, it was necessary to somehow insulate the room. The nuns used bison pelts hung from the ceiling to do this.
When the building was finished, there was a basement, two floors and an attic. The building was built using the Red River construction method (also called mortise and tenon or tongue and groove). The building uses no nails to hold it together.
Since the late 1960s, the nunnery has been administered by first, the city of Saint-Boniface, then the City of Winnipeg after the amalgamation of 1971.
The convent building was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1958.
The museum also has a permanent exhibit dedicated to Louis Riel, the founding father of Manitoba. On display are the coffin on which his body was placed after his execution, locks of his hair, his revolver, pieces of the rope used to hang Riel, the white hood placed on Riel before he was hanged, his shaving kit, his moccasins and other items belonging to him.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5882296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882296" title="There's a Poison Goin' On">
There's a Poison Goin' On

"There's a Poison Goin' On" is the seventh studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released July 20, 1999 on Atomic Pop Records in the United States. Its title is adapted from the title of Sly & the Family Stone's album "There's a Riot Goin' On" (1971). The album was originally made available through the Internet on May 18, 1999, via the now defunct Atomic Pop website.
Track listing.
The album was reissued in 2004 via Koch with bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5882310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882310" title="From Sea to Shining Sea">
From Sea to Shining Sea

From Sea to Shining Sea is a concept album and 26th album by country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1968 (see 1968 in music). Each track on the album was written by Cash; none of them were released as singles.

</doc>
<doc id="5882311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882311" title="Silt'e">
Silt'e

Silt'e (also transliterated Silte) can refer to a number of subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="5882313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882313" title="Investigating Sex">
Investigating Sex

Investigating Sex is a 2001 comedy/drama film written (screenplay) and directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Neve Campbell, Til Schweiger, Nick Nolte and Dermot Mulroney and based on the book "Recherches sur la sexualite archives du surealisme" by Jose Pierre.
After a long delay, the film was finally released on DVD in the US on December 23, 2007, with a different title, "Intimate Affairs".
Plot.
A group of men and two female stenographers scientifically investigate sex through discussion of its various aspects.

</doc>
<doc id="5882332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882332" title="Alive (S Club song)">
Alive (S Club song)

"Alive" is a song by S Club, released as a single on 18 November 2002. Called a "power-packed dancefloor thriller" in the "" inlay booklet, the track features strong disco beats and samples. "Alive" was the first single to be released under the S Club name rather than S Club 7, and it was also the first single to be released without Paul Cattermole. "Alive" was the penultimate S Club single and apart from the double A-side "Say Goodbye"/"Love Ain't Gonna Wait for You", was the only track to be released from the fourth album, "Seeing Double". It reached #5 in the UK Singles Chart. The B-side, "Discotek" was led and co-written by Tina Barrett.
Changes.
There were several changes made to the "Seeing Double" album following Jo's illness (a back problem in which she had to take time out of the heavy promo campaigns and gruelling schedules and dance routines). On "Alive", "Love Ain't Gonna Wait for You" and "Dance" the band re-recorded the lead vocals that Jo sung to be performed by Rachel Stevens, so Rachel could take centre stage during promotions. The release was originally planned to have CD1 with Jo, and CD2 with Rachel, but, the idea was later scrapped in favour of Jo's vocals. The song was the poorest charting and selling S Club single in the band's history, peaking at #5 in the UK. 
Another thing of interest regarding "Alive" was revealed on CD:UK's behind the scenes footage of the making of the video where Bradley revealed that the original version of the song showcased Paul on lead vocals rather than himself.
Song information.
Track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Alive".
Video information.
The video for "Alive" shows the group dancing in the "S" Club. "Alive" is also the only S Club video to not show Paul in some way, shape, or form. In "Seeing Double", Paul can be seen during the shots of the band playing live. In the music videos for "Love Ain't Gonna Wait for You" and "Say Goodbye", Paul can be seen in archive footage and replays of the band's previous videos respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5882349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882349" title="CornerShot">
CornerShot

CornerShot is a weapon accessory invented by Lt. Col. Amos Golan of the Israeli Defense Forces in cooperation with American investors. It was designed in the early 2000s for SWAT teams and special forces in hostile situations usually involving terrorists and hostages. Its purpose is similar to that of the periscope rifle; it allows its operator to both see and attack an armed target, without exposing the operator to counterattack.
Forms and variations.
The CornerShot's shooting range is claimed to be accurate and effective to 100 meters in 9x19mm, .40 S&W, and .45 ACP pistols, and is claimed to be effective to 200 meters with a 5.7x28mm pistol. The device is available in several variations, including the Beretta 92F, a model widely used by US security forces, the Glock, SIG SAUER and CZ, the mechanism can also mount various accessories such as detachable cameras, audio/video transmission kits, visible and IR lasers and tactical flashlights, suppressors and rubber bullets A standard pistol version is available, along with a 40 mm grenade launcher. Because they are fitted with high-resolution digital cameras, any variant can also be used as a surveillance tool. All the models come with the same stock camera and 2.5 in. color LCD monitor, providing a video observation and sighting system with transmission capability. The flashlight and camera lets it operate in either day or night. A variety of optional interchangeable cameras, as well as a folding stock, are available, and a universal accessory rail is standard.
Future versions will be mountable on the US M-16 and a European joint assault weapon. The system can also be remotely emplaced and operated from behind camouflage, with a wire video - out connection sending images to a commander at a distance or saved to a 2-hour 'flash memory' chip attached to the gunstock.
Standard.
The standard CornerShot mounts a normal semi-automatic pistol in the front part of the weapon, with a remote linkage to the trigger mechanism in the rear part, it has a trigger pull of 21 newtons (4.7 lbf). It is 820 millimetres (32.67 in) long, with a weight of 3.86 kilograms (8.5 lb).
40 mm grenade launcher.
The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading, single shot grenade launcher. Manually operated, it fires all 40mm grenades, less-lethal and non-lethal ammunition, and tear/irritant gas projectiles; spent cartridges are ejected for easier reloading. The same system is available in 37mm size for law enforcement agencies. The 40mm model has a rifling of 1:1.224, is 900mm long, and weighs 4.4 kg (9.5 lb). The muzzle velocity is 74.7 m/s (M-406 grenade). Its range for precision fire, single target is 150meters; and for area coverage, with fragmentation munitions, is 350meters.
Assault Pistol Rifle (or APR).
The Assault Pistol Rifle mounts a custom pistol in the front part of the weapon to allow the use of rifle cartridges. It fires 5.56 mm ammunition The APR pistol can be removed from the CornerShot frame.
CornerShot Panzerfaust (or CSP).
Debuted at the Eurosatory 2004 military trade show in Paris, a derivative of the system for use against armored vehicles is designed to fire Panzerfaust anti-tank rockets. It can turn 90 degrees instead of the standard 60 degrees The Panzerfaust-has a little info about the CornerShot Panzerfaust (and tells the name of the CornerShot Panzerfaust)
How it works.
In the standard version a pistol is mounted in the front end of the weapon, which bends horizontally at a mid-gun sixty-degree hinge There is a digital camera and a flashlight attached to the barrel in the bayonet position. On the butt side of the hinge are the trigger, camera screen (which is on a horizontal hinge just like the mid-gun hinge but it is off of the left side of the gun), and controls for the camera and light.
Similar weapons.
The periscope rifle was developed by Australian troops in the trenches of the Western Front in World War I. This earlier idea was simply a specialised "second" stock and trigger mechanism combined with a periscope to allow the shooter to remain safely "within" the trench and still aim and fire a rifle that was laid over the top of the trench.
The Krummlauf was a bent barrel designed for the Sturmgewehr 44, which was used by the Germans in World War II. It allowed for looking and firing around corners with its 30 degree barrel and a periscope-style sight.
China.
China has made two CornerShot-like weapons to date: the HD-66, which is based on the CornerShot, and the CF-06. Both models were first unveiled at the 4th China Police Expo (CIPATE) and developed by the Chongqing Changfeng Machinery Co Ltd and Shanghai Sea Shield Technologies Company. According to Qing Shanseng, chief designer of the HD-66 and CF-06, both systems are indigenous and were not done based on the CornerShot.
The two systems use the QSZ-92 as the main pistol.
Pakistan.
POF Eye is a special-purpose hand-held weapon system similar in concept to the CornerShot that can fire weapons around corners. It was first revealed at the 5th International Defense Exhibition and Seminar (IDEAS 2008), held at the Karachi Expo Center in November 2008. It is designed for SWAT and special forces teams in hostile situations, particularly counter-terrorism and hostage rescue operations. It allows its operator to both see and attack an armed target without exposing the operator to counter-attack.
Iran.
Iran has demonstrated a weapon that is very similar to CornerShot.
South Korea.
South Korea had publicly unveiled their own version of the CornerShot on March 23, 2010, created and developed by the Agency for Defense Development. The ADD had ₩350 million invested for research and development of their own CornerShot in September 2008. Its functions are similar to the original version, with the exception of a laser target designator and a pixel sensor included to assist in locating hostile targets.
The CornerShot made in South Korea is being developed by S&T Movic Co., Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="5882351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882351" title="Cyathea squamulata">
Cyathea squamulata

Cyathea squamulata is a species of tree fern native the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Borneo and the southern Philippines, including the Sulu Archipelago, where it grows in forest from the lowlands to an altitude of about 1500 m. The trunk is erect and up to 2 m tall. Fronds are pinnate or bipinnate and approximately 1.5 m long. The stipe is covered in densely packed firm, medium brown scales. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and lack indusia.

</doc>
<doc id="5882353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882353" title="Uwe Storch">
Uwe Storch

Uwe Storch (*12 July 1940 Leopoldshall) is a German mathematician. His field of research is
commutative algebra and analytic and algebraic geometry, in particular derivations, divisor class group, resultants.
Storch studied mathematics, physics and mathematical logic in
Münster and in
Heidelberg. He got his PhD 1966 under the supervision of Heinrich Behnke with a thesis on almost (or Q) factorial rings.
1972 Habilitation in Bochum, 1974 professor in Osnabrück and since 1981 professor for algebra and geometry in Bochum. 2005 Emeritation. Uwe Storch is married and has four sons.
Theorem of Eisenbud-Evans-Storch.
The Theorem of Eisenbud-Evans-Storch states that
every algebraic variety in n-dimensional affine space
is given geometrically (i.e. up to radical) by n polynomials.
Selected publications.
Günther Scheja and Uwe Storch, "Lehrbuch der Algebra", 2 volumes, Stuttgart 1980, 1988.
Uwe Storch and Hartmut Wiebe, "Lehrbuch der Mathematik", 4 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="5882354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882354" title="George Morton (Labour politician)">
George Morton (Labour politician)

George Martin Morton (born 11 February 1940) is a retired Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Morton was educated at Fettes College, Edinburgh, and Glasgow University. He was an elected member of Manchester City Council and of Greater Manchester Council in the early 1970s.
George Morton was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Manchester Moss Side at a by-election in 1978 following the death of Labour MP Frank Hatton. He served until the constituency was abolished in boundary changes for the 1983 general election, and failed to be selected for another Manchester seat.
After Labour went into opposition following the 1979 general election, George Morton served in the Labour Whips' Office and on Standing Committees on home affairs bills. He was noted for his support for civil liberties, including gay rights, and he spoke out on "miscarriage of justice" cases.
Before becoming an MP, George Morton worked as a local authority architect/planner, and he returned to this profession after leaving the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5882372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882372" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2003">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2003

Four gubernatorial elections were held in the U.S. in 2003. Kentucky and Mississippi held their general elections on November 4. Louisiana held the first round of its jungle primary on October 4 and the runoff on November 15. In addition, California held a recall election on October 7.
The Republican Party had a net gain of 2 seats in 2003, picking up an open seat in Kentucky, removing a Democratic governor in California, and defeating a Democratic governor in Mississippi, while losing an open seat to the Democrats in Louisiana. The election was unusual because every seat up for election changed hands.
Election results.
A bolded state name indicates an article specific to that state's election.

</doc>
<doc id="5882377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882377" title="Najoua Belyzel">
Najoua Belyzel

Najoua Belyzel (born Najoua Mazouri 15 December 1981 in Nancy, France) is a French pop rock/electronic singer of Moroccan-Egyptian descent.
Biography.
Najoua was born in Nancy, and grew up in a large family with three sisters and two brothers. Her father is Moroccan and her mother is Egyptian. Since childhood, she had shown an interest in music, and by age 14, had begun writing her own songs.
Najoua originally studied law beginning in 2001 at the University of Nancy, but left for Paris to pursue a career in music. She met some success after a casting call when she joined the group Benoît, who had a successful single called "Tourne-toi Benoît", which touched on the subject of homosexuality. The later singles from the group, however, only met moderate success, and eventually the group parted ways.
She kept on working with the group's songwriter Christophe Casanave, whose work had already been performed by popular French acts Steeve Estatof and Marc Lavoine. The two worked together on a song called "Stella", which would later appear on her debut album.
The song "Née de l'amour et de la haine" was Belyzel's first demo in 2002.
In 2005, Najoua released her first single, titled "Gabriel", an electric-pop dance track. The song became a huge hit in France, and peaked at number three on the Top 40 charts in France. It dealt with both homosexuality or even bisexuality and the impossible and pure love for an angel. The video was shot in an abbey. On 29 May 2006, she released her debut album titled "Entre deux mondes", which debuted at #7 on the French charts and at #1 on the iTunes France music store. In late 2006 and early 2007, she embarked on a tour with other artists across France and Francophone Europe to promote her album. 
Two other singles were released, ""Je Ferme les Yeux"" in June 2006, which was also an electro-pop title but it met with less success than "Gabriel". The theme was a prayer to God to make this world better. The third single was "Comme Toi" a song about duality and schizophrenia. The video clip featured two Najoua, a warrior-like blond and a trapped brunette.
The album is mainly electro-pop with some ballads. It deals with many different themes such as love, friendship ("Stella"), war, pedophilia ("Docteur Gel") her distress and disappointment when Najoua came to Paris ("Bons Baisers de Paris")
Najoua Belyzel released a new single, "Quand revient l'été", on 10 September 2007.
She has been compared to Mylène Farmer, mainly because the video clip for "Gabriel" was shot in the same abbey as one of Mylene's clip "Je te rends ton amour") and because they write about similar themes, but Najoua says she never wanted to copy Mylene and that they both have their distinctive universes.
During the Summer 2008 she released on the Iinternet a cover song of Marie Laforêt "Viens, Viens", but it was not meant to be a single.
Najoua returned with the new single "La Bienvenue". Some excerpts of the video clip were shown to the fans in December and the final clip was shown on TV in February. The single became available on legal donwloading platforms on 13 February.
The song is about a girl who feels rejected in this world and who does not see the good in her. The video features a mannequin becoming alive (played by Najoua) but who is then disappointed by the cruelty of the world and finally decides to return to her previous state.
Najoua's new album "Au Feminin" was released on 23 November 2009, three years after the first one. It includes a duet with Marc Lavoine called "Viola" as well as songs called "Hey Hey Hey", "Ma Sainte-Nitouche", "La Trève". Her song "Née de l'amour et de la haine" is also included.

</doc>
<doc id="5882379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882379" title="Apollo Cinemas">
Apollo Cinemas

Apollo Cinemas was a locally focused, independently owned multiplex cinema operator in the United Kingdom. In 2013 the chain was acquired by Vue Cinemas. Its stated mission is to welcome, engage and delight local audiences with a variety of onscreen entertainment and well designed, comfortable cinemas. Apollo shows mainstream blockbusters, independent film and onscreen entertainment such as music concerts, sporting events, opera and ballet.
Apollo currently has 14 cinemas, nationwide with plans to open new sites in Brentwood within the next two years.
On 25 January 2013, the acquisition by Vue Cinemas was completed with sites transferred to the Vue brand over the coming months. 4 sites were sold to Reel Cinemas with the final site sold to Curzon Cinemas.
Offer.
The company’s vision is to be a local entertainment hub by updating the cinema experience in two ways. Firstly, by developing its offer to show non-film product onscreen such as music concerts, sporting events, opera and ballet. And, secondly by developing new cinemas to include café-bars, lounge areas, gaming and Wi-Fi, wherever possible within existing sites.
Apollo was the first fully digital circuit in the UK, beginning its transition away from 35mm print in 2009. The estate is equipped with Sony 4K Digital Cinema projection, Real D screens and Dolby Surround sound. This equipment produces a picture detail at the highest level that the human eye can see.
History.
Once part of the large Apollo Leisure Group, Apollo Cinemas has a heritage in entertainment, live music and theatre.
After Leisure was sold to Clear Channel Entertainment, Apollo Cinemas was formed in April 2002 to purchase the UK cinema assets back. The acquisition was financed by Mrs Anita Gregg and HSBC. It comprised 11 cinemas and substantial investment led to the opening of new cinemas in London (2004), Fareham and Stroud (both 2005), Altrincham (2006) and Redditch (2007), together with significant improvement to the original cinema estate.
Apollo Cinemas Ltd is the UK's largest independent chain and accounts for around 1.25% of total UK box office admissions. It is the UK's 6th largest cinema operator in terms of number of screens with 83 screens over 14 sites.
On 11 May 2012 it was announced that Vue Cinemas were to buy Apollo Cinemas for £20m. On 25 January 2013, the sale was cleared by the OFT after Vue agreed to sell 4 sites to Reel Cinemas.
Escape Magazine.
Escape is a free bi-monthly film magazine published for and given away at Apollo Cinemas. It features information and posters for upcoming films at Apollo Cinemas. The magazine is also available to read on the Apollo website.
Former locations.
Due to the acquisition of Apollo Cinemas by Vue Cinemas, a number of sites were sold to Reel Cinemas.

</doc>
<doc id="5882381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882381" title="Banbridge High School">
Banbridge High School

Banbridge High School is a secondary school located in Banbridge, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area. 
The school was opened in 1957 with an initial enrolment of 438 pupils with 12 staff. Today the school has a total enrolment of 690 pupils and 48 staff (at July 2006). A new building was officially opened by the Duchess of Kent in March 1997. The current principal is Andrew Bell. Mr Bell joined as Principal in 2009.
In 2013 the Education and Training Inspectorate for Northern Ireland concluded that the school was satisfactory. GCSE results show that the school has achieved better grades in 2013 which would raise the standard even further. The school has been showing progressive improvements in results. The ETI inspection reflected that pupils are both courteous and show good behaviour. The school has an excellent LSC and provides for the needs of all pupils inclusively. 
In 2002 the school gained a Schools Curriculum Award. It plays a very active part in Banbridge Area Learning Community. This involves Banbridge Academy, Dromore High School, St Patrick’s College, Rathfriland High School, New-Bridge Integrated College, Southern Regional College as well as Banbridge High School itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882384" title="Samrat Upadhyay">
Samrat Upadhyay

Samrat Upadhyay is a Nepalese writer who writes in English. Upadhyay is a professor of creative writing as well as Director of Graduate Studies at Indiana University. He is the first Nepali-born fiction writer writing in English to be published in the West. He was born and raised in Kathmandu, Nepal, and came to the United States at the age of twenty-one. He lives with his wife and daughter in Bloomington, Indiana (United States).
He was an English professor at Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea, Ohio before moving to Indiana in 2003.
His books specially portray the current situation in Nepal, which Upadhyay views largely though the lens of contemporary American realist fiction. According to the "San Francisco Chronicle", Upadhyay is "like a Buddhist Chekhov." 
Bibliography.
"Arresting God in Kathmandu" (2001).
First published by Houghton Mifflin Company in 2001, "Arresting God in Kathmandu" is Upadhyay's first book. It is a collection of nine short stories. With "Arresting God in Kathmandu" Upadhyay won the Whiting Writers' Award.
The stories
1. The Good Shopkeeper
2. The Cooking Poet
3. Deepak Misra's Secretary
4. The Limping Bride
5. During the Festival
6. The Room Next Door
7. The Man with Long Hair
8. This World
9. A Great Man's House
"The Guru of Love" (2003).
First published by Houghton Mifflin Company in 2003, "The Guru of Love" is Upadhyay's second book and first full-length novel. "The Guru of Love" was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year 2003.
It is not the basis for the 2008 Mike Myers film "The Love Guru".
"The Royal Ghosts" (2006).
First published by Houghton Mifflin Company in 2006, "The Royal Ghosts" is Upadhyay's third book, a collection of nine short stories.
The stories
1. A Refugee
2. The Wedding Hero
3. The Third Stage
4. Supreme Pronouncements
5. The Weight of a Gun
6. Chintamani's Women
7. Father, Daughter
8. A Servant in the City
9. The Royal Ghosts
"Buddha's Orphans" (2010).
Published by Houghton Mifflin in 2010, "Buddha's Orphans" is Upadhyay's fourth book and second novel. Using Nepal's political upheavals of the past century as a backdrop, it tells the story of an orphan boy, Raja, and the girl he is fated to love, Nilu, a daughter of privilege. Their love story scandalizes both families and takes readers through time and across the globe, through the loss of and search for children, and through several generations, hinting that perhaps old bends can, in fact, be righted in future branches of a family tree.

</doc>
<doc id="5882385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882385" title="Counter-terrorism Rapid Response">
Counter-terrorism Rapid Response

The Counter-terrorism Rapid Response (Italian: Antiterrorismo Pronto Impiego, or ATPI) force, formed in 1983, is a special police unit of the Guardia di Finanza dealing with anti-terrorism in Italy. The unit took part in counterterrorism operations and VIP protection details in Italy. This unit has done operations in Albania, Kosovo and Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="5882392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882392" title="GNAS complex locus">
GNAS complex locus

GNAS complex locus, also known as GNAS, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "GNAS" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is the stimulatory G-protein alpha subunit (Gs-α), a key component of many signal transduction pathways.
Gene.
This gene locus has a highly complex imprinted expression pattern. It gives rise to maternally, paternally, and biallelically expressed transcripts that are derived from four alternative promoters and 5' exons. Some transcripts contains a differentially methylated region (DMR) at their 5' exons, and this DMR is commonly found in imprinted genes and correlates with transcript expression. An antisense transcript exists, and this antisense transcript and one of the transcripts are paternally expressed, produce noncoding RNAs, and may regulate imprinting in this region. In addition, one of the transcripts contains a second overlapping ORF, which encodes a structurally unrelated protein.
The GNAS locus is imprinted and encodes 5 main transcripts:
Protein.
Alternative splicing of downstream exons is also observed, which results in different forms of the stimulatory G-protein alpha subunit (Gs-α), a key element of the classical signal transduction pathway linking receptor-ligand interactions with the activation of adenylyl cyclase and a variety of cellular responses. Multiple transcript variants have been found for this gene, but the full-length nature and/or biological validity of some variants have not been determined.
Clinical significance.
Deficiencies are associated with: 
Mutations in this gene also result in progressive osseus heteroplasia, polyostotic fibrous dysplasia of bone, and some pituitary tumors.
Interactions.
GNAS complex locus has been shown to interact with RIC8A.

</doc>
<doc id="5882395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882395" title="Catch You">
Catch You

"Catch You" is a song by the British recording artist Sophie Ellis-Bextor for her third album, "Trip the Light Fantastic" (2007). It was written by Cathy Dennis, Rhys Barker and Greg Kurstin and produced by Kurstin. It was released as the album's first single on 19 February 2007. "Catch You" is a pop rock, electronic song and talks about Bextor chasing the guy that she wants.
It received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who commended the infusion of rock guitars and electronic beats, while calling it a strident and very good song. A music video was directed by Sophie Muller and it shows Sophie chasing a guy in Venice. The song performed moderately on the charts, reaching number 8 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking inside the top twenty on the Italian and Russian Singles Chart and inside the top fifty on the other countries.
Background and composition.
The single was first announced on New Year's Eve 2006, where Ellis Bextor performed the song on the BBC's "New Year Live" show. "Catch You" was written by Cathy Dennis and co-written and produced by Greg Kurstin. It is a pop rock, electronic song and combines guitars, zingy keyboards, nu wave angular guitars with a nagging pop melody. The lyrics concern Sophie possibly bugging various parts of her bloke's flat (mailbox, "easy chair", flatscreen), in the hope that she will "catch him".
Critical reception.
K. Ross Hoffman of Allmusic commented, "She sounds dramatically reinvigorated here, with a notable infusion of rock guitars and often a forceful, even menacing, electro edge to the productions, evident right out the gate in this strident, barnstorming first single." Nick Levine of Digital Spy called it "a turbo-charged stalker-pop." Emily MacKay of Yahoo! Music called it "a merciless first strike, a crisp, laser-cut, feather-light puff of dance-floor ephemera sprinkled with disco 'pow!'s, its '70s synth-Chinoiserie chorus given an icy aloofness by Sophie's plummy delivery." Stuart Waterman of Popjustice commented: "It is both a very good song and an excellent advertisement for romantic lunacy. It sounds not unlike what would happen if the Sugababes kidnapped Avril Lavigne and bullied her into playing guitar on one of their more 'upbeat' numbers." 
Talia Kraines of BBC Music wrote that the song "gave us a grittier Sophie." Stuart McCaighy of This Is Fake DIY gave the song a mixed review, commenting "It was perhaps a touch one-dimensional, too 'of the moment' for a lead single; its chorus dragged rather than ignited." However, Kitty Empire of The Observer expressed: "It's a rubberised stab of bunny-boiler club-pop, which deserved to chart higher than number 8."
Chart performance.
When the song was released, its immediate competition included Kelis's single "Lil Star", The Fray's "How to Save a Life", Take That's "Shine", Justin Timberlake's "What Goes Around..." and Mika's "Grace Kelly". "Catch You" peaked at #8 on the UK Singles Chart. The single also peaked at #33 on the ARIA Singles Chart and at #7 on the ARIA Dance Chart. The song also reached the B-list of Radio 1's official playlist and the A-list of BBC Radio 2's official playlist. The song stayed in the UK Top 40 for two months and went to sell 148,000 copies.
Music video.
The music video was subsequently filmed in Venice by Sophie Muller, and was released on 13 January 2007. The video has been compared to the movie "Don't Look Now".
Credits and personnel.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Trip the Light Fantastic, Interscope Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5882399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882399" title="Singapore City Council election, 1957">
Singapore City Council election, 1957

The 1957 Singapore City Council Elections was the first for the newly renamed council, as well as the first to open all seats for direct popular voting. Nomination day was on 18 November 1957, with voting held on 21 December in the same year.
A total of 32 seats were contested. Also up for contention, was the new office of Mayor of Singapore, which would be awarded to the leader of the political party with the majority of seats won.

</doc>
<doc id="5882404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882404" title="GNAS">
GNAS

GNAS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5882425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882425" title="Eric Rofes">
Eric Rofes

Eric Rofes (August 31, 1954 — June 26, 2006) was a gay activist, educator, and author who wrote or edited 12 books.
Biography.
Early life.
Eric Rofes was born on August 31, 1954 and grew up in Commack, New York. He graduated from Harvard University and went on to receive a master's degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1995 as well as a doctorate in social and cultural studies in 1998.
Career.
He was appointed to the White House Conference on the Family in 1980. He became director of the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center in the 1980s. In 1989, he became executive director of the Shanti Project, a nonprofit AIDS service organization in San Francisco. He resigned in 1993, following an audit that questioned how the group had spent federal funds. 
In 1998, while doing his PhD at UC Berkeley, Rofes wrote "", in which he argued that the AIDS crisis had passed and gay men needed to free themselves from the sense of emergency and victimhood. A review in The Nation described "Dry Bones Breathe" as "perhaps the most important book about gay male culture and community of the past decade." However, the book has also been castigated for only limning the experiences of 'middle-class, urban, white, gay men' instead of being more societally inclusive.
He was a professor of Education at Humboldt State University in Arcata, California, and served on the board of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and White Crane Institute. One of the last projects he worked on was the creation, with Chris Bartlett, of a series of "Gay Men's Health Leadership Academies" to combat what he saw as a "pathology-focused understanding of gay men" in safe-sex education. These workshops have continued as a continuation of his legacy.
Death.
He was living in Provincetown, Massachusetts, working on his 13th book when he died of a heart attack.
Legacy.
Humboldt State has established the Eric Rofes Center as a new program in his honor to continue his work in gay activism.

</doc>
<doc id="5882428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882428" title="Saint Humility">
Saint Humility

Saint Humility (Humilitas; ) (c. 1226 – May 22, 1310) was a founder of Vallumbrosan convents, and is considered the founder of the Vallumbrosan Nuns.
Born Rosanna Negusanti to a noble family from Faenza, she was married at the age of fifteen to a nobleman named Ugoletto (Ugonotto) dei Caccianemici (d. 1256). She bore two children, both of whom died in infancy. In 1250, Ugoletto became a monk upon recovering from an illness that nearly killed him. Rosanna entered the same double monastery of canonesses named Saint Perpetua, near Faenza, becoming a nun and taking the name Humilitas.
She became an anchoress in a cell attached to the Vallumbrosan church of Saint Apollinaris in Faenza, where she lived as a hermit or recluse for twelve years.
However, at the request of the abbot-general she founded a Vallumbrosan monastery (which became called Santa Maria Novella alla Malta) outside Faenza and became its abbess. Blessed Margherita became one of her disciples.
In 1282, she founded a second convent at Florence, dedicated to Saint John the Evangelist, where she died in 1310 of natural causes. She left a number of mystical writings. She is most known for composing and preaching nine Latin sermons, and for writing Lauds to the Virgin Mary in verse.
She was canonized on January 27, 1720, by Pope Clement XI.
Her feast day is celebrated on May 22.
The relics of Humility and her disciple Margherita are venerated at the convent of Spirito Santo at Varlungo near Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="5882447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882447" title="Bruce Douglas-Mann">
Bruce Douglas-Mann

Bruce Leslie Home Douglas-Mann (23 June 1927 – 27 July 2000) was a British politician.
Bruce Douglas-Mann was born at Bexhill, Sussex, the son of a solicitor, Leslie John Douglas-Mann, MC. 
Douglas-Mann was educated at Upper Canada College, Toronto, Canada before going to Jesus College, Oxford in 1948 where he read PPE. He qualified as a solicitor in 1954 and served as a councillor on Kensington Borough Council 1962-65 and on the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea from 1964.
Douglas-Mann contested St Albans in 1964 and Maldon in 1966 as a Labour candidate. He was elected Member of Parliament for Kensington North in 1970, then for Mitcham and Morden in February 1974. 
In 1982, Douglas-Mann was one of the later defectors among Labour MPs to the new Social Democratic Party. However, he made the unique decision to resign and seek re-election at a by-election upon his change of allegiance. He lost to the Conservative candidate Angela Rumbold and was pushed into third place when he stood again at the 1983 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="5882451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882451" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Greater Manchester">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Greater Manchester

<onlyinclude>
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Greater Manchester, a metropolitan county in North West England. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. , there are 21 sites designated within this Area of Search, of which 14 have been designated due to their biological interest, 5 due to their geological interest, and 2 for both biological and geological interest.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974-1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here, rather than splitting these sites between the Lancashire and Cheshire lists. The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
Sites.
</includeonly></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5882459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882459" title="Infostate">
Infostate

Infostate is an index used to measure the Digital Divide.
It was proposed by Orbicom, the International Network of UNESCO Chairs in Communications, in ""Monitoring the Digital Divide… and beyond"".
The conceptual framework of the index introduces the notions of a country’s infodensity and info-use.
Infodensity refers to the stocks of ICT capital and labour, including networks and ICT skills, indicative of a country’s productive capacity and indispensable to function in an Information Society. It includes ICT networks, machinery, and equipment, as well as ICT skills, indispensable for the functioning of information, knowledge-oriented societies.
Info-use refers to the uptake and consumption flows of ICTs, as well as their intensity of use by households, businesses and governments and the intensity of their actual use.
Infostate is an aggregation of Infodensity and Info-use indexes and represents the degree of a country’s ‘ICT-ization’.
The Digital Divide is then defined as the relative difference in infostates among economies. 
The Infostate index is used as a base for another index, the ICT Opportunity Index, proposed by ITU, International Telecommunication Unit in “From the Digital Divide to DIGITAL OPPORTUNITIES: Measuring Infostates for Development”.
The ICT Opportunity Index is in fact the merger of two well known initiatives, ITU’s Digital Access Index (DAI) and Orbicom’s Monitoring the Digital Divide/ Infostate conceptual framework and model.

</doc>
<doc id="5882468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882468" title="Rabindra Puraskar">
Rabindra Puraskar

The Rabindra Puraskar () or the Rabindra Smriti Puraskar () is the highest honorary literary award given in the Indian state of West Bengal. This award is administered by the Government of West Bengal under the aegis of the Paschimbanga Bangla Academy (Bengali Academy of West Bengal), Kolkata.The award is given for creative literature, non-fiction and books about Bengal in Bengali as well as other languages. 
From 1950 to 1982 this award was conferred on one or more writers for a particular outstanding work of him. From 1983 to 2003 this award was conferred to one or more writers as a recognition of their lifetime achievement. In 2004 and 2005, again this award was conferred on one or more writers for a particular outstanding work. Since 2006 this award again is being conferred to one or more writers as a recognition of their lifetime achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="5882471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882471" title="Thayeria">
Thayeria

Thayeria is a genus of tetras from the Amazon Basin, and the Approuague and Maroni Rivers in tropical South America. It includes three species, including the blackline penguinfish, "T. boehlkei". Members of this genus, among other characteristics, are small, have one lateral black stripe, and have a vesica piscis shape. They are peaceful.
Location and habitat.
"Thayeria" inhabits small streams and the margins of smaller rivers in the Amazon Basin of lowland Amazonia, where its is part of the highly diverse Neotropical fish fauna.

</doc>
<doc id="5882475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882475" title="Minnie and Moskowitz">
Minnie and Moskowitz

Minnie and Moskowitz is a film by John Cassavetes, starring his wife, Gena Rowlands, and actor Seymour Cassel in the title roles of Minnie and Moskowitz, respectively.
Plot.
Following a break-up, Minnie Moore, a museum curator, becomes disillusioned by love and meaningful relationships. But after a seemingly chance encounter, she meets Seymour Moskowitz, a parking-lot attendant. After this event, Moskowitz falls in love with Minnie, trying desperately to get her to love him back.
Production.
It was one of a small number of low-budget (less than $1 million) films bankrolled by Universal Studios in the early 70s, in an attempt to copy the success of "Easy Rider". Several months after the film's release, Universal Studios decided to shorten the running time by cutting out a scene near the beginning of the film, even though it violated their contract with Cassavetes. All releases (including the Anchor Bay DVD) since that time are missing this scene.
Reception.
In 1973, Cassavetes was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Comedy Written Directly for the Screen.

</doc>
<doc id="5882478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882478" title="National Democratic Alliance (Trinidad &amp; Tobago)">
National Democratic Alliance (Trinidad &amp; Tobago)

The National Democratic Alliance is a political party in Trinidad and Tobago. It was formed in July 2006 by an alliance of the National Democratic Party of Micheal Sims, the Democratic Party of Trinidad and Tobago led by Steve Alvarez, the National Alliance for Reconstruction led by Carson Charles,
The latter two entities had previously been part of a grouping called the Democratic National Alliance in June 2006, which had also included the Democratic National Assembly (DNA), the Grassroots Foundation and independent MP Gerald Yetming. When the DNA withdrew from the alliance and the NDP joined it the grouping renamed itself the National Democratic Alliance.
The Democratic National Alliance was under the interim leadership of former United National Congress politician Gerald Yetming, with Steve Alvarez (leader of the DPTT) as Deputy Chairman, Hugh Wooding Thomas as Secretary, Afra Raymond, (NAR Political Leader) Carson Charles as Policy officer and Hilda Goodial as Elections officer.
In September 2006, Yetming joined the newly formed Congress of the People led by Mr. Dookeran. He advised that other NDA members follow him. In late October the Grassroots Foundation followed Yetming and joined the COP.
On October 3, 2006 the NDA announced that it would continue to exist as a party separate from the Congress of the People. Carson Charles was elected Political Leader and Hilda Goodial was elected Chairman.
On 10 July 2007 it was announced that the Constituent parties of the NDA namely the DPTT, NDP and the NAR would be joining with the United National Congress in a new formation titled the UNC/Alliance. The Tobago branch of the NAR announced that it was not part of this new formation.

</doc>
<doc id="5882482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882482" title="PHT">
PHT

PHT can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5882490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882490" title="Octane (film)">
Octane (film)

Octane (known as Pulse in the United States) is a 2002 thriller film directed by Marcus Adams and starring Madeleine Stowe, Mischa Barton and Norman Reedus. The film follows a divorced mother (Stowe) and her teenage daughter (Barton) on a late-night road trip, and the mother's battle to find her daughter after she gets caught up with a bizarre cult of young criminals at a truck stop. Shot largely in Luxembourg, the film features a soundtrack by dance duo Orbital.
Plot.
Single mother Senga (Stowe) and her 15-year-old daughter Nat (Barton) are on a six-hour drive home, following a visit to Marek, Nat's father, for her birthday. After the occurrence of several eerie incidents, Senga decides to stop at a highway diner.
There, Nat meets The Backpacker (Bijou Phillips) and offers her a ride. Senga is visibly disturbed by The Backpacker and the strange ambient CD she plays in the car. They drop her at a picnic area and when they return seconds later to return the CD she left in the car, she seems to have disappeared.
Shortly after, Nat convinces her mother to return to the diner, so that she can get her birthday present from her father. Already stressed from the long drive, Senga is furious when she discovers that Marek has bought Nat tickets to a concert that she has refused to allow her to attend. After a heated argument, Nat gets into an RV with The Backpacker and a strange couple.
Senga solicits the assistance of a police officer, but when she seems unhelpful, goes after the RV herself, tailing the officer who had just left the diner. The police office meets up with the inhabitants of the RV. Senga breaks into their RV and discovers a number of strange and horrifying things, including thermoses full of blood and videos of young girls talking about their past lives. She escapes the RV before anyone returns, but once back on the road, The Backpacker reveals herself to be hiding in the backseat. She strangles Senga, causing her to crash.
In the back of an oil tanker, Nat parties with The Backpacker and a young man, who tell her about their group and their enigmatic leader.
Senga is woken by The Recovery Man (Norman Reedus), a disturbed drifter who cruises highways in his tow truck, who insists that Senga come with him. In his car, she finds a picture of a girl she saw in a video in the RV. The Recovery Man informs Senga that the girl is Christine, his dead sister.
Senga is taken to a police station, where she reports Nat's disappearance. The police are less than helpful, and, in frustration, Senga asks them to call Marek. The man who answers Marek's mobile tells the police that Senga is on medication, and that Nat has been with him all weekend.
After a series of outbursts and hallucinations, Senga encounters three of the cult members and follows them to an abandoned research facility. Here, she encounters the Recovery Man again.
While Nat meets the Father, The Recovery Man sets off one of his bombs, killing most of the cult members. Before The Father can initiate Nat, Senga attacks him. Mother and daughter flee in different directions, with Senga being pursued by The Backpacker and Nat being placated by The Father, who uses a loudspeaker to talk to her. During the fight, The Father reveals that Senga wanted to have an abortion when she discovered she was pregnant with Nat. The shock of this revelation leaves Senga in a near catatonic state.
The Recovery Man pulls her out of her stupor by showing her Marek's body. Senga uses this information to try to demonstrate to Nat how evil her new friends are. While mother and daughter try to escape, The Recovery Man and The Father wrestle; when The Father bites The Recovery Man's tongue and spits it out, Senga detonates his last bomb, killing them both.
Mother and daughter continue their drive home, but when they stop at a gas station, they return to their car to find razor blades — The Father's calling card — attached to the rear view mirror.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 17% based on reviews from 6 critics.
Music.
"Octane"'s soundtrack consists mainly of techno, ambient and ambient industrial music by Orbital. Though Orbital had contributed tracks to other feature films, this was the first film for which they composed the full soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="5882505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882505" title="Carboxypenicillin">
Carboxypenicillin

The carboxypenicillins are a group of antibiotics. They belong to the penicillin family and comprise the members carbenicillin and ticarcillin.
Chemical structure.
The carboxypenicillins feature the beta-lactam backbone of all penicillins but also feature a carboxylic acid or carboxylic acid ester group in the variable side-chain.
Spectrum.
The carboxypenicillins exhibit activity against gram negative organisms including "Pseudomonas aeruginosa" and "Proteus" species. They are inactive against certain gram positive pathogens such as "Staphylococcus aureus", "Enterococcus faecalis", and "L. monocytogenes". The carboxypenicillins are beta-lactamase sensitive.

</doc>
<doc id="5882511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882511" title="Arthur Lewis (politician)">
Arthur Lewis (politician)

Arthur William John Lewis (21 February 1917 - 25 June 1998) was a British Labour politician.
Biography.
Lewis was educated at Borough Polytechnic and began work as a fitter with the City of London Corporation. He was an official of the National Union of General and Municipal Workers 1938-48. He signed the first trade union agreement with the catering industry and gained 20,000 new trade union members in the West End, London.
Lewis was Member of Parliament (MP) for Upton from 1945 to 1950, for West Ham North from 1950 to 1974, and then for Newham North West. 
In 1983, after 38 years as an MP, Lewis was deselected as Labour candidate by his local constituency Labour Party, which he said had become "100 per cent Trotskyist, Militant Tendency, Communist and IRA Irish Republican Army supporters". By this time he was refusing to attend local party meetings or hold "advice surgeries" for his constituents.
He was replaced as Labour candidate by the future minister Tony Banks. Lewis stood as an Independent Labour candidate at the 1983 election, coming fourth with 11% of the vote behind the winner, Banks.

</doc>
<doc id="5882519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882519" title="1961 Tour de France">
1961 Tour de France

The 1961 Tour de France was the 48th running of the Tour de France. It meandered through France from 25 June to 16 July 1961. It consisted of 21 stages, a total of , which was ridden at an average speed of . Out of the 132 riders who started the tour, 72 managed to complete the tour's tough course. Throughout the 1961 Tour de France, two of the French national team's riders, André Darrigade and Jacques Anquetil held the yellow jersey for the entirety 21 stages. There was a great deal of excitement between the second and third places, concluding with Guido Carlesi stealing Charly Gaul's second place position on the last day by two seconds.
Changes from the 1960 Tour de France.
For the first time in the Tour de France history, a stage finished on top of a mountain, when in stage 16, the finish was on top of the Superbagnères.
The calculation for the team classification was different from previous years. Before 1961, the classification was based on time, but in 1961, it was based on points.
The Tour de France was meant for professional cyclists, but in 1961 the organisation started the Tour de l'Avenir the amateur version.
Participants.
Since Jacques Anquetil had won the 1957 Tour de France, he was unable to repeat it, due to illness, tiredness and struggle within the French team. For 1961, he asked the team captain Marcel Bidot to make a team that would only ride for him, and Bidot agreed. Anquetil announced before the race that he would take the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification on the first day, and wear it until the end of the race in Paris.
Gastone Nencini, who won the previous edition, did not enter in 1961, but Graziano Battistini, his team mate and runner-up of 1960, started the race as leader of the Italian team. If the French team would again have internal struggles, the Italian team could emerge as the winner.
The Spanish team had two outsiders, José Pérez Francés and Fernando Manzaneque. The last outsider was Charly Gaul,winner of the 1958 Tour de France, who rode in the mixed Luxembourg-Swiss team. He considered his team mates so weak that he did not seek their help, and rode the race on his own.
Raymond Poulidor was convinced by his team manager Antonin Magne that it would be better to skip the Tour, because the national team format would undermine his commercial value.
Race details.
André Darrigade won the opening stage, and it became the fifth time that he won the opening stage. Darrigade had been in a small group that broke away, which included Anquetil. Other competitors, such as Gaul and Battistini, already lost more than 5 minutes.
After that, there was a time trial, won by Jacques Anquetil. Anquetil became the leader of the race, with his team mate Joseph Groussard in second place, almost five minutes behind him.
The second stage, run in bad weather, featured small roads in Northern France. Several cyclists got into problems, and seven cyclists already had to leave the race; the favourites were not harmed.
In the sixth stage, German Horst Oldenburg fell down on the descent of the Col de la Schlucht, and the Dutch team captain Ab Geldermans ran into him. Geldermans was taken to the Belfort hospital by helicopter, and the Dutch team had lost its captain.
Unlike previous years, the French team continued without fights, and won five of the first eight stages. The ninth stage included four major climbs. On the second climb, Gaul escaped. He crashed on the descent of the third mountain, but managed to stay away and win the stage; Anquetil was not far behind and kept the lead. Anquetil had a five-minutes margin on the second-placed rider, which was Manzaneque. In the eleventh stage, Graziano Battistini was hit by a car, and had to leave the race.
This situation had not changed when the sixteenth stage started. It was expected that Gaul, in third place more than six minutes behind, would attack, but this did not happen, because Gaul had been injured in his crash in the previous stage.
The last chance for the opposition to win back time on Anquetil was in the seventeenth stage, but Anquetil stayed close to his direct competitors, and only allowed lower classified riders to escape. The press criticized Anquetil's tactics, saying he was riding passively. In the nineteenth stage, an individual time trial, Gaul was on his way to win back a little time on Anquetil, when he crashed heavily, and could not find his pace again. Anquetil won almost three minutes on Gaul and extended his lead to more than ten minutes.
In the final two stages, Anquetil did not get into problems. His main rival Gaul even lost time in the last stage, and conceded his second place to Guido Carlesi.
Stages.
The 1961 Tour de France started on 25 June in Rouen, and had one restday, in Montpellier.
Results.
There were several classifications in the 1961 Tour de France, two of them awarding jerseys to their leaders. The most important was the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey; the winner of this classification is considered the winner of the Tour.
Additionally, there was a points classification. In the points classification, cyclists got points for finishing among the best in a stage finish, or in intermediate sprints. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, and was identified with a green jersey.
There was also a mountains classification. The organisation had categorized some climbs as either first, second, third, or fourth-category; points for this classification were won by the first cyclists that reached the top of these climbs first, with more points available for the higher-categorized climbs. The cyclist with the most points lead the classification, but was not identified with a jersey.
For the team classification, the times of the best three cyclists per team on each stage were added; the team with the lowest time on a stage won the team prize for that stage. The overall team classification was calculated by counting the number of team prizes.
Points classification.
The points classification was won by André Darrigade.
Team classification.
The team classification was won by the French national team.
The other teams received no points.
Other classifications.
The combativity award was given to the entire regional West-South West team.
Aftermath.
As Anquetil had led the race after every stage, there was not much competitiveness, which organiser Jacques Goddet termed a "fiasco". After the race, the system with national teams was abandoned, and it was announced that the 1962 Tour de France would be run with sponsored teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5882552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882552" title="Cyathea recommutata">
Cyathea recommutata

Cyathea recommutata is a species of tree fern native to the Malay Peninsula, central and southern Sumatra and Borneo, where it grows in acidic peaty or sandy soils in wet forest, as well as swamp forest, from sea level to an altitude of 1500 m. The trunk is erect and rarely taller than 3 m. Fronds are bipinnate and 1-2 m long. Characteristically of this species, the lowest pair of pinnae are usually reduced and occur towards the base of the stipe. The stipe itself is dark dark and bears dark, glossy basal scales with thin, fragile edges. Fertile pinnules are notably smaller than sterile ones. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and lack indusia. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882558" title="Richard L. Heschl">
Richard L. Heschl

Richard Ladislaus Heschl (July 5, 1824, Welsdorf, nearby Fürstenfeld, Steiermark - May 26, 1881, Wien) was an Austrian anatomist.
Biography.
In 1849 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, where in 1850 he became a "first assistant" to Carl von Rokitansky (1804-1878). In 1854 he was appointed professor of anatomy at the medical-surgical school in Olomouc, and during the following year became a professor of pathological anatomy in Krakow. In 1861 he became a professor at the medical-surgical school at Graz (from 1863 a full professor), serving as university rector in 1864-65. In 1875 he returned to the University of Vienna. After his death, his position at Vienna was filled by Hans Kundrat (1845-1893).
Heschl is credited as the first physician to describe the transverse temporal gyrus or "Heschl's gyrus", located in the primary auditory cortex. This anatomical structure processes incoming auditory information.

</doc>
<doc id="5882564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882564" title="American Meat Institute">
American Meat Institute

The American Meat Institute (AMI) is the oldest and largest trade association representing the U.S. meat and poultry industry.
Information.
Originally founded in 1906 in Chicago as the American Meat Packers Association, the American Meat Institute is a trade association that provides leadership to advance the interests of America’s meat and poultry packing and processing companies, and the 526,000 workers they employ, before government, media, and the public. 
The organization was created shortly after the passage of the Federal Meat Inspection Act and spent much its early years helping meat packers adjust to new inspection requirements. AMI moved its headquarters in 1979 to Washington, DC, where it remains today.
AMI’s membership is ranges from large, publicly traded companies that employ thousands to small businesses. More than half of AMI’s members are small, family-owned businesses employing fewer than 100 individuals and one-third employ less than 50. Collectively, AMI’s 200 member companies produce 90 percent of the beef, pork, veal and lamb food products and 75 percent of the turkey food products in the U.S.
In addition to advocating before government, media and the public, AMI also provides programs, services, expositions and educational seminars to benefit its members. Through theAmerican Meat Institute Foundation, which was originally created in 1944, AMI conducts scientific research designed to help meat and poultry companies improve their plants and their products.
Organizational Structure.
AMI is governed by elected leaders and staffed by 32 professionals. AMI elected leaders include five officers plus the President and CEO, as well as a 70-person Board of Directors and a 25-person Executive Committee. Representatives on both of these bodies include leaders in both the supplier and packer/processor segments of the industry. AMI has also created operating groups, called policy committees and advisory committees, within its membership to allow member companies to recommend AMI policies in their primary areas of interest.
The current officers are as follows:
Events.
AMI and the AMI Foundation sponsor annual education conferences, topical workshops, award programs, committee meetings and an annual trade show. 
The annual trade show, the 2012 AMI Expo, will take place May 1–3, 2012 in Dallas, Texas. The 2012 AMI Expo is co-located with the Food Marketing Institute 2012 Show, United Fresh Produce Association's United Fresh and the U.S. Food Showcase, bringing together almost 1,200 exhibitors and 25,000 attendees in Dallas. Processors from all over the world will convene to see and discuss the latest technology innovations in packaging, processing equipment, ingredients and services that are changing the meat and poultry industry. 
The AMI Foundation's upcoming education conferences include: Animal Care and Handling Conference, October 19–20, 2011 in Kansas City, Missouri; Meat and Poultry Research Conference, November 1–2, 2011 in Kansas City, Missouri; Annual Meat Conference, February 19–21, 2012 in Orlando, Florida; and the Worker Safety, Human Resources & the Environment Conference, March 14–15, 2012 in Kansas City, Missouri.
AMI Foundation Funded Research.
The Foundation provides research funding to universities, private institutions, non-profit organizations and other foundations to conduct research on behalf of the meat and poultry industry. AMIF publicly disseminates research findings, best practices and other educational materials on a broad range of food safety, worker safety, nutrition and consumer information projects.
Since 1999, the AMI Foundation research program has directly sponsored more than 85 food safety research projects at leading universities and research labs totaling nearly $7.5 million.
A list of AMI Foundation completed research projects on the subjects of:
See also.
AMI operates several websites with information for industry members, consumers and the media:

</doc>
<doc id="5882566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882566" title="Dengie SPA">
Dengie SPA

Dengie SPA is a Special Protection Area on the North Sea coast of the English county of Essex.
It consists of large, remote area of tidal mud-flats and salt marshes at the eastern end of the Dengie peninsula between the estuaries of the Blackwater and Crouch. The Chapel of St Peter-on-the-Wall overlooks some of the Dengie SPA.
It is a wetland of international importance and provides habitats for:

</doc>
<doc id="5882569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882569" title="Doni">
Doni

Doni can refer to the following things:
Names.
Surname
Given name
Nickname

</doc>
<doc id="5882570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882570" title="Indian Country Bred">
Indian Country Bred

Indian Country Bred is the common name for the inter-bred mixture of Bhutia Ponies, Spiti Ponies and Tibetan Ponies. These animals have been interbred for years so that many of the individual characteristics of the Bhutia and Spiti have been lost, and they now are categorized as "Indian Country Bred". They originated in the Himalayan region of India, and are now found in the Buhtan, Sikkim and Darjeeling regions of India.
Suited to mountainous climate and terrain, they are not as able to endure humidity and heat. Lack of nutritious grasses generally affects the growth and development of the ponies, although they have become incredibly tough and self-sufficient, requiring little fodder. The conformation of these ponies is usually not superior. They have a large head and pronounced jaw, short neck, low withers, sloping quarters, and deep chest. The shoulder is a bit straight and upright, the legs, although short, are very strong. 
Bhutia-type ponies range in height from 12-13.2 hh, and are usually gray in color, although a few are chestnut or roan. Spiti-type ponies usually never get taller than 12 hh, and they are usually gray or dun in color, although they may be any solid color.
The ponies are kept mainly for work, mainly as pack ponies and sometimes for riding, to which their stamina and endurance serves them well. They generally have a willing and quiet temperament.

</doc>
<doc id="5882581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882581" title="India Knight">
India Knight

India Knight (born 1965) is a British journalist and author. She is known for her contribution to the British media, as well as her books: "My Life on a Plate", "Don't You Want Me?", "The Shops", "Neris and India's Idiot-Proof Diet" and "The Thrift Book" (2008), all of which are published by Penguin books. Her novels have been translated into 28 languages.
Background.
India Aertsens was born to Sabiha Rumani Malik (of a family related to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, one of the foremost leaders of the Indian independence movement and a renowned scholar, and poet). India’s mother was 17 years old at the time of her birth and married to Michel Aertsens, 20 years her senior. Aertsens was the son of First World War hero Gaston Aertsens and Marie-Louise Lacroix of the family of Belgian statesman Henri Jaspar. Soon after her birth India’s parents separated and India lived in Brussels with her mother who, whilst continuing her studies, worked as a translator to support her daughter and herself. In 1975 her father agreed to a divorce, and India’s mother married Andrew Knight, the editor of "The Economist"; at age 9 India moved to London to live with her mother and stepfather. Her mother and step-father were married for 17 years and had two daughters - Amaryllis and Afsaneh. They were divorced in 1991, and soon after, India's mother married a family friend, the architect Norman Foster; they remained married until 1995. In her semi-autobiographical novel "Comfort and Joy", Knight writes about her family and her mother, and the additional weight she gained. India Knight began to use her stepfather's surname at the age of thirteen.
Personal life.
Knight lives in London with her three children. Her youngest child (Nell, born 2004) has DiGeorge syndrome. After writing an article in "The Sunday Times" about her daughter's special needs, Knight launched a blog about children with special needs "for parents in a similar position to keep in touch, compare notes and help each other". 
She remains friendly with Jeremy Langmead, her ex-husband, with whom she has two sons. Langmead is the former editor of "Wallpaper*" magazine and "Esquire" magazine. Her third child's father is author Andrew O'Hagan.

</doc>
<doc id="5882603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882603" title="Sam Lenarduzzi">
Sam Lenarduzzi

Silvano "Sam" Lenarduzzi (born December 19, 1949 in Udine, Italy) is a Canadian former national soccer team player.
Born in Udine, Italy, but raised in Vancouver, Lenarduzzi made his international debut in 1967 as member of the Pan American Games team in Winnipeg. He went on to play PamAm games again in Colombia in 1971. He played in 29 'A' internationals for the Canadian men's national soccer team between 1968 and 1980.
For many years Lenarduzzi was a key member of the Vancouver Columbus club that won a Canadian championship medal in 1969 and played in the final in 1968. A full back who was converted to sweeper later in his career, Lenarduzzi joined Vancouver Whitecaps when that club was formed in 1974 and played a major role in defence until he transferred to Toronto Blizzard in 1979. As a Whitecap, he played along with his younger brother Bob Lenarduzzi.
In 1977 Lenarduzzi was named into the tournament all star team during the pre-World Cup competition in Mexico. 
In April 2000 Lenarduzzi was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame. 
He currently coaches at the Vancouver Whitecaps running camps which he has been doing for many year. He has even been given the nickname 'The Legend' by some of his fellow coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="5882609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882609" title="Unthank">
Unthank

Unthank can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5882616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882616" title="Nyctalope">
Nyctalope

The Nyctalope is the name of a lesser-known fictional superhero who appears in a book series of novels written by French writer Jean de La Hire, a prolific author of popular adventure series, many of which include science fiction elements. First appearing in 1911 (or 1908, if one consider Leo Saint-Clair's father, Jean Saint-Clair), he's the first superhero of the genre, followed by the Japanese Ogon Bat, Superman and Doc Savage in the 1930s and, later again, Batman in 1939.
Nyctalope possessed enhanced night vision, special color-shifting irises, and an artificial heart.
Nyctalopics - term used in describing the process of cybernetic adaptation.
Other appearances.
The Nyctalope has appeared in several short stories published in the anthology "Tales of the Shadowmen" and two collections of new stories written by other writers, "The Nyctalope Steps In" (2011) and " Night of the Nyctalope" (2012).
The Nyctalope is one of the main characters in Serge Lehman's "Chimera Brigade" comic book (2009-2010), set just before World War II.
He is also mentioned in volumes 2 and 3 of the graphic novel "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" by Alan Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="5882633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882633" title="Windows legacy audio components">
Windows legacy audio components

This article describes audio APIs and components in Microsoft Windows which are now obsolete or deprecated.
Multimedia Extensions (MME).
The MME API or the Windows Multimedia API (also known as "WinMM") was the first universal and standardized Windows audio API. Wave sound events played in Windows (up to Windows XP) and MIDI I/O use MME. The devices listed in the "Multimedia/Sounds and Audio" control panel applet represent the MME API of the sound card driver.
The Multimedia Extensions (WaveIn/WaveOut interfaces) were released in autumn 1991 to support sound cards, as well as CD-ROM drives, which were then becoming increasingly available. The Multimedia Extensions were released to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), mainly CD-ROM drive and sound card manufacturers, and added basic multimedia support for audio input and output and a CD audio player application to Windows 3.0. The Multimedia Extensions' new features were not available in Windows 3.0 real mode, only in standard and 386 enhanced mode. Windows 3.1x would later incorporate many of its features. Microsoft developed the Windows Sound System sound card specification to complement these extensions.
MME lacks mixing multiple audio streams during playback and device sharing, so only one audio stream can be rendered at a time. But some sound card drivers can emulate more than one MME device so it could work with MME too. MME supports up to two channels of recording, 16-bit audio bit depth and sampling rates of up to 44.1 kHz with all the audio being mixed and sampled to 44.1 kHz.
Prior to Windows XP, the number of MME/WinMM device interfaces (waveIn, waveOut, midiIn, midiOut, mixer, and aux) is restricted to 10. This limit is raised from 10 to 32 in Windows XP.
Issues.
A fault in the MME WaveIn/WaveOut emulation was introduced in Windows Vista: if sample rate conversion is needed, audible noise is sometimes introduced, such as when playing audio in a web browser that uses these APIs. This is because the internal resampler, which is no longer configurable, defaults to a fast integer-based linear interpolation (e.g. new sample is taken as an exact duplicate of the nearest sample instead of a varying portion of the two nearest samples), which was the lowest-quality conversion mode that could be set in previous versions of Windows. The resampler can be set to a high-quality mode via a hotfix for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 only.
Audio Compression Manager.
Audio Compression Manager (ACM) is a Windows multimedia framework that manages audio codecs (compressor/decompressors). ACM can also be considered an API specification. A codec must conform to the implicit ACM specification to work with Windows Multimedia. ACM files can be recognized by their filename extension codice_1 . ACM files also use RIFF-compatible filetypes such as WAV or AVI as a "wrapper" to store audio data encoded by any audio codec supported by ACM.
ACM is considered an outdated framework/API and Microsoft now encourages the use of at least DirectShow. However, unlike ACM and the related Video Compression Manager (VCM), DirectShow provides no means to encode files for end-users but requires developers to build end-to-end graphs for encoding content. ACM also does not support VBR audio streams; therefore newer codecs like MPEG-4 AAC, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC etc. cannot be supported through ACM if using variable bitrates. Though many sources state the contrary, Ogg Vorbis does work well with the ACM, e.g. when embedded in a RIFF-compatible file (such as a WAV or AVI file as mentioned earlier), provided the Ogg Vorbis stream is encoded at a constant bitrate.
KMixer.
KMixer is the "Kernel Audio Mixer" driver, a part of WDM Audio in Windows 98 to Windows XP which handles the mixing of multiple sound buffers into an output.
The tasks performed by KMixer.sys:
In Windows 98, Windows 2000 and Windows Me, the KMixer maximum sample rate is 100 kHz. In Windows XP SP1 and later, KMixer audio sampling rate supports a maximum of 200 kHz .
Issues.
The KMixer was designed to aid the applications by relieving them from the need to perform the mixing of audio streams, especially on low-end sound cards that didn't support multiple sound streams. However, it introduced some significant problems.
First, the latency of KMixer is around 30 ms and it cannot be reduced, because this component sits just right above the port class audio driver, so every audio stream, including those issued by DirectSound (except in cases of hardware mixing) and WinMM, come through the kernel mixer. If the audio hardware supports hardware mixing (also known as hardware buffering or DirectSound hardware acceleration), DirectSound buffers directly to the rendering device. Thus, if DirectSound streams use hardware mixing, KMixer is bypassed.
In earlier releases like the original release of Windows 98, KMixer tried to mix every data format that passed through it, even those it did not support. It caused various problems with media players that tried to pass AC3-encoded surround sound streams through S/PDIF output of the sound card to an external home cinema receiver. This was corrected with Windows Me and provided as a hotfix for Windows 98 Second Edition and Windows 2000 SP2. Starting with Windows Me, the waveOut, DirectSound, and DirectShow APIs support non-PCM formats such as AC-3 or WMA over S/PDIF and non-PCM data goes directly to the class driver instead of going through KMixer.
A new kernel-mode API, "Direct Kernel Streaming", was also introduced in Windows 98 in order to bypass the KMixer and avoid problems associated with it.
KMixer doesn't alter the sound in the majority of cases. Also, there are many ways to bypass KMixer without the need of an extra plugin to access DirectSound, ASIO, Direct Kernel Streaming or WASAPI. In Windows XP, for example, the usage of DirectSound (which Winamp uses by default) with a hardware mixer is a way to bypass KMixer.
KMixer was removed in Windows Vista. It is replaced by the user-mode WASAPI (Windows Audio Session API) Audio Engine which is part of the revamped audio architecture. The Audio engine can operate in "Shared mode" or "Exclusive mode". In shared mode, mixing still takes place. Pre-mixed PCM audio is sent to the driver in a single format (in terms of sample rate, bit depth and channel count) that is configurable from the Sounds control panel. WASAPI "Exclusive mode" bypasses the mixer, as does using third-party audio APIs like OpenAL or ASIO, which still have direct access to the hardware.
Kernel Streaming.
Kernel Streaming or Direct Kernel streaming (Direct KS) is a technique that supports kernel-mode processing of streamed data. It enables efficient real-time streaming for multimedia devices such as sound cards and TV tuner cards. Kernel streaming allows a device driver to create DirectShow-like filters and pins in kernel mode, providing access to hardware, lower latency communication and still be used within a DirectShow filter graph.
Kernel streaming was introduced in Windows 98. When the sound card uses a custom driver for use with the system supplied port class driver "PortCls.sys" or implements a mini-driver for use with the streaming class driver, applications can bypass the KMixer completely and use the kernel streaming interfaces instead to reduce latency. Windows 98 includes the first kernel streaming driver, Stream.sys. In Windows XP, Microsoft introduced another improved kernel streaming class driver, AVStream.
Music players such as JRiver Media Center, foobar2000 and Winamp support kernel streaming. Compared to the regular "WaveOut method" in Microsoft Windows, kernel streaming requires less CPU time. This comes at the expense of bypassing the KMixer and Windows volume control. Kernel streaming also does not allow device sharing.

</doc>
<doc id="5882634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882634" title="Draghi">
Draghi

Draghi is Italian for dragon and can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5882646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882646" title="Kiljava">
Kiljava

Kiljava is a village in the municipality of Nurmijärvi in southern Finland. Kiljava is most famous for its public, all-purpose educational institute ("Kiljavan opisto" in Finnish). It is also a popular vacation resort, with two private camping areas - one for SAFA architects and one for the Finnish Police Force - and a public beach.

</doc>
<doc id="5882647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882647" title="Seaborg Home (South Gate, California)">
Seaborg Home (South Gate, California)

The Seaborg Home was the family home of Nobel-prize winning chemist and nuclear pioneer, Glenn T. Seaborg from 1922 to 1934. Herman Theodore (Ted) and Selma Olivia (Erickson) Seaborg moved at Selma's urging from Ishpeming, Michigan in 1922 with their children Glenn Theodore Seaborg and Jeanette (Seaborg) Bonniksen to Home Gardens, California. The family purchased a home on 9237 San Antonio Avenue in an area of Home Gardens, later annexed to the city of South Gate, California. H. Thedore and Selma Seaborg lived in the home until their deaths in 1957 and 1968 respectively.
While living in the home, Glenn Seaborg attended Home Gardens Grammar School (now Victoria Avenue Elementary School), David Starr Jordan High School, and the University of California, Los Angeles. At the age of 14, Seaborg began keeping a daily journal. These journals have since been published in several volumes and contain considerable detail about Seaborg's early life in the home. Seaborg helped work his way through school with jobs as a stevedore and fruit packer. He also gained employment on the graveyard shift as a laboratory assistant at the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company in South Gate.
After Seaborg moved to northern California to attend the University of California, Berkeley, he and his wife, Helen L. Seaborg, continued to make numerous visits to see his parents throughout their lifetimes, all of which are noted in his journals.
The Seaborg Home is a typical small single family residence of the period, notable primarily for its famous resident. In January 2000, the City of South Gate designated the Seaborg family home on San Antonio Avenue as a "culturally significant landmark" and named a street in the Civic Center "Dr. Glenn Seaborg Way." Community Redevelopment Agency staff recommendations to move the home to the civic center and open it as an historical museum have not yet come to fruition. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882653" title="North Lantau New Town">
North Lantau New Town

North Lantau New Town (), built on reclaimed land on the northern coast of the Lantau Island in the New Territories, Hong Kong, is the newest of the nine new towns in Hong Kong. It was planned to span the area between Tung Chung and Tai Ho but , only Tung Chung has been developed, and a railway depot at Siu Ho Wan near Tai Ho constructed. The remaining phases are pending review.

</doc>
<doc id="5882661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882661" title="2006–07 Serie A">
2006–07 Serie A

The Serie A 2006–2007 season ("officially "Serie A TIM 2006–2007"") began September 10, 2006. It was scheduled to begin on August 26 and 27, but was then postponed due to the Serie A scandal of 2006. It is the 104th Italian championship ever held, the first without the presence of Juventus, and the 75th Serie A league, the first being held in 1929. On April 22, 2007 Internazionale became the Serie A champions after beating Siena, as Roma's loss to Atalanta left Inter with a 16-point advantage with five games to play.
Events.
Matchfixing scandal.
Following the Serie A scandal of 2006, Juventus was relegated to Serie B and deducted 9 points. Fiorentina, Milan and Lazio, were deducted 15, 8 and 3 points respectively but were not relegated, and consequently Lecce, Messina and Treviso, originally slated for relegation to Serie B, were to have been retained in Serie A, thereby keeping the top table at 20 teams.
As part of another inquiry, Reggina was handed a 15-point penalty, but was allowed to remain in Serie A. This penalty was reduced to 11 points on appeal.
League halting of February 2007.
On February 2, 2007, police officer Filippo Raciti was killed outside the Stadio Angelo Massimino, Catania, in football-related violence during the Sicilian derby between rivals Catania and Palermo [http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/6326513.stm]. The match, originally scheduled for February 4 at 3pm, was exceptionally advanced on Friday at 6pm under request of Catania Calcio because of the simultaneity with the St. Agatha local celebrations.
The dramatic Sicilian derby events, which followed the murder of Ermanno Licursi, an amateur club manager, beaten to death during a riot in a Terza Categoria league match, led Commissioner Luca Pancalli to call a stop to all football matches in Italy, including Serie A fixtures. Pancalli noted how the league fixtures would not start again until a solution to the violence issue in Italian football is found. The week after, a special law by the government enforced the measures to be taken against violence in football stadia and forbade the presence of supporters inside stadia which didn't agree with mandatory security dispositions, thus enabling Italian football to go on with half of the matches played without audience.
Following the events, Catania was prohibited to play its home matches at Stadio Angelo Massimino for the remaining part of the season, and the club was also forced to play its home matches in neutral grounds without spectators ("a porte chiuse", behind closed doors). Several other Italian stadia were closed too because of security reasons, and reopened only once they would have passed several safety requirements. All stadiums were successfully reopened for April, with Stadio Massimino's exception. Catania's home matches were successively allowed to be attended by spectators, yet on neutral ground, as from May 13.
Dominant Inter.
With their victory over Siena on April 22, 2007, Internazionale captured the 2006-07 Serie A title (the 15th Scudetto in the team's history) by moving 16 points clear of second-place Roma with 5 matches to play. Internazionale's dominant effort marked the defense of the title they were awarded in the wake of the Calciopoli scandal, and their first Scudetto claimed on the field since May 28, 1989. Clinching with five matches remaining, Internazionale tied the Serie A record for earliest title claim (alongside with Torino in the 1948). The team also broke the record for most consecutive wins with a 17 match winning streak.
Relegation battle.
With Messina and Ascoli already relegated, there was only one relegation slot left to be decided in the last matchday, with Parma (39 points), Chievo (39), Catania (38), Siena (37) and Reggina (37) involved in the battle. The key match in the relegation battle was widely expected to be Catania vs Chievo, to be played in Bologna because of the forced closure of Stadio Angelo Massimino by the Italian Football Federation following the February 2007 infamous riots in the Sicilian derby. The match ended in a 2-0 win for the Sicilian side; due to the contemporary wins of Parma, Siena and Reggina, Chievo relegated to Serie B.
Attendances.
Serie A attendances have dropped marginally. Higher attendances in the last couple of weeks increased the final season average for Serie A to 19,720. These are the average Serie A team attendances for the 2006-07 season:
Catania hosted Ascoli, Fiorentina, Inter, Lazio, Reggina, Roma, Siena and Torino at neutral venues without fans, and Milan and Chievo in Bologna, but with fans welcome.
Milan outnumbered every other team for the highest number of season ticket holders with 37,000, with Inter not far behind with 35,000 season ticket holders.
The lowest attendance for the season was recorded in the Ascoli vs Cagliari match, in the final day of the league, that attracted a mere 2,800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5882662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882662" title="Swampy Cree">
Swampy Cree

Swampy Cree, known by themselves as Maskiki Wi Iniwak, Mushkegowuk (or Maškēkowak in common Cree spelling) or Maskekon therefore often known as Muskegon and Muskegoes. Sometimes also called West Main Cree or Lowland Cree, are a division of the Cree First Nation occupying lands located in northern Manitoba, along the Saskatchewan River in northeastern Saskatchewan, along the shores of Hudson Bay and adjoining interior lands south and west as well territories along the shores of Hudson and James Bay in Ontario. They are geographically and to some extant culturally split into two main groupings, and therefore speak two dialects of the Swampy Cree language, which is a "n-dialect":
First Nations.
Historically, the Cree nations in the central part of the Cree continuum were classified by their relationship to Hudson Bay and James Bay: Lowland (Homeguard) Cree who were found along the coast, Lowland (Half-Homeguard) Cree who seasonally transitioned between the coast and the interior, and the Upland Cree in the deep interior who often were intermixed with the Ojibwe. West of these Lowland and Upland Cree were the Woodland and Plains Cree. Linguistically, the Cree are divided by their general language features, where the Cree nations in the central part of the Cree continuum are classified as "th-Cree", "n-Cree" and "l-Cree", from west to east; Cree traditionally associated with the Woodland Cree make no distinction between "s" and "š", while the Lowland and Upland Cree do. Today, together with the "n-Cree" dialect-speaking Woodland Cree, those who live in the Lowlands and Uplands who speak the "n-Cree" dialect are called "Swampy Cree", but culturally Moose Cree (the Cree speaking the "l-dialect") and other peoples of the Upland including the Oji-cree occasionally self-identify as being "Swampy Cree".

</doc>
<doc id="5882667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882667" title="United States Army Infantry School">
United States Army Infantry School

The United States Army Infantry School is located at Fort Benning, Georgia.
Organization.
It is made up of the following components:
For new recruits specializing in infantry, the ITB conducts fourteen weeks of One Station Unit Training (OSUT) consisting of both Basic Combat Training (BCT) and Advanced Individual Training (AIT). The mission of the Infantry Training Brigade is to transform civilians into disciplined infantrymen that possess the Army Values, fundamental soldier skills, physical fitness, character, confidence, commitment, and the Warrior Ethos to become adaptive and flexible infantrymen ready to accomplish the mission of the infantry.
Infantry officers who have completed commissioning and the Basic Officer Leadership Course then attend the Infantry Officer Basic Leadership Course in 2nd battalion. This is a course of instruction, as the name implies, in basic infantry skills, including marksmanship, machine gunnery, tactics, and planning. 
The brigade also conducts specialized training for soldiers in Basic Airborne, Pathfinder, and Jumpmaster Courses.
Chief of Infantry.
The Chief of Infantry is the proponent of the school and its commandant.

</doc>
<doc id="5882669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882669" title="Dejerine–Sottas disease">
Dejerine–Sottas disease

Dejerine–Sottas disease, also known as Dejerine–Sottas syndrome, Dejerine–Sottas neuropathy, progressive hypertrophic interstitial polyneuropathy of childhood and onion bulb neuropathy (and, "hereditary motor and sensory polyneuropathy type III" and "Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease type 3"), is a hereditary neurological disorder characterised by damage to the peripheral nerves and resulting progressive muscle wasting. The condition is caused by mutations in a various genes and currently has no known cure.
The disorder is named for Joseph Jules Dejerine and Jules Sottas, French neurologists who first described it.
Signs and symptoms.
Onset occurs in infancy or early childhood, usually before 3 years of age. Progression is slow until the teenage years at which point it may accelerate, resulting in severe disability.
Symptoms are usually more severe and rapidly progressive than in the other more common Charcot–Marie–Tooth diseases. Some patients may never walk and solely use wheelchairs by the end of their first decade, while others may need only a cane (walking stick) or similar support through life.
Dejerine–Sottas disease is characterized by moderate to severe lower and upper extremity weakness and loss of sensation, which occur mainly in the lower legs, forearms, feet and hands. Loss of muscle mass and reduced muscle tone can occur as the disease progresses. Other symptoms may include pain in the extremities, curvature of the spine, clawed hands, foot deformities, ataxia, peripheral areflexia, and slow acquisition of motor skills in childhood. Symptoms that are less common can include limitation of eye movements, other eye problems such as nystagmus or anisocoria, or mild hearing loss.
Causes.
Dejerine–Sottas neuropathy is caused by a genetic defect either in the proteins found in axons or the proteins found in myelin. Specifically, it has been associated with mutations in "MPZ", "PMP22", "PRX", and "EGR2" genes. The disorder is inherited in an autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive manner.
Diagnosis.
On medical imaging, the nerves of the extremities (and cranial nerves in some cases) appear enlarged due to hypertrophy of the connective interstitial tissue, giving the nerves a distinct "onion-bulb" appearance. Peripheral (and possibly cranial) nerve excitability and conduction speed are reduced.

</doc>
<doc id="5882678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882678" title="St Cecilia's College">
St Cecilia's College

St Cecilia's College (Irish: "Coláiste Naomh Síle") is a secondary school located in Derry, Northern Ireland. It is a Catholic-maintained girls' school with an enrolment of 947 pupils aged 11–18 and is located in the Creggan area of Derry. It has 60 teaching staff. The college had decanted to the Northland Road to facilitate the construction of a new building which opened for the start of term in September 2010. It is within the Western Education and Library Board area.
In March 2001 a programme for the extension and refurbishment of the College was announced under Public-private partnership arrangements. In March 2006 it was announced that the College would be granted specialist status from September 2006. As a specialist school it will receive £100 per pupil for the four years of designation and a £100,000 capital grant to support development of the specialism.
St Cecilia's College moved to the grounds of St Marys in Creggan, where there was a brand new campus built.
Motto.
St Cecilia's College's motto is 'Aspire, Endeavour, Achieve.'

</doc>
<doc id="5882681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882681" title="Passive radiator (speaker)">
Passive radiator (speaker)

A speaker enclosure using a passive radiator usually contains an "active driver" (or main driver), and a passive radiator (also known as a "drone cone"). The active driver is a regular driver, and the passive is typically the same or similar, but without a voice coil and magnet assembly. It is only a suspended cone, not attached to a voice coil or electrical circuit. The passive radiator usually has some means to adjust its mass, thereby allowing the speaker designer to change the box tuning. Internal air pressure produced by movements of the active driver cone moves the passive radiator cone as well.
Passive radiators are used instead of a reflex port for much the same reasons—to tune the frequency response, particularly in small volume enclosures and when small diameter drivers are used, for better low frequency performance. Especially in situations in which a port would be inconveniently sized (usually too long for practical box configurations). They are also used to eliminate port turbulence and reduce motion compression caused by high velocity airflow in small ports (especially small diameter ones). Passive radiators are tuned by mass variations (Mmp), changing the way their compliance interacts with motion of the air in the box. The weight of the cone of the passive radiator should be approximately equivalent to the mass of the air that would have filled the port which might have been used for that design. Passive radiators do not behave exactly as their equivalent bass-reflex designs in that they cause a notch in system frequency response at the PR's free air resonant frequency; this causes a steeper roll-off below the system's tuned frequency Fb, and poorer transient response. Due to the lack of vent turbulence and vent pipe resonances, many prefer the sound of PRs to reflex ports. PR speakers, however, are more complex to design and likely to be more expensive as compared to standard reflex enclosures.
The frequency response of a passive radiator will be similar to that of a ported cabinet, with two exceptions. The system low frequency roll-off in a passive radiator design will be slightly steeper, and will have a notch (dip) in frequency response due to the Vas (compliance, or stiffness of the speaker cone) of the passive radiator. The goal in designing a passive radiator is to adjust the tuning so that this notch is below audible levels.

</doc>
<doc id="5882683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882683" title="Peter Cavanagh">
Peter Cavanagh

Peter Joseph Cavanagh (born 14 October 1981 in Bootle, Merseyside) is an English footballer who currently is a Free Agent after his release by Rochdale as a right back. Before joining Fleetwood in 2010 he played for Accrington Stanley, where he was made the youngest ever captain of Accrington after joining the club in 2001. He was an England C international in the 2003–04 season. His Accrington career ended in 2009 after he received a ban from the FA for betting against his own team.
Playing career.
Accrington Stanley.
He was part of the youth team at Liverpool, but left for Accrington Stanley in September 2001 after realising he did not have a future at Anfield.
He was appointed as captain soon after joining in 2001, and scored 22 goals in 226 league games in an eight-year career. He skippered the club to the Northern Premier League Cup and Lancashire FA Challenge Trophy in 2002, the Northern Premier League title in 2002–03, and Conference National title in 2005–06.
Ban from football.
In July 2009, Accrington players Jay Harris, Robert Williams, David Mannix, and Andrew Mangan received 5–12-month bans for betting against their own club. Cavanagh's case was held at a later date. On 7 April 2009 Cavanagh was charged by the FA for breaching betting rules, being alleged to have placed a £5 bet on Accrington losing to Bury in the last match of the 2008–09 season. Bury won the match 2–0. On 10 August 2009, he was fined £3,500 and suspended from competitive football for eight months.
Return to football with Fleetwood Town.
Following the end of his ban, Cavanagh signed with Fleetwood Town in June 2010.
Rochdale.
On 8 June 2012, Cavangh joined Football League Two side Rochdale on a free transfer, linking up with former manager John Coleman.

</doc>
<doc id="5882689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882689" title="Rebels of the Neon God">
Rebels of the Neon God

Rebels of the Neon God (Mandarin: "Qingshaonian Nezha", literally "Teenage Nezha") is a 1992 Taiwanese film by Tsai Ming-liang. It is his first full-length film. It tells two stories of Taipei youth. One details alienated buxiban student Hsiao Kang (Lee Kang-sheng) and his troubled interactions with his family. The other shows two petty hoods, Ah Tze and Ah Bing, along with Ah Kuei, Tze's erstwhile girlfriend. An idle act of violence brings the two groups into collision, and an act of revenge at the end completes the circle. It is a story of troubled youth, dissatisfaction, and the alienating effect of urban life.
Much of "Rebels of the Neon God" is filmed in various arcades and malls in Taipei and on the streets of the city with hand-held cameras. It is filmed in a much more naturalistic manner than some of Tsai's later work.
Title.
The Taiwanese title refers to Nezha, a powerful child god in Chinese classical mythology who was born into a human family. Nezha is impulsive and disobedient. He tries to kill his father, but is brought under control when a Taoist immortal (Nezha's spiritual mentor) gives the father a miniature pagoda that enables him to control his rebellious son. This resonates in the film a number of ways: Lee's mother believes that he is Nezha reincarnated, and Tze and Bing try to pawn off some stolen goods to an arcade proprieter named Nezha. Before the pawning of the stolen goods, Lee vandalizes Tze's motorcycle, including graffiti stating "Here is Nezha."
Awards.
The film won Golden Horse Awards for Best Original Score, Prize of the City of Torino for Best Film at the Torino International Festival of Young Cinema, and the Bronze Award at Tokyo International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5882695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882695" title="Guyana Airways">
Guyana Airways

Guyana Airways was the national airline of Guyana from 1939 to 2001. During this period, it operated services to destinations throughout the Caribbean, the U.S. and Canada. It was declared insolvent in 2001.
The airline had a fleet including Russian Tupolevs to Boeings. At the time of the insolvency of the airline, the fleet consisted of Boeing 757s and 1 Airbus A.300B4-622R.
History.
Guyana Airways was an important link for the Guyanese community. It provided a way into and out of the country. Company was founded by Art J Williams and Harry Wendt in 1939 as British Guiana Airways using Ireland flying boats. Although it was a private venture, the colonial government provided subsidies. In the 1940s Grumman Goose were operated. In July 1955 the colonial government bought BGA. At this time BWIA provided management assistance. In September 1963 the name was shortened to Guyana Airways. In May 1966 Guyana became independent nation. The airline leased all its aircraft, which is why many aircraft were used during the airline's operations. The airline was headquartered in Georgetown, Guyana. After the airline went bankrupt in 2001, its successor, Guyana Air 2000 maintained a short-lived operation until 2003, when it too, filed for insolvency.

</doc>
<doc id="5882706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882706" title="Prodrive P2">
Prodrive P2

The Prodrive P2 is a prototype two-seater sports car designed, engineered and built by Prodrive at its Banbury and Warwick sites. The car is based on the platform of the Subaru R1 kei car and has a modified Subaru Impreza WRX STi engine along with many Prodrive systems originally designed for their World Championship and Sports Car Racing programmes. The car's styling was done by Peter Stevens, who also designed the McLaren F1. The car includes rally-inspired anti-lag to prevent turbo lag, as well as an active center and active rear differential that maximizes grip.
A fully working car has been built, and was tested on the TV motoring programme "Top Gear" — it had , obtained a 0-60 mph time of 3.8 seconds, a top speed of , and had a Power Lap of 1:24.3, beating such cars as the TVR Sagaris, Audi R8, BMW M5 and Aston Martin Vanquish. It also made Jeremy Clarkson appear to vomit after driving around a circle of cones extremely rapidly to demonstrate its computer-controlled differential system's anti-understeer capabilities.
The car's active rear differential automatically shifts torque to whichever of the rear wheels needs it most during manoeuvering, based on spin-slip sensor readings; this is a common rally-car technology rarely seen on road cars. Prodrive has claimed that the car could retail for around £40,000-£50,000, but has said there are no plans to put the car into production at present.

</doc>
<doc id="5882712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882712" title="Ilan Stavans">
Ilan Stavans

Ilan Stavans (born Ilan Stavchansky on April 7, 1961, in Mexico City) is a Mexican-American, essayist, lexicographer, cultural commentator, translator, short-story author, publisher, TV personality, and teacher known for his insights into American, Hispanic, and Jewish cultures.
Life.
Ilan Stavans was born in Mexico to a middle-class Jewish family from the Pale of Settlement. His father Abraham was a popular Mexican soap opera star. Living in Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East, he ultimately immigrated to the United States in 1985. Upon completing his graduate education in New York City, he settled in New England where he lives with his wife, Alison, and his two sons, Joshua and Isaiah. His journey is the topic of his autobiography "On Borrowed Words: A Memoir of Language" (2001). He received a Master’s degree from the Jewish Theological Seminary and a Doctorate in Letters from Columbia University. He was the host of the syndicated PBS show "Conversations with Ilan Stavans," which ran from 2001 to 2006.
He is best known for his investigations on language and culture. His love for lexicography is evident in "Dictionary Days: A Defining Passion" (2005).
Stavans's work is wide-ranging, and includes both scholarly monographs such as "The Hispanic Condition" (1995) and comic strips in the case of "Latino USA: A Cartoon History" (with Lalo Alcaraz) (2000). Stavans is editor of several anthologies including "The Oxford Book of Jewish Stories" (1998). A selection of his work appeared in 2000 under the title "The Essential Ilan Stavans". In 2004, on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of Pablo Neruda’s birth, Stavans edited the 1,000-page-long "The Poetry of Pablo Neruda". The same year he edited the 3-volume set of "Isaac Bashevis Singer: Collected Stories" for the Library of America.
He has also displayed a strong interest in popular culture. Among other topics, he has written influential essays on the Mexican comedian, Mario Moreno ("Cantinflas")," the lampooner José Guadalupe Posada, the Chicano leader César Chávez, and the Tejana singer Selena, as well as a book about the board game "Lotería!" (with Teresa Villegas), which includes Stavans’s own poems. He was also featured in one of the Smithsonian Q&A books.
Since 1993 he has been on the faculty at Amherst College, Massachusetts, where he is the Lewis-Sebring Professor in Latin American and Latino Culture. He is on the editorial board of the literary magazine The Common, based at Amherst College. He has also taught a various other institutions, including Columbia University. In 1997, Stavans was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and has been the recipient of international prizes and honors, including the Latino Literature Prize, Chile’s Presidential Medal, and the Rubén Darío Distinction.
Influence.
He has portrayed Jewish-American identity as Eurocentric and parochial. He has been a critic of the nostalgia generated by life in the Eastern European "shtetl" of the 19th century. He is recognized for his explorations of Jewish culture in the Hispanic world. In 1994 he published the anthology "Tropical Synagogues: Stories by Jewish-Latin American Writers" (1994). From 1997 to 2005 he edited the Jewish Latin America series at the University of New Mexico Press. And his anthology "The Schocken Book of Modern Sephardic Literature" (2005) was the recipient of the National Jewish Book Award. Some of his essays on Jewish topics are included in "The Inveterate Dreamer". His work has been translated into a dozen languages.
His inspirations range from Jorge Luis Borges to Edmund Wilson and Walter Benjamin. (In his autobiography, Stavans recounts the episode, in the early stages of his career, when, in order to find his own style, he burned his collection of dozens of Borges’s books, p. 9.) He has written a small biography of the Chicano lawyer Oscar "Zeta" Acosta and a book-long meditation on Octavio Paz. In 2005, in a series of interviews with Neal Sokol called "Ilan Stavans: Eight Conversations", Stavans traces his beginnings, calls Hispanic civilization to task for its allergy to constructive self-criticism, discusses the work of Borges, Franz Kafka, Isaac Babel, Sholem Aleichem, Gabriel García Márquez, Isaac Bashevis Singer, Octavio Paz, Samuel Johnson, Edward Said, Miguel de Cervantes, and others, and reflects on anti-Semitism and anti-Hispanic sentiment.
Stavans has devoted many years of study to the work of Gabriel García Márquez. His biography, "Gabriel García Márquez: The Early Years", slated for publication in 2010, is the first of two planned volumes. The biography traces Gabriel García Márquez's artistic development from childhood to the publication of "One Hundred Years of Solitude" in Spanish in 1967 and its English translation by Gregory Rabassa in 1970. Julia Alvarez, author of "How the García Girls Lost Their Accents", has called this biography "an engaging, informative study tracking the small beginnings of a literary giant and his magnum opus. It is also a love story: that of an important contemporary critic and thinker with a writer, his life, and his text. Stavans enlightens us, not just about one literary figure, but about the culture and history of a whole hemisphere in a book that never feels plodding or overtly academic. Stavans is a magical writer himself."
In "A Critic’s Journey", published in 2009 by University of Michigan Press, Stavans writes about his life and work as a cultural critic. The book is a collection of pieces that brings together three cultures: Jewish, American, and Mexican. It includes pieces on writing On Borrowed Words, the Holocaust in Latin America, the growth of Latino studies in the U.S. academy, Stavans’ relationship with the "Jewish Daily Forward", and translation in the shaping of Hispanic culture, as well as pieces on Sandra Cisneros, Richard Rodríguez, Isaiah Berlin, and W. G. Sebald, and close readings of the Don Quixote and the oeuvre of Roberto Bolaño.
Since the late 1990s, Stavans has devoted his energy to reinvigorating the literary genre of the conversation not as a promotional tool but as a patient, insightful instrument to explore them in intellectual depth. Neal Sokol interviewed Stavans in a book-long volume "Eight Conversations" (2004) on his Jewish and Latino heritage; translator Verónica Albin discussed the way the word “love” has changed through the age in the book "Love and Language" (2007) as well as on topics like libraries and censorship in "Knowledge and Censorship" (2008), and Canadian journalist Mordecai Drache ("Zeek: A Jewish Journal of Thought and Culture") probes him on the Bible as a work of literature in "With All Thine Heart" (2010). In the U.S. Latino literary tradition, writers like Gloria Anzaldúa and Richard Rodriguez have also practiced the conversation as a meditative form.
Spanglish.
As a sociolinguist, Stavans is known as a world authority in Spanglish, the hybrid form of communication that emerges at the crossroad where Spanish and English speakers interact. He has edited a dictionary of Spanglish words called "Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language" (2003) that includes an essay in historical analysis on the development of this linguistic phenomenon. Stavans writes that its first manifestations date back to 1848, when the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed after the Mexican-American War ended and a large portion of Mexican land was sold to the United States. He describes various distinctive varieties of Spanglish, such as Cubonics (Cuban-American), Dominicanish (Dominican-American), Nuyorrican (Puerto Rican in New York), and Chicano (Mexican American). He also establishes differences across generational and geographical lines, stating that recent immigrants are prone to use a type of Spanglish that differs from second- or third-generation Latinos. Stavans studies Spanglish by making comparisons with Black English and with Yiddish as well as Yinglish (the type of Yiddish used by Jewish immigrants to the United States and their children). And he reflects on the cultural similarities between Spanglish and jazz, rap, hip-hop, and graffiti.
In 2002, Stavans published in the Barcelona newspaper "La Vanguardia" a Spanglish translation of the first chapter of Cervantes’ "Don Quixote de la Mancha". The translation has been controversial throughout the world, garnishing celebrations and attacks. Critics accuse Stavans of using Spanglish to call attention to himself. Supporters say that the translation is an indication that the Latino community in the United States has come of age. Stavans has responded to the reactions with interviews in which he argues that Spanglish is today’s manifestation of “mestizaje,” the crossbreeding of racial, social, and cultural traits of Anglos and Latinos similar to what occurred during the colonization of the Americas in the sixteenth century.
The Norton Anthology of Latino Literature.
In 2011, after thirteen years of preparation, Stavans, as general editor, published "The Norton Anthology of Latino Literature", a 2,700-page compendium that includes more than two hundred authors and covers from the colonial period (the earliest author included is Fray Bartolomé de las Casas) to the present time. The anthology features Mexican-Americans, Cuban-Americans, Puerto Ricans on the island and the mainland, and other Latinos. It also features a section with samples by Latin American writers such as Octavio Paz and Roberto Fernández Retamar discussing the United States.
The Norton Anthology followed in the footsteps of similar ventures devoted to women's literature and African-American literature. It was greeted with an enthusiastic reception. "Booklist" gave it a starred review. It was noted in, among other places, "The Boston Globe", "Smithsonian", the "American Book Review", "World Literature Today", "Literal", and NPR’s "On Point with John Ashbrook". Erica Jong said “Ilan Stavans has spread a feast of Latino literature before us.” Cornel West called it ”an instant classic.” And Felipe Fernández-Armesto of University of Notre Dame stated: “Imaginatively conceived, painstakingly executed, stunningly broad, profoundly stirring, endlessly engaging, this book can change the way the world thinks about America, and the way Americans think about themselves.” However, it was criticized for its subjective approach, including few authors born in Central America.
Fiction.
Stavans’s short stories are included in "The One-Handed Pianist" (1996) and "The Disappearance" (2006). One of them, "Morirse está en hebreo," about Jewish life in Mexico at the time of the 2000 presidential election, which appeared in the later anthology, was turned into a movie directed by Alejandro Springall called "My Mexican Shivah". The film was praised by Martin Tsai in the "New York Sun" ("Lifetimes To Go in Old Mexico." August 29, 2008). Mr. Tsai writes ""My Mexican Shivah" offers so much profundity that almost every viewer can walk out of the theater with something to mull...Mr. Springall and screenwriter Jorge Goldenberg have so skillfully infused the film with an intriguing story, convincing performances, and a breezy pace that one nearly forgets that the action unfolds almost entirely within the confines of one house. The film's coda may be somewhat anticlimactic because the confrontations do not boil over as anticipated. But, like the rest of the film, it rings utterly true." 
The themes in Stavans' fiction range from redemption and revenge to cultural authenticity and political activism. In "A Heaven Without Crows," he imagines Kafka's final letter to Max Brod, suggesting that maybe he shouldn't burn his œuvre. "The One-Handed Pianist" deals with a rare disease affecting a piano concert player, impeding her the use of one hand. In "Xerox Man," written for the BBC, about an Orthodox Jewish thief of rare books, Stavans meditates on imperfection. And in "The Disappearance," about the kidnapping of a famous Jewish stage actor in the Low Countries, Stavans explores the perils of silence. "The Disappearance" serves as the basis of a play he created with the Double Edge Theater Company. The play's premiere was staged at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles on October 16, 2008 (see Mike Boehm's article "Seeking Haven on Earth." "Los Angeles Times" October 15, 2008). 
His graphic novel "Mr. Spic Goes to Washington" (2008) was hailed by the writer Rigoberto González as "Stavans' latest contribution to a stellar career in literary troublemaking." Mr. González states in the "El Paso Times" (Texas) "Unlike "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington", the Jimmy Stewart vehicle that inspires the title and premise of this book (a film that, incidentally, did not thrill Congress back in 1939 because of its depiction of a corrupt and self-absorbed branch of government), "Mr. Spic" inhabits a grittier version of this fantasy story line: There really is no place for such a pro-Latino agitator like him in Washington. And so his political career is cut short, though Stavans assures us that the ideas, dreams and visions of a pioneer do not vanish with his martyrdom." ("What If You Voted for the Vato?" "El Paso Times" October 19, 2008) Elaine Ayala writes in the "San Antonio Express-News" ""Mr. Spic" delivers Latino history lessons with comedic bows not only to Mr. Smith but Cervantes' Don Quixote, Woody Allen's "Zelig", JFK conspiracy theories, even Bill Clinton...The 110-page book is a quick, entertaining read that will appeal to a wider and younger audience than has read Stavans before. Fans of "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" and "The Colbert Report" will enjoy its comedic value and caustic satire." ("Idealistic Mr. Spic Shocks and Provokes." "San Antonio Express-News" July 27, 2008)
Cultural Studies.
His views on language are polemical in their approach to word and structure formation. Stavans believes that dictionaries and language academies are buffers whose improbable function is to provide continuity for a language, but suggests that such continuity, especially in the age of electronic communication, is fatuous. He accuses the Royal Academy of the Spanish Language in Madrid of colonialism, among other things. He has also studied the Iberian conquest of the Americas in the 16th century from a linguistic perspective. Translation, for Stavans, represents appropriation. He defined modernity as “a translated way of life” and has written and lectured on the role translators perform as communicating vessels across epochs and habitats.
Publishing.
Since 2013, Stavans has been the publisher of Restless Books,a digital-only imprint based in Brooklyn. Producing books of fiction and nonfiction, graphic novels, travel writing, criticism, and visual arts, the company describes itself as "a digital publisher for readers and writers in search of new destinations, experiences, and perspectives." James Bridle of The Guardian wrote that Restless "finally delivers on the promise of electronic books to go wider and deeper into world literature than paper publishing has ever been able to do."
Critical bibliography.
He has been criticized by some academics and scholars who have taken issue with his formulation of US Latino identity and/or with his research in literary studies, for example, concerns regarding factual errors in his published output. Given Stavans' ethnicity and distinctive background, part of a prominent minority (up to 50,000 Jews live in Mexico, within a total population of 120 million), there is widespread criticism of his authority to speak of a more general Mexican and Latin American condition.
Publications.
Television.
"Conversations with Ilan Stavans" (PBS, La Plaza)
Films.
"Morirse está en hebreo" / "My Mexican Shivah" (2006) Directed by Alejandro Springall.

</doc>
<doc id="5882727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882727" title="South Carolina's 3rd congressional district">
South Carolina's 3rd congressional district

The 3rd Congressional District of South Carolina is a congressional district in western South Carolina bordering both Georgia and North Carolina. It includes all of Abbeville, Anderson, Edgefield, Greenwood, McCormick, Oconee, Pickens and Saluda counties, most of Laurens County. The district is mostly rural, but much of the economy revolves around the manufacturing centers of Anderson and Greenwood.
History.
Historically, the district was a Democratic stronghold, and Democrats continued to hold most local offices well into the 1990s. However, most residents share the socially conservative views of their counterparts in the 4th district and the district has elected Republicans since 1994. Republicans now dominate the district's politics at all levels, usually scoring margins rivaling those in the 4th. J. Gresham Barrett, elected in 2002, did not seek reelection in 2010 in order to run for governor. State Rep. Jeff Duncan won the seat in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5882728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882728" title="Brian McDermott (rugby league)">
Brian McDermott (rugby league)

Brian G. McDermott (born 16 March 1970 in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire) is an English professional rugby league football coach and former player. He is the head coach of the Leeds Rhinos club of Super League, having started his coaching career at Harlequins in 2006. A Great Britain international representative forward, McDermott played his club football for Bradford Northern, winning Grand Finals and Challenge Cups with them.
Biography.
McDermott was a Royal Marine for five years and played amateur rugby league as a junior for Eastmoor RLFC before becoming professional.
Playing career.
1990s.
McDermott joined Bradford Northern in 1994, where he stayed for 10 years. He played for Bradford at prop forward in their 1996 Challenge Cup Final loss to St Helens. McDermott won a cap for England while at Bradford Bulls in 2001 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Bradford in 1996 against Fiji, and in 1997 against Australia (SL) (3 matches).
In the 1997 post season, McDermott was selected to play for Great Britain at prop forward in all three matches of the Super League Test series against Australia. McDermott played for Bradford Bulls from the interchange bench in the 1999 Super League Grand Final which was lost to St Helens RLFC.
2000s.
McDermott played for the Bradford Bulls at prop forward in their 2001 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors. As Super League VI champions, the Bulls played against 2001 NRL Premiers, the Newcastle Knights in the 2002 World Club Challenge. McDermott played as a prop forward in Bradford's victory. He also played for Bradford from the interchange bench in their 2002 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RFC. After ending his playing career in 2004, McDermott moved into coaching.
Coaching career.
2000s.
McDermott had spells on the coaching staff at Super League clubs Huddersfield and Leeds before accepting his first top-flight head coaching role at Harlequins in July 2006, replacing Tony Rea. McDermott won his first ever match as a Head Coach against Castleford. He went on to claim 5 wins and 4 losses in 2006. His record was boosted by the fact that he won three of these games by two or less points to take 'Quins to a very flattering seventh position in what was a season long battle against relegation with safety only certain with a couple of games to go.
In 2007, McDermott's team won at St Helens away at the start of the season. His luck from 2006 was not followed up with narrow wins being replaced by a series of home draws and he also saw him team lose the only tryless game in Super League history at Salford, 5-2. The club won just 9 games and finished 9th but was competitive in the main.
He started 2008 started with a heavy home loss to Wigan but then gained four successive wins before being smashed at Leeds. The promising start evaporated and the club again won just 9 games, finishing 9th. The victory against Leeds was his best result of the season but a crushing home defeat to Castleford was his worst. 
In 2009 the season saw Harlequins with 9 wins from 15 out of the first 16 rounds on 12 June 2010 and up to fourth place. These early results saw Warrington thrashed 60-8 plus Harlequins win away to Leeds and Hull KR, but also four wins against the newly promoted Celtic Crusaders and Salford clubs which helped show a strong record. 
After 12 June, McDermott saw his side collapse with only one further win - away at Bradford on 2 August 2009 - from the last 12 games of the season. Supporters had grown used to a second half of the season decline but the fall from fourth to eleventh was not expected. The long series of embarrassing home defeats including losing an 8 point lead to Salford with four minutes to go, a 0-48 loss to Castleford and the Bradford home defeat which included a 0-36 reverse at half-time. This gave an overall of 11 wins from 27 games.
2010s.
In 2010, the continuation of Brian's tenure was not entirely supported and the club won just the third game of the season against Catalans from all the first eleven games. This took his record to just two wins from twenty three games. Perhaps the biggest shock in the 15th season of Super League was the comeback from the half-time 6-24 reverse to win away at Wigan in round 12. He then signed Kevin Penny on loan and won four out of five games. After this run ended on 1 May and as in 2009 it was 9 July before the next win and another 6 weeks later before a late try took the two points on 14 August against Catalans. This gave him 6 wins from 26 games, with a last match against Warrington to come.
By the end of 2010, McDermott had won just 40 games from a total of very close to 120 games and seen the club decline from 7th to 9th, 9th again, 11th and then to a position between 12th and 14th and was out of contract in July 2011. 7 wins from 38 games made a contract renewal implausible and it was no surprise that there was no offer of a new contract at Quins. He was declined by Bradford and England as Head Coach and he eventually chose to rejoin Leeds on the support staff to Brian McClennan in his old job and return to his native Yorkshire to rejoin with his family. Soon after joining he became head coach.
Brian McDermott worked as assistant to Tony Smith and has played under the likes of Brian Smith, Matthew Elliott and Brian Noble at Bradford
On 25 October 2010, following the resignation of Brian McClennan, it was announced that Brian McDermott would take over as head coach at Headingley on a three-year contract.
McDermott coached Leeds to the 2011 Challenge Cup final which was lost to Wigan. However, McDermott guided Leeds to Super League glory at Old Trafford against St Helens, astonishingly from 5th place in the league. McDermott replicated the same feat in 2012, where Leeds won the World Club Challenge against Manly Sea Eagles. They reached the 2012 Challenge Cup Final, but were beaten by Warrington. Two months later, the two sides met again in the 2012 Super League Grand Final which Leeds won for the 7th time in nine years making it two out of two for McDermott in his first two years as head coach.
By coincidence, on 12 April 2013 Leeds United announced their new manager as Brian McDermott, meaning that both the rugby league and football teams in the city of Leeds have managers with the same name as the other. Both sides also have players by the name of Ryan Hall, one a 25-year old winger for the rugby league side, the other a 25-year old winger for Leeds United.

</doc>
<doc id="5882734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882734" title="Tibetan pony">
Tibetan pony

The Tibetan pony is today found in Tibet. Once thought to be simple hardy mountain ponies developed from Mongolian stock, recent research indicates that there may be up to six separate horse breeds native to Tibet.
History.
It is generally believed that most Tibetan ponies descended from ancient stock, likely partly from the Mongolian Pony and Chinese breeds. However, some breeds, such as the Nangchen horse have apparently have been bred pure for centuries. Another type, the Riwoche horse, has been hypothesized to have been developed in isolation to a degree that some claim it is an evolutionary link between the prehistoric wild horse and the modern domestic horse, though it could also be a domesticated variety that reverted to primitive coloring. 
Horses in general are well regarded by the local people, and they have been traditionally kept by both wealthy Tibetans and farmers alike, as well as by the Dalai Lama and other religious figures. The ponies were sent as gifts to Chinese Emperors, especially during the Ming and Tang dynasties. Horses also were commonly traded for tea from the southern parts of Sichuan province, China even as late as the 1950s. The trade was prolific to the extent that the route between Lhasa and Sichuan came to be known as the Tea-Horse Road.
Characteristics.
The ponies are known for having considerable strength and endurance for their size, as well as sure-footedness and resilience. They are mostly kept as light draft animals, as well as for pack and riding work. The Nangchen horse is used as a race horse and for handling livestock.
Most Tibetan ponies have a pronounced jaw line, straight profile, and small ears and eyes. The neck is a muscular and a bit short, the chest is deep, the shoulder is straight. The ponies have powerful hindquarters, and short, strong legs with good joints.
Cross Breeding.
The Tibetan Pony has been extensively crossbred with the Bhutia Pony and the Spiti Pony to create a new type called the Indian Country Bred. The Tibetan breeds in their pure form do retain individual characteristics and heritage, however.

</doc>
<doc id="5882744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882744" title="List of old Macintosh software">
List of old Macintosh software

This is a list of Apple Macintosh software which no longer runs on current machines. For example, the software may require Mac OS 9 which does not run on Apple's current Intel machines. Note that most old programs can still be run using emulators, such as SheepShaver, vMac or Basilisk II.
For a list of current programs, see List of Macintosh software, or visit Apple's database at the Macintosh Products Guide. Third party databases include VersionTracker, MacUpdate and iUseThis. Since a list like this might grow too big and become unmanageable, this list is confined to those programs for which a Wikipedia article exists.

</doc>
<doc id="5882745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882745" title="Michael Welch (footballer)">
Michael Welch (footballer)

Michael Welch (born 11 January 1982 in Crewe) is a former English-born Irish footballer. He is a former Republic of Ireland youth international.
Career.
His other previous clubs include Barnsley and Macclesfield Town.
A former Republic of Ireland youth international, he was signed by Stanley prior to the start of the2005-06 season after creating a superb impression in the pre season games. He started his career as a trainee at Barnsley and on his release in 2001, he was signed by Macclesfield going on to make his debut towards the end of his first season. Before leaving he made over a century of appearances. In December 2006, a goal he scored against Stockport was awarded the accolade of coming second in the "Goal of the Year 2006" competition, bettered only by a goal scored by Argentina in the FIFA World Cup. Welch also won Conference National Goal of the season award 2008–09 for an 80 yard lob against Crawley Town.
He left Altrincham in February 2011 and did not join a new club.

</doc>
<doc id="5882754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882754" title="Huyton (UK Parliament constituency)">
Huyton (UK Parliament constituency)

Huyton was a county constituency in the United Kingdom. Created in 1950, it was centred on Huyton in Lancashire (later Merseyside), North West England, just beyond the borders of the city of Liverpool. Its one and only Member of Parliament throughout its existence was Labour MP Harold Wilson, who became Labour Party leader in 1963, then serving as prime minister from 1964 to 1970 and again from 1974 to 1976.
The constituency ceased to exist with the implementation of the 1983 boundary changes and was replaced by the Knowsley South Constituency. This coincided with Wilson's retirement from parliament.
Boundaries.
As created in 1950, the constituency included the urban districts of Huyton with Roby, Prescot, and the parishes of Eccleston, Kirkby, Knowsley and Windle from the Whiston Rural District. The area had previously formed part of the Widnes constituency. In 1970 it was redefined, excluding Kirkby, which instead became part of the Ormskirk constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="5882757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882757" title="Don Petrie">
Don Petrie

Don Petrie (born May 22, 1922 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former Canadian soccer player and head coach.
Don Petrie played Vancouver St. Saviour's 1942-43, University of British Columbia 1943-46, St. Saviours again 1946-47, Vancouver City 1947-48.
Petrie coached the Vancouver Halecos, helping them win the Canadian club championship in 1956. He coached the Canadian national soccer team in 1957 in World Cup qualifying games against Mexico and United States.
On April 2000 Petrie was inducted as a Builder into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.
Married to Grace Petrie and resides in White Rock, B.C. Canada. He has 3 children, Don, Robert, and Brenda. He has 4 grandchildren, Kelly, Whitney, Adam, and Steven. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882762" title="An Oxford Elegy">
An Oxford Elegy

An Oxford Elegy is a work for narrator, small mixed chorus and small orchestra, written by Ralph Vaughan Williams between 1947 and 1949. It uses portions of two poems by Matthew Arnold, "The Scholar Gipsy" and "Thyrsis". The first performance took place privately, whilst the public premiere took place in Oxford in June 1952, with Steuart Wilson as the speaker and Bernard Rose conductor.
All his life, Vaughan Williams wanted to create an opera from Arnold's "Scholar Gipsy". As early as 1901, he had sketched a tune that eventually found its way into the later work. In an unusual move, he employed a narrator to deliver the text. The chorus generally sings wordlessly, only occasionally declaiming portions of the text to echo the speaker. 
Vaughan Williams did not usually write music of melancholy nostalgia, but the subject matter makes such an approach necessary. The piece does have a subtle shift to resignation and even acceptance at the end. The work as a whole is a loving and ruminative evocation of Arnold's time and place. Hugh Ottaway has characterised the work as "pastoral" in nature. Peter Pirie has postulated that this work is Vaughan Williams' homage to his friend and fellow-composer Gustav Holst, and noted its aesthetic affinity with "Flos Campi".
A typical performance usually lasts 20–25 minutes. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882772" title="Fuseta">
Fuseta

Fuseta () is a civil parish, located in the municipality of Olhão in the Portuguese district of Faro, in the Algarve. The parish occupies an area of approximately and at the 2001 census had a population of 2,146. This parish belonged to the county of Tavira until 1876.
History.
Fuseta, dates back to 1572, when it was then referred to as "Fozeta", a name that is derived from the diminutive for "foz" (referring to "river mouth"); the "Rio Tronoco" disgorges into the sea from this location. Initially, the area was just a collection of small shacks used by fishermen to store tools for their fishing boats. Gradually, it developed into a small settlement.
Fuseta first appeared on the books during the Portuguese Age of Discovery, when many of the villages fishermen shipped aboard the caravels to the spice routes and expeditions in the Far East. Gaspar Corte-Real, a nobleman and resident of this area, claimed to have discovered the land now known as Newfoundland in 1500, beginning many of the Portuguese ventures onto the Grand Banks in search of codfish.
The oldest religious place of worship in Fuseta, the Chapel of Nossa Senhora do Carmo ("Our Lady of Carmo") existed by 1758. As the population grew, the Bishop of the Algarve, D. Francisco Gomes de Avelar, was petitioned to grant the ecumenical independence of the parish, which had previously been included in Moncarapacho. Although Fuseta became its own parish, on 12 March 1874, by Bishop D. André, who indicated the parish would remain a suffragette of Moncarapacho until population levels grow significantly. It was Bishop D. Francisco Gomes, on 22 October 1802, who finally established the new independent parish.
By 1790 the settlement included 90 fishermen and six fishing boats, which fished in the waters around Laraxe between April and September. From October to the end of Easter these fishermen would fish around Setúbal, and unloaded in Lisbon. 
In 1835, the parish was exempted from paying fees to the Diocese, by the Governor of the Bishop, Dr. António de Santo Ilídio da Fonseca e Silva. It was this year that Fonseca and Silva determined the need to construct the parochial church, which was visited in 1898 by King Carlos. It was constructed on an elevated place using the income from maritime compromises in 1825 that separated Fuseta and Tavira.
Economy.
The principal economic activity of Fuseta remains fishing and its derivatives. Owing to the beaches, camping parks and proximity to the island of Armona-Fuseta, the tourism industry has been growing.
Geography.
With an area of , Fuseta is located along the Algarvean coast, bounded on the north and west by the parish of Moncarapacho, to the south by the Ria Formosa and along the east by the municipality of Tavira.

</doc>
<doc id="5882774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882774" title="Ana María Campoy">
Ana María Campoy

Ana María Campoy (26 July 1925 – 8 July 2006) was an Argentine actress of Colombian origin. She was born in Bogotá, the child of a couple of actors who had a theatre company in Spain. She began acting at the age of 4, and at 17 she formed her own company.
In 1947, while in Guatemala, she married Argentine actor and director Pepe Cibrián, with whom she had two sons, Pepe and Roberto. Two years later they settled in Argentina. There, Campoy acted on TV, cinema and theatre; she also published a book of love stories. She received two Martín Fierro Awards, a Konex Award for her comedy acting, and a Podestá Award to her career in theatre.
Campoy died of a recurring pneumonia in a hospital of Buenos Aires in 2006, two weeks before turning 81.

</doc>
<doc id="5882788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882788" title="North Korea–South Korea relations">
North Korea–South Korea relations

North Korea–South Korea relations are the political, diplomatic, and military interactions between North Korea and South Korea, from the division of Korea in 1945 following World War II to today.
According to a 2013 BBC World Service Poll, 4% of South Koreans view North Korea's influence positively, with 90% expressing a negative view. However a 2014 government funded survey found only 13% of South Koreans viewed North Korea as hostile, and 58% of South Koreans believed North Korea was a country they should cooperate with.
History.
The end of Korea under Japanese rule.
The Korean peninsula had been occupied by Japan from 1910 to 1945. After the defeat of Japan in World War II, the Korean peninsula was occupied by the Soviet Union in the North and the United States in the South. The dividing line was the 38th parallel north.
Establishment of South Korea.
South Korean history begins with the division of the Korean Peninsula in 1945. A civilian government was established in 1948, beginning the First Republic. Syngman Lee becomes the first president.
Establishment of North Korea.
North Korea was proclaimed on September 11 in 1948, under the supervision of the occupying Soviet forces. The Soviets preferred Korean Communists who had spent the war years in the Soviet Union in power, rather than the Communist Party of Korea. Kim Il-sung is named head of the North Korean Provisional People's Committee in February 1946. Kim then became Prime Minister, a post which he held until 1972, before becoming President.
Reconciliation and antagonism.
Second Summit in 2007.
The June 15, 2000 Joint Declaration that the two leaders signed during the first South-North summit stated that they would hold the second summit at an appropriate time. It was originally thought in 2000 that the second summit would be held in South Korea, but that was not to be the case in 2007.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun walked across the Korean Demilitarized Zone on October 2, 2007 and travelled on to Pyongyang for talks with Kim Jong-il. During the visit, there were meetings and discussions.
The two sides reaffirmed the spirit of the June 15 Joint Declaration and had discussions on various issues related to realizing the advancement of South-North relations, peace on the Korean Peninsula, common prosperity of the people and the unification of Korea. On October 4, 2007, South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun and North Korean leader Kim Jong-il signed the peace declaration. The document called for international talks to replace the which ended the Korean War with a permanent peace treaty.
2010s.
2010: Sinking of a South Korean naval vessel.
On March 26, 2010, according to South Korea's Yonhap News Agency, the 1,500-ton ROKS "Cheonan" with a crew of 104, sank off Baengnyeong Island in the Yellow Sea. Seoul said there was an explosion at the stern, and was investigating whether a torpedo attack was the cause. Out of 104 sailors, 46 died and 58 were rescued. South Korean President Lee Myung-bak convened an emergency meeting of security officials and ordered the military to focus on rescuing the sailors.
On May 20, 2010, a team of international researchers published results claiming that the sinking had been caused by a North Korean torpedo; North Korea rejected the findings. South Korea agreed with the findings from the research group and President Lee Myung-bak declared afterwards that Seoul would cut all trade with North Korea as part of measures primarily aimed at striking back at North Korea diplomatically and financially. North Korea denied all such allegations and responded by severing ties between the countries and announced it abrogated the previous non-aggression agreement.
2010: Bombardment of Yeonpyeong island.
On November 23, North Korea's artillery fired at South Korea's Yeonpyeong island in the Yellow Sea and South Korea returned fire. Two South Korean marines and two civilians were killed, more than a dozen were wounded, including three civilians. The town was evacuated and South Korea warned of stern retaliation, with President Lee Myung-bak ordering the destruction of a nearby North Korea missile base if further provocation should occur.
The official North Korean news agency, KCNA, stated that North Korea only fired after the South had "recklessly fired into our sea area".
Kidnapping.
In 2011 it was revealed that North Korea abducted four high-ranking South Korean military officers in 1999.
2012: North Korea launches satellite.
On December 12, North Korea launched the Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2, a scientific and technological satellite, and it reached orbit. The United States moved warships to the region.
2013.
On January 1, 2013 Kim Jong-un delivered a New Year's Day message on KCTV calling for better relations with South Korea. North Korea announced its intentions on January 24, 2013 to target the United States in its missile and nuclear programs. The statement called the United States the "sworn enemy of the Korean people". In February, North Korea conducted an underground nuclear weapons test and confirmed with China, its only supporter in the region, that it would conduct others within the year.
During the training exercises Key Resolve/Foal Eagle 2013 conducted between South Korea and the United States, North Korea threatened to abandon the Korean Armistice Agreement, arguing the exercises threatened North Korea with nuclear weapons and that the U.S. was unwilling to negotiate a peace treaty to replace the armistice. JoongAng Ilbo reported that U.S. vessels equipped with nuclear weapons were participating in the exercise, and the Pentagon publicly announced that B-52 bombers flown over South Korea were reaffirming the U.S. "nuclear umbrella" for South Korea.
On March 8, 2013, the North Korean government announced that it was withdrawing from all non-aggression pacts with South Korea in response to UN Resolution 2094. On March 11, 2013, the United States and South Korea began military drills amid high tensions and Pyongyang strongly condemned the exercises.
On March 20, 2013, there was a cyber-attack against South Korea which added to tensions. It was later confirmed by the South Korean government that North Korea was behind the attack.
On April 3, a U.S. step-by-step plan "playbook" concerning high-visibility display of military power aimed at deterring North Korean provocations was released to the public.
On April 4, North Korea moved what is believed to be an intermediate-range missile to its east coast, possibly in preparation for a drill or test-firing. Many nations, specifically Japan, South Korea, and the United States, viewed this move as a continuation of North Korea's attempts to provoke confrontation throughout the beginning of 2013.
On April 9, North Korea issued its latest dispatch of ominous rhetoric, telling foreigners in South Korea they should take steps to secure shelter or evacuation to protect themselves in the event of a conflict on the Korean Peninsula. The unnerving message, announced by state-run media, followed a warning from the North the previous week to diplomats in its capital city, Pyongyang, that if war were to break out, it would not be able to guarantee their safety. In the statement, the North's Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee reiterated accusations that Washington and Seoul were seeking to provoke a war with Pyongyang. "Once a war is ignited on the peninsula, it will be an all-out war," the committee said, adding that North Korea doesn't want foreigners in South Korea to "fall victim" to a conflict.
2014.
On February 26, South Korean defense officials claimed that despite warnings a North Korean warship repeatedly crossed into South Korean waters overnight. The alleged incursion occurred just as South Korea was joining the United States in joint military exercises involving nearly 200,000 troops from the two countries. The incident was said to have occurred at the Northern Limit Line which North Korea disputes is a legitimate maritime border.

</doc>
<doc id="5882794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882794" title="Dorothy Hayden Truscott">
Dorothy Hayden Truscott

Dorothy Hayden Truscott (November 3, 1925 – July 4, 2006) was an American bridge player, winner of four world championships and the top-ranked woman for many years. She wrote two books on the game in the 1960s and co-wrote two with her husband Alan Truscott about 30 years later.
Career.
Dorothy Johnson was born in New York City. She graduated from Smith College and briefly taught mathematics in Kalamazoo, Michigan. Her first two marriages ended in divorce. Her third, in 1972, was to Alan Truscott, bridge journalist for "The New York Times".
Her parents, Dorothy and Reginald Johnson, were keen bridge players and taught their daughter the game when she was 7 years old. Truscott would normally watch her mother play the game, but her father would allow her to bid and play his hand when he poured drinks. One evening a player was late, and she was allowed to fill in. That introduction made her a "bridge addict" for the remainder of her life.
She won the first of her national titles in 1959. Truscott won four world titles as a player: the Venice Cup in 1974, 1976 and 1978, and the World Women Team Olympiad in 1980. She was the non-playing captain of the winning American Venice Cup team in 1989.
In 1965, Truscott became the second woman to play for the United States in the Bermuda Bowl world championship. She was one of the main accusers in a major bridge scandal that involved allegations of cheating brought against the British pair of Terence Reese and Boris Schapiro.
Truscott is the only female player to have won a medal in the World Open Pairs Championship, where she won a bronze medal in 1966. She won a silver medal at the Bermuda Bowl in 1965 and bronze medals at Women's Team Olympiads in 1968, 1972 and 1976 and the World Women Pairs Championship in 1962 and 1974.
She wrote two books on bridge that became best-sellers: "Bid Better, Play Better" and "Winning Declarer Play" first published in 1966 and 1969 respectively; each was reprinted several times. She was a contributing editor to several editions of the "Official Encyclopedia of Bridge" (Alan Truscott, Executive Editor) and wrote two books with Alan: "Teach Yourself Basic Bidding" in 1976 and "The New York Times Bridge Book" in 2002. She also published a historical novel in 2002, "Hell Gate", about early Dutch settlers in Harlem.
Among new ideas attributed to Truscott are an unusual jump to show a singleton or void along with support in partner's suit (a splinter bid) and responses to Blackwood after interference (DOPI). Both of the systems are now commonly found in bridge partnerships worldwide.
Truscott died in New Russia, New York, of complications from Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5882800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882800" title="Giraldi">
Giraldi

Giraldi is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5882807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882807" title="St Gemma's High School">
St Gemma's High School

St Gemma's High School is a secondary school located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is within the Belfast Education and Library Board area. Its name originates from the Catholic saint of the Passionist order, Gemma Galgani (1878–1903). In October 2011, it was announced that the school would face permanent closure in September 2012, due to fallen numbers. However the school stayed open for another year. In January 2013 the closing date of the school was announced, August 30th 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882812" title="Anik Matern">
Anik Matern

Anik Matern (born April 30, 1963) is an actress and founder of the award winning Dynamic Theater Factory. Community Builder award discerned to D.T.F and Anik Matern by the Actra Montreal union branch for her outstanding contribution to the industry.
She was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and graduated from John Abbott College Professional Theatre Program.
Personal life.
Anik has served as an acting consultant, a coach for television/film projects, a director, a writer, an actress, a voice actress and is founder and president of the Dynamic Theater Factory.
A graduate of the John Abbott College Professional Theatre Program, and an accomplished actor, Anik has served as acting consultant and coach for television and film projects including The Jackie Onassis Project for Muse Entertainment, The Growing Pains Movie for Atomic Films, The Sleep Room for Cinar Productions, The Hunger for Telescene, including over a dozen more to date. Anik has directed and written over 6 successful creative works in Montreal, one for Toronto and 3 in France. Her acting credits include: Underdogs for the Just for Laughs Festival, Secret Window opposite Johnny Depp, NBC's The Reagans opposite James Brolin, Isn't She Great opposite Bette Midler, Chasing Holden and many more. Anik had fun playing 'Thelma the android' in seasons I and II of Space Cases for Cinar/Nickelodeon TV, and as series regular 'Brenan the witch' in Back to Sherwood, for CBC and YTV. She has played in Are You Afraid of the Dark II?, Lassie, All Souls, and Fries With That? Recently in Baby for Sale and as lead coach and motivator in CBC's docu-drama Battle of The Sexes. Anik continues to lend her voice to many wonderful characters in animation series such as Robert Munsch's The Snow Suit, as 'Chloe' in Madeline, 'Maid Marian' in Hanna-Barbera's Young Robin Hood, and as 'Violet' in The Bellflower Bunnies.
Filmography.
Television series and voice work includes:
She has also been a guest star on "Are You Afraid of the Dark?" and "All Souls".
Movie work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5882826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882826" title="Mia Elliott">
Mia Elliott

Mia Elliott was a groundbreaking character and the first protagonist on the American soap opera "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". She was played for the show's first few months by Nancy Hsueh, an American actress of Chinese and Scots-Irish origin.
To San Francisco from Hong Kong.
Mia was the Amerasian daughter of the late War correspondent and Korean War veteran, Mark Elliott and Eurasian doctor, Dr. Han Suyin. She was born from the relationship that her parents had. Like her mother, she too wanted to be a doctor, and to this end, she moved to San Francisco, California to attend Medical School. 
While on the ship that would take her to her new home. She met Paul Bradley, who was also en route to San Francisco. When she arrived, she met her father's brother, Phil and his wife, Helen, who took her in. She bonded well with her cousin and her father's namesake, Mark Elliott. She also met the Elliotts' friends, the Donnelly family. 
While in San Francisco, she had met and fallen in love with Dr. Jim Abbott. However, during their relationship, she had discovered that Jim had performed an illegal abortion. Because of this, he lost his license to practice medicine, (abortion was still illegal at this time) and he also lost Mia. 
Understandably, because of her upbringing and her Asian heritage, she was disgusted by this, and so left San Francisco to return to Hong Kong. Presumably, Mia is still there to this day, and working as a doctor, much like her mother.
Trivia.
Mia was one of the first, and at that time, the "only" Eurasian character who was involved in a front-burner storyline. Mia was meant to be the main focus of the show, since the show was a sequel to the movie of the same name, and she was the daughter of the movie's main characters; however, the story was quite controversial, (interracial love, which had been the main plotline of the movie) and that had offended several older viewers and the story was censored. This situation had forced the show's creator, Irna Phillips to quit the show in her typical fury. 

</doc>
<doc id="5882831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882831" title="Brockhall">
Brockhall

Brockhall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5882838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882838" title="Campaigns of the American Civil War">
Campaigns of the American Civil War

The campaigns of the American Civil War are categorized in various ways. The U.S. Army Institute of Heraldry has identified 25 campaigns that are used for streamers, decorative devices attached to unit flags that denote participation in historic battles or campaigns. (An alternative campaign categorization is that of the National Park Service, charged with maintaining Civil War battlefields and other historic sites. This categorization is more detailed and inclusive than the Army heraldry version, particularly for actions outside of the Eastern Theater and Western Theater; see :Category:Campaigns of the American Civil War.)
The Civil War campaign streamers are equally divided with blue and gray. Units that received campaign credit as a Confederate unit (only applicable to some current Army National Guard units from Southern states) use the same ribbon with the colors reversed. Blue refers to Federal service and gray to Confederate. Joined together they represent the unification of the country after the Civil War.
The following inscriptions in yellow, shown in all capital letters, are authorized on the streamers:

</doc>
<doc id="5882839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882839" title="Dan Focht">
Dan Focht

Dan Focht (born December 31, 1977 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round, 11th overall, in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft.
After playing three seasons in the Western Hockey League, Focht joined the Coyotes' American Hockey League affiliate, the Springfield Falcons, for the 1997–98 season. He did not make his NHL debut with the Coyotes, however, until the 2001–02 season, during which he appeared in eight games.
After playing in ten more games for the Coyotes in the 2002–03 season, he was traded to the Pittsburgh Penguins in a multi-player deal which saw Jan Hrdina go to Phoenix. Focht appeared in 64 games in one-plus season with the Penguins.
Most recently, Focht spent the 2005–06 season with the Rochester Americans of the AHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5882840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882840" title="Bas van der Vlies">
Bas van der Vlies

Bastiaan Johannis "Bas" van der Vlies (born 29 June 1942 in Sliedrecht) is a retired Dutch politician of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He was an MP from 10 June 1981 to 17 June 2010. He was also both Parliamentary leader and Party leader from 22 May 1986 to 10 May 2010. 
Van der Vlies obtained a hydraulic engineering degree from the Delft University of Technology. He worked as a maths teacher before becoming a politician.

</doc>
<doc id="5882841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882841" title="Alder Branch, Tennessee">
Alder Branch, Tennessee

Alder Branch is an unincorporated community in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States. It is accessible via Tennessee Secondary Primary Route 338, outside of the city of Sevierville. The area is named for the Alder Branch Baptist Church founded in 1836, which itself is named for the Alder Branch stream which flows through the area. 
William Atchley, a locally famous Baptist preacher and member of the church, deeded a portion of his property to the Alder Branch Baptist Church and Cemetery where he now lies in state.
Geography.
Alder Branch is located at and has a mean elevation of 948 feet (289 metres)

</doc>
<doc id="5882872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882872" title="Slow Motion Addict">
Slow Motion Addict

Slow Motion Addict is the third album by Carina Round. It was pushed back from August 22, 2006 to June 5, 2007. "Downslow" was the first single on the album. The title "Slow Motion Addict" is taken from a self-portrait by Anoushka Fisz.
Track listing.
iTunes bonus track
The bonus track is also hidden in the pre-gap on track one of the CD. Simply start up the disc and hold down the rewind button to find it.
Bonus Disc — Tease and Sting EP.
A bonus promo EP called "Tease and Sting" EP was included on some limited edition releases of "Slow Motion Addict".
Slow Motion Addict — The Film.
To promote the album a feature length film was made called "Slow Motion Addict", including a video for 12 of the 13 songs featured on "Slow Motion Addict". The films were directed by Jesse Davey.
Carina Round stars in twelve episodes based around tracks from her new album, "Slow Motion Addict". Throughout the cycle of songs, Round plays the character "Maisie Scarlett", who at first glance seems to be an everyday type of girl but who in fact is caught in a nightmarish situation where a small part of her soul dies every day. Over time, she experiences a series of small emotional deaths and must choose to continue her surreal journey or engage directly with the demons who torment her. Directed by award-winning filmmaker Jesse Davey, the film is entirely set to music but is nonetheless far from a conventional video promo. The episodes became a notably addictive summer phenomenon when first released over the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="5882874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882874" title="Harris Whitbeck">
Harris Whitbeck

Harris Whitbeck is CNN's International Correspondent based in Mexico City, Mexico. He covers key events in Latin America and around the world for CNN Worldwide, including CNN International, CNN en Español, and CNN/U.S.
Since joining CNN in 1991, Whitbeck has reported on worldwide events including the war in Iraq and its aftermath, the U.S. led war against the Taliban in Afghanistan, the 2004 Haitian coup d'état, the rebellion in Chiapas, several papal visits to Latin America and the hostage crisis at the Japanese embassy in Lima. He also covered September 11's terrorist attack against The Pentagon, in Washington, D.C. He reported extensively from Turkey and Jordan before the war in Iraq and most recently he reported post war events from Iraq where he was part of the team of reporters who first broke the news of the death of Saddam Hussein's sons.
In Latin America, Whitbeck has covered important developments on political, economic and social arenas as well as numerous devastations caused by natural disasters. Among those, Whitbeck covered floods in Venezuela, the earthquake in Colombia and destruction left by Hurricane Mitch. On the political side, Whitbeck reported on the presidential elections in Mexico, Peru and Argentina, the Augusto Pinochet extradition process, the coup attempt in Ecuador, the death of Octavio Paz and Bill Clinton's trip to Latin America in May 1997. He also reported on the Latin American Summit from Monterrey, Mexico.
Whitbeck has received various journalism accolades such as the National Headliner Award for coverage of the Ciudad Juárez killings in 1999, and two others for his special report on the presence of Middle Eastern terror organizations in South America's Triple Borders region, comprising Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay in 2001. He won the Global Media Award, given by the Population Institute; and the Environmentalist Media Award, from the Association of Environmental Media. He also received a special Emmy recognition for his journalistic achievements. In addition, Whitbeck was selected one of the 12 leaders in the International Journalism category for 2001 by Guatemala's Business Council.
A native of Guatemala, Whitbeck holds a bachelor's degree in International Studies from Washington College in Chestertown, Maryland, and a master's degree in Journalism from Columbia University in New York City. He is fluent in English, French and Spanish.
Harris Whitbeck has been the host of the first 3 seasons of the Latin American version of the reality show The Amazing Race. The first two seasons aired on Discovery Channel Latin America, under the name The Amazing Race en Discovery Channel. The third season aired on September 25, 2011 on Space.

</doc>
<doc id="5882876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882876" title="Dillon Quartermaine">
Dillon Quartermaine

Dillon Albert Quartermaine (né Hornsby) is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, "General Hospital". He first appeared in 1992, and is the son of Paul Hornsby and Tracy Quartermaine. He also appeared briefly on ABC's now-defunct "The City" (1996–97). Dillon was portrayed by actor Scott Clifton from 2003 until 2007, when Clifton exited the role. He returned briefly in November and December 2007. Clifton was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for three consecutive year (2004, 2005 and 2006) of his portrayal of Dillion.
Casting.
Scott Clifton was cast as the teenaged Dillon Quartermaine in April 2003. He received Daytime Emmy nominations for Outstanding Young Actor in 2004, 2005 and 2006 for his role as Dillon. In May 2007, he chose not to renew his contract in order to pursue other musical and acting opportunities. He stayed on in a recurring status until his character could be written out of town, and also returned briefly at the end of 2007 so that his character could attend the funerals of Dillon's cousin, Emily Quartermaine, and ex-wife, Georgie Jones.
Storylines.
1992–96.
Dillon was born prematurely to Paul Hornsby, Sr. and Tracy Quartermaine on May 27, 1992. His Godparents were his brother Ned Ashton and his then wife, Jenny Eckert. Tracy fled to Europe with the boy to avoid being prosecuted for a hit and run accident, and to keep Paul from getting custody of Dillon in the wake of their divorce. Paul had no involvement in raising Dillon. In 1996, Dillon comes to the SoHo section of Manhattan with Tracy, who eventually marries the now-deceased mafioso Gino Soleito.
2003–07.
In 2003, Tracy returns to Port Charles, New York with a teenage Dillon and leaves him with her parents, Edward and Lila, and his older half-brother Ned Ashton for a time. Dillon is a film buff who dreams of becoming a filmmaker. He marries his longtime girlfriend, Georgie Jones during an encephalitis outbreak when they think he is going to die. He pulls though and the two eventually decide they are too young to marry and divorce.
In 2006, he sleeps with Lulu Spencer after she lies to him about Georgie's relationship with Diego Alcazar. When Lulu accidentally becomes pregnant, Dillon opposes her decision to get an abortion. He wants to raise the child himself, but eventually agrees with Lulu's decision. To deal with his grief, he briefly switches majors at Port Charles University, with an intent to become an executive at ELQ, the family company. He eventually switches back to his film buff ways.
In 2007, Dillon competes with multiple other suitors for Lulu's attention, but she tells him that they have too much history, and sees him only as a friend. He leaves town after Ned helps him get a job working with a movie director.
Dillon returns to town in late November after learning of his cousin, Emily's death. Returning again in December, Lulu reveals to him that Georgie has been murdered by the Text Message Killer. He is devastated by Georgie's death, and flies back to California as soon as the funeral is over.

</doc>
<doc id="5882880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882880" title="Goodbye (Dubstar album)">
Goodbye (Dubstar album)

Goodbye is Dubstar's second album. It was released in September 1997 on the Food Records label, a division of EMI that was also home to Blur.
Track listing.
All songs written by Steve Hillier, except where noted.
Japan bonus tracks.
The Japanese release includes the B-sides from lead single "No More Talk" as bonus tracks.
Personnel.
U.S. release.
"Stars" was the band's first album released in the U.S.; for this edition, six songs were removed and replaced with tracks from their previous UK release, "Disgraceful". The rearranged track listing includes "Stars" and "Not So Manic Now", the most popular singles from "Disgraceful", as well as some of their remixes.
All songs written by Steve Hillier except where otherwise noted. Songs not on UK release are noted in italics.
Singles.
The following singles were released from the album, in order of release date:

</doc>
<doc id="5882894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882894" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cheshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cheshire

__NOTOC__
There are 63 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Cheshire, England, covering a total area of 19,844 hectares (49,035 acres). Of these, 51 have been designated for their biological interest, 7 for their geological or geomorphological features, and 5 for both.
SSSIs are governed by the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, which mandates that sites be selected for their "flora, fauna, or geological or physiographical features". The body responsible for designating biological SSSIs in England is Natural England, which took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature on its creation in 2006. Earth sciences SSSIs are notified separately by the Joint Nature Conservation Committee across the entire UK via Geological Conservation Review. Natural England, like its predecessor bodies, uses a system of areas termed "Areas of Search", which broadly correspond with the 1974–1996 counties, and for consistency the same approach is followed here. In the case of Cheshire, the Area of Search differs from the modern ceremonial county boundary. Since the 1990s, nature conservation in England has also focused on 120 natural areas: regions defined by natural features rather than by administrative boundaries. The Cheshire Area of Search encompasses four natural areas.
The majority of the SSSIs fall within the "Meres and Mosses" natural area, which covers the bulk of the county, extending into Shropshire and Staffordshire to the south. This region is dominated by the Cheshire Plain, a wide expanse of flat or gently undulating farmland which rarely rises above 100 metres in elevation. Despite intensive agricultural use, diverse wetland habitats survive including mosses (bogs), swamps, fens, meres and thousands of ponds. Flashes, originating in subsidence after salt extraction, contain examples of inland salt marsh, an extremely rare habitat internationally. Ancient woodland is sparse throughout this area, but is found on the slopes of the Mid Cheshire Ridge and in river valleys towards the north of the county. The lowland heath habitat is very rare, occurring only at a handful of sites. The Mid Cheshire Ridge rises abruptly in the middle of the plain, with a high point of 227 metres; its Triassic sandstones are exposed at the Raw Head geological site.
Two extensive sites, Goyt Valley and Leek Moors, lie at the eastern edge of the county and the south-western end of the Pennines, within the "South West Peak" natural area of the Peak District. At a significantly higher elevation than the other Cheshire SSSIs and underlain by millstone grit and shale, they contain a variety of upland habitats, predominantly heather moorland, grassland and blanket mire.
Ten SSSIs are located in Warrington and the former boroughs of Halton and Ellesmere Port & Neston, in the north-west of the county. These fall within the "Urban Mersey Basin" natural area, which also covers Greater Manchester and Merseyside. Although the area as a whole is one of the most densely populated regions in Europe, much of the area within Cheshire is farmland. Semi-natural habitats here include ancient woodland, raised bog and freshwater wetland. The Rixton Clay Pits site represents former industrial land, and railway cuttings expose geological features. Finally, the "Liverpool Bay" coastal region contains two estuaries, the Mersey and Dee, which are Cheshire's largest SSSIs.
Notes.
All tabulated data are sourced from the Natural England website, and were last updated on 1 March 2010.
Data rounded to one decimal place. Area in acres converted from hectare value.
Grid reference is based on the British national grid reference system, also known as OSGB36, and is the system used by the Ordnance Survey.
Link to maps using the "Nature on the Map" service provided by Natural England.
Natural England citation sheets for each SSSI.
The River Dane and Holly Banks SSSIs overlap.

</doc>
<doc id="5882897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882897" title="Manipuri pony">
Manipuri pony

The Manipuri pony is a breed of pony developed in India. Experts disagree on its exact origin, although they do agree that it is an ancient breed, possibly developed from either the Tibetan pony or a cross between the Mongolian Wild Horse and the Arabian. First mentioned in written chronicles in 1584, Manipuri ponies were used as cavalry horses throughout the 17th and 18th centuries. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, they were in demand by the British for use as polo ponies. Breed numbers have dwindled, however, mainly due to exports, and today the population is very low. In 2007, a genetic study was conducted on the Manipuri and four other Indian equine breeds. The Manipuri was shown to be genetically close to three other Indian pony breeds, but genetically more distant from the Marwari, the sole Indian horse breed in the study. The Manipuri pony was originally bred for polo and military usage, and today is bred mainly for playing polo and racing, although it is also in demand for military transport use.
Breed characteristics.
The Manipuri breed has a light head with a straight profile, set on a well-formed neck, somewhat pronounced withers, a deep chest and sloping shoulders. The croup is sloping, the legs sturdy and the hooves well-proportioned. The breed's overall appearance is elegant, an inheritance from their Arabian ancestors. Manipuri ponies generally stand high. They are often bay in color, but can also be pinto, gray and chestnut. Because of the short height of the ponies, riders use shortened mallets while playing polo. The Manipuri pony resembles, and is distantly related to, the Burmese Pony and the Indonesian Batak and Sumba ponies.
In 2007, a study was published that examined genetic variation among five Indian equine breeds—the Manipuri, Marwari, Spiti, Bhutia, and Zanskari. Based on analysis of microsatellite DNA, the Manipuri was found to have the greatest genetic distance from the Marwari, and a much closer genetic distance to the other three breeds. The distance from the Marwari was not only genetic, but seen in physical characteristics, particularly height and environmental adaptability. The physical differences were attributed to differing ancestries: the Marwari horse is closely associated with the Arabian, while the four other breeds are thought to have descended at least in part from the Tibetan pony. None of the breeds in the study were found to be closely genetically associated with the Thoroughbred.
History.
Sources disagree as to the exact origins of the Manipuri pony, although all agree that it was derived from ancient stock. One source gives the ancestors of the pony as Tibetan ponies brought into India over a thousand years ago, while another states their origins to be a cross between the Mongolian Wild Horse and the Arabian, brought to India by invading Tartar tribes, who also brought the equestrian game of polo. Manipuri ponies have been bred for centuries in the Manipur area of northeast India. The first written mention of the breed dates to a brief statement in the 1584 Manipur Royal Chronicle. By the early 1600s, the breed was mentioned frequently in Manipur literature. They were often used as cavalry horses, and were ridden by Meitei warriors. Manipuri ponies played a major part in the cavalry commanded by Garib Newaz, whose horsemen terrorized upper Burma throughout the early 1700s and in 1738 were used during his Sack of Sagaing. Between 1859 and 1916, Manipuri ponies were extremely desired by the British for playing polo, and there were further infusions of Arabian blood in the 19th century, as British administrators and military officers sought to upgrade their polo ponies. The height of polo horses was initially restricted to , based on the average height of the Manipuri, and although this restriction was later relaxed to and then removed altogether, demand for Manipuris was so high that the area was drained of them. At one point during this period, the export of ponies from Manipur was banned to allow the breed time to increase in number to a viable level. Manipuris were also used to transport British troops into Burma throughout World War II.
In 1977, the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association was established to promote the Manipuri pony breed and the game of polo. In recent years, breed numbers have decreased, and estimates place the breed at somewhere between 2,300 and 1,000 in population in the 21st century. Population numbers continue to dwindle in part due to high numbers of ponies being smuggled into Myanmar (Burma), where the breed is in demand, after either having been purchased or stolen from their Indian owners. In 2005, a heritage park was begun by the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association with the goal of preventing the extinction of the breed and promoting them to tourists.
Uses.
Polo was introduced into the area of Manipur state as early as the seventh century, and Manipuri ponies were one of the first breeds used in the game. The British learned of polo during the 19th century while watching it played on Manipuri ponies in India. The breed is still used for polo today in India, but other breeds are more popular in Europe and America. Manipuri ponies are often also used to play "sagol kangjei", a version of polo believed to be close to what was originally played when the sport was invented. Sagol kangjei is more demanding than modern polo, as ponies are used for the entire match instead of being changed between periods. Manipuri ponies are also used for racing. During their early history, they were in demand as cavalry horses, and men that rode these ponies were thought well-mounted. They continue to be in demand for military uses.

</doc>
<doc id="5882899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882899" title="Monokine">
Monokine

A monokine is a type of cytokine produced primarily by monocytes and macrophages.
Some monokines are:
Functions.
Monokines released from macrophages can attract neutrophils, via the process chemotaxis.

</doc>
<doc id="5882911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882911" title="Logh (band)">
Logh (band)

Logh (pronounced "log") is a post-rock band formed in 1998 in Lund, Sweden. With four members, their first LP was released in 2002 on Bad Taste Records, incorporating elements of indie rock and shoegaze with hushed vocals and introspective lyrics. The album was followed by two more, with lo-fi shoegazer elements, lightly brushed snares, subtle guitar strumming, and droning bass lines.
After their second album, Kristofer Ronstrom (drums) was dropped from the band lineup, eventually replaced by not one but three new members, Markku Hildén (drums), Mattias Jeppsson, (guitar) and Karl Arvidson (keyboards).
Discography.
Compilations
Singles (7" Vinyl)

</doc>
<doc id="5882916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882916" title="Jason Bent">
Jason Bent

Jason Andrew Bent (born March 8, 1977) is a Canadian former football player who now works as an assistant coach at Toronto FC. A midfielder, he played in Major League Soccer for the Colorado Rapids, 2. Bundesliga for FSV Zwickau and the Football League for Plymouth Argyle. Bent won 32 caps for Canada at full international level.
Club career.
After playing college soccer for the University of Maryland, Bent started his pro career with the Colorado Rapids in the MLS. During his time with the Rapids he helped the team reach the finals for the first time, and in 1999 he again helped the Rapids reach the finals in the US Open Cup. 
Bent was really close to signing a long term contract with FC Copenhagen in 2001. But later in the year Bent signed with Plymouth Argyle helping the team win the English Third Division Championship in 2002, and the English Second Division Championship in 2004.
International career.
Bent played at the 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Japan, in a team alongside Paul Stalteri and Jeff Clarke. He then also played at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship in Malaysia, again with Stalteri and Clarke.
He made his senior his debut for Canada in an October 1997 World Cup qualification match against Mexico. He earned a total of 32 caps, scoring no goals. He represented Canada in 11 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001 Confederations Cup.
He was a member of the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup winning squad, but did not play because of injury. In 2002, Bent also scored a decisive penalty kick against Martinique in the 2002 Gold Cup quarter-finals where Canada finished in third place.
His final international was a November 2003 friendly match against Republic of Ireland, in which Bent suffered a serious knee injury. For two full years he spent every day in physiotherapy, but nothing could be done to save his career. Bent announced his official retirement on March 23, 2006 after failing to recover from knee injuries.
Coaching career.
Jason started his managerial career in 2008 as assistant coach of TFC Academy, after the academies inaugural season Bent took over the as head coach of the U-18 program. He served as the academies U-18 manager until 2011 with two players, Doneil Henry and Nicholas Lindsay graduating into Toronto FC first team. On February 22, 2011 it was announced that Bent would become assistant coach to the Toronto FC first team joining newly appointed manager Aron Winter and first assistant Bob de Klerk.

</doc>
<doc id="5882919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882919" title="Dream of Colours">
Dream of Colours

Dreams of Colours is an episodic serial by TVB.
Plot.
The series begins with Michelle Koo (Myolie Wu) on a plane after dropping out of university. Donna, her friend was on the plane with her. She was very nervous of going back home. Donna told her to relax and gave her something to drink. It was wine. When She Donna looked back she saw Nick Yau. She was very excited and went over there. She talk with him a lot asking him what could she wear. Michelle got drunk and wanted to drink more. She got some and went over to Donna and where Nick Yau were. She was holding a glass of wine over there. She went crazy and spilled the cloth on Nick Yau's lap. The cloth was very special to him because he was going to make a dress for Elaine, his girlfriend. When Michelle came home she faced with her furious father who is very disappointed in her. After some happenings, she becomes friends with FeiFei (Rain Li), and Ella (Sharon Chan). 
Somehow, they all end up working in Nee, a famous clothes line. Nee was famous because Nick Yau (Tse Kwan Ho) was in it. Coincidentally, Nick Yau was also Michelle's grandfather's student. Pulling strings, Michelle gets a job in Nee. However, only to help out with making coffee, photocopying things and other miscellaneous things.
Then, Ella wins a scholarship to study fashion designing. However, because of them getting trapped in a lift due to Michelle having to retrieve something, Ella was late and did not get the scholarship. She was heartbroken. So FeiFei and Michelle help to get her a job at Nee. She and FeiFei gets in together. Michelle seeing her two best friends always going off for meetings at Nee wants to as well. She tries her best to learn a little and Nick allowed her to attend meetings as well. Soon, Ella gets jealous as she realizes that Michelle's ideas are always accepted instead of hers. She gets jealous and starts tricking Michelle.
Also, Michelle eventually becomes the student of Nick Yau. Elaine (Melissa Ng) who had been dating Nick Yau for more than 10 years decides to break up witih him as she feels that Nick Yau would be better off with Michelle. Eventually, this comes true and Michelle and Nick Yau date. However, this was only showed in episode 20, the last one. For a more pleasant ending, it showed how Ella decided to change for the better and how with Michelle working hard, she won a scholarshop to study fashion designing. This series ends with a scene at the departure hall of Hong Kong Airport. Nick says that he would wait for Michelle to return.

</doc>
<doc id="5882921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882921" title="Grassi">
Grassi

Grassi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5882923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882923" title="John Warner Fitzgerald">
John Warner Fitzgerald

John Warner Fitzgerald (November 14, 1924–July 7, 2006) was a lawyer, member of the Michigan Senate, and chief justice of the Michigan Supreme Court. 
Fitzgerald was born in Grand Ledge, Michigan, the son of Frank Dwight Fitzgerald, Governor of Michigan, 1935–1936 and 1939, when he died in office. He was the grandson of John Wesley Fitzgerald, State Representative from Eaton County's 1st District, 1895-1896. 
Fitzgerald graduated from Grand Ledge High School in 1942, and continued his education with a bachelors degree from Michigan State University and a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School. He also studied at Princeton University and the University of Arizona.
Fitzgerald served with the United States Army Infantry during World War II. After the war, he was the legal counsel for the Michigan Senate from 1955 until 1958. He then ran for a seat in the state Senate himself and represented the 15th District from 1958 until 1962. Fitzgerald returned to private practice in the firm of Fitzgerald and Wirbel until 1964, when he was elected to the Michigan Court of Appeals, which had been newly created under the Michigan Constitution of 1963. He remained on the Court of Appeals until appointed to the Michigan Supreme Court on January 1, 1974. He sat on the high court for eight years, and in 1982, his last year on court, served as Chief Justice. Among his landmark decisions, People v Aaron, 409 Mich 472 299 NW2d 304 (1979), he is known for abrogating the state's felony murder rule. 
Fitzgerald played an important role in the Thomas M. Cooley Law School, which began in 1972. Fitzgerald served as a board member, an adjunct professor, and full-time professor at Cooley Law School. He was voted favorite member of the law faculty in a student poll conducted by the Italian-American Law Society. 
Fitzgerald's son, Frank M. Fitzgerald, was a member of the Michigan State House of Representatives from 1987 until 1998 and was appointed State Insurance Commissioner by then-Governor John Engler in 1999. He then served as the State Financial and Insurance Services Commissioner from 2000 until 2003. Frank died suddenly in December 2004.
Fitzgerald died in 2006 after a prolonged illness. He was survived by his wife Lorabeth; sons Adam, 45, and Eric, 48; and two grandchildren, Ellen and John.

</doc>
<doc id="5882939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882939" title="Deon Estus">
Deon Estus

Deon Estus (born Jeffery Deon Estus, 1956, Detroit, Michigan) is an American bassist and singer, best known as the bass player of Wham! and as George Michael's bassist on the latter's first two subsequent solo projects.
Biography.
Estus was born in Detroit and graduated from Northwestern High School in 1974. He sang second tenor in the choir at Northwestern under the direction of Brazel Dennard. His bass (guitar) teacher was the late James Jamerson of Motown's The Funk Brothers.
Estus joined the R&B band Brainstorm as a teenager, recording two albums with them and scoring a hit with "Popcorn." During the early 1980s, he appeared as a session bassist on several mainstream albums, including Marvin Gaye's 1982 comeback album, "Midnight Love". After his bass talents were recognized, he was invited to join the UK pop group, Wham!. He went on to tour China with Wham! and later backed Wham! frontman George Michael on his "Faith" tour. He also participated in the late-1980s collective, Boogie Box High, which was spearheaded by George Michael's cousin, Andros Georgiou, and featured Michael along with other high-profile musicians; Estus appears on the group's only album, "Outrageous", released in 1989. Estus later performed with Michael at Rock in Rio and has continued to play bass as part of Michael's backing band. 
In 1989, Estus released a solo album entitled "Spell", produced by Colin Campsie & George McFarlane, with several tracks produced by George Michael. Released before the album, the single "Me or the Rumours" reached #15 on Billboard's Hot Dance Music/Club Play charts in 1988. In 1989, the album's title track hit #11 on the Adult Contemporary charts. However, the album's biggest hit was the #5 Billboard Hot 100 single "Heaven Help Me," for which Michael supplied backing vocals. It also peaked at #3 on both the Adult Contemporary and Hot R&B charts. The album itself ultimately reached #89 on the Billboard 200 and #44 on the Top R&B Albums charts.
He has also played with Marvin Gaye, Tina Turner, Frank Zappa, George Clinton, Annie Lennox, Edgar Winter, Aaron Neville, and Elton John. He most recently produced and co-wrote songs for aspiring singer Julie Anne, who boasts a five-octave range.

</doc>
<doc id="5882940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882940" title="Saturn INT-20">
Saturn INT-20

The Saturn INT-20 was a proposed intermediate payload follow-on from the Apollo Saturn V launch vehicle. An interstage would be fitted on top of the S-IC stage to support the S-IVB stage, so it could be considered either a retrofitted Saturn IB with a more powerful first stage, or a stubby, cut-down Saturn V without the S-II second stage.
Three variants were studied, one with three F-1 engines in the first stage, one with four, and one with five.
Performance.
Without the S-II stage, which made up a large fraction of the mass of the Saturn V, a version of the INT-20 using an unmodified five-engine version of the S-IC booster would be greatly overpowered and accelerate substantially faster than the Saturn V. This would create excessive aerodynamic stress in the low atmosphere. Several solutions to this problem were considered.
Using the original five-engine S-IC would require three engines to be shut down 88 seconds after launch, with the remainder of the first-stage flight flown on only two engines. This meant that a considerable amount of the firing time would be carrying three engines of "dead weight". As a consequence the extra payload over a four-engine variant would only have been about one thousand pounds, and the extra cost and complexity of the fifth engine was unjustified.
A four-engine variant would launch with four engines firing and shut down two engines 146 seconds after launch. The remaining two engines would burn until first-stage shutdown 212 seconds after launch. This variant could put approximately 132,000 pounds into a 100 nautical mile (185 km or 115 statute mile) orbit, versus around 250,000 pounds for the three-stage Saturn V.
The three-engine variant would burn all three engines up to first-stage shutdown at 146 seconds after launch. This variant could put approximately 78,000 pounds of payload into a 100 nautical mile (185 km) orbit, around twice the useful payload of the Saturn IB.
Both three- and four-engine variants would therefore have provided useful payload capacities (Saturn C-3) intermediate between the Saturn IB and Saturn V, and re-using Saturn V components would reduce costs and simplify ground operations compared to building an entirely new launcher in that payload range.

</doc>
<doc id="5882942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882942" title="Brockhall Village">
Brockhall Village

Brockhall Village is a gated community in the Ribble Valley, Lancashire, England and home to the training facilities for Blackburn Rovers F.C. The village is in the civil parish of Billington and Langho and is north of Blackburn.
Brockhall Hospital.
Brockhall Hospital was claimed to be one of Europe's largest mental institutions. It was built in 1904 as an Inebriate Women's Reformatory, later becoming a hospital for people with learning disabilities.
The hospital was closed by the NHS in 1992 as part of the government's Care in the Community policy, and the property developer Gerald Hitman, who had earlier bought the lease on the hospital, started to develop the site, replacing the hospital with a gated community, which now contains more than 400 homes, as well as the Blackburn Rovers' training ground and a hotel, Restaurant, and a few other local businesses including a Gym, Spa, Hairdressers, conference rooms, and more.
Property tycoon Gerald Hitman (who died on 4 June 2009) was the man behind the Brockhall Village development, where he also built his own magnificent home, The Old Zoo.
Originally from London, the successful businessman made his fortune in the North East, buying and selling property leases and freeholds. In 1982 he bought a package of deeds to properties in Lancashire, among them a 999-year lease for Brockhall Hospital, at Old Langho. A decade later when the hospital closed he was able to develop the land to form the multi-million pound Brockhall village, a gated community which is made up of 400 homes as well as Blackburn Rovers’ training ground.
He also built his unique home in the village, The Old Zoo, which he had recently sold. It had been on the market for £2million. The property was described by one expert as the “best contemporary house built in Britain since the 1930s” and featured of grounds including more than 100 sculptures. It also included a hot tub, swimming pool, a large pond, an outdoor “chapel”, a tennis court; a beech maze and a croquet lawn. In 2004 he opened the gates to his gardens for tours, priced at £5.

</doc>
<doc id="5882952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882952" title="Mark Elliott (Love Is a Many Splendored Thing)">
Mark Elliott (Love Is a Many Splendored Thing)

Mark Elliott is a fictional character in the American soap opera, "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". Numerous actors played him during the run of the show, Sam Wade,David Birney,Michael Hawkins,Vince Cannon, Tom Fuccello.
Torn Between Two sisters.
Mark was the son of Philip and Helen Elliott. He was a very successful architect in San Francisco, California. He was named for his late uncle, former war correspondent and war veteran, Mark Elliott. He was also close to his Amerasian cousin, Mia. 
However, he was the target of a battle between two sisters. He was engaged to Iris Donnelly, but his overachieving mother did not necessarily like Iris. She would prefer that he date Iris' sister, former nun, Laura Donnelly instead. Mark broke off his engagement to Iris, and married Laura, to his mother's delight. 
Later on, Mark's mother, Helen, after the death of his father, Phil, married Laura's brother, Tom Donnelly, a police officer in San Francisco.
Despite his marriage to Laura, Iris wasn't far from his mind. Even when she met and married politician, Spencer Garrison, he still loved her. However, he made a major blunder, when he mistook Iris for his wife, Laura, and impregnated her. This strained the relationship between the two sisters. However, Iris, out of love and loyalty for her sister, insisted that he make the marriage work for her sake. 
Mark and Laura remained married. After the birth of Iris's daughter Maggie, and a failed attempt by Laura to gain custody, the Elliotts adopted another child.

</doc>
<doc id="5882959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882959" title="The Snapper (film)">
The Snapper (film)

The Snapper is a 1993 Irish television film which was directed by Stephen Frears and starred Tina Kellegher, Colm Meaney and Brendan Gleeson. The film is based on the novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle, about the Rabbitte family and their domestic adventures.
Plot.
Young Sharon Curley becomes pregnant, but refuses to tell anyone who the father is. She decides to keep the baby ("snapper") and her family, each in their own way, eventually decides to support her. Her father particularly studies up on childbirth and female anatomy (with gratifying results for his wife as a bonus).
Soon after a wild night at the pub, twenty-year-old Sharon Curley (Tina Kellegher) finds herself expecting a little "snapper" by a man she loathes. Her refusal to name the father sets in motion a family drama involving her three brothers, two sisters, and her parents, along with her employers and all her friends. Kellegher, playing the role as a coarse, earthy, yet remarkably sensible young woman (with the exception of her excessive drinking during her pregnancy) soon discovers who her friends really are, as some people tease and torment her, some make remarks to her siblings, some force her father to take direct action in her defense, and all spread gossip.
Des Curley (Colm Meaney), Sharon's father, shows the whole world in his face, his emotions ranging from outrage toward Sharon for embarrassing the family to tender concern as her time draws near. As the eight-member family trips all over each other emotionally (ironically symbolized in their battles for the one bathroom, often occupied by Sharon), the tensions within the family grow more intense. Widespread speculation about who the father is disrupts the neighborhood, with some hotheads visiting their own brand of justice on the Curleys. The arrival of the baby offers a chance at resolution.
It turns out that Sharon's friend's father, Georgie Burgess (Pat Laffan), got her pregnant by taking advantage of her while she was drunk. Sharon's story is that it was a Spanish sailor, but the whole town suspects the truth.
Production.
The surname of the Rabbitte family in the book had to be changed to Curley as 20th Century Fox owns the rights to the Rabbitte name from "The Commitments" (1991), which featured the same characters. The film was shot in many familiar locations around Dublin including Raheny, Kilbarrack, Ballybough, Dun Laoghaire & The Old Shieling Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="5882960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882960" title="Max Rubner">
Max Rubner

 Max Rubner [ru:bn"er"] (2 June 1854, Munich27 April 1932, Berlin) was a German physiologist and hygienist. 
He studied at the University of Munich under Adolf von Baeyer (1835-1917) and Carl von Voit (1831-1908). Afterwards he taught as a professor at the University of Marburg and the Robert Koch Institute of Hygiene at the University of Berlin. Rubner was co-founder of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Arbeitsphysiologie", and became its director in 1913.
Rubner is remembered for his research in metabolism, energy physiology, hygiene and dietary thermogenesis. With Otto Heubner (1843-1926), he performed important studies involving energy metabolism in infancy. His best-known research centres on what he termed the "isodynamic law" of calories (demonstrated in 1873, and published a decade later), according to which the form of human calorie intake is irrelevant to its effect on energy balance, often paraphrased as "a calorie is a calorie". In 1902, Rubner expressed his belief that this was over-simplistic, stating "the effect of specific nutritional substances upon the glands" may modify the effect of specific foods on energy balance, a view that is now increasingly accepted.
In 1883 Rubner introduced the "surface hypothesis", which stated that the metabolic rate of birds and mammals maintaining a steady body temperature is roughly proportional to their body surface area. 
Max Rubner is also known for his "rate-of-living theory", which proposed that a slow metabolism increases an animal's longevity. Rubner's observation was that larger animals outlived smaller animals, and the metabolic rates of larger animals were slower pro rata. The theory might have been inspired by the Industrial Revolution, the logic that the more a machine is worked, the sooner it will wear out.

</doc>
<doc id="5882961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882961" title="Saudi Railways Organization">
Saudi Railways Organization

The Saudi Railways Organization (SRO) is a state-owned company that operates Saudi Arabia's rail network.
SRO provides freight services on two main lines totalling 1018 km. These connect Riyadh with the port of Dammam on the coast of the Persian Gulf. SRO passenger trains operate between Riyadh and Dammam.
There are plans to extend the network to the Red Sea port of Jeddah and, eventually to the borders of Jordan, Yemen, and perhaps all the way to Egypt.
History.
The first railway in modern Saudi Arabia was the Hejaz railway, from the border of Jordan to Medina. This narrow gauge railway opened in 1908, but was shut down in 1915.
Modern railways were introduced in Saudi Arabia after World War II, to facilitate the transport of goods to ARAMCO (Now Saudi Aramco) from ports located on the coast of the Persian Gulf to warehouses in Dhahran. Construction started in October 1947 and the first line was inaugurated on October 20, 1951. It was initially run by Aramco, but subsequently transferred to the state and since 1968 has been operated as a public corporation. Several development projects have been completed since then, including an extension of the line to Riyadh, construction of several passenger terminals and the opening of a dry port in Riyadh.
Network.
The Saudi rail network consist of the following main lines:
Note: Despite the tracks of both lines running parallel on the same alignment between Dammam and Hofuf, they are operated as separate lines.
The link to Jordan is defunct.
Saudi Railways Expansion Programme.
SRO is planning to expand the network. Projects include:
Rolling stock.
Spanish manufacturer CAF has in delivered 2012 delivered eight fast diesel locomotives, with five cars and one driver car for each locomotive. They are used on the Dammam–Riyadh Line. During 2013 the travel time is 4:15 but there is a target of 3:00 for the future.

</doc>
<doc id="5882964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882964" title="Songs of the Free">
Songs of the Free

Songs of the Free is the third studio album by Gang of Four, released in 1982. In 1996, Infinite Zero Archive/American Recordings label issued it on CD, with two bonus tracks, and with a slightly changed song order (swapping the positions of "Muscle for Brains" and "We Live as We Dream, Alone"), and mistitling "I Love a Man in a Uniform" as "I Love a Man in Uniform." EMI reissued the album on CD in 2008 with the original song order and no bonus tracks.
Pitchfork Media listed "Songs of the Free" as 99th best album of the 1980s.
Track listing.
All songs written by Andy Gill and Jon King.
Side two.
22
Charts.
Album
Single

</doc>
<doc id="5882970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882970" title="Lake Firlej">
Lake Firlej

Lake Firlej is a lake in east Poland in Lubartów County near the village of Firlej. Lake is surrounded by forest.

</doc>
<doc id="5882980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882980" title="St. Joseph's College, Coalisland">
St. Joseph's College, Coalisland

St Joseph's College (Irish: "Coláiste Naomh Seosamh") is a Catholic secondary school located in Coalisland, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area. It provides the standard five years of secondary education consisting of Key Stage 3 from Year 8 until Year 10, and two-year GCSE courses from Year 11 until Year 12 in Key Stage 4. It also provides a Post 16 "Qualification Enhancement Programme".

</doc>
<doc id="5882997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5882997" title="Georgie Jones">
Georgie Jones

Georgianna "Georgie" Jones (previously Quartermaine) is a fictional character (born onscreen March 7, 1995) on the popular ABC soap opera "General Hospital". She is the daughter of supercouple Frisco and Felicia Jones. Previously played by various child actresses, Georgie's main portrayer was Lindze Letherman, who appeared from September 3, 2002 until December 2007. Letherman temporarily returned on March 26 and 29 of 2010. Letherman reprised the role once again in an apparition to Maxie Jones on July 11–12, 2013, August 22, 2013 and December 5, 2013.
Casting.
The role of Georgie was played on a recurring status through the character's child years, including Alana and Marina Norwood in 1995, Ryan and Caitlin Cohen in 1995, Caroline and Elizabeth van Heil in 1996, and Breck Bruns from 1997 until 2002. Lindze Letherman took over the role on a contract basis in 2002. She left the show in 2007 due to lack of major storylines for her character. Letherman made a brief guest appearances in 2010 and 2013.
Storylines.
1995-2004.
Georgie is born Georgianna Jones on March 7, 1995, under a table at a club owned by Luke Spencer. She was conceived when professional spy Frisco came back to town to visit his first daughter Maxie who needed a heart transplant. Frisco and his ex-wife Felicia slept together in relief Maxie is going to live. She is named Georgie because Maxie likes the name George. Initially, Felicia wasn't sure whether Frisco or her fiancée Mac Scorpio was Georgie's father, but a DNA test proved Frisco to be the father. Frisco leaves town and does not have an active role in raising his daughters.
Georgie is kidnapped as a baby by evil serial killer Dr. Ryan Chamberlain, who was dating and stalking Felicia. Ryan renames Georgie "Celeste." Eventually Ryan is thwarted and Georgie is returned. Felicia and Mac marry a few years after Georgie's birth. Mac becomes the primary father figure in Maxie and Georgie's lives, even after his marriage to Felicia ends. Both Georgie and Maxie refer to Mac as their father.
Georgie's birth year is later changed to 1989 when Letherman took over the role in 2002 as a SORAS'd teenager.
2005–07.
Georgie is viewed as the smart, sensible sister, in comparison with her feistier older sister Maxie Jones. Wanting to break out of that stereotype and convince Lucas Jones to like her, she recruits Dillon Quartermaine as a stand-in boyfriend. The two end up falling in love. Soon after they began dating, Dillon gets involved with the mob, and Georgie is not pleased. When mob boss Lorenzo Alcazar's niece Sage comes to town, Georgie becomes jealous when Sage is infatuated with Dillon. The couple briefly split up in 2004 when a complicated plot leads Dillon to betray Georgie and sleep with Sage. To make Dillon jealous, Georgie hires a boy to pretend to be her boyfriend. The two couples check into the Port Charles Hotel the night the hotel burns to the ground, however both couples survive the ordeal. Romantic interest is restored in Dillon and Georgie after the experience.
In August 2004, Georgie and Dillon are trapped in the Quartermaine mansion with the rest of the Port Charles teen scene while a killer runs around the mansion. They narrowly survive, but Georgie carries a lot of guilt when Sage is found and killed after being locked in the freezer as a prank. In March 2005, Georgie and Dillon sleep together for the first time. In February 2006, Dillon is infected by a deadly virus epidemic. Georgie and Dillon decide to get married in the hospital chapel before Dillon dies. However, Dillon instead starts to improve. The couple realizes they may be too young for marriage.
In June 2006, Lulu Spencer sets her eyes on Dillon. She schemes with Diego Alcazar to break up the couple, who wanted Georgie to himself. Lulu lies to Dillon and said she saw Georgie and Diego having sex. Georgie denies the incident but Dillon chooses not to believe her. Lulu and Dillon sleep together, pushing Georgie and Dillon even farther apart. Dillon and Georgie divorce, but later start dating again. Not long after, Georgie and Dillon both realize the spark is gone, and end things between them. Dillon leaves town when his brother Ned Ashton, gets him a job in California working for a movie director.
Georgie isn't seen much for the next few months. She then forms a crush on Damien Spinelli, and is heartbroken when Spinelli goes to the Black and White Ball with Nadine Crowell. Georgie asks Spinelli to join her and her family at the Scorpio House for Thanksgiving dinner. At Emily Quartermaine's funeral, Georgie tells Dillon she has met someone new, but still doesn't reveal her feelings to Spinelli.
Maxie's is nearly strangled to death and starts receiving text messages from the Text Message Killer. Georgie is worried and fears for her sister's safety. She became suspicious of Maxie's boyfriend, Cooper Barrett, and teams up with Spinelli to prove Cooper is the killer.
On December 17, 2007, Spinelli finally realizes Georgie's feelings for him after talking to his friend Jason Morgan. As he considers what to do, he is walking through the park when he finds Georgie's lifeless body, strangled by the Text Message Killer. Spinelli calls the police and tries to revive her but is unable to. Mac, Maxie, and Robin are devastated to find out Georgie has been murdered. Spinelli talks to Jason about his guilt over his inability to protect her, and not realizing Georgie’s feelings for him until it was too late.
Felicia Jones returns to attend Georgie's funeral on December 20. Dillon comes back to town and is devastated to find out Georgie is dead. Georgie's funeral is attended by numerous citizens of Port Charles. Maxie delivers Georgie's eulogy where she thanks the guests for the ways they cared about and loved Georgie, and then goes on to berate Felicia for abandoning them. Maxie later sees her crying at Georgie's grave. Robin goes to see Patrick Drake for comfort, and gets pregnant after they sleep together. Robin sees the baby as a blessing from Georgie. Maxie is inconsolable over Georgie's death and lashes out at many people.
Spinelli and Maxie team up to find the Text Message Killer and prove Cooper's innocence. They suspect Logan Hayes and Johnny Zacchara, but find out it is Diego Alcazar. It's learned that Georgie died because she received a text message meant for Maxie, and went to the park in an effort to protect Maxie. She was killed for being at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Ghostly returns.
Georgie appears to Maxie on March 26 and 29, 2010, as she battles pneumonia in the hospital.
On July 11-12, Georgie appears to Maxie again after Maxie avoids telling Lulu the truth that the baby she is carrying is actually hers.
On August 22, Georgie appears to Maxie to show her what she would miss if she died on the table after having an emergency C-section after having a complication with the birth of the baby that was hers. Georgie sees Felicia and Mac siting in the waiting room, and in a touching moment, smiles at them, kissing each of them on their cheeks . Although Mac and Felicia can not see their daughter, Felicia asks Mac "did you feel that?"
On December 5, 2013, Georgie is seen in the cemetery trying to convince Maxie not to kill herself. When Maxie can't hear her, she touches Robin's shoulder to get her to go find Maxie.

</doc>
<doc id="5883006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883006" title="Bobby Smith (footballer, born 1944)">
Bobby Smith (footballer, born 1944)

Robert William "Bobby" Smith (born 14 March 1944) is an English former footballer and football manager. He was capped by England at Schools and Youth level. He is the son of Conway Smith and grandson of Billy Smith, from whom he gets his middle name.
A reserve player for Manchester United, he moved on to Scunthorpe United in 1965, where he established himself in the first team. Moving on to Grimsby Town in 1967, he transferred to Brighton & Hove Albion the following year. In 1971 he signed with Hartlepool United via Chester City, before he finished his playing career with Bury in 1973.
Appointing as Bury's manager in 1973, he led the club to promotion out of the Football League Fourth Division in 1973–74, before he was sacked in November 1977. Quickly installed as Port Vale manager, he moved on to Swindon Town the following year, having failed to prevent the club from suffering relegation. Despite some promising league campaigns and cup runs he was sacked in October 1980. Spending time as a coach at Blackpool, he returned to management in 1985 with Newport County, as the club were in financial meltdown; he departed the following year. Remaining in the game as a coach at Cardiff City, Hereford United, and Swansea City, he was appointed manager at Swansea in 1995. However he resigned after less than three months in charge, and took up a role in the back-room staff at Sheffield Wednesday.
Playing career.
Smith began his career with Manchester United, joining in April 1961. He made over 200 appearances for the United reserve team, but Matt Busby did not give him his First Division debut. Smith left Old Trafford in March 1965 to join Scunthorpe United. Under Fred Goodwin, the "Iron" finished the 1964–65 campaign in 18th place in the Third Division. They rose to fourth in 1965–66, still 12 points short of a promotion place, before they dropped to 18th in 1966–67. He moved to Grimsby Town, for a fee of £8,000, but failed to prevent Don McEvoy's "Mariners" from slipping into the Fourth Division in 1967–68. Smith remained in the Third Division, signing with Freddie Goodwin's Brighton & Hove Albion in June 1968. The "Seagulls" finished 12th in 1968–69, before rising to fifth in 1969–70, only five points shy of the promotion places. Brighton dropped down to 14th in 1970–71 under Pat Saward, and in June 1971 Smith signed with Ken Roberts's Chester City, but moved to Hartlepool United in October of that year. Both teams struggled at the foot of the Football League, with Len Ashurst's "Pools" finishing just above the re-election places in 1971–72 and 1972–73. In August 1973 he moved to Bury as player-coach, but failed to appear in their league side.
Managerial and coaching career.
Bury.
Smith began his managerial career with Bury in November 1973, taking over from Allan Brown. At the age of 29 he was the youngest manager in the Football League. He had initial success, guiding Bury to promotion from the Fourth Division in the fourth automatic place at the end of the 1973–74 season. He stabilised the Gigg Lane outfit in the Third Division in 1974–75 with a 14th place finish. They went on to finish 13th in 1975–76, before finishing five points off the promotion places in 1976–77. He was sacked by Bury on 16 November 1977 after a poor start to the season. The "Shakers" finished the 1977–78 campaign in 15th place under the stewardship of Bob Stokoe.
Port Vale.
A day after leaving Bury he was appointed as manager of Port Vale. He replaced club legend Roy Sproson, and was given a large war chest to spend after a successful lottery scheme was set up at Vale Park. He took over with the club in 21st place in the Third Division, and the "Valiants" ended the 1977–78 season in 21st place, and were therefore relegated. His first game in charge was a 0–0 draw with Midland Counties League side Arnold in the First Round of the FA Cup.
In January, veteran defender Graham Hawkins was signed as a player-coach from Blackburn Rovers for £6,000. Forward Neville Chamberlain also joined the club as a professional, becoming the club's first black pro. John Froggatt also joined the club, signing from Colchester United for £10,000. Chairman Arthur McPherson celebrated this abandonment of frugality by declaring "we are going places". Local journalist Chris Harper slated the board for their decisions, calling them 'berserk'. Froggatt scored fifteen seconds into his debut in a 4–0 win over Exeter City. However this would be as good as it got for both Froggatt and Vale that season. In February, Vale beat Fort Lauderdale Strikers in a friendly, but also started a five games sequence without a win. Ged Stenson arrived the next month from Everton for a 'bargain' £3,000, and John Lumsdon joined on loan from Stoke City. Vale improved, and were unbeaten in six of their seven March games, with Chamberlain scoring on his debut. Yet on 28 March they started a club-record streak of twelve home games without a win that would continue into the following season. Encouragement came from the youth side, who reached the Quarter Finals of the FA Youth Cup. With four games to go, Vale were one point clear of the drop, however by losing all of their remaining games they doomed themselves to the Fourth Division.
Smith was appointed as manager of Swindon Town in May 1978, with the club having to pay a compensation fee of £10,500 to Port Vale. His assistant, Dennis Butler, stayed on at the club and was appointed as his successor.
Swindon Town.
Despite still being a relatively young manager, Smith guided Swindon to a Third Division promotion challenge in his first season in charge - missing out by three points after losing the last two games of the season. His two signings, Alan Mayes and Andy Rowland, formed a deadly strike partnership, and were both selected on the PFA Team of the Year.
The following season Swindon beat Stoke City, Wimbledon and Arsenal to reach the League Cup semi-final. They lost out to Wolverhampton Wanderers when Wolves scored the winner five minutes from the end of the second leg. However Town squandered a promising league position to finish the campaign in tenth place. During the campaign his team recorded an 8–0 win over former club Bury.
Having spent large amounts of money, particularly on £150,000 left-back David Peach and £110,000 midfielder Glenn Cockerill, expectations were high at Swindon for the 1980–81 season. However, Smith was sacked in October 1980 after Swindon lost their first five games and were stuck in the relegation zone. They finished the campaign in 17th place under the stewardship of John Trollope.
Newport County.
In 1981 he joined the coaching staff at Blackpool and in July 1982 moved to be a coach at Newport County. He was appointed manager of Newport in June 1985, and kept the club rooted to 18th in the Third Division in 1985–86, before a run of seven straight defeats saw the club hovering above the relegation places and ultimately cost him his job. His replacement John Relish managed to steer the club to safety.
Coaching.
He coached Cardiff City between 1989 and July 1990 after being brought to the club by manager Frank Burrows. Later that year he became assistant manager to Colin Addison at Hereford United. He joined the coaching staff at Swansea City in March 1991, and the following year manager Frank Burrows appointed him as his assistant. In October 1995 he became manager of Swansea after the departure of Burrows, but resigned just 80 days later in December of the same year. A playing revolt at Vetch Field led to the resignation of his replacement, Kevin Cullis, before the "Swans" finished 1995–96 in the Second Division relegation zone under the stewardship of Jan Mølby. In 1996 Smith was appointed to the coaching staff at Sheffield Wednesday by David Pleat, where he performed a variety of roles before leaving in the summer of 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5883013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883013" title="Cakalele">
Cakalele

Cakalele refers to a kind of ceremonial war dance originating from North and Central Maluku. The dance is performed using a narrow, wooden shield, sometimes also referred as a salawaku, or by a local name, such as Tobelo "o dadatoko". 
The Salawaku may be part and parcel of the bridegroom's marriage gifts and are worn during the Cakalele (war dance) or the "Hoyla" (war dance during the marriage ceremony among the Tobelo). During the Cakalele, the Salawaku is carried in the left hand.

</doc>
<doc id="5883015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883015" title="The Lost City (1935 serial)">
The Lost City (1935 serial)

The Lost City is an independently made fantasy film serial produced in 1935 directed by Harry Revier.
Plot.
Scientist Bruce Gordon comes to a secluded area in Africa after realizing that a series of electrically induced natural disasters had been detected in the area. There he finds Zolok, last of the Lemurians, in a secret complex under a mountain.
Zolok had created the natural disasters as a prelude to his attempt to take over the world, holding a brilliant scientist, Dr. Manyus, there hostage with his daughter. He had also forced Manyus to create mindless "giant" slaves out of the natives as a private army and as the serial progresses we learn Manyus also turned another tribe, the spider-worshipping Wangas, into white burly haired midgets. The heroes escape Zolock, encounter the slave trading Queen Rama, and survive many harrowing adventures before returning to the Lost City and stopping Zolok's plan.
Chapter titles.
Source:
Production.
The film took the premise of that year's "The Phantom Empire" but transferred the lost civilization motif from the west to another popular serial locale, the African jungle.
Feature-Length Versions.
Sherman S. Krellberg had the serial edited into four different feature versions over time, perhaps setting a record for feature versions of a serial. The first feature consisted of the first three episodes of the serial and the first reel of the fourth episode edited together, and supplemented with footage not part of the serial itself which drew the adventure to a loose conclusion; and the second was compiled from material in the first and last four chapters of the serial, omitting the adventures with the slave traders, the spider people and Queen Rama, but ending as did the serial. Both these features were made and released in 1935 and both were also called The Lost City. The first of these was also designed so that it could be followed over successive weeks by the remaining chapters in the serial.
In the early '40s Krellberg created a new feature version that incorporated material from the adventures with the slavers, spider people and jungle queen, and released this under the title "City of Lost Men". Finally, in the 1970s, he took the first feature version and clumsily edited in, at the end, most of the footage from the last chapter, creating what goes beyond a continuity gap and is rather a continuity "abyss", and attached the City of Lost Men title to this feature.
It's not clear whether the last feature had an actual theatrical release or went directly to television. The first City of Lost Men appears to be lost, and videos and DVDs being sold under that title are sourced from film prints of this final feature. Since it incorporates the entire first feature version entitled Lost City, that film cannot fairly be said to be lost, although no separate video issue of that version under its own titles, is known. Video/DVD offerings of The Lost City as a feature are from prints of the second feature version described.

</doc>
<doc id="5883016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883016" title="Morgagni">
Morgagni

Morgagni can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883018" title="Green Left (UK)">
Green Left (UK)

Green Left is an anti-capitalist and eco-socialist grouping within the Green Party of England and Wales. It seeks to constitute a network for socialists and other like minded invividuals in the Green Party, whilst acting as an outreach body that will communicate the party's left wing policies to other socialists and anti-capitalists outside the party. It includes some prominent members of the Green Party of England and Wales and held its first meeting on 4 June 2006. Like members of the Alliance for Green Socialism (who choose to organize separately from the Green Party of England and Wales), Green Left members were early supporters of the Ecosocialist International Network (EIN).
Formation.
Green Left was launched on 4 June 2006 by members of the Green Party of England and Wales. Those who supported the group included various members of the Green Party of England and Wales Executive, including Richard Mallender (Chair), Peter Cranie (elections co-ordinator) and Siân Berry (at that time one of the two principal speakers, and campaigns co-ordinator), as well as Penny Kemp (former party chair), Joseph Healy (Secretary, London Green Party), Derek Wall (writer, and at that time the other principal speaker) and Peter Tatchell (human rights activist). Cllr Sarah Farrow and Cllr Matt Sellwood were elected as the co-conveners of the new group.
Aims and Beliefs.
Green Left formulated its beliefs, agreed on at the meeting, in the Headcorn Statement (below), a declaration stating that Green Left hopes "to raise Green Party politics to meet the demands of its radical policies". The statement criticised the "New Labour government's abandonment of the policies of the left" and claimed "that the Green Party's progressive agenda makes it the natural home for the left".
The Headcorn Declaration.
In June 2006, 36 members of the Green Party agreed to the core beliefs and policies of the Headcorn declaration which became a launch statement of the Green left. The launch statement included the following points:

</doc>
<doc id="5883024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883024" title="Cartoon Network (disambiguation)">
Cartoon Network (disambiguation)

Cartoon Network is a name of television channels worldwide created by Turner Broadcasting which used to primarily show animated programming. The channel began broadcasting on October 1, 1992, in the United States.
In addition to the original American network, there are numerous international feeds:

</doc>
<doc id="5883029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883029" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Kent">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Kent

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Kent, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. , there are 98 sites designated in this Area of Search, of which 67 have been designated due to their biological interest, 21 due to their geological interest and 10 for both.
<noinclude>Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here, rather than adopting the current local government or ceremonial county boundaries. The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5883030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883030" title="Iris Donnelly Garrison">
Iris Donnelly Garrison

Iris Donnelly Garrison was a fictional character in the American soap opera, "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". She was played, most notably, by actresses Leslie Charleson and Bibi Besch. As the first Iris, Leslie Charleson was a member of the original cast of "Love Is a Many Splendored Thing".
Older and Loyal.
Iris is the daughter of widowed pathologist, Dr. Will Donnelly (Judson Laire), and is the sister of former nun, Laura Donnelly. She is known mostly for her loyalty and unqualified support for her family. She was engaged to Mark Elliott and had known him most of his life. However, his snobbish and overly opportunisitic mother, Helen, had no liking for Iris, and pushed him to pursue a relationship with her sister, Laura. Iris stepped back and allowed Laura to marry Mark. Ironically, after Phil Elliott's death, Helen would later marry Iris' older brother, Tom Donnelly (Albert Stratton), a member of the San Francisco police department, after his divorce from his first wife, Martha, alias Julie Richards (Beverlee McKinsey).
Some time later, Iris found love on her own, with a man named Spencer Garrison (Edward Power). His shrewish ex-wife Nancy (Susan Browning), refused to give up her claim on him, as he was a politician, and despite her conniving ways, lost him. During a tryst with Spencer, Iris lost her sight when the plane they were on crashed. Eventually, they had a son named William Alex Garrison, who had been once kidnapped by Laura.
Which really caused a lot of trouble, since Mark, who had mistook Iris for Laura, had sex with her. The whole situation was ironed out, even though Laura was very angry with her sister for some time. Eventually, Laura realized that Iris wasn't totally to blame, since Iris had been blinded and couldn't see anything, and Mark had mistaken Iris for Laura. Besides, Iris had kept on Mark to make his marriage to her sister work, which helped make Laura feel more secure. Iris and Spencer married after the whole mess was straightened out, and she had regained her sight.
During the mistaken tryst with Mark, Iris discovered she was pregnant. She eventually gave birth to a daughter, Maggie. Laura attempted to steal custody of the girl from her sister, trying to declare her as unfit, but ultimately rescinded the suit, since Iris had been so loyal to her. Laura and Mark remained married, mainly thanks to Iris sticking up for her sister's marriage, and the Elliotts adopted a child, while Maggie remained with Iris and her husband, Spence.
Naturally, Iris, Laura and their brother, Tom, were pleased to no end when their long-widowed father found romance with and then married Lily Chernak (Diana Douglas), who had a daughter that worked with Will, Dr. Betsy Chernak Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="5883034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883034" title="Roeboides">
Roeboides

Roeboides is a genus of characins from Central and South America. These fish, among other characteristics, are small, are typically translucent, and have a rhomboid shape.
Species.
The 21 currently recognized species in this genus are: 

</doc>
<doc id="5883040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883040" title="Beech Springs, Tennessee">
Beech Springs, Tennessee

Beech Springs is an unincorporated community in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States. Accessible by Tennessee Secondary Primary Route 139, it lies just south of Kodak.
Geography.
The community is located at a mean elevation of 988 feet (301 metres) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="5883054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883054" title="Jack Lohrke">
Jack Lohrke

Jack Wayne Lohrke (February 25, 1924 – April 29, 2009) was a third baseman in Major League Baseball. During his playing career, he stood 6' (183 cm) tall, weighed 180 pounds (81.7 kg) and threw and batted right-handed. 
"Lucky Lohrke".
Lohrke earned the nickname "Lucky" not only because it sounded similar to his last name, but because he repeatedly escaped death by sheer good luck during his life. 
As a US soldier in World War II, he survived a troop train crash that killed three and injured dozens more, as well as the Normandy landings, the Battle of the Bulge and extensive combat throughout Europe, including having the soldier next to him killed on four occasions.
Lohrke's good fortune continued when he returned from the war to the United States. Having to concede his plane seat to higher-ranked military personnel, he was bumped at the last moment from the passenger list of a military transport plane scheduled to fly from Camp Kilmer, New Jersey to his home in Los Angeles - the plane crashed, killing everyone on board.
After the war and following his transition back to civilian life, Lohrke resumed his baseball career. The summer of 1946 found him playing for the Class B Spokane Indians of the Western International League. On June 24, 1946, Lohrke was a passenger on the team bus carrying the team as it traveled toward Bremerton, Washington, to begin a road trip. At the time, Lohrke was the team's third baseman and was batting .345 in 229 at bats. His performance had earned him a promotion to the AAA Pacific Coast League's San Diego Padres but the team was unable to contact him as he was in transit between cities. The Indians’ business manager contacted the police along the route and asked that they relay the message to Lohrke, which they did when the team stopped for dinner. Lohrke, under orders to report immediately to the Padres, removed his gear from the bus, said goodbye to his teammates, and hitched rides back to Spokane. Later that evening, the team bus broke through a guard rail on a mountain pass, plunged down a hill, and crashed. Of the 15 players on it, nine were killed, including player/manager Mel Cole. The six survivors were badly injured.
Major league career.
Lohrke reached the major leagues the following year. He appeared in 354 games over seven seasons (1947–53) for the New York Giants and Philadelphia Phillies, primarily as a third baseman. He hit .242 in 914 at bats with 22 home runs.
Retirement and legacy.
"From the time he joined the Padres after the accident, Lohrke was called, for obvious reasons, "Lucky"-Lucky Lohrke, the ballplayer who got off the bus in the nick of time, the soldier bumped from the plane that crashed. The name stuck. Who else, after all, had more right to be called Lucky? He's in the Baseball Encyclopedia that way: Lucky Lohrke. An amiable man, he lived with the nickname, but he never liked it, never wanted to be reminded of how close he had come to riding that bus into oblivion. But what could he do about it?"
In a 1994 interview with Sports Illustrated, Lohrke looked back on the tragic bus accident and said, "When you're the age I was back then, you haven't got a worry in the world. You're playing ball because you want to play-and they're giving you money to do it. And then...well, sometimes those names spring back at me. I'll tell you this: Nobody outside of baseball calls me Lucky Lohrke these days. I may have been lucky, but the name is Jack. Jack Lohrke." 
After Lohrke left baseball, he worked for the Lockheed corporation in California and eventually retired as the firm's head of security. Lohrke died at a hospital in San Jose, California in 2009, two days after suffering a stroke.
'Lucky Lohrke' is mentioned in Paul Auster's 2010 novel "Sunset Park".

</doc>
<doc id="5883055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883055" title="Lubartów Ghetto">
Lubartów Ghetto

Lubartów Ghetto was established by Nazi Germany and existed from 1941 until October 1942. The Polish Jews of the town of Lubartów were confined within it, amounting to 3,269 people or 53.6% of the town's population according to the 1921 census. Its inmates also included Jews deported from other locations in Europe. It was one of many such ghettos established in occupied Poland. The ghetto was dissolved when its inmates were deported to, among other places, the Belzec extermination camp, where they were murdered in 1942.
Background.
Lubartów's Jewish community was established in the sixteenth Century. Most of the Jews resided near the centre of the town, where they owned most of the businesses. There were also three synagogues and two Jewish cemeteries (one of which had not been used since the 19th Century). 
The German army entered the town early on in the war, in 19 September 1939. On the morning of 12 October 1939, the German army ordered all of the Jews to go to the market square where they were surrounded by machine guns. This allowed for the German army to rob and destroy all Jewish-owned homes and businesses. This lasted all day.
Deportation and execution.
The deportation of Jews to the nearby towns of Firlej, Ostrów Lubelski, and Kamionka, started at the beginning of November 1939. All of the Jews were told to leave. There were, though, a few who stayed to work for the German army. They were exiled from Lubartów until September 1940.
A Judenrat – German for "Jewish council" – was set up in late 1939 for those Jews who stayed. The first President, Jakub Modko Lichtenfel, did not remain in post for long and was soon replaced by Dawid Perec. The last Judenrat of Lubartów consisted of five members:
The ghetto areas around the two market places of Lubartów were still in existence when the Jews returned from exile. A "people’s kitchen" was organised for the now poverty-stricken Jews. Deportation also existed to Lubartów. An example of this is the movement of 1,000 Jews from Ciechanów. In addition, by May 1942, 2,421 Slovakian Jews had been deported to Lubartów. 
The first deportation to death camps started in 9 April 1942 (the last day of Passover). On the first day, 800 Jews who did not have work cards were ordered to go to the railway station, from which they were taken to Belzec extermination camp. The last of the deportations was on the 11 October 1942. Some of these deprtees were sent to Majdanek, with the others going to the death camp in Treblinka. Jews that were found to be hiding were shot. In total, the number of Jews found after last deportation numbered 300. After a while, the Jews that were found were instead deported to the Piaski ghetto. 
The members of the Judenrat, and their families, were deported to Łęczna. They were shot in November 1942, while Jews who worked for the German gendarmerie were shot on 29 January 1943. 
After the last deportations, the synagogues and cemeteries were destroyed. The gravestones were used in a pavement at a Wehrmacht base. 
At the end of the war only forty Jews had survived the mass murder, five of which had stayed in the town of Lubartów.

</doc>
<doc id="5883057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883057" title="Piotr Włostowic">
Piotr Włostowic

Piotr Włostowic ( 1080 – 1153), also known as Peter Wlast or "Włost") was a Polish noble, castellan of Wrocław, and a ruler ("możnowładca") of part of Silesia. From 1117 he was voivode ("palatyn") of the king of Poland, Bolesław III Wrymouth. Part of the Łabędzie family, and son of Włostowic, he is likely to have been related to older princes of Silesia. His lands included the territories near Mount Ślęża and Piasek Island near Wrocław. The Dunin clan of noble families claims descent from him.
His most famous deed is the capture of Volodar (Wołodar) of Peremyshl (Przemyśl). Later he married Maria, a daughter of Sviatopolk II of Kiev. For this marriage and his adventure in Rus', he was ordered by the Church to reconcile. He was ordered to construct seventy churches.
Włostowic, a loyal subject of Bolesław III, had much more negative relations with Bolesław's son, Władysław II the Exile, and especially his wife, Agnes of Babenberg, who considered Włostowic a traitor. In 1146, Włostowic was captured by Władysław, blinded and muted. This mutilation of the popular Włostowic was one of the reasons for a civil war between Władysław and his brothers, as the blinded Włostowic went to Rus', which had so far supported Władysław, and convinced them to break their alliance. Eventually Władysław lost the war and went into exile in 1146. Włostowic regained his position and estates, but his disability and worsening health prevented him from taking further active part in politics, and he died in 1153.
Biography.
Youth.
Relatively little is known about Włostowic's youth, other than he was a scion of a relatively wealthy and powerful Silesian family, and became a trusted retainer of the duke of Poland, Bolesław III Wrymouth.
The capture of prince Wołodar.
When Bolesław was engaged in hostilities with Wołodar, prince of Przemyśl, Włostowic used subterfuge to gain Wołodar's trust, staging a pretended revolt against Bolesław, and joining Wołodar's court. Some time later, when he found himself alone with Wołodar during a hunt, he captured him and led Wołodar before Bolesław, who released him only after Wołodar paid a large ransom and a promised to ally himself with the Duke.
Marriage.
When Zbysława of Kiev, daughter of Sviatopolk II of Kiev and wife of Bolesław died, Włostowic was sent by Bolesław to Sviatopolk to negotiate a marriage to another daughter. However before the negotiations were completed, Bolesław married Salome von Berg-Schelklingen, and Włostowic himself married another daughter of Sviatopolk, Maria.
Reconciliation.
While Włostowic's tricking of Wołodar and marriage to Maria gained him much fame, they were also disapproved of by the Roman Catholic Church, which did not look favourably upon alliances or marriages with people of Eastern Orthodox faith. Włostowic was ordered to construct 7 churches as reconciliation. But he built 70 churches and 30 convents, and that led to nicknaming a type of romanesque churches in Poland as 'Dunin's churches' (from Peter's nickname, Dunin).
Voivode.
His marriage to Maria, the daughter of a powerful ruler, further elevated Włostowic, and he received the rank of voivode ("Palatine" or "comes palatinus") from Bolesław. At that time voivode was one of the most important positions in the Kingdom of Poland: he commanded the military when the king was absent, presided in courts during the king's absence, was responsible for order and security of the court, and in cases where the king was not an adult, the voivode even became the regent.
Death of Bolesław.
Several years later, Salome, wife of Bolesław, forced him to resign as voivode, replacing him with Wszebor — a man she considered more likely to support her and her sons from her second marriage, against the first-born son of Bolesław, Władysław II the Exile.
After the death of Bolesław in 1138, Władysław II became the new duke of Poland, and he reinstated Włostowic to the rank of voivode, as he did not want Wszebor, supporter of his brothers, to retain that rank. However Bolesław, who had had seven sons, in his last will had attempted to significantly reform the Polish monarchy in an attempt to prevent a civil war. Unfortunately, the attempt not only proved futile, but led into the period known as the fragmentation of Poland. Bolesław's will divided Poland into several princedoms, with one of his sons in charge of each one. The will declared that henceforth, the king of Poland was to be the oldest of the Piast dynasty, and not necessarily the heir of his firstborn. Władysław II opposed his father's wish, and encouraged by his wife, Agnes of Babenberg, tried to ensure his power as the king would not be weakened. As Boleslaw's chosen Voivode, a rift occurred when Włostowic argued against this. Włostowic feared a civil war, but by his opposition, he soon lost the trust of Bolesław, and especially that of his wife, who thought Wlast had sided with the younger sons of Bolesław.
A civil war began in 1142, with a string of Władysław victories. For his part, Włostowic refused to clearly declare himself for any side, instead choosing to try and smooth the conflicts and conduct negotiations.
In 1146, Władysław decided to finally remove Włostowic from the equation, ordering one of his knights, Dobek, to capture him. Dobek succeeded in this in a manner not unlike Włostowic's own capture of Wołodar: he arrived at Włostowic's court in Ołbino, and during the night captured Włostowic's court with his men. Agnes demanded Włostowic's death, but Władysław decided instead to make an example out of him: Wlast was blinded, muted and sentenced to exile.
This had not proven to be Władysław's wisest move. Włostowic was respected and had many friends, and his fate caused many people to switch their allegiance to the younger brothers. Further, the blinded Włostowic went to Rus', which had so far supported Władysław, and convinced them to break their alliance. As a result, Władyslaw was soon defeated. Włostowic regained his position as a voivode, but his disability and old age prevented him from becoming an active politician. He died on April 16, 1153.
Legacy.
In the coming centuries, Piotr Włostowic Dunin (or Peter Wlast) became a near-legendary figure, especially as contemporary writers-monks remembered his generous support of the Church. His story was told, among others, in the poem "Carmen Mauri". Among the legends, one of the most prevalent is that Peter Wlast's family originates from Denmark, explaining his later nickname, 'Dunin', "the Dane". The Dunin clan has survived to the modern day and has many notable members. The family crest is the Labedz, the swan.

</doc>
<doc id="5883063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883063" title="USS Cheng Ho (IX-52)">
USS Cheng Ho (IX-52)

USS "Cheng Ho" (IX-52) (also written Chengho), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy of that name, which was given to her by her civilian owner for Zheng He, the Chinese admiral and explorer.
Exploring vessel.
The Chinese junk motor yacht was built at the Ah King Shipways, Hong Kong, for Mrs. Anne Archbold (the daughter of John Dustin Archbold, co-founder of Standard Oil), and launched in October 1939. She was designed and built for a plant collecting expedition to the Dutch East Indies led by botanist David Fairchild. The expedition was intended to last for two years, but after only six months the outbreak of war made further work impossible. Although shortened, the trip was productive. More than 500 different kinds of plants were collected, including more than 90 species of palms.
Navy service.
On 14 July 1941 the ship was bought by United States Navy from Mrs. Archbold for the nominal sum of one dollar, and placed in service on 23 July 1941, assigned to the 14th Naval District.
"Cheng Ho" was at the Section Base, Bishop's Point, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941. Throughout World War II she served at Pearl Harbor as a picket boat and as an inshore patrol vessel. She was stricken on 25 February 1946, and turned over to the War Shipping Administration for return to her former owner.
"Cheng Ho" was last seen in 1990, derelict and beached at Papeete, Tahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="5883086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883086" title="A Chorus Line (film)">
A Chorus Line (film)

A Chorus Line is a 1985 musical film directed by Richard Attenborough, starring Michael Douglas. The screenplay by Arnold Schulman is based on the Tony Award-winning book of the 1975 stage production of the same name by James Kirkwood, Jr. and Nicholas Dante. The songs were composed by Marvin Hamlisch and Edward Kleban.
Plot.
A group of dancers congregate on the stage of a Broadway theatre to audition for a new musical production directed by Zach (Michael Douglas). After the initial eliminations, sixteen hopefuls remain. Arriving late is former lead dancer Cassie (Alyson Reed) who once had a tempestuous romantic relationship with Zach but left him to take a job in Hollywood. Now she hasn't worked in over a year, and is desperate enough for work to even just be part of the chorus line and audition for him; whether he's willing to let professionalism overcome his personal feelings about their past remains to be seen.
As the film unfolds, the backstory of each of the dancers is revealed. Some are funny, some ironic, some heartbreaking. No matter what their background, however, they all have one thing in common - a passion for dance.
Musical numbers.
The songs "And...", "Sing!", and "The Tap Combination" from the stage version are eliminated in the film, as well as most of "The Montage" (Hello 12, Hello 13, Hello Love)
Production.
Following the smash success of the Broadway production, Hollywood producers expressed interest in a motion picture version of the musical. Many directors turned down the project, insisting that not only was "A Chorus Line" too beloved, but it would not translate well to the screen. Even Michael Bennett, the stage musical's director, declined to participate when his proposal to present the film as an audition to cast the movie version of the stage play, instead of a literal translation of the play, was rejected. When Attenborough accepted the project, there was some apprehension as to the treatment the British director would give the musical's quintessentially American story.
In February 1984, according to Sir Richard Attenborough, the singer Madonna auditioned at the Royale Theatre on Broadway for a dance role in his movie using her birth-name of Ciccone. He rejected her.
The decision to tamper with the score disappointed fans of the show. "Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love," "Sing!," and "The Music and the Mirror" were deleted and new songs "Surprise, Surprise" and "Let Me Dance For You" were added. The show's breakout tune, "What I Did for Love," originally was performed as a paean to dancers and their dedication to their craft, but in the film it becomes a wistful love song by Cassie about Zach as she leaves the stage.
The stage musical was one of the first to address the subject of gay actors within the theatre business, but some overt references to it were eliminated from the film.
The dance numbers were choreographed by Jeffrey Hornaday.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. In his review in "The New York Times", Vincent Canby observed, "Though it was generally agreed that "Hair" would not work as a film, Miloš Forman transformed it into one of the most original pieces of musical cinema of the last 20 years. Then they said that "A Chorus Line" couldn't be done - and this time they were right . . . Mr. Attenborough has elected to make a more or less straightforward film version that is fatally halfhearted."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" stated, "The result may not please purists who want a film record of what they saw on stage, but this is one of the most intelligent and compelling movie musicals in a long time - and the most grown up, since it isn't limited, as so many contemporary musicals are, to the celebration of the survival qualities of geriatric actresses."
"Variety" said, ""Chorus" often seems static and confined, rarely venturing beyond the immediate. Attenborough merely films the stage show as best he could. Nonetheless, the director and lenser Ronnie Taylor have done an excellent job working within the limitations, using every trick they could think of to keep the picture moving. More importantly, they have a fine cast, good music and a great, popular show to work with. So if all they did was get it on film, that's not so bad."
"Time Out London" says, "The grit and drive of the original have been dissipated into studiously unkempt glitz as empty as plasticised pop . . . It's too corny and unbelievable for words."
"A Chorus Line" currently holds a 'rotten' 38% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Awards.
The film was nominated for the following awards:
Note: At the Golden Globes, "A Chorus Line" lost out in both categories to Prizzi's Honor, while at the BAFTA Awards it lost out in both categories to Amadeus.

</doc>
<doc id="5883091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883091" title="Alyson Reed">
Alyson Reed

Alyson Reed (born January 11, 1958) is an American dancer and actress.
Life and career.
Reed was born in Fullerton, grew up in Anaheim, California and attended Anaheim High School, where she graduated in 1976. She began ballet at age 4 and performing in musicals at age 7. She began working professionally at age 12. Alyson performed as Alice in Wonderland at the Disneyland theme park.
Reed made her Broadway debut in "Dancin in 1978. Additional Broadway credits include "Oh Brother", "Dance a Little Closer", "Cabaret", "A Grand Night for Singing", and '. She was nominated for the Tony and Helen Hayes Awards for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for "Cabaret" and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actress in a Musical for "Marilyn". In 1992, she starred opposite Michael O'Keefe in the national touring company of "A Few Good Men" in the role of Lt. Cmdr. Galloway, and also toured as Cassie/Val in A Chorus Line, and Catherine in Pippin. She has numerous regional credits and can be heard on various cast albums.
Reed's most notable screen role was Cassie in Richard Attenborough's film adaptation of "A Chorus Line", and she also appeared in the comedy "Skin Deep" with John Ritter. Her many television credits range from: 'Modern Family", "Mad Men", "Grey's Anatomy" and "Bones'...back to "Matlock", "L.A. Law", "Murder, She Wrote", "Frasier", "Law & Order", "Without a Trace", "ER", "Judging Amy", "Chicago Hope", "The X Files"...to "", "Nip/Tuck", "Crossing Jordan", "Numb3rs", "Boston Legal", "NYPD Blue" and "Desperate Housewives"
Most recently, she has become known to younger viewers for the role of Ms. Darbus in the popular Disney Channel movie "High School Musical" and its sequel "High School Musical 2" (although her role in that film was only one scene). She reprised her role as Ms. Darbus in "". Visit TheOfficialAlysonReed.com

</doc>
<doc id="5883095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883095" title="Niemce">
Niemce

Niemce is a village in Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Niemce. It lies approximately north of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of approximately 5,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883102" title="My Comrade">
My Comrade

My Comrade is a queer underground magazine published and edited by Linda/Les Simpson, a drag queen from New York City. It was published between 1987 and 1994, and came back recently in 2004.
History.
From 1987 to 1994.
In 1987, Les Simpson (also a contributor to "Time Out" New York) started to publish "My Comrade", using his alter-ego Linda Simpson, a drag queen involved in New York City’s gay nightlife, as editor. The original format was that of a zine: a group of black and white photocopies stapled together. Over that period, 10 issues were published, and its success allowed it to continually grow in format and content.
The publication self-proclaimed itself the “court jester of the queer press;” it opted for a camp approach to gay lifestyle, talking ironically about popular culture, and parodying other types of magazines. The publication also acted as a showcase for photographers, illustrators, and writers of the queer subculture. It was very popular among the underground queer scene of New York City, and is still considered by many a great embodiment of Manhattan Lower East Side’s and East Village’s LGBT culture of the period.
Since 2004.
After a 10 year hiatus, Linda/Les Simpson decided to come back with the magazine in the fall of 2004. The gay press, especially in New York City, expressed its contentment with the publication’s comeback, and the new issue received excellent reviews. The second issue of the 21st century, released in spring 2006 featured the first color cover in "My Comrade"’s history. The magazine’s format thus evolved to resemble more to other popular magazines, though its inside design kept the “zine” aesthetic of the past issues. The content also kept with the humorous tone of the previous series. It features funny stories and reportage, as well as profiles of a broad range of personalities, from local go-go dancers to widely known reality television stars like Austin Scarlett, along with drag queens, burlesque performers, and artists.

</doc>
<doc id="5883108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883108" title="Seletar Institute">
Seletar Institute

Seletar Institute (Abbreviation: SI; Chinese: 立德高级中学) was one of the four original centralised institutes (CI) in Singapore and one of the pre-university centres in Singapore that offers a three-year curriculum leading to the Singapore Cambridge (UCLES) General Certificate of Education Advanced Level examination.
History.
SI was established as Singapore's third centralised institute in 1988 and began operations with 17 members of staff and 186 students in January 1989, at the then-vacant Upper Thomson Secondary School ex-campus at 14.5 km Upper Thomson Road, opposite Springleaf estate. During the first 3 months of the pioneer batch in 1989, students spent their ECA (Extra Curricular Activities) to cut the tall wild grasses and paint the buildings. The first lecture theatre had an improvised white cloth as the projector screen - hung using strings from the four corners. There were no airconditioning and whenever the forthnightly fumigation from the Ministry of Environment came along, the students had to cover their mouth/nose with one hand and take lecture notes with the other. This was truly a "Kampung school" but one that very much retained the "Kampung spirit" which lacks in most other modern institutions of learning.
In 1990, the campus was expanded, with a new two storey block at the back of the original facility, consisting of 10 class rooms at Level 1 and 2 Lecture Theatres at Level 2. The pioneer batch students (10 classes or what was known as "Civics Tutorial Group") moved to the new block whilst the two junior batches remained at the old block. Its library, third LT and four additional classrooms was built in 1991, its fourth LT, gymnasium, weights room, fitness stations, art studio and students’ locker room in 1992 and its conference room, printing room, counselling room, resource rooms and staff lounges in 1993. Air-conditioners were installed extensively throughout campus. It underwent repainting, renovations and upgrades in 1994, with a new volleyball court and walkway to Block B from the canteen and Internet introduced in 1995. In1996, a student’s computer corner was created to facilitate students without internet access or computer. The institute received extensive funding from the Ministry of Education (MOE), which allowed the annual increment of facilities and refurbishing of most of the buildings, until when in 16 August 1995, when MOE announced that Seletar Institute will not be expecting any intake of prospective ‘A’ level students in the coming year of 1996. 
Seletar Institute was a relatively advanced and sufficiently modernised pre-university centre compared to other JCs and CIs. However, all these went to waste as the institute was closed down and the campus abandoned, since 1998.
Pioneer Batch (1989-1991).
The founding principal was Mdm So Bie Leng with the following key teaching staffs:
Miss Soo Soo Eng (General Paper)
Mrs Helen Chong (Economics)
Mrs Wong (Accounting)
Mrs Lim Farn York (General Paper)
Mdm Wan (Chinese)
Mr Tan Ching Huat (Chinese)
Mr Lien (Physical Education)
Miss Lee Sock Moy (Management)
Due to the "Kampung spirit" and small cohort, many of the students ended up in a relationship with no less than 10 couples in a student population with less than 200. The school leadership force a reshuffling of the students to ensure that those in a relationship do not end up in the same class in Year Two.
The pioneer batch of students graduated with fantastic results where over half could be admitted to a University and the top student (Xu Xiaolong) attained a rare triple qualifications despite SI being a 3-year pre-university institution. He obtained a Diploma in Computer Studies, a Group Diploma in Accounting (with the First Singapore Gold Medal) and three distinctions in his GCE A Levels subjects of Accounting, Economics and Management. He eventually attained a full scholarship from Price Waterhouse to read Accountancy at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore.
Closure.
On 16 August 1995, the Ministry of Education announced that Seletar Institute will not be enrolling new ‘A’ level students as of the academic year of 1996. In December 1997, SI closed down when her final batch of students graduated. The closure comes at a time when the government policy on after secondary education was moving towards self-sufficiency and in favour of training young professionals without going to university in post-secondary education institutes.
By 2004, all the four original centralised institutes in Singapore have become victim of the premature abandoning of the three-year pre-university project. Jurong Institute (JI) and Outram Institute (OI) merged to become Millennia Institute as of January 2004. 
In her final two years of 1996 and 1997, more students left SI after their three-year course and when finally, left with a sole final batch that would graduate in 1997. This resulted in extra spaces for activities, more vacant classrooms and more resources concentrated on the welfare of each student. SI went on to create and design a nurturing environment for the final batch students, introducing programmes such as Special small-group tuition, renovating classrooms into Special Subject Rooms where all students are entitled space for decoration and their expression of artistic talents. 
Paradoxically, when the institute was in her final academic semester, morale among the students were at an all-time high, most teaching staff from 1995 remained and that there was no imminent sign of closure throughout the campus, as all gardens, pathways, corridors, classrooms and venues were well-maintained. 
In December 1997, SI closed down and the campus would only open again briefly for the returning alumnus in early-1998 to collect their 1997 GCE ‘A’ Level Examination results. The last principal of SI, Mrs Lysia Kee, was strongly worded throughout the final phase of the institute’s existence, citing repeatedly in morning assembly speeches that there will be no retention as a transfer for JC/CI was not feasible, and that the institute must cease all academic operations by November 1997.
Interestingly 1997 was the year where the pioneer batch male students (after serving in the National Service and taking a 3-year degree course) graduated and ready to join the workforce - but their alma mater was no more.

</doc>
<doc id="5883111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883111" title="Shahed Ali">
Shahed Ali

Shahed Ali (24 May 1925, Mahmudpur, Sunamganj - 2001) was one of the leading short story writers of Bangladesh and is considered to be one of the literary giants of his time in the realm of Bengali literature. He was also an educator, a progressive Islamic thinker, a journalist, editor of multiple magazines and one of the founders of the Islamic Organization named "Tamaddun Mazlish." He is most famous for his short story "Jibrailer Dana" (Gabriel's wings) which has been translated in English by his daughter, novelist Dilruba Zeenat Ara.
Life and works.
Shahed Ali was born in Sylhet, Bangladesh and was the oldest of nine brothers and sisters. His literary career began prior to the 1947 partition of the Indian subcontinent. His first story Asru (tears) was published in 1940 when he was a student of grade eight. He worked as the editor of a magazine called "Pravati" from 1944-1966. He later became involved with a magazine named "Saynik" which served as the banner for the Bengali language movement. He worked as the editor of Saynik from 1948-1950. He was also the editor of two journals of the Islamic foundation, "Sabuj Pata" and "Islamic Academy Patrika." He was also actively involved with Allama Iqbal Sangsad Magazine from 1963-1982. He was elected a Member of Legislative assembly of the Government of East Pakistan in
1954 but decided to quit politics when Ayub Khan imposed martial law in 1958 .
List of works.
Some of his most famous short stories:
Works he translated into Bengali:
Awards.
Family:
Professor Shahed Ali's wife, Chemon Ara is a retired professor of Bengali and a writer.Ex Principal Chittagong Women's college
They have six children.
References.
Selected Short Stories of Shahed Ali - Dilruba Z. Ara
http://www.banglapedia.org/bangla/index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5883121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883121" title="Laura Donnelly (Love Is a Many Splendored Thing)">
Laura Donnelly (Love Is a Many Splendored Thing)

Laura Donnelly Elliott is a fictional character in the American soap opera "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". She was played by actress Donna Mills, who is closely identified in the role; Laura was also played by Barbara Stanger and Veleka Gray later on. 
The former nun.
Laura, the daughter of widowed pathologist Dr. Will Donnelly, was studying to be a nun. She was a novitiate, Sister Cecilia, but before she was to take her final vows she discovered that the cloistered and sheltered life of a nun was not what she wanted. She left the convent and discovered what she wanted from life. She began to see her sister Iris's former fiancé, Mark Elliott, a successful architect in San Francisco. 
This was good for her, since Mark's stuffy mother, Helen Elliott Donnelly, liked her more than Iris. In a complete irony, Helen would become Laura's sister in-law, as well as her mother in-law, after she married Tom Donnelly, Laura and Iris' older brother, a police officer on the San Francisco Police Department.
The two were married and began their lives together. Despite that, Iris was never far from Mark's mind, to the insecure Laura's dismay. However, Iris, good and loyal sister that she was, told Mark to make his marriage work—something she continued to tell him after he mistook her for Laura, made love to her, and impregnated her.
Laura was enraged, although she later realized that it wasn't Iris's fault completely (Iris had been blinded in an accident, and it was Mark who had thought Iris was Laura). Besides, it was Iris who was forever telling Mark to make his marriage work, which made Laura feel good. Iris married Spencer Garrison later on, but yet, Iris had given birth to Mark's daughter, Maggie. 
Laura attempted to get custody of her husband's baby from her sister but later rescinded the suit, due to Iris' unswerving loyalty. Nonetheless, Mark and Laura remained married, and later adopted a child, allowing Maggie to be with her mother.
Laura, along with Iris and their brother, Tom, were happy when their father had found love with widowed Lily Chernak, who had a daughter, Dr. Betsy Chernak Taylor, who worked with Will.

</doc>
<doc id="5883146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883146" title="Anna Borucka-Cieślewicz">
Anna Borucka-Cieślewicz

Anna Borucka-Cieślewicz (born 26 October 1941 in Zygmuntowo) is a Polish politician, member of the Law and Justice party. She was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883151" title="HCESAR">
HCESAR

HCESAR (pronounced by saying the name of the letter "H" and then the word "César": in Portuguese, "agá-César") is an obsolete typewriter keyboard layout. It was created by decree on July 21, 1937, by Portuguese prime minister António de Oliveira Salazar.
It was common that the "0" numeral was omitted (in favour of using the uppercase "O" letter), and there were also some typewriters without the "1" numeral (with the lowercase "L" being used to achieve it). Also absent were symbols such as the exclamation mark (achieved by typing an apostrophe and overwriting it with a period using the backspace key), the asterisk (achieved in a similar way, with lowercase "X" and the plus or minus sign — for eight- or six-pointed asterisks, respectively), the number sign (which was achieved by some through intricate methods involving partial depressions of the backspace key to overwrite the equals sign with two slashes), and the inequality sign (typing an equals sign and overwriting it with one slash).
This keyboard layout was the official layout of typewriters in public administration and most private companies until the mid-1970s, when it began to be replaced by the AZERTY layout. 
When both layouts were in use the HCESAR was called the "Teclado Nacional" (National Keyboard Layout) and the AZERTY "Teclado Internacional" (International Keyboard layout). 
In the early 1980s, when the Portuguese public administration started to replace its old machines with multiuser terminal-based computers, mainly running the Unix OS, both HCESAR and AZERTY were slowly replaced by the QWERTY layout, which is overwhelmingly used today.

</doc>
<doc id="5883157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883157" title="Political history of East Africa">
Political history of East Africa

The following is a list of the political history of East Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="5883171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883171" title="S.O.S. Coast Guard">
S.O.S. Coast Guard

S O S Coast Guard (1937) is a Republic film serial. It was the seventh of the sixty-six serials made by Republic. The plot concerns the mad scientist Boroff (Bela Lugosi) attempting to sell a superweapon to the highest bidder, opposed by Coast Guard Lieutenant Terry Kent (Ralph Byrd), for both personal and professional reasons.
The main stars were Bela Lugosi and Ralph Byrd. It was made during the 2-year period when the Hayes Office put a moratorium on horror movies, Lugosi's usual genre, and in the midst of Byrd's notoriety for the highly popular Dick Tracy serials.
Plot.
Boroff is a mad scientist who has invented a "disintegrator gas" and plans to smuggle it to his buyers in Morovania. When his ship, the Carfax, gets stranded on outlying rocks in the first chapter, the Coast Guard comes to rescue him. Recognised by the reporters, Jean and Snapper, Boroff runs and kills the pursuing coast guard Ensign Jim Kent, who turns to be Lt Terry Kent's brother.
As the gas is made from the rare substances "Arnatite" (which is radioactive) and "Zanzoid", Boroff attempts to acquire more of these materials to create more (including salvaging supplies of arnatite from the sunken Carfax). Hot on his heels are the Coast guard, led by Lt Kent, and the two reporters, with the expert aid of Jean's chemist brother, Dick.
Eventually Terry finds, and leads a squad against, Boroff's cave-based hideout, with disintegrator gas bombs exploding around them.
Production.
"S O S Coast Guard" was budgeted at $107,217 although the final negative cost was $128,530 (a $21,313, or 19.9%, overspend). It was the most expensive Republic serial of 1937 and the most expensive of all Republic serials until the release of The Lone Ranger in 1938. It was filmed between 10 June and 15 July 1937. The serial's production number was 422.
Director William Witney met his first wife, Maxine Doyle, while working on this serial.
Special Effects.
The serial's special effects were created by Jack Coyle and the Lydecker brothers.
Release.
Theatrical.
"SOS Coast Guard"'s official release date is 28 August 1937, although this is actually the date the sixth chapter was made available to film exchanges. A 71-minute feature film version, created by editing the serial footage together with some additional scenes shot during its production, was released on 16 April 1942. It was one of fourteen feature films Republic made from their serials.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5883173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883173" title="Wojciech Borzuchowski">
Wojciech Borzuchowski

Wojciech Borzuchowski (born 10 November 1961 in Wysokie Mazowieckie) is a Polish politician, a member of Law and Justice party until 2007, when he joined the Polish People's Party. He was elected to Sejm on 25 September 2001 and served until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883178" title="VVA">
VVA

VVA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883188" title="Höstena springs">
Höstena springs

Höstena springs (Swedish: "Höstena källor") are the collective name for several springs in Ljungby, Falkenberg, Sweden.
The largest of the springs is Kalle brunnar, which actually consists of two springs close to each other. The water from the springs ends up in river Ätran. The springs were previously called Larängs källor. The minor of the springs has been closed.
Rangeli brunnar/Ragnhilds källa can be found a few hundred meters south west of Kalle brunnar. It is associated with several legends. A third spring, Lyngbacka-källan, is associated with legends as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5883189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883189" title="Maxie Jones">
Maxie Jones

Mariah Maximilliana "Maxie" Jones (formerly Hunter) is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera "General Hospital". She is the eldest daughter of supercouple Frisco and Felicia Jones. The role was first portrayed by Robyn Richards for eleven years, from 1993 to 2004. The role was then recast with Kirsten Storms. In 2011, Storms took an extended medical leave, resulting in the temporary recasting of the character with Jen Lilley. Storms has since returned to the role. In 2009, Storms was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for her portrayal of Maxie Jones.
Casting.
The character was initially portrayed by child actors Chelsey and Kahley Cuff from 1990 to 1991, Ashley and Jessica Clark in 1992, and Elaine and Melanie Silver from December 1992 to 1993. Robyn Richards then assumed the role in 1993. In March 2002, after nine years as the character, ABC announced their decision to release Richards from her contract in order to rapidly age the character, with plans to have actress Danica Stewart take over. However, within months, it was announced that the network had chosen to have Richards stay after Stewart was negatively received by viewers.
In March 2005, after Richards had made her final appearance in July 2004, it was announced that the role had been recast with Kirsten Storms, who made her debut in May 2005. In September 2011, Storms took an extended medical leave for an unspecified amount of time, resulting in the temporary recasting of the character with actress Jen Lilley. Four months later, Storms was said to be returning, however, her return was delayed and Lilley announced that she would be remaining in the role for the foreseeable future. In June 2012, Storms was rumored to be in potential talks to rejoin the cast. The following month, Lilley announced that she had completed her stint as the character. In a personal YouTube video, Lilley tearfully thanked her fans, stating: "Thank you for making my departure from GH easier. [...] And even though I'm crying, they are happy tears." She made her last appearance on August 10, 2012. Storms later returned on September 5.
During an interview with Dan J. Kroll of "Soap Central Live", Lilley spoke about how she had no idea about her being a recast for Storms or the character of Maxie. She stated:
Storylines.
1990–2005.
Maxie is born on Halloween night in 1990 and named after her grandmother and great-uncle. Her Godparents are named as Sean Donely and Anna Devane at her Christening. In 1994, she suffers from Kawasaki disease and requires a heart transplant. Meanwhile, her cousin B. J. Jones is in a car accident, leaving her brain dead. Test results prove B.J.'s heart to be a match for Maxie. B.J.'s parents, Bobbie and Tony Jones, agree to take B.J. off life support and donate her heart to Maxie. During this time, Maxie's sister Georgie is conceived, but their father Frisco Jones leaves town again soon after. Maxie and her younger sister are raised by their stepfather Mac Scorpio for most of their lives.
Maxie's first crush is on Lucky Spencer. In 2003, she dates her crush, Kyle Ratcliffe (played by Andrew St. John). Kyle coerces Maxie to steal pills from the hospital. While she loses her virginity to him, he tapes them having sex and later posts the video on the internet. Maxie is furious when she finds out, but forgives Kyle. Later on, Maxie plans to sleep with her adoptive cousin Lucas Jones to prevent her sister Georgie from sleeping with him. Maxie also flirts with Zander Smith and helps him avoid the law. She briefly has a crush on Nikolas Cassadine.
In 2005, Kirsten Storms assumes the role of Maxie as the character faces complications with her heart transplant. While in the hospital, Maxie meets Jesse Beaudry, who claims to be an undercover cop blamed for a murder he didn't commit. Maxie helps Jesse and they go on the run. By the time they arrive home, they have fallen in love with each other, much to Mac's dismay.
2006–08.
In 2006, Jesse is shot in the line of duty, and Maxie is devastated when he dies. She falls into a dark place and starts partying all the time. She turns to Jesse's partner Lucky Spencer for comfort, resulting in an affair. Lucky is married to Elizabeth Webber at the time, and addicted to painkillers. In order to keep Lucky with her, Maxie supplies him drugs from the hospital. After being caught by Elizabeth, Lucky decides to get clean and win Elizabeth back. Maxie does not want to lose Lucky, and tells him she is pregnant with his baby. She tries to sleep with Diego Alcazar, who tells her she must be trying to get pregnant to cover the lie. Later on, Maxie throws herself down the stairs to fake a miscarriage. Elizabeth eventually realizes the truth, and Maxie tells Lucky herself that she was never pregnant.
Maxie is hired at the Metro Court boutique, where she befriends co-worker Sam McCall. In early 2007, the hotel is taken hostage by Mr. Craig and his team. Maxie and one of the hostage takers, going by the name "Three," are locked inside the vault when the silent alarm goes off. They develop a bond, confessing to each other about their horrible deeds. When the crisis ends, Maxie convinces the cops that "Three" is a guest who had been taken hostage as well.
"Three" shows up at Maxie's house, begging for help, and introduces himself as Cooper Barrett. Although Maxie first refuses, she decides to help Cooper and gets him a job in security at the Metro Court. They are flirtatious and eventually start a relationship. When Maxie suspects Cooper has taken interest in Maxie's enemy Lulu Spencer, she propositions Cooper's former Army buddy Logan Hayes. She says that if he can get Lulu to sleep with him, then she will sleep with Logan. Maxie eventually tries to call off the bet after Cooper admits how much he cares for her. However, unable to help herself after realizing Logan is in love with Lulu, she blackmails Logan and sleeps with him. Later on, Cooper finds Maxie and Logan making out. He tells Maxie that he cannot watch her self-destruct any longer, and ends their relationship.
In the fall of 2007, Maxie attends Nikolas Cassadine's Black and White Ball with many other Port Charles residents. The guest are soon aware a serial killer is on the island. After a night full of fear and the death of Emily Quartermaine, they return home. On Thanksgiving, Maxie and Cooper reconcile. Soon after, Georgie is strangled by the serial killer. Cooper is a suspect, and asks Maxie to go to Canada with him, to which she agrees. However, when she finds him hanging in his room, she is devastated and the police further their belief that Cooper was the killer. Maxie refuses to believe this and teams up with Damian Spinelli to prove Cooper's innocence. Having once been enemies, Maxie and Spinelli become close, and Spinelli begins a crush on Maxie. They are successful in proving Cooper innocent, and that Diego Alcazar was actually the killer.
In the spring of 2008, Maxie gets a job as Kate Howard's assistant. She is soon joined by Lulu, and starts to hit on Lulu's boyfriend Johnny Zacchara to make her jealous. Johnny tells Maxie he isn't interested. That summer, Logan begins stalking Lulu, upset about their breakup. He blames Maxie for what happened, and one night attacks her at the Crimson office. Lulu witnesses the attack from across the street in Johnny's apartment. Logan comes after her next, and Lulu accidentally stabs him to death in self-defense. Johnny takes the blame to protect Lulu. He is arrested, but Lulu tries to get him out and they go on the run. Lulu slowly starts to break down and is admitted to a mental institution. Maxie visits her, marking the turn of their relationship from enemies to friends. Eventually Lulu recovers and is released.
During the trial of Logan's murder, Maxie is forced to admit her bet with Logan under oath. Distraught and embarrassed, she sleeps with Spinelli for comfort but immediately is ashamed of taking advantage of him. She proclaims she does not want to ruin their friendship, but signs of deeper feelings begin to show. That fall, Maxie is attacked by Russian mobsters. Mac blames her involvement with Spinelli, and forbids Maxie from seeing him. Maxie defies her father, and moves out of his home and into an apartment with Lulu.
2009–10.
In early 2009, Spinelli meets a woman named Winnifred Leeds, a computer geek much like himself. Maxie becomes jealous, and seduces Spinelli to keep him away from Winnifred. After Spinelli realizes her true motives, he ends their friendship. Maxie's suspicions prove true when Spinelli is arrested for treason, and Winnifred is outed as an undercover FBI agent. He is temporarily released when it is shown he is only bait to get information on Jason Morgan and Sonny Corinthos.
Shortly thereafter, there is a biotoxin crisis at the hospital. Maxie and Johnny find her cousin Robin Scorpio and Robin's daughter Emma in the snowstorm and take them to the hospital. Later that night, after the ordeal, they kiss and almost have sex, discussing their mutual tendencies of destroying their relationships. They stop before it goes too far, but are thrown together again when Maxie's boss Kate decides Maxie and Johnny would be a make a good couple to be seen at Crimson promotional events. Kate begins paying Johnny to go to parties with Maxie, much to the dismay of Lulu and Spinelli.
That spring, Spinelli finds Maxie and Johnny kissing on the pier. Spinelli is distraught and claims that Maxie will never be attracted to him the way she is to Johnny. Lulu and Maxie's friendship is strained at first, but they eventually reconcile. Lulu and Johnny break up, and Spinelli ends things with Maxie. Eventually he realizes he does not want to be without her, and after a brief period of courtly love Spinelli insists on, they enter into an exclusive relationship. Spinelli proposes to Maxie, who has doubts that she is ready for marriage. When Mac disapproves of the proposal, Maxie defends Spinelli and in an act of defiance accepts the proposal. During the engagement, Maxie is visibly nervous and often trying to find excuses to postpone the wedding. At the rehearsal, Spinelli overhears Maxie voicing her apprehension to Jason, who tells him she is willing to marry Spinelli because it's what he wants, even though she is scared to death. When Spinelli and Maxie meet at the altar, he says he will "not" marry her. They decide to get "not married" and commit to getting married someday when they are ready. The guests go to Jake's for a happy reception.
In late 2009, Maxie is ordered by Kate to set up an art show for the artist Robert "Franco" Frank (portrayed by James Franco). Franco's art turns out to be recreating crime scenes, which unsettles and intrigues the guests, especially Maxie. Maxie accepts Franco's offer to go back to his studio, in hopes of fulfilling her promise to book him for a photo shoot. She is unsettled when he insists she wear a blindfold, and asks her to lie down on the floor. When he starts to take photos of her, she pulls off the blindfold to discover that he has placed her inside one of his chalk outlines. He apologizes, and although she is upset, they end up sleeping together. Instantly regretting her actions, she stays home sick from Thanksgiving to avoid her family and Spinelli.
Maxie is distressed to learn Franco has sent Jason the photo he took of her. She tries to recover the photos and destroy them but is unsuccessful. Sam figures out that Maxie slept with Franco, and eventually Spinelli overhears their conversation. Spinelli eventually forgives Maxie for sleeping with Franco, but their relationship remains strained. In an attempt to recreate the circumstances of the beginning of their relationship, Spinelli plans a fake investigation and asks for Maxie's help. The plan ends in a disaster when the two are stuck in a storm drain and Maxie gets hypothermia. Johnny finds them and brings Maxie to the hospital. She contracts pneumonia, which turns life threatening when complications arise with her heart transplant. In a dream, Maxie is visited by Georgie's spirit, and decides she wants to live.
Maxie is called to testify at Sonny's trial for his wife Claudia's murder. She saw Sonny and Michael the night of the murder, and Jason asks her to lie and claim Michael was not there. Maxie agrees, but her efforts are in vain when Dante discovers that Michael killed Claudia and turns him in. Michael is sentenced with prison time, and Jason voluntarily confesses to a crime in order to join Michael and keep him safe. With Jason gone, Spinelli becomes depressed and closed off, furthering the strain on his relationship with Maxie. Maxie plans to flirt with Matt Hunter in order to regain Spinelli's attention. She goes on a series of dates with Matt, and sets up Spinelli to find them kissing. She thinks he will fight to win her back, but her plan backfires when Spinelli breaks up with her.
In the summer of 2010, the hospital goes on lock down when Elizabeth Webber's baby is stolen. Meanwhile, Warren Bauer goes on a rampage and shoots Mac and Ethan Lovett while trying to kill Kristina Davis. Mac kills Warren, but is in critical condition. Matt is able to save Mac's life, afterwards Maxie sleeps with him to thank him. Maxie and Matt begin to casually date.
When Christmas approaches, Maxie gives Matt an out in their "casually dating", warning him every guy she's dated so far either ends up dead or heartbroken, and she doesn't want the same to happen to Matt. He won't hear any of it, however, and explains her that he likes every quality over hers and she is everything he wants. They then head out to buy a Christmas tree, and start a tradition of their own, like Matt suggested.
2011–13.
On a ski trip with other Port Charles residents, Matt and Maxie are involved in a bus crash, and although Matt broke his arm, they are both fine. Once Matt and Maxie discover that Johnny is hiding the syringe Lisa Niles used to try to kill Robin, the two break into Johnny's apartment to find the syringe, but are almost caught by Johnny and Lisa. While hiding from them, Matt and Maxie overhear them discuss the syringe, and Johnny confirms he has it hidden somewhere. Now knowing Maxie was right all along, she and Matt celebrate to this victory, and they seem to be going towards a steady and stable relationship. Sam is brought to the hospital with cramps by Spinelli. Spinelli wants to help, so Maxie and Spinelli go get smoothies. When the come back to hospital Lisa Niles takes Robin, Steven Webber, Patrick, and Maxie hostages for being rude to her in the past. During the hostage Maxie flips out on Lisa and calls her a bitch. When Lisa is about to shoot Maxie, Spinelli falls out of the air vent saving Maxie, and tries to talk to Lisa to calm her. Lisa calls him a loser and Maxie flips out again. When Lisa tries to shoot her again, Spinelli jumps in front of Maxie and Lisa shoots him. Maxie tells Matt to not let Spinelli die during surgery. Telling Dante her breakup with Spinelli was an attempt to keep him safe; however, it backfired as Spinelli still put himself in danger for her. After surgery, Maxie kisses Spinelli and he wakes up, but now he thinks he's Jackel P.I. and forgets how to use his own laptop.
Matt asks Maxie to go to a party in his honor on a boat; Maxie says no and Matt asks Elizabeth instead. Maxie sneaks onto the boat and learns that Lisa has returned and is running rampant on the boat. Lisa is soon found murdered and Maxie is a suspect. Afraid that a drunken Matt may have killed her, Maxie enlist the help of Anthony Zacchara to cover it up. Anthony kills the ship's first mate and wrote a suicide note, stating that she was the one who killed Lisa. Soon after, Maxie becomes very jealous of the growing friendship between Matt and Elizabeth. To get revenge at Liz, Maxie turns her in for stealing drugs and Liz is suspended. Maxie later recants her story, and is reunited with Matt. However, their happiness is cut short when Maxie's best friend and cousin Robin is killed in a lab explosion. Believing herself responsible, Maxie tries to be arrested for killing Robin, and ends up confessing to killing Lisa Niles. Maxie was sentenced to twenty years in prison without parole for the murder of Lisa Niles and a ship crew member. Maxie takes the sentence as punishment for Robin's death. Spinelli, though, refuses to let Maxie take the blame and finds out that Matt is the real killer, and Maxie covered for him. Spinelli presents proof to the court of Matt's guilt, but the judge refuses to release Maxie unless she testifies against Matt. Maxie is furious when she hears about this, and blames Spinelli. She marries Matt so she won't have to testify against him, and she ends up being released. Matt, however, remembers his crime, and confesses. Before being sent to prison, he tells Maxie he'll file the papers for an annulment. However, Maxie stubbornly refuses, and chooses to stay married to Matt. Spinelli decides he's done with Maxie after this and wants nothing to do with her.
Maxie realizes how much she hurt and loves Spinelli, but he's now interested in Ellie Trout. She tries to tell Spinelli about her feelings, but is held back by Ellie. Eventually, she tells Spinelli that she divorced Matt so she could be with him. Spinelli, however, says he can't keep holding on to her and has decided to move on with Ellie. Heartbroken, Maxie tries to move on by being a surrogate for Lulu and Dante. Maxie eventually became pregnant, but ended up miscarrying soon after. Upset, she tries to think of a way to tell Lulu & Dante, and ends up finding Spinelli upset after believing Ellie broke up with him. She takes Spinelli back to her place and the two end up having a one night stand. A few weeks later, Maxie returns to the hospital and attempts to have Dr. Britt Westbourne implant Lulu and Dante's last remaining embryo, so she could try the surrogacy again. She is shocked when she discovers that Dr. Westbourne cannot implant the embryo because Maxie is already pregnant with Spinelli's child. Maxie chooses to pass off her child as Dante and Lulu's, and give them her child once it is born. As the pregnancy keeps advancing, though, Maxie becomes more attached to what she finds out is her unborn daughter. Once she goes into labor, though, she ends up letting her baby stay with Dante and Lulu, who name her Connie Falconeri. Spinelli finds out the truth from Ellie, but chooses to keep the secret to save Dante and Lulu from heartbreak.
The truth about Connie comes out, and Maxie insists that Dante are Lulu can keep her. However, both she and Spinelli express that they want their daughter back. When Lulu tells them she wants full custody of Connie, Maxie and Spinelli refuse, and end up going to court. The judge chooses not to grant custody to Dante and Lulu, but also refuses to give custody to Maxie claiming her as an unfit mother. Instead, he gives Spinelli sole custody of Connie. Maxie begs the judge to reconsider, but he tells Maxie that she is forbidden from seeing her daughter for six months. Maxie tries to violate the ruling by ambushing Spinelli in order to see her daughter, but Spinelli turns her away, saying he'll lose Connie and Maxie will be arrested if he lets her violate the agreement. Depressed, Maxie tries to commit suicide, but an alive Robin shows up and stops her. Maxie's spirit is renewed by this, and she decides to stick around for Robin, and for her daughter. Spinelli comes to Maxie, and reveals that Ellie has found a job in Portland, and he's considering moving with her. Maxie encourages him to go, and to take Connie so she won't be tempted to violate the court order. Spinelli eventually decides to move with Ellie to Portland, and take Connie with him. Before he leaves, he brings Connie by so Maxie can say goodbye to her. Before he leaves, Spinelli agrees to rename their daughter Georgie after Maxie's sister. Maxie leaves town soon after to find herself away from Port Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="5883196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883196" title="Piotr Woźniak">
Piotr Woźniak

Piotr Woźniak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883198" title="1970s operation in Balochistan">
1970s operation in Balochistan

The 1970s operation in Balochistan was a five-year military conflict in Balochistan, the largest province of Pakistan, between the Pakistan Army and Baloch separatists and tribesmen that lasted from 1973 to 1978.
The operation began in 1973 shortly after then-Pakistani President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto dismissed the elected provincial government of Balochistan, on the pretext that arms had been discovered in the Iraqi Embassy ostensibly for Baloch rebels. The ensuing protest against the dismissal of the duly elected government also led to calls for Balochistan's secession, met by Bhutto's ordering the Pakistan Army into the province. Akbar Khan Bugti, who would be killed in a later operation in 2006, served as provincial governor during the early stages of the conflict. The operation itself was led by General Tikka Khan and provided military support by Iran, against the resistance of some 50,000 Baloch fighters coordinated by Baloch sardars, or tribal chiefs, that most notably included Khair Bakhsh Marri and Ataullah Mengal.
Sporadic clashes were intermittent throughout the conflict, with hostilities climaxing in 1974 with drawn-out battles. The Bhutto regime was overthrown by General Zia-ul-Haq on July 5, 1977, and martial law was imposed. A general amnesty was declared by military governor Rahimuddin Khan. All army action was ceased by 1978, and development and educational policies were refocused on to assuage the province.
The conflict took the lives of 3,300 Pakistani troops, 5,300 Baloch, and thousands of civilians. This period forms a pivotal chapter in the longstanding Balochistan conflict, and is often cited as creating deep divisions between Balochistan and Islamabad that persist to the current day.
Calls for Balochistan's independence.
The 1971 Indo-Pakistani War had ended with the defeat of Pakistan at the hands of India. East Pakistan declared itself to be independent. It became a new sovereign state called Bangladesh, to be ruled by Bengali leader Shaikh Mujibur Rahman. Mujib had been a major personality in the events that had led to the war, having called for greater provincial autonomy and rights for what was then East Pakistan, only to be met with utter disapproval by the then military ruler Yahya Khan and his West Pakistan-based political opponent Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Despite Mujib's having won the federal elections of 1970, both Yahya and Bhutto refused to let Mujib form the central government. The ensuing unrest gradually deteriorated into civil war, and ultimately the secession of Bangladesh after the India-Pakistan War of 1971. India also played a large part in the independence of Bangladesh by arming and financing the separatist group Mukti Bahini which rebelled against the Pakistani State after the injustice done to the then East Pakistan.Most importantly, India sent its troops into East Pakistan to aid the Bengali separatists in suppressing the Pakistan army.
This would greatly influence Balochistan's leading political party, the National Awami Party. Led by ethnic nationalists and feudal leaders such as Sardar Ataullah Mengal and Khan Wali Khan, the party dominated the province due to the large amount of individual political influence its leaders held. Emboldened by the secession of Bangladesh, the party demanded greater autonomy from Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who had become the new President of Pakistan following his predecessor Yahya Khan's resignation in December 1971, in return for a consensual agreement on Bhutto's Pakistan Constitution of 1973. Bhutto, however, refused to negotiate on any terms that might have involved a reduction in his powers, with chief minister Ataullah Mengal in Quetta and Mufti Mahmud in Peshawar. The already significant civil unrest now turned volatile as tensions between the NAP and Bhutto erupted.
Launch of Bhutto's military operation.
The ethno-separatist rebellion of Balochistan of the 1970s, the most threatening civil disorder to Pakistan since Bangladesh's secession, now began. Surveying the political instability, Bhutto's central government sacked two provincial governments within six months, arrested the two chief ministers, two governors and forty-four MNAs and MPAs, obtained an order from the Supreme Court banning the NAP and charged everyone with high treason to be tried by a specially constituted Hyderabad Tribunal of handpicked judges. Following the alleged discovery of Iraqi arms in Islamabad in February 1973, Bhutto dissolved the Balochistan Provincial Assembly and infuriated Balochistan's political oligarchs.
In time, the nationalist insurgency, which had been steadily gathering steam, now exploded into action, with widespread civil disobedience and armed uprisings. Bhutto now sent in the army to maintain order and crush the insurgency. This essentially pitted the ethno-separatists against the central government, and army. As casualties rose, the insurgency became a full-fledged armed struggle against the Pakistan Army. The sporadic fighting between the insurgency and the army started in 1973 with the largest confrontation taking place in September 1974 when around 15,000 ethno-separatists fought the Pakistani Army and the Air Force. Sensing the seriousness of the conflict, Pakistan Navy dispatched its logistic units under the command of Vice-Admiral Patrick Simpson—Commander of the Southern Naval Command—provided its logistic and intelligence support to Army and Air Force from the Sea. The Navy had applied an effective naval blockade in Balochistan's water and stopped the illegal arm trade and aid to Baloch rebel groups. In a separate naval operations led by navy, the navy had seized and destroyed vessels that were trying to aid the Baloch rebel groups. The army suffered more than 3,000 casualties in the fight while the rebels lost 5,000 people as of 1977.
Iranian aid of operation.
It was after visiting Iran in 1973 that President Zulfikar Ali Bhutto dissolved Balochistan's provincial government. When the operation was begun, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran and Bhutto ally, feared a spread of the greater ethnic resistance in Iran. The Imperial Iranian Army began providing Pakistan with military hardware and financial support. Among Iran's contribution were 30 Huey cobra attack helicopters and $200 million in aid. The Pakistan government declared its belief in covert Indian intervention just like the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War. However India claimed that it was fearful of further balkanization of the subcontinent after Bangladesh and stated it had not interfered. After three days of fighting the separatists were running out of ammunition and so withdrew by 1976.
End of action.
Although major fighting had broken down, ideological schisms caused splinter groups to form and steadily gain momentum. On July 5, 1977, the Bhutto government was overthrown by General Zia-ul-Haq and martial law was imposed. With the civil disobedience in Balochistan remaining widespread, the military brought in Lieutenant General Rahimuddin Khan as governor under martial law. Rahimuddin declared a general amnesty for belligerents willing to give up arms and oversaw military withdrawal. Ataullah Mengal and Khair Bakhsh Marri, sardars that had been active in the conflict, were isolated by Rahimuddin from provincial affairs, and left the province for foreign countries. Marri later said the Baloch independence movement was 'at a virtual standstill', and Marri tribesmen granted amnesty laid down their arms. Akbar Bugti, having sided with Tikka Khan and now being marginalised by Rahimuddin Khan, went into self-imposed seclusion. Civil disobedience movements and anti-government protests died down.
Rahimuddin's tenure also ushered in sustained development. Following the Soviet invasion of neighboring Afghanistan in 1979, Rahimuddin used the resultant foreign attention on Balochistan by introducing an externally financed development programme for the area. Forty million dollars (USD) were committed to the programme by the end of 1987, by which time Rahimuddin had resigned. He expedited the regulation of Pakistan Petroleum Limited, the exploration company charged with the Sui gas field. He consolidated the then-contentious integration of Gwadar into Balochistan, which had earlier been notified as a district in 1977. Addressing the province's literacy rate, the lowest in the country for both males and females, he administered the freeing up of resources towards education, created girls' incentive programs, and had several girls' schools built in the Dera Bugti District. As part of his infrastructure schemes, he also forced his way in extending electricity to vast areas with subsoil water.
Tensions have resurfaced in the province with the Pakistan Army being involved in attacks against an organisation known as the Balochistan Liberation Army. Attempted uprisings have taken place as recently as 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5883201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883201" title="Andrzej Diakonow">
Andrzej Diakonow

Andrzej Diakonow (born 14 January 1950 in Klembów) is a Polish politician, member of the Law and Justice party.

</doc>
<doc id="5883209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883209" title="Józef Fortuna">
Józef Fortuna

Józef Fortuna (born 11 September 1952 in Maków Podhalański) is a Polish politician, member of the Law and Justice party. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883221" title="Szymon Giżyński">
Szymon Giżyński

Szymon Giżyński (born March 8, 1956 in Częstochowa) is a Polish politician. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 15840 votes in 28 Częstochowa district, candidating from Law and Justice list.
He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883222" title="Boyds Creek, Tennessee">
Boyds Creek, Tennessee

Boyds Creek is an unincorporated community in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States. It is named for a small southward-flowing tributary of the French Broad River of the same name, which itself derives its name from a Virginian trader killed by a band of Cherokee Indians whose body was thrown into the stream. The creek was the site of a 1780 battle (The Battle of Boyd's Creek) between white settlers and Cherokee angry at their encroachment onto their hunting territory.
Geography.
The community has a mean elevation of 899 feet (274 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="5883229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883229" title="Przemysław Gosiewski">
Przemysław Gosiewski

Przemysław Edgar Gosiewski (pronounced ; May 12, 1964 – April 10, 2010) was a Polish politician and a deputy chair of Law and Justice ("Prawo i Sprawiedliwość") party. In the 1980s he was active in the Solidarity movement. In years 2006-2007 he served as a Deputy Prime Minister of Poland in Jarosław Kaczyński's government.
He was elected to Sejm in 2001 and reelected on September 25, 2005, receiving 31,253 votes in 33 Kielce district as a candidate on the Law and Justice list.
He was the majority leader between November 3, 2005 and July 19, 2006. He has been a minister (Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Council of Ministers) since July 14, 2006. On May 8, 2007 he became Deputy Prime Minister of Poland and held that position until November 11, 2007.
He was listed on the flight manifest of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński which crashed near Smolensk-North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk, Russia, on 10 April 2010, killing all aboard.
On 16 April 2010, Gosiewski was posthumously awarded the Commander's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta and on 29 April 2010, the City Council in Ostrowiec made him an honorary citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="5883233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883233" title="Girsby">
Girsby

Girsby is a village and civil parish in the district of Hambleton in North Yorkshire, England. The village lies on high ground on the eastern bank of the River Tees. The population of the parish was estimated at 40 in 2010.
Historically the village was a township in the ancient parish of Sockburn, a parish divided by the River Tees between the North Riding of Yorkshire (which included Girsby) and County Durham (which included the township of Sockburn). Girsby became a separate civil parish in 1866.
The settlement has fallen into disrepair, many of the remaining buildings are derelict, there are barely enough houses to constitute a hamlet.
The small and secluded 'Girsby All Saints Church' overlooks the meandering Tees from its elevated position. The views from this vantage point are most enjoyable at sunset.
A private farmers track leads down to a rarely used bridge over the Tees. A public bridle path crosses the bridge linking Girsby with the nearby village of Neasham on the opposite bank of the river. A plaque on the bridge is inscribed;
Bridle Bridge,
Erected by Theophania Blackett 1870,
Thomas Dyke Esq Civil Engineer.
This engineer from Newcastle owned lots of land in this area, he erected the church at Girsby after the ruins of Sockburn church were no longer visitable, the church was built for the equivalent price today of £14.67
The name bridle may refer to the historic right of way called bridleway.

</doc>
<doc id="5883247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883247" title="Deuce (song)">
Deuce (song)

"Deuce" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. Written by Kiss bassist/vocalist Gene Simmons the song appeared on Kiss' eponymous 1974 debut album. In addition to being one of the band's most popular and most-covered songs, "Deuce" is a traditional concert opener. The song was performed on almost every tour to date, and has appeared on many Kiss' live and compilation albums, as well on Ace Frehley's.
Background.
According to Gene Simmons, he simply copied the bassline of The Rolling Stones' ""Bitch"" and played it more or less backwards. "I wrote 'Deuce' on the bass," he said, "so the guitars ended up shadowing the bass line or variations of it in different octaves."
The entire song was written nearly linearly; the riff came first, then the bridge, then finally the chorus. While uncredited, Paul Stanley provided the lightly phased intro riff, inspired by The Raspberries' ""Go All The Way"". "It's an integral part of the song," he observed, "but should I get credit for that? I don't think so."
"Deuce" also has special significance for Ace Frehley, who calls it his favorite Kiss song. "When I auditioned for Kiss", recalls Frehley, "they said, 'We're going to play you a song for you to listen to, and then try playing along — it's in the key of 'A'. They played ["Deuce"] as a three-piece. I thought, 'That's easy enough,' so I got up and wailed for four minutes playing lead work over it".
Gene Simmons stated in reference to the song "Lyrically, I had no idea what I was talking about. Sometimes stuff means a lot, sometimes it means nothing."<br>
On July 28, 2009, a live version was released along with "100,000 Years" (Live) and "Parasite" (Live) in the Kiss 01 track pack for Rock Band 2.
Live performances.
The song was performed during the first tours, mostly as the opener. It was dropped from the setlist for the Rock & Roll Over Tour and wasn't performed regularly in the USA until the Hot in the Shade Tour in 1990. After 1976, it wasn't played again until a show in Evansville, Indiana in January 1978. It was played in some one-off shows in the USA in 1988 as well as the European Crazy Nights Tour in 1988. Gene Simmons said that at the band's first tours, after they did the usual setlist and encore, they didn't have any more songs to play so they played "Deuce" again.
Appearances.
"Deuce" has appeared on following Kiss albums:

</doc>
<doc id="5883250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883250" title="Devil in Christianity">
Devil in Christianity

In mainstream Christianity, the Devil is a fallen angel who rebelled against God. The Devil is often identified as the serpent in the Garden of Eden, whose persuasions led to the two corresponding Christian doctrines: the Original Sin and its cure, the Redemption of Jesus Christ. He is also identified as the accuser of Job, the tempter of the Gospels, Leviathan and the dragon in the Book of Revelation.
Christian teachings.
In Christianity, the title Satan (Hebrew: הַשָּׂטָן ha-Satan), "the opposer", is a title of various entities, both human and divine, who challenge the faith of humans in the Jewish Bible. "Satan" later became the name of the personification of evil. Christian tradition and theology changed "Satan" from an accuser appointed by God to test men's faith to God's godlike fallen opponent: "the Devil", "Shaitan" in Arabic (the term used by Arab Christians and Muslims). 
Traditionally, Christians have understood the Devil to be the author of lies and promoter of evil. However, the Devil can go no further than the word of Christ the Logos allows, resulting in "the problem of evil. 
Liberal Christianity often views the devil metaphorically. This is true of some Conservative Christian groups too, such as the Christadelphians and the Church of the Blessed Hope. Much of the popular lore of the Devil is not biblical; instead, it is a post-medieval Christian reading of the scriptures influenced by medieval and pre-medieval Christian popular mythology.
Sources of Christian teaching.
Old Testament.
Christian teachings about the Devil in the Old Testament include these passages:
The Serpent (Genesis 3).
In the view of many Christians, the devil's first appearance in the Old Testament is as the serpent in the Garden of Eden. The serpent tempts Adam and Eve into eating the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, which God had forbidden them to eat, thus causing their expulsion from the Garden and indirectly causing sin to enter the world. In God's rebuke to the serpent, he tells it "And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel." ()
Christian scriptures are often interpreted to identify the serpent with the Devil. The deuterocanonical Book of Wisdom says, "But by the envy of the devil, death entered the world and they who are in his possession experience it." (Wisdom 2:24) Satan is implicitly identified, in the New Testament, with the serpent in Eden, in Revelation 12:9: "This great dragon — the ancient serpent called the Devil, or Satan, the one deceiving the whole world — was thrown down to the earth with all his angels."
Job's adversary (Job 1).
Christian teaching about the Satan (Hebrew שָׂטָן, "Adversary"), to whom God proposes his servant Job is that he appears in the heavenly court to challenge Job, with God's permission. This is one of two Old Testament passages, along with Zechariah 3, where Hebrew "ha-Satan" (the Adversary) becomes Greek "ho diabolos" (the Slanderer) in the Greek Septuagint used by the early Christian church.
David's satan (2 Sam 24. & 1 Chron. 21).
Christian teaching about the involvement of Satan in David's census (a practice explained in Exodus 30:11–16), varies, just as the pre-exilic account of 2 Samuel and the later account of 1 Chronicles present differing perspectives:
Zechariah 3.
Zechariah's vision of recently deceased Joshua the High Priest depicts a dispute in the heavenly throne room between Satan and the Angel of the Lord . Goulder (1998) views the vision as related to opposition from Sanballat the Horonite.
Azazel (Leviticus 16).
Some see the Scapegoat (Hebrew Azazel) : "And Aaron shall cast lots over the two goats, one lot for the LORD and the other lot for the scapegoat (NIV) / for Azazel (ESV)." Also, as relating to Satan.
Isaiah's Lucifer (Isaiah 14).
Since the time of Origen and Jerome some Christian concepts of the devil have included the in Isaiah 14:12, which is translated Lucifer "Light Bringer" in the Latin Vulgate, and directly from Latin into the KJV as a name "Lucifer" When the Bible was translated into Latin (the Vulgate), the name Lucifer appeared as a translation of "Morning Star", or the planet Venus, in Isaiah 14:12. Isaiah 14:1-23 is a passage concerned with the plight of Babylon, and its king is referred, in sarcastic and hyperbolic language to as "morning star, son of the dawn". This is because the Babylonian king was considered to be of godly status and of symbolic divine parentage (Bel and Ishtar, associated with the planet Venus).
While this information is available to scholars today via translated Babylonian cuneiform text taken from clay tablets, it was not as readily available at the time of the Latin translation of the Bible. At some point the reference to "Lucifer" was interpreted as a reference to the moment Satan was thrown from Heaven. And despite the clarity of the chapter as a whole, the 12th verse continues to be put forth as proof that Lucifer was the name of Satan before the fall. Thus Lucifer became another name for Satan and has remained so, owing to popular tradition.
The Hebrew Bible word for the Devil, which was later translated to "Lucifer" in English, is הילל (transliterated HYLL). Though this word, "Heilel", has come to be translated as "morning-star" from the Septuagint's translation of the Scriptures, the letter ה in Hebrew often indicates singularity, much as the English "the," in which case the translation would be ה "the" ילל "yell," or "the wailing yell."
Later, for unknown reasons, Christian demonologists appeared to designate "Satan", "Lucifer", and "Beelzebub" as different entities, each with a different rank in the demonic hierarchy. One hypothesis is that this might have been an attempt to establish a demonic trinity with the same person, akin to the Christian Trinity of Father, Son and the Holy Spirit, but most demonologists do not carry this view.
Cherub in Eden (Ezekiel 28).
Ezekiel 28 is thought by some to be referring metaphorically to Satan, rather than to the king of Babylon.
New Testament.
New Testament references include:
Gospels.
The Devil figures much more prominently in the New Testament and in Christian theology than in the Old Testament and Judaism. The New Testament records numerous accounts of the Devil working against God and his plan. The Temptation of Christ features the Devil, and is described in all three synoptic gospels, (, , and ), although in Mark's gospel he is called Satan. In all three synoptic gospels, (, , and ), Jesus' critics accuse him of gaining his power to cast out demons from Beelzebub, the chief demon (often identified with Satan in mainstream Christendom). In response, Jesus says that a house divided against itself will fall, so, logically speaking, why would the Devil allow one to defeat the Devil's works with his own power?
There are numerous incidences of demonic possession in the New Testament. Satan himself is said to have entered Judas Iscariot before Judas's betrayal. () Jesus encounters those who are possessed and casts out the evil spirit(s). A person may have one demon or multiple demons inhabiting their body. Jesus encountered a man filled with numerous demons in Mark 5:1-20.
Acts and epistles.
The Epistle of Jude makes reference to an incident where the Archangel Michael argued with the Devil over the body of Moses.
Revelation.
According to most Christian eschatology, Satan will wage a final war against Jesus, before being cast into Hell for "aeonios." A few early Church Fathers are known to have prayed for Satan's eventual repentance; it was not generally believed that this would happen. On the other hand, Dispensationalists teach that Jesus returns to earth before the Tribulational period to reclaim the righteous, dead and living, to meet Him in the air (known as the Rapture. Many Fundamentalists believe that immediately following this, the Tribulational period will occur as prophesied in the book of Daniel, while others (especially Seventh-day Adventists) believe that immediately following Jesus' Second Coming, Satan will be bound on this Earth for a thousand years, after which he will be “loosed for a little season”—this is when the battle of Armageddon (the final confrontation between good and evil) will be waged—and Satan and his followers will be destroyed once and for all, the Earth will be cleansed of all evil and there will be “a new Heaven and a new Earth” where sin will reign no more.
Extra-Biblical material.
Some Christian teaching stems from extra-Biblical material, for example the Book of Enoch.
History of Christian teaching.
Gnostics.
In various Gnostic sects, the serpent of Eden was praised as the giver of knowledge, sometimes with references to Lucifer, “the light-bringer,” being created by the goddess Sophia. The serpent is presented as an antinomian figure rebelling against the tyranny of the Archons; in the Nag Hammadi texts, he is even called "the Beast". However, this being is never explicitly referred to as Satan. Like their Cathar ideological descendants, they used the terms "devil" and "demon" to refer to the Judeo-Christian God, whom they called Yaldabaoth.
Middle Ages.
Particularly in the medieval period, Satan was often shown as having horns and a goat's hindquarters (though occasionally with the legs of a chicken or a mule), and with a tail. He was also depicted as carrying a pitchfork, the implement used in Hell to torment the damned, or a trident, deriving from the regalia of the sea-god Poseidon. Occasionally more imaginative depictions were illustrated: Sometimes the Devil was depicted as having faces all of over his body, as in the painting of a Deal with the Devil. Depictions of the Devil covered in boils and scars, animal-like hair, and monstrous deformities were also common. None of these images seem to be based on biblical materials, as Satan's physical appearance is never described in the Bible or any other religious text. Rather, this image is apparently based on pagan Horned Gods, such as Pan, Cernunnos, Molek, Selene and Dionysus, common to many pagan religions. Pan in particular looks very much like the images of the medieval Satan. These images later became the basis for Baphomet, which is portrayed in Eliphas Lévi's 1854 Dogme et rituel de la haute magie (English translation Transcendental Magic, its Doctrine and Ritual). Even some Satanists use Baphomet as the image of Satan in Satanic worship. It has been alleged that this image was chosen specifically to discredit the Horned God.
Cathars.
What is known of the Cathars largely comes in what is preserved by the critics in the Catholic Church which later destroyed them in the Albigensian Crusade. Alain de Lille, c.1195, accused the Cathars of believing in two gods - one of light, one of darkness. Durand de Huesca, responding to a Cathar tract c.1220 indicates that they regarded the physical world as the creation of Satan. A former Italian Cathar turned Dominican, Sacchoni in 1250 testified to the Inquisition that his former co-religionists believed that the devil made the world and everything in it.
The Reformation.
Luther taught the traditional personal devil. Among his teachings was a recommendation of music since "the devil cannot stand gaiety."
Calvin taught the traditional view of the devil as a fallen angel. Calvin repeats the simile of Saint Augustine: "Man is like a horse, with either God or the devil as rider." In interrogation of Servetus who had said that all creation was part of God, Calvin asked what of the devil? Servetus responded "all things are a part and portion of God".
Anabaptists and Dissenters.
David Joris was the first of the Anabaptists to venture that the devil was only an allegory (c.1540), his view found a small but persistent following in the Netherlands. The view was transmitted to England and Joris's booklet was reprinted anonymously in English in 1616, prefiguring a spate of non-literal devil interpretations in the 1640s-1660s: Mede, Bauthumley, Hobbes, Muggleton and the private writings of Isaac Newton. In Germany such ideas surfaced later, c.1700, among writers such as Balthasar Bekker and Christian Thomasius.
However the above views remained very much a minority. Daniel Defoe in his "The Political History of the Devil" (1726) describes such views as a form of "practical atheism". Defoe wrote "that to believe the existence of a God is a debt to nature, and to believe the existence of the Devil is a like debt to reason".
Rudolf Bultmann and modernists.
Rudolf Bultmann taught that Christians need to reject belief in a literal devil as part of first century culture. This line is developed by Walter Wink.
Against this come the works of writers like Jeffrey Burton Russell, a believer in a literal personal fallen being of some kind. In "Lucifer, the Devil in the Middle Ages", the third volume of his five volume history of the devil, Russell argues that such theologians Bultmann, unnamed are missing that the devil is part and parcel of the New Testament from its origins.
Modern Christian teaching by church.
Roman Catholic views.
A number of prayers and practices against the Devil exist within the Roman Catholic tradition. The Lord's Prayer includes a petition for being delivered from Evil, but a number of other specific prayers also exist.
The Prayer to Saint Michael specifically asks for Catholics to be defended "against the wickedness and snares of the devil."
Given that some of the Our Lady of Fatima messages have been linked by the Holy See to the ""end times"", some Catholic authors have concluded that the angel referred to within the Fatima messages is St. Michael the Archangel who defeats the Devil in the War in Heaven. Author Timothy Robertson takes the position that the Consecration of Russia was a step in the eventual defeat of Satan by the Archangel Michael.
The process of exorcism is used within the Catholic Church against the Devil. The Catechism of the Catholic Church states that: ""Jesus performed exorcisms and from him the Church has received the power and office of exorcizing"".
The Catholic Church views the battle against the Devil as ongoing. During a May 24, 1987 visit to the Sanctuary of Saint Michael the Archangel, Pope John Paul II said:
"The battle against the devil, which is the principal task of Saint Michael the archangel, is still being fought today, because the devil is still alive and active in the world. The evil that surrounds us today, the disorders that plague our society, man's inconsistency and brokenness, are not only the results of original sin, but also the result of Satan's pervasive and dark action."
Pope Paul VI expressed concern about the influence of the Devil and in 1972 stated that: ""Satan's smoke has made its way into the Temple of God through some crack"". However, Pope John Paul II viewed the defeat of Satan as inevitable.
Father Gabriele Amorth, the chief exorcist of the Diocese of Rome, warned about ignoring Satan, saying, "Whoever denies Satan also denies sin and no longer understands the actions of Christ". He also said that Satan is active in such current media as the Harry Potter books and films.
The "Catechism of the Catholic Church" states that the Church regards the Devil as being created as a good angel by God, and by his and his fellow fallen angels choice fell out of God's grace. 
Satan is not an infinitely powerful being. Although, he was an angel, and thus pure spirit, he is considered a creature nonetheless. Satan's actions are permitted by divine providence. 395
Eastern Orthodox.
In Eastern Orthodox Christianity, Satan is one of humanity's three enemies, along with sin and death (in some other forms of Christianity the other two enemies of mankind are "the world", and self (or the flesh), which is to be taken as man's natural tendency to sin).
Evangelical Protestants.
Evangelicals agree with the Protestant orthodox of theology that Satan is a real, created being given entirely over to evil and that evil is whatever opposes God or is not willed by God. Evangelicals emphasize the power and involvement of Satan in history in varying degrees; some virtually ignore Satan and others revel in speculation about spiritual warfare against that personal power of darkness
Anglican.
The Anglican tradition of questioning the literal existence of the devil goes back at least to the Rev. Arthur Ashley Sykes (1737) and the Latitudinarians.
Unitarians and Christadelphians.
Some Christian groups and individuals view the devil in Christianity figuratively. They see the devil in the Bible as representing human sin and temptation, and any human system in opposition to God. Early Bible fundamentalist Unitarians and Dissenters like Lardner, Mead, Farmer, Ashdowne and Simpson, and Epps taught that the miraculous healings of the Bible were real, but that the devil was an allegory, and demons just the medical language of the day. Such views today are taught today by Christadelphians and the Church of the Blessed Hope.
Latter-day Saints.
In Mormonism, the devil is a real being, a literal spirit son of God who once had angelic authority, but rebelled and fell prior to the creation of the Earth in a premortal life. At that time, he persuaded a third part of the spirit children of God to rebel with him. This was in opposition to the plan of salvation championed by Jehovah (Jesus Christ). Now the devil tries to persuade mankind into doing evil. Because they have no physical bodies, they can and do attempt to possess the bodies of mortal beings. His goal is to make mankind as miserable as he is. Mankind can overcome this through faith in Jesus Christ and obedience to the Gospel.
Unification Church.
The Unification Church teaches that Satan will be restored in the last days and become a good angel again.
Characteristics.
Teachings about the Devil vary, depending on the local folklore. Still, the characteristics present in the Bible are present in most depictions.
Rebel.
According to the gospels of Matthew (chapter 4) and Luke (chapter 4), the Devil tempted Jesus at the beginning of his ministry. After Jesus fasted forty days and forty nights in the wilderness, the Devil approached Jesus with offers of stones turned to bread, rulership over the kingdoms of the Earth (but with subservience to the Devil himself), and spectacular protection from physical harm. Satan uses the Scripture of the Old Testament to solidify his arguments. This would indicate Satan's full knowledge of all of Scripture and a use of that knowledge to tempt and deceive man (Mat 4). Jesus refused all three temptations, rebuking Satan with his own knowledge of Scripture (Mat 4).
Christianity holds several different views on Christ's role in defeating Satan. Some emphasize Christ's death and resurrection as sealing Satan's fate, so that the Devil is already defeated though not banished. Others emphasize the Devil's final judgment when Christ returns, at which time the terror and deceit of Satan will have no more effect on the world. This is because mankind will face final judgment and the earth will be purged or cleansed with fire. Satan will be bound to the lake of fire (Rev 20) with the Beast, the false prophet and all those whose names are not in the Book of Life. There will no longer be any way for Satan to have an impact on mankind. Sealed in the Lake Of Fire, he will have his own pain and misery like those who had on earth.
Possession.
The Devil and his demons are portrayed as able to possess and control humans. The Roman Catholic Church occasionally performs exorcisms, usually only after medical and psychological evaluations have taken place to rule out a mental or physical ailment.
Black magic.
The Devil has been described as granting spells and magic powers to sorcerers and witches. In Acts of the Apostles 16:16 Saint Paul meets 'a slave girl who had an evil spirit that enabled her to predict the future'. He performs an exorcism using the name of Jesus Christ.
Christian tradition.
Christian tradition differs from that of Christian demonology in that "Satan", "Lucifer", "Leviathan" and "Beelzebub" all are names that refer to ""the Devil"", and "Prince of this World", "The Beast" and "Dragon" (and rarely "Serpent" or "The Old Serpent") used to be elliptic forms to refer to him. "The Enemy", "The Evil One" and "The Tempter" are other elliptic forms to name the Devil. "Belial" is held by many to be another name for the Devil. Christian demonology, in contrast, does not have several nicknames for Satan.
It should be noted that the name "Mephistopheles" is used by some people to refer to the Devil, but it is a mere folkloric custom, and has nothing to do with Christian demonology and Christian tradition. "Prince of Darkness" and "Lord of Darkness" are also folkloric names, although they tend to be incorporated to Christian tradition.
In English, the Devil has a number of epithets, including Old Scratch and Old Nick.
Theological disputes.
Hell.
The belief that Satan is in Hell has its roots in Christian literature rather than in the Bible. The Bible states that he still roams Heaven and Earth. It also states that Satan appeared with other angels "before the Lord," presumably in heaven. When God asked Satan where he had been, Satan replied, "From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it". declares, "Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour". As demonstrated by Dante, Milton, and several other writings, the Devil is commonly thought to be in Hell.
Sinfulness of angels.
Some theologians believe that angels cannot sin because sin brings death and angels cannot die, or because they are spiritual beings that are completely aware of God's will.
Supporting the idea that an angel may sin, Thomas Aquinas, in his "Summa Theologiae", wrote:
"An angel or any other rational creature considered in his own nature, can sin; and to whatever creature it belongs not to sin, such creature has it as a gift of grace, and not from the condition of nature. The reason of this is, because "sinning is nothing else than a deviation from that rectitude which an act ought to have"; whether we speak of sin in nature, art, or morals. That act alone, the rule of which is the very virtue of the agent, can never fall short of rectitude. Were the craftsman's hand the rule itself engraving, he could not engrave the wood otherwise than rightly; but if the rightness of engraving be judged by another rule, then the engraving may be right or faulty." 

</doc>
<doc id="5883257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883257" title="Orsenigo">
Orsenigo

Orsenigo is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5883258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883258" title="Kevin Love (racing driver)">
Kevin Love (racing driver)

Kevin Love, born in Des Moines, Iowa, is a former NASCAR driver. He ran five races in the 2004 Craftsman Truck Series season, all for Fiddleback Racing.
He made his debut in the #67 Fiddleback truck in the spring '04 Martinsville race, starting 30th and finishing 27th at the tough track. In the race, he completed all but two laps, a tough task at the short track. He improved at his next start at Dover, finishing 24th and then again at Memphis, finishing 21st. After a 24th at the Milwaukee Mile, Love finishing a career best 11th at Kansas Speedway. 
Oddly, despite the good final run, Love did not race for the team again and has not been involved with the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series since. He is currently racing Late Models in the NASCAR Weekly Racing Series.
Love's Stats

</doc>
<doc id="5883259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883259" title="St. Joseph's Boys' High School, Newry">
St. Joseph's Boys' High School, Newry

St Joseph's Boys' High School is a secondary school in Newry, Northern Ireland. It was founded in 1958 and is a Roman Catholic maintained school within the Southern Education and Library Board area. The school is on the A28 Armagh Road, on the County Armagh side of the Newry River.

</doc>
<doc id="5883260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883260" title="Marek Muszyński">
Marek Muszyński

Marek Muszyński (born 23 January 1947 in Lublin) is a Polish politician, a member of Law and Justice party. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883261" title="Chen Guangcheng">
Chen Guangcheng

Chen Guangcheng (born 12 November 1971) is a Chinese civil rights activist who worked on human rights issues in rural areas of the People's Republic of China. Blind from an early age and self-taught in the law, Chen is frequently described as a "barefoot lawyer" who advocates for women's rights, land rights, and the welfare of the poor. He is best known for exposing abuses in official family-planning practices, often involving claims of violence and forced abortions.
In 2005, Chen gained international recognition for organising a landmark class-action lawsuit against authorities in Linyi, Shandong province, for the excessive enforcement of the one-child policy. As a result of this lawsuit, Chen was placed under house arrest from September 2005 to March 2006, with a formal arrest in June 2006. During his trial, Chen's attorneys were forbidden access to the court, leaving him without a proper defender. On 24 August 2006, Chen was sentenced to four years and three months for "damaging property and organising a mob to disturb traffic." He was released from prison in 2010 after serving his full sentence, but remained under house arrest or "soft detention" at his home in Dongshigu Village. Chen and his wife were reportedly beaten shortly after a human rights group released a video of their home under intense police surveillance in February 2011.
Chen's case received sustained international attention, with the U.S. State Department, the British Foreign Secretary, Human Rights Watch, and Amnesty International issuing appeals for his release; the latter group designated him a prisoner of conscience. Chen is a 2007 laureate of the Ramon Magsaysay Award and in 2006 was named to the "Time" 100.
In April 2012, Chen escaped his house arrest and fled to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing. After negotiations with the Chinese government, he left the embassy for medical treatment in early May 2012, and it was reported that China would consider allowing him to travel to the United States to study. On 19 May 2012, Chen, his wife, and his two children were granted U.S. visas and departed Beijing for New York City. In October 2013, Chen accepted a position in the conservative research group Witherspoon Institute.
Early life and family.
Chen is the youngest of five brothers of a peasant family from the village of Dongshigu, Yinan County, Shandong Province, approximately from the city of Jinan. When Chen was about six months old, he lost his sight due to a fever that destroyed his optical nerves. In an interview for the "New York Review of Books", Chen said that although his family did not identify with an organized religion, his upbringing was informed by a "traditional belief in virtue that’s present in Chinese culture—that might have some Buddhist content, but not necessarily that one believes in Buddhism." His village was poor, with many families living at a subsistence level. "When I went to school I’d be happy if I just got enough to eat," he recalled.
Chen's father worked as an instructor at a Communist Party school, earning the equivalent of about $60 annually. When Chen was a child, his father would read literary works aloud to him, and reportedly helped impart to his son an appreciation of the values of democracy and freedom. In 1991, Chen's father gave him a copy of "The Law Protecting the Disabled," which elaborated on the legal rights and protections in place for disabled persons in the PRC.
In 1989, at the age of 18, Chen began attending school as a grade one student at the Elementary School for the Blind in Linyi city. In 1994, he enrolled at the Qingdao High School for the Blind, where he studied until 1998. He had already begun developing an interest in law, and would often ask his brothers to read legal texts to him. He earned a position at the Nanjing University of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 1998 but because his family was poor, they had to borrow $340 to cover tuition costs. They still fell short of the required $400 and university authorities reportedly had to be pleaded with before allowing Chen to enroll. He studied in Nanjing from 1998 to 2001, specializing in acupuncture and massage—the only programs available to the blind. Chen also audited legal courses, gaining a sufficient understanding of the law to allow him to aid his fellow villagers when they sought his assistance. After graduation he returned to his home region and found a job as a masseur in the hospital of Yinan County.
Chen met his wife, Yuan Weijing, in 2001, after listening to a radio talk show. Yuan had called into the show to discuss her difficulties in landing a job after graduating from the foreign language department of Shandong's Chemistry Institute. Chen, who listened to the program, later contacted Yuan and relayed his own story of hardship as a blind man living on just 400 Yuan per year. Yuan was moved by the exchange, and later that year, she traveled to Chen's village to meet him. The couple eloped in 2003. Their son, Chen Kerui, was born later that year. In 2005 they had a second child—a daughter named Chen Kesi—in violation of China's one-child policy. Yuan, who had been working as an English teacher at the time of the marriage, left her job in 2003 in order to assist her husband in his legal work.
Activism.
Chen first petitioned authorities in 1996, when he traveled to Beijing to complain about taxes that were incorrectly being levied on his family (people with disabilities, such as Chen, are supposed to be exempt from taxation and fees). The complaint was successful, and Chen began petioning for other individuals with disabilities. With funding from a British foundation, Chen became an outspoken activist for disability rights within the China Law Society. His reputation as a disability rights advocate was solidified when agreed to advocate for an elderly blind couple whose grandchildren suffered from paralysis. The family had been paying all of the regular taxes and fees, but Chen believed that, under the law, the family should have received government assistance and exemption from taxation. When the case went to court, blind citizens from surrounding counties were in attendance as a show of solidarity. The case was successful, and the outcome became well-known.
In 1997, the leaders of Chen's village began implementing a land use plan that gave authorities control over 60 percent of land, which they then rented out at high cost to the villages. The plan, known as the "two-field system," was a major source of enrichment for the local government. While studying in Nanjing the following year, however, Chen learned that the program was illegal, and he petitioned central authorities in Beijing to end the system, thereby irritating local officials.
In 2000, Chen returned from his studies in Nanjing to his village of Dongshigu in an effort to confront environmental pollution. A paper mill constructed in 1988 had been dumping toxic wastewater into the Meng river, destroying crops and harming wildlife. The chemicals also reportedly caused skin and digestive problems among villagers living downstream from the mill. Chen organized villagers in his hometown and 78 other villages to petition against the mill. The effort was successful, and resulted in the suspension of the paper mill. In addition, Chen contacted the British embassy in Beijing, informing them of the situation and requesting funding for a well to supply clean water to locals. The British government responded by providing £15,000 towards a deep water well, irrigation systems and water pipelines.
In March 2004, more than 300 residents from Chen's village of Dongshigu filed a petition to the village government demanding that they release the village accounts—which hadn't been made public for over ten years—and address the issue of illegal land requisitions. When village authorities failed to respond, villagers escalated their appeals to the township, county and municipal governments, still without response. Village authorities then began to publicly threaten villagers. In November 2004, Chen acted on behalf of villagers to file a lawsuit in the Qi'nan County Court against the local Public Security Bureau for negligence. The case was accepted, and proceedings began in early 2005.
In 2005, Chen spent several months surveying residents of Shandong Province, collecting accounts of forced, late-term abortions and forced sterilization of women who stood in violation of China’s one-child policy. His survey was based in Linyi and included surrounding rural suburbs. Chen later recalled that his survey would have been significantly larger in scope were he not limited by a lack of financial resources.
Though Chinese central authorities have sought to curb the coercive enforcement of the one-child policy since 1990 by replacing measures such as forced abortions and sterilizations with a system of financial incentives and fines, Chen found that coercive practices remained widespread, and he documented numerous cases of abuse. One of the women he interviewed in Maxiagou village, 36-year-old Feng Zhongxia, said that local officials detained and beat her relatives, and indicated they would not be released until she turned herself in and submitted to a forced abortion. She said she was later subjected to forced sterilization. Chen also solicited the help of prominent legal scholar Teng Biao, who conducted his own interviews in Linyi. Teng and Chen later released a report claiming that an estimated 130,000 residents in the city had been forced into 'study sessions' for refusing abortions or violating the one-child policy; residents would be held for days or weeks in the study sessions, and were allegedly beaten.
In 2005, Chen filed a class-action lawsuit on behalf of women from Linyi against the city's family planning staff. And in June, he traveled to Beijing to file the complaint and meet with foreign reporters to publicize the case. Although there had been prior instances of Chinese citizens filing complaints about abuses under the one-child policy, Chen’s initiative was the first class-action lawsuit to challenge its implementation.
Although the suit he filed was rejected, the case garnered international media attention. Responding to questions about Chen’s allegation, a senior official with the National Population and Family Planning Commission told the "Washington Post" that the practice of forced abortions and sterilizations was “definitely illegal,” and indicated that the complaints were being investigated. “If the Linyi complaints are true, or even partly true, it's because local officials do not understand the new demands of the Chinese leadership regarding family planning work,” said the official. In September 2005, the Commission announced that several Linyi officials had been detained. But local authorities in Linyi retaliated against Chen, placing him under house arrest in September 2005 and embarking on a campaign to undermine his reputation; the Linyi officials portrayed him as working for "foreign anti-China forces", pointing out that he had received foreign funding for his advocacy on behalf of the disabled.
Detention and trial.
On 7 September 2005, while Chen was in Beijing to publicize his class action lawsuit against the Linyi city family planning staff, he was reportedly abducted by security agents from Linyi and held for 38 hours. Recounting the incident to foreign journalists, Chen said that authorities threatened to levy criminal charges against him for providing state secrets or intelligence to foreign organizations. After Chen refused negotiations with local officials to cease his activism, Linyi authorities placed him under effective house arrest beginning in September 2005. When he attempted to escape in October, he was beaten.
Xinhua, the news agency of the Chinese government, stated that on 5 February 2006, Chen instigated others "to damage and smash cars belonging to the Shuanghou Police Station and the town government" as well as attack local government officials. "Time" reported that witnesses to Chen's protest disputed the government's version of events, and his lawyers argued that it was unlikely he could have committed the crimes due to his constant surveillance by police. Chen was removed from his house in March 2006 and was formally detained in June 2006 by Yinan county officials. He was scheduled to stand trial on 17 July 2006 on charges of destruction of property and assembling a crowd to disrupt traffic, but this was delayed at the request of the prosecution. According to Radio Free Asia and Chinese Human Rights Defenders, the prosecution delayed the trial because a crowd of Chen supporters gathered outside the courthouse. With only a few days' notice, authorities rescheduled Chen's trial for 18 August 2006.
On the eve of his trial, all three of his lawyers, including Xu Zhiyong of the Yitong Law Firm, were detained by Yinan police; two were released after being questioned. Neither Chen's lawyers nor his wife were allowed in the courtroom for the trial. Authorities appointed their own public defender for Chen just before the trial began. The trial lasted only two hours. On 24 August 2006, Chen was sentenced to four years and three months for "damaging property and organizing a mob to disturb traffic".
As a result of Chen's trial, British Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett selected his case for the cover of the British government's 2006 human rights report, stating concern over the handling of Chen's case and calling for the Chinese government "to prove its commitment to building rule of law." A "Globe and Mail" columnist also criticized the verdict, writing that "Even assuming did damage 'doors and windows,' as well as cars, and interrupt traffic for three hours, it is difficult to argue a four-year prison sentence is somehow proportionate to the offence."
On 30 November 2006, Yinan County court upheld Chen's sentence, and on 12 January 2007, the Linyi Intermediate Court in Shandong Province rejected his final appeal. The same court had overturned his original conviction in December 2006, citing lack of evidence. However, Chen was convicted in a second trial on identical charges and given an identical sentence by the Yinan court. Following the trial, Amnesty International declared him to be a prisoner of conscience, "jailed solely for his peaceful activities in defence of human rights".
Illegal house arrest.
After his release from prison in 2010, Chen was placed under house arrest against Chinese law, and was closely monitored by security forces. Legally, he was proclaimed by the government to be a free man, but in reality the local government offered no explanation for the hundreds of unidentified agents monitoring his house and preventing visitors or escape. The national propaganda organ, the "Global Times", expressed confusion over the issue, and suggested that the local government may not know how to handle it, but no disciplinary action was taken at the national level.
He and his wife attempted to communicate with the outside world via video tape and letters. Letters described beatings Chen and his wife were subjected to, seizure of documents and communication devices, cutting off of electric power to their residence, and placing of metal sheets over the windows of their house. Harassment of Chen's family continued throughout his house arrest, and extended to Chen's six-year-old daughter, who was briefly banned from attending school and had her toys confiscated by guards, and to Chen's mother, who was harassed while working in the fields. Authorities reportedly told Chen that they had spent 60 million yuan ($9.5 million) to keep him under house arrest.
In 2011, "The New York Times" reported that a number of supporters and admirers had attempted to penetrate the security monitoring Chen's home, but were unsuccessful. In some instances, his supporters were pummeled, beaten, or robbed by security agents. U.S. Congressman Chris Smith attempted to visit Chen in November 2011, but was not granted permission. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described the U.S. government as "alarmed" by Chen's continued detention and called on China "to embrace a different path". Human Rights Watch described his house arrest as "unlawful" and called on authorities to give Chen his freedom.
In December 2011, actor Christian Bale attempted to visit Chen along with a CNN crew, but was punched, shoved, and denied access by Chinese security guards. Bale later stated that he had wanted "to meet the man, shake his hand and say what an inspiration he is." Video footage also showed Bale and the CNN crew having stones thrown at them, and being pursued in their minivan for more than 40 minutes.
Escape and emigration.
On 22 April 2012, Chen escaped from house arrest. Chen's fellow activist Hu Jia stated that Chen had been planning escape for a long time, and had previously attempted to dig a tunnel for escape. In the weeks leading up to his escape, Chen gave his guards the impression that he was ill in bed, and stopped appearing outside the house, which allowed him several days before any absence would be discovered. Under cover of darkness and with the help of his wife, Chen climbed over the wall around his house, breaking his foot in the process.
When came upon the Meng River, he found it to be guarded, but he crossed anyway and was not stopped; he later stated that he believed the guards had been asleep. Though he recollected his immediate surroundings from his childhood explorations, he eventually passed into less familiar territory; he later told his supporters that he fell more than 200 times during his escape. Communicating with a network of activists via a cell phone, he reached a pre-determined rendezvous point where He Peirong, an English teacher and activist, was waiting for him. A chain of human rights activists then escorted him to Beijing. Several of the activists reported to be involved were detained or disappeared in the days following the announcement of Chen's escape.
Chen was given refuge at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, though the Embassy initially declined to confirm or deny reports that they were sheltering him. The Embassy later said they had accepted Chen on humanitarian grounds and offered him medical assistance. On 27 April, Chen appeared in an internet video in which he expressed his concern that the authorities would carry out "insane retribution" on his family and made three demands of Premier Wen Jiabao: 1) that local officials who allegedly assaulted his family be prosecuted; 2) that his family's safety be guaranteed; and 3) that the Chinese government prosecute corruption cases under the law.
"The New York Times" described the situation as a "diplomatic quandary" at a time when the U.S. was seeking to improve relations with China and seeks its support with respect to crises in Iran, Sudan, Syria, and North Korea. BBC News described Chen's escape as coming at "an unwelcome time for China's leaders," who were still dealing with a high-profile corruption scandal that resulted in the removal of politburo member Bo Xilai. Within twenty-four hours, Chen's name as well as the phrases "CGC" and "the blind man" had been blocked by Chinese online censors in an effort to quell Internet discussion of the case. On the day Chen announced his escape, Chinese state media did not carry "a single line of news" referring to it. "The New York Times" wrote that news of the escape "electrified China’s rights activists".
Negotiations and exit from U.S. embassy.
Kurt M. Campbell, an assistant secretary of state, quietly arrived in Beijing on 29 April for negotiations with representatives of China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. After several days of media speculation as to his whereabouts, Chen was confirmed on 2 May to have been under U.S diplomatic protection at the Embassy. According to embassy representatives, the agreement brokered with Chinese authorities provided that Chen would be freed from soft detention, relocated, and be permitted to finish his legal education at one of several law schools in China. Chinese officials also promised to investigate "extra-legal activities" taken by Shandong province authorities against Chen and his family. Chen left the embassy of his own accord on 2 May, was reunited with his family, and admitted to Beijing's Chaoyang Hospital for medical treatment.
During the initial negotiations in the U.S. embassy, Chen did not request asylum in the United States or considered leaving China, but instead demanded to remain there as a free man. However, soon after leaving the embassy, Chen feared that Chinese authorities would renege on their promises or take punitive actions against his family members. While in the hospital, Chinese security personnel barred U.S. diplomatic staff from meeting with him. Rumors emerged that Chinese officials had coerced Chen into leaving the embassy by threatening his family. U.S. negotiators stated that while in the embassy, Chen had been told by Chinese officials that if he sought asylum in the United States, his wife and daughter would likely remain under house arrest in Shandong. However, they maintained that they had not heard of the threats from local officials that his family would be beaten, and that they had not communicated such a message to Chen. On 3 May, Chen clarified to the BBC that he had become aware of the threats against his family after leaving the embassy, and at that point changed his mind about wishing to stay in China.
On 2 May, a spokesperson of China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs demanded that the U.S. apologize for the Chen incident, investigate its acts and never interfere in China's domestic matters in such a way again. In an editorial on 4 May, "Beijing Daily" described Chen as "a tool and a pawn for American politicians to blacken China". The daily also accused US Ambassador Gary Locke of stirring up trouble by sheltering Chen, and questioned Locke's motives.
On 4 May, after Chen made clear his desire to leave China for the United States, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson indicated that, if he wished to study abroad, he could "apply through normal channels to the relevant departments in accordance with the law, just like any other Chinese citizen." On the same day, Chen was offered a visiting scholar position at New York University. On 19 May, Chen, his wife, and his two children, having been granted U.S. visas, departed Beijing on a commercial flight for Newark, New Jersey.
Treatment of family and associates.
While Chen was living under house arrest, several of his family members also reportedly faced harassment and confinement by authorities. His elderly mother, Wang Jinxiang, recalled being continuously followed by three security agents. The BBC reported in May 2012 that she remained under house arrest. Before leaving China in the spring of 2012, Chen expressed concern that his relatives and other activists who had helped him evade capture would be punished by Chinese officials after his departure.
On 27 April 2012, soon after Chen escaped house arrest, plainclothes security agents forced entry into the home of his eldest brother, Chen Guangfu. Believing that the elder brother had information on Chen's escape, police took him to a police station for interrogation, and reportedly chained his feet, slapped him, and struck him with a belt. Police officers then allegedly returned to the family's home and proceeded to beat Guangfu's wife and son. His son, Chen Kegui, pulled a knife and slashed at three of the officers, causing minor injuries. He was taken into custody and faces criminal charges for attempted murder. On 24 May, it was reported that Chen Guangfu had escaped to Beijing from his guarded village to advocate on behalf of his son. In November 2012, Chen Kegui was sentenced to more than three years in prison.
On 4 November 2013, Chen Guangfu said he would fly to New York City with his mother two days later for a reunion with his brother Chen Guangcheng.
In the United States.
Following his arrival in the U.S., Chen, his wife, and the couple's two children settled in a housing complex for students and faculty of New York University, located in Greenwich Village. He reportedly began studying English for two hours per day, in addition to having regular meetings with American legal scholars. Chen is in the process of authoring a memoir, which is expected to be published in late 2013.
On May 29, 2012, Chen published an editorial in the "New York Times" criticizing the Chinese government and the Communist Party for the "lawless punishment inflicted on (himself) and (his) family over the past seven years." He said that "those who handled my case were able to openly flout the nation’s laws in many ways for many years." In an April 2013 testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Chen said that Chinese authorities had failed to deliver on promises to investigate allegations of mistreatment against him and his family. Chen issued a statement in June saying NYU is forcing him to leave at the end of June because of pressure from the Chinese government. This claim was denied by the university, as well as by professor Jerome A. Cohen, Chen's mentor who arranged for his placement at NYU. Chen's close association with conservative Christian and pro-life figures since coming to the United States, including representative Chris Smith, pastor Bob Fu, and media consultant Mark Corallo, has concerned old supporters like Cohen.
In October 2013, Chen accepted an offer from the Witherspoon Institute in Princeton, New Jersey, which opposes abortion and gay marriage. Chen will serve as Distinguished Senior Fellow in Human Rights at the Witherspoon Institute, as well as Visiting Fellow of the Institute for Policy Research and Catholic Studies at the Catholic University of America and Senior Distinguished Advisor to the Lantos Foundation for Human Rights and Justice.
On October 16th, 2013, Chen made his first public appearance in his role as a Distinguished Senior Fellow at the Witherspoon Institute. He delivered a public lecture at Princeton University entitled "China and the World in the 21st Century: The Next Human Rights Revolution," which was co-sponsored by the Witherspoon Institute and the James Madison Program in American Ideals and Institutions. The text of Chen's speech, translated into English, was then published online. In the speech, Chen called on the American people to support the Chinese people by fighting against the oppressive Communist government of China. He reminded the audience that even small actions undertaken in defense of human rights can have a large impact, because “Every person has infinite strength. Every action has an important impact. We must believe in the value of our own actions.”
Awards and recognition.
Chen began attracting international media attention for his civil rights activism in the early 2000s. In March 2002, Newsweek magazine ran a cover story on Chen and the "barefoot lawyer" movement in China, detailing his advocacy on behalf of villagers and the disabled. His profile rose further in 2005 when he filed a landmark class-action suit taking on abuses of the one-child policy. In 2007, Chen Guangcheng was named one of the "Time" 100, "Time"'s annual list of "100 men and women whose power, talent or moral example is transforming our world". The citation stated, "He may have lost his sight as a child, but Chen Guangcheng's legal vision has helped illuminate the plight of thousands of Chinese villagers."
Later that year, Chen won the Ramon Magsaysay Award while still in detention. The award, often called the "Asian Nobel Prize", was bestowed for "his irrepressible passion for justice in leading ordinary Chinese citizens to assert their legitimate rights under the law". According to AIDS activist Hu Jia, Chen's wife Yuan Weijing attempted to attend the Magsaysay Award ceremony on her husband's behalf, her passport was revoked and her mobile phone was confiscated by Chinese authorities at Beijing Capital International Airport.
The National Endowment for Democracy honored Chen with the 2008 Democracy Award. Chen was one of seven Chinese lawyers and civil rights activists to be named as recipients of the award.
In 2012, Chen was chosen as the recipient of the Human Rights Award from the New York-based NGO Human Rights First. In explaining the choice, the organization's president Elisa Massimino stated, "Mr. Chen's activism has reignited an international conversation about the need to protect human rights lawyers around the world who face great danger for their courageous work."

</doc>
<doc id="5883269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883269" title="Maria Nowak (politician)">
Maria Nowak (politician)

Maria Nowak (born March 31, 1950 in Chorzów) is a Polish politician. She was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 9866 votes in 31 Katowice district, candidating from Law and Justice list.
She was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883273" title="Ryszard Nowak">
Ryszard Nowak

Ryszard Nowak (born 12 September 1962 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice party. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883275" title="AP Latin">
AP Latin

Advanced Placement Latin (known also as AP Latin), formerly Advanced Placement Latin: Vergil, is an examination in Latin literature offered by the College Board's Advanced Placement Program. Prior to the 2012–2013 academic year, the course focused on poetry selections from the "Aeneid", written by Augustan author Publius Vergilius Maro, also known as Vergil or Virgil. However, in the 2012–2013 year, the College Board changed the content of the course to include not only poetry, but also prose. The modified course consists of both selections from Vergil and selections from "Commentaries on the Gallic War", written by prose author Gaius Julius Caesar. Also included in the new curriculum is an increased focus on sight reading. The student taking the exam will not necessarily have been exposed to the specific reading passage that appears on this portion of the exam. The College Board suggests that a curriculum include practice with sight reading. The exam is administered in May and is three hours long, consisting of a one hour multiple-choice section and a two hour free-response section.
Material Previously Tested.
The AP Latin: Vergil exam was based upon Vergil's "Aeneid".
Students were expected to be familiar with the following 1,856 lines of the "Aeneid":
Students were also expected to be familiar with the total content of Books 1 through 12.
Abilities tested.
The exam tests students' abilities to:
Reading and translation.
Critical appreciation of the "Aeneid" as poetry implies the ability to translate literally, to analyze, to interpret, to read aloud with attention to pauses and phrasing, and to scan the dactylic hexameter verse. Students should be given extensive practice in reading at sight and in translating literally so that their translations not only are accurate and precise, but also make sense in English.
The instructions for the translation questions, "translate as literally as possible," call for a translation that is accurate and precise. In some cases an idiom may be translated in a way that makes sense in English but is rather loose compared to the Latin. In general, however, students are reminded that:
Exam.
The three hour exam consists of a one hour multiple-choice section and a two hour free-response section that includes fifteen minutes of reading time and one hour forty-five minutes of writing time. The multiple choice section includes approximately fifty questions that relate to four passages: three read at sight and one from the syllabus. The multiple choice questions test the many skills learned and practiced throughout the year, including:
The free-response section includes translation, analysis, and interpretation of the Latin text from the syllabus. The format is as follows:
Course Revisions for the 2012–2013 Year.
For the 2012–2013 academic year, the College Board announced that it has made revisions to its AP Latin curriculum. In general, the College Board announced new goals in the curriculum. These include:
Instead of solely focusing on Vergil's "Aeneid", the curriculum will now include both prose and poetry, including selections from Julius Caesar's "Commentaries on the Gallic War". The new required reading list, including revisions to the number of lines required from the "Aeneid", is:
Vergil's "Aeneid"
Caesar's "Gallic War"
Also, there is a change to the required readings in English. The new list from the "Aeneid" is books 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 12, instead of all twelve books, as was previously required. The new required reading list in English from the "Gallic War" is books 1, 6, and 7. Also in the revised curriculum there is also a newly placed emphasis on sight reading. The College Board announced that the exam will include Latin passages not on the required readings lists in an effort to enhance students' ability to read at sight. Recommended authors for prose include (inexhaustively): Nepos, Cicero (though not his letters), Livy, Pliny the Younger, and Seneca the Younger, rather than authors such as Tacitus or Sallust. For poetry, recommended authors (inexhaustively) include: Ovid, Martial, Tibullus, and Catullus, rather than poets such as Horace, Juvenal, or Lucan. For practice with sight reading in both poetry and prose, the College Board recommends additional Latin passages in the "Aeneid" and "Gallic War" that are not included in the required reading list.
The free-response section includes translation, analysis, and interpretation of the Latin text from the syllabus. The format is as follows:
Grade distribution.
In the 2010 administration, 6,523 students took the exam, and 4,114 passed (3 or higher), or about 63.1%. In the 2011 administration, 6,044 students took the exam, and 3,861 passed (3 or higher), or about 63.9%. In the 2012 administration, 18,161 students took the exam, and 11,244 passed (3 or higher), or about 61.9%. 
In the 2013 administration of the redesigned exam, 6,667 students took the exam, and 4,442 passed (3 or higher), or about 66.6%. 
The grade distributions for 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013 were:

</doc>
<doc id="5883280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883280" title="Bolesław Piecha">
Bolesław Piecha

Bolesław Piecha (born September 19, 1954 in Rybnik) is a Polish politician. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 23887 votes in 30 Rybnik district, candidating from Law and Justice list. He was vice-minister of health.
He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005. Test
On occasion of limiting access of children to hospices, Piecha is known to explain "Children palliative care - ed. with non-oncological diseases are not going to die within a reasonable period of time [!!!-ed.]. They will live for many years and require palliative care." 

</doc>
<doc id="5883283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883283" title="Jacek Sauk">
Jacek Sauk

Jacek Sauk {born July 21, 1944 in Vilnius) is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice party. He was a member of Polish Sejm from 2001 to 2005 and Polish Senate from 1997 to 2001 and from 2005 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5883286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883286" title="Wojciech Szarama">
Wojciech Szarama

Wojciech Szarama (born December 16, 1955 in Bytom) is a Polish politician. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 9280 votes in 29 Gliwice district, candidating from Law and Justice list.
He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883292" title="Aleksander Szczygło">
Aleksander Szczygło

Aleksander Marek Szczygło (27 October 1963 – 10 April 2010) was a Polish politician. He was first elected to Polish parliament Sejm in 2001 and subsequently reelected on 25 September 2005 with 19,006 votes in 35th electoral district (Olsztyn). Both times he was a candidate of the Law and Justice party.
From 7 February 2007 until 16 November 2007 he was Minister of National Defence in the cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński. 
From 15 January 2009 until his death he was the chief of the National Security Bureau.
He was listed on the flight manifest of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński which crashed near Smolensk-North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk, Russia, on 10 April 2010, killing all aboard.
In 2010, Szczygło was posthumously awarded the Commander's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta. He had previously been awarded the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary in 2009 and the Ukrainian Order of Merit 2nd Class.
__NOTOC__
Scholarly Articles And Publications.
Historical propaganda in Russia

</doc>
<doc id="5883297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883297" title="Bartłomiej Szrajber">
Bartłomiej Szrajber

Bartłomiej Szrajber (born 27 May 1954 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice party. He was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883300" title="Los Simuladores">
Los Simuladores

Los Simuladores ("The Pretenders") is an Argentine television series about a small team of con artists for hire, who use their skills to solve common people's life problems. The show ran for two seasons, from 2002 to 2003. It was very popular and highly acclaimed, winning a Golden Martín Fierro Award. A number of remakes have been produced for various markets worldwide. There are also plans to release a film based on the series.
The original series was produced and aired by the Argentine network Telefé, and ran for two 13-episode seasons in 2002 and 2003. The series is occasionally shown in reruns on Telefé. Remakes were soon produced in Chile and in Spain (the latter produced by Cuatro), using some of the same actors and production members. Another remake was made in Russia. Since 2008, Sony Pictures Television International has produced a remake for Mexican television network Televisa; as of late 2010, early production is starting on a third season, in which Salma Hayek is scheduled to appear.
Plot.
The premise of the series centers on a team of four associates who ran a "simulation" business, solving the problems and needs of their clients by staging "simulacros" ("simulations", or confidence tricks) aimed at confusing whoever is giving their clients a problem (bosses, criminals, spouses, unscrupulous businessmen, etc.), thus helping the client come on top of the situation. The price the team charges for its services was exactly twice the cost of the simulation, as well as the client's promise to participate in future simulations (this led to characters who appeared in previous episodes re-appearing in later episodes as secondary actors and helpers for the team, giving the show a degree of continuity). The underlying philosophy used by the team was that sometimes what's legal is not fair, and sometimes what's fair is not legal.
In the second season of the show, a second "Simuladores" team was introduced. This group, known as the "B-Team" and composed of former clients of the original team (who had appeared on Season 1), had been created to take over "smaller" cases and free the original team for larger and more demanding assignments.
The show is influenced by the literature work "Los Arboles Mueren de Pie", by Alejandro Casona. This show shared elements with American 80s series like "Stingray", "The A-Team", "Vengeance Unlimited" and "The Equalizer".
Cast and description of characters.
D'Elía, Seefeld, Peretti, and Fiore met while making an old action series, "Poliladron" in the mid-90's. Diego Peretti is a psychiatrist in real life. The actor who plays Feller, Jorge D'Elía, is in real life Federico D'Elía's (Santos) father. Santos is played by the same actor in the Argentine and Spanish versions.
Most of the characters' last names are from people known by Damian Szifron (producer), in most cases from his childhood in Ramos Mejía. "El asistente" ("The assistant"), is the member of the B-Team that does not have a name. However, in the episodes "Fuera de cálculo" and "La Brigada B", this character's last name is revealed to be "Gaona".
On the remakes of the show in other countries sometimes the names of the main characters are conserved. 
When "Los Simuladores" are summoned by Santos, their cell phones ring like the show's opening theme, the tango "Cité Tango" (originally by Ástor Piazzolla, but the show uses the version by Gotan Project as soundtrack).

</doc>
<doc id="5883304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883304" title="Elżbieta Więcławska-Sauk">
Elżbieta Więcławska-Sauk

Elżbieta Więcławska-Sauk is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice party. She was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883311" title="Elżbieta Kruk">
Elżbieta Kruk

Elżbieta Kruk (born November 19, 1959 in Lublin) is a Polish politician, a member of Law and Justice (national conservative political party in Poland). She was elected to Sejm on September 25, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5883320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883320" title="Alternobaric vertigo">
Alternobaric vertigo

In aviation and underwater diving, alternobaric vertigo is dizziness resulting from unequal pressures being exerted between the ears due to one Eustachian tube being less patent than the other. 
Causes.
This might have occurred due to barotrauma of descent, and/or the effects of nasal decongestants. It is due to unequal increase in middle ear pressures on ascent, is usually mild, and most often cleared by further ascent. When the pressures in both ears reach ambient levels, the stimulus for the dizziness stops. Although most often mild, the vertigo can persist until the diver reaches the surface continuing the unequal pressures, which can damage the inner ear or ear drum. 
Alternobaric vertigo is most pronounced when the diver is in the vertical position; the spinning is towards the ear with the higher pressure and tends to develop when the pressures differ by 60 cm of water or more. Ear clearing may be a remedy. A similar vertigo can also occur as a result of unequal heating stimulation of one inner ear labyrinth over the other due to diving in a prone position in cold water - the undermost ear being stimulated.

</doc>
<doc id="5883325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883325" title="Kenneth Mason (geographer)">
Kenneth Mason (geographer)

Kenneth Mason MC (10 September 1887 – 2 June 1976) was a soldier and geographer notable as the first statutory professor of Geography at the University of Oxford. His work surveying the Himalayas was rewarded in 1927 with a Royal Geographic Society Founder's Medal, the citation reading "for his connection between the of surveys of India and Russian Turkestan, and his leadership of the Shakshagam Expedition".
Personal life.
Kenneth Mason was born at Sutton, Surrey, the son of timber broker Stanley Engledue Mason and his wife Ellen Martin Turner. As a schoolboy, it was a book, "Heart of a Continent" by Francis Younghusband, that was to inspire Mason to take up geography and to survey India and the Himalayas when he grew older.
Educated first at Cheltenham College and then the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Mason was
commissioned in the Royal Engineers. There, he helped to pioneer stereoscopic photographic techniques that were to revolutionise cartography using aerial and land-based photography.
In 1909, Mason sailed for Karachi and was posted to the Survey of India. 1910-1912 saw him engaged on triangulation in Kashmir, where he learned climbing techniques, taught himself to ski and went on to make a stereographic land survey.
He married Dorothy Helen Robinson in 1917 and they had two sons and one daughter.
Mason was devoted to the Drapers' Company and became its Master in 1949.
Military service.
In 1914, Mason's First World War service took him to France (the Neuve Chapelle sector and Loos) before, in January 1916, he landed at Basra, Iraq. In action connected to the relief of Kut, he led a night march to the flank of the Dujailah redoubt, and was subsequently awarded the Military Cross. He entered Baghdad as Intelligence Officer with the Black Watch. He was promoted to Brevet-Major and three times mentioned in dispatches. Following the Armistice he was the first to take cars across the Syrian desert.
Professional Cartographer.
Mason returned to India after the First World War and began preparing for his most important scientific project, the exploration of the Shaksgam Valley, in 1926. At that time the only westerner to see the valley had been Younghusband. Now Mason began its survey using a photo-theodolite and stereographic techniques, laboriously collecting great quantities of data. His results, plotted in Switzerland using what, at the time, was the world's most advanced stereo plotting machine, were acclaimed as brilliantly successful, winning him the award of the 1927 Royal Geographic Society Founder's Medal.
He was elected as the first statutory professor of Geography at the University of Oxford in 1932, becoming a Fellow of Hertford College. His academic work, linked to the Himalayan Journal which he had founded in 1929, addressed the challenge of naming ranges in the Karakoram region. He retired from his Chair in 1953 after a career that included directing the Oxford team of a group of academics involved in producing the British "Naval Intelligence Division Geographical Handbook Series" between 1941 and 1946. Together with a team in Cambridge, over fifty volumes were produced. These were devoted to the geography of countries engaged in military operations during the Second World War.
Works.
"Abode of Snow", Professor Kenneth Mason, 1955

</doc>
<doc id="5883330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883330" title="Embassy Theatre (Lewistown, Pennsylvania)">
Embassy Theatre (Lewistown, Pennsylvania)

The Embassy Theatre is a historic theatre building located on South Main Street in Lewistown, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. It is a 1927 motion picture / vaudeville theatre, and is an excellent surviving example of theatre architecture of the 1920s. The original National Theatre building was built in 1916, and gutted in 1927 to be rebuilt as the Embassy. The front facade features eclectic Colonial Revival details. It has a rectangular marquee measuring 33 feet, 6 inches, by 10 feet, 6 inches, overall. The theatre closed in 1981, and is currently non operational and is undergoing restoration.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5883335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883335" title="Progressive Episcopalians of Pittsburgh">
Progressive Episcopalians of Pittsburgh

Progressive Episcopalians of Pittsburgh (PEP), a member of the Via Media USA alliance, is a group of laypersons and clergy in the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh that represents the interests of moderate to liberal churches and individuals within the diocese. The group has essentially served as the center-left opposition to Bishop Robert Duncan.
Founded initially to oppose several resolutions at a diocesan convention, the group has grown in size and scope. Its members were instrumental in the formation of Via Media USA, and have often spoken for liberals throughout the church in the national media.
PEP has had several prominent members:

</doc>
<doc id="5883339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883339" title="Hydatid of Morgagni">
Hydatid of Morgagni

The Hydatid of Morgagni can refer to one of two closely related structures:

</doc>
<doc id="5883340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883340" title="Mary Szybist">
Mary Szybist

Mary Szybist is an American poet. She grew up in Pennsylvania, earned her B.A. and M.T. (Master of Teaching) from the University of Virginia, and attended the Iowa Writers' Workshop, where she was a Teaching-Writing Fellow.
Szybist's "Incarnadine" (Graywolf Press, 2013) was the recipient of the 2013 National Book Award for Poetry, and her collection "Granted" (Alice James Books, 2003) won the 2003 Beatrice Hawley Award from Alice James Books and the 2004 Great Lakes Colleges Association New Writers Award, and was a finalist for the 2004 National Book Critics Circle Award in Poetry. In a feature on NBCCA poetry finalists, the "Christian Science Monitor" wrote: "...with her intelligence and understated grace, Szybist may become one of the best-known writers of her generation."
Szybist's poetry has appeared in "Denver Quarterly, Colorado Review, AGNI," "Virginia Quarterly Review, The Iowa Review, Poetry, Tin House," and "The Kenyon Review," and "The Best American Poetry 2008."
Szybist is an assistant professor of English at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, Oregon, and a faculty member at the Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers. She also has taught at Kenyon College, the University of Iowa, the Tennessee Governor’s School for Humanities, the University of Virginia’s Young Writers’ Workshop, and West High School in Iowa City.

</doc>
<doc id="5883341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883341" title="Dasheri">
Dasheri

Dasheri is a variety of mango grown in different parts of North India, Nepal and Pakistan.
In 18th century, the Dasheri mango first appeared in the gardens of Nawab of Lucknow. Since then numbers of Dasheri plants have been produced and planted throughout India.
People from village Dasheri near Kakori, Uttar Pradesh believe that they have the mother plant of Dasheri mango which gave this variety of mango same name. 
Malihabad, Uttar Pradesh is the largest producer of Dasheri mango.
Also grown in the state of Andhra Pradesh
History.
The Original mango tree (of Dasehri) originated in the gardens of Mr.(Late) Syed Mohammed Anser Zaidi, situated in Village Dasehri, Block Kakori, Dist. Lukcnow. The gardens are still owned by the family of Mohammed Anser.

</doc>
<doc id="5883352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883352" title="Anna Kurska">
Anna Kurska

Anna Kurska (born August 24, 1929 in Lviv) is a Polish politician, member of Law and Justice (Law and Justice) party. She was a member of Polish Senate from 2001 to 2007.
She is the mother of a politician Jacek Kurski and a journalist Jarosław Kurski.

</doc>
<doc id="5883354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883354" title="Trueblood">
Trueblood

Trueblood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883363" title="Oregon Ducks football">
Oregon Ducks football

The Oregon Ducks football program is the intercollegiate football team for the University of Oregon located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The team is currently coached by Mark Helfrich and competes at the NCAA Division I level in the FBS and is a member of the PAC-12 Conference. Known as the Ducks, the team was commonly called the Webfoots until the mid-1960s, and the first football team was fielded in 1894. As a graduate of Oregon and a letterman in track, Phil Knight, who co-founded the Nike brand, donates significantly to the university's athletics programs. Oregon plays its home games at the 54,000 seat Autzen Stadium in Eugene, and its main rivals are the Oregon State Beavers and the Washington Huskies. The Ducks and Beavers historically end each regular season with the Civil War rivalry game in late November.
History.
Early years.
Beginning.
The football program began in 1893 and played its first game on March 24, 1894, defeating Albany College 44–2 under head coach Cal Young. Cal Young left after that first game and J.A. Church took over the coaching position in the fall for the rest of the season. Oregon finished the season with two additional losses and a tie, but went undefeated the following season, winning all four of its games under head coach Percy Benson. In 1899, the football team left the state for the first time, playing the California Golden Bears in Berkeley, California. Oregon's largest margin of victory came in 1910 when they defeated the University of Puget Sound 115–0.
Bezdek era.
Oregon changed coaches frequently during this era, going through sixteen different head coaches in nineteen seasons, until Hugo Bezdek, who had coached the Webfoots to a 5–0–1 record in 1906, returned to Oregon from the University of Arkansas in 1913. Bezdek, Oregon's first truly professional coach, led the team from 1913 through 1917. A versatile motivator of athletes, during his tenure Bezdek was also the West Coast scout for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
In the 1916 season, Oregon went undefeated with seven wins and one tie under head coach Hugo Bezdek, shutting out all their opponents except California. They opened the season against Willamette University, defeating them 97–0. The game against Washington ended in a 0–0 tie. The tiebreaker for the Pacific Coast Conference title went to Washington, due to Oregon's use of an ineligible player but Oregon was given the invitation to the 1917 Rose Bowl, then known as the Tournament East-West Football Game at Tournament Park due to the cost of a train ticket to Los Angeles being significantly less from Eugene than from Seattle. The Oregon football team defeated the heavily favored University of Pennsylvania Quakers 14–0, securing their first Rose Bowl victory.
In 1918 Bezdek quit Oregon to become general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates. He was succeeded by Shy Huntington, one of the heroes of the 1917 Rose Bowl.
Playing at a new field.
Playing at newly constructed Hayward Field, which would be their home stadium in Eugene until 1967, the Webfoots again tied Washington for the Pacific Coast Conference title in 1919, winning the tiebreaker based on their 24–13 victory over the Huskies in Seattle. Oregon lost the 1920 Rose Bowl to Harvard University, 7–6. This would be the team's last bowl appearance until the 1948 Cotton Bowl.
1926–1946: New coaches.
McEwan-Spears era.
In the late 1920s and early 1930s, Oregon made the first attempts to establish a nationally prominent football program by luring established Eastern coaches west, first John "Cap" McEwan in 1926 from Army, then Clarence "Doc" Spears from Minnesota in 1930. Both coaches achieved moderate success, but neither outlasted his contracted term: McEwan resigned amid a contract dispute, and Spears, hired under a five-year contract, left Oregon after two seasons to return to the Western Conference at Wisconsin.
Callison era.
Prince G. "Prink” Callison, Oregon native, alumnus, former player and coach of the freshman team, took over from Spears in 1932. Behind standout back Mike Mikulak and a smothering defense (50 points allowed, five shutouts), Callison led the 1933 Webfoots to a 9–1 mark and Pacific Coast Conference co-championship, with the only loss to USC. This record would stand as the best in school history until 2001.
Oliver era.
After the homegrown Callison retired in 1937, Oregon again hired a working head coach, pulling Gerald “Tex” Oliver from Arizona. Oliver coached until World War II, when he took a leave of absence to serve as a naval officer; Oregon basketball coach John Warren served as interim head football coach in 1942, posting a 2-6 record, after which the school shut down the football program for the duration of the war.
Oliver returned as head coach after the war, eventually posting a mediocre 23–28–3 cumulative record. His 71–7 loss at Texas in 1941 on the day before the attack on Pearl Harbor stands as the most points allowed by any Oregon team, and the second largest margin of defeat. Oliver, in 1945, is the only coach to see his team lose twice to Oregon State in the same season. In October 1946, Oliver abruptly resigned as Oregon's head coach, expressing dissatisfaction with the level of support shown by the administration for the football program.
Aiken era (1947–1950).
Oliver was replaced by another working head coach, Jim Aiken of Nevada. Aiken had immediate success with the team he inherited, which like many post-war squads, was peppered with war veterans including Brad Ecklund, Jake Leicht and Norm Van Brocklin, and transfers George Bell, Woodley Lewis and John McKay. Oregon’s 1948 team went 9–1 in the regular season and tied with California for the PCC championship; the teams did not meet on the field that season and in a secret ballot by the conference presidents, Cal was awarded the 1949 Rose Bowl bid. In a bid to sooth hurt feelings, the conference broke tradition and allowed the Webfoots to play in a post-season contest other than the Rose Bowl. Oregon’s Cotton Bowl game that season (a 21–13 loss to SMU with Doak Walker) was the team’s only bowl appearance between the 1920 and 1958 Rose Bowls.
Aiken couldn’t maintain his success with younger players. By his fourth season, the Ducks were one of the nation’s worst major college teams, posting a 1–9 record in 1950, still the lowest winning percentage in school history as of 2011. Aiken resigned amid allegations of recruiting and practice violations in early 1951.
Casanova era (1951–1966).
Once again, Oregon found a working major college coach to take over its program, hiring Len Casanova from the University of Pittsburgh after Aiken's resignation. Casanova gradually rebuilt the program, and eventually led the Ducks to a winning record in 1954. The Ducks played in the earliest nationally-televised college football game in 1953, against Nebraska in Portland, winning 20–12.
In the 1957 season Oregon tied Oregon State for the conference title, but earned the Rose Bowl bid because of the conference no-repeat rule. The Webfoots lost 10–7 to the heavily favored and number one ranked Ohio State University in the 1958 Rose Bowl. Braven Dyer of the Los Angeles Times, who had picked Ohio State to win by a 48–14 score, said:
“The score of 10–7 was a complete moral victory for the underdog Ducks from Eugene who had been doped to lose by three touchdowns. They lost, but at day’s end there weren’t many fans who were willing to concede that the better team had won." ” Vincent X. Flaherty, writing in the San Francisco Examiner, said: “Len Casanova undoubtedly performed the greatest coaching feat of the season for the Rose Bowl classic...there couldn’t have been a bowl team anywhere in America
yesterday that dazzled with more spectacular finesse.”
Casanova led the Ducks to two more bowl appearances, in the Liberty Bowl (1960 vs Penn State) and the Sun Bowl (1963 vs Southern Methodist), before becoming the second athletic director for the University of Oregon in January 1967, replacing Leo Harris. Future NFL Hall of Fame members Mel Renfro and Dave Wilcox were players under his tutelage. Many of his assistant coaches such as George Seifert, John McKay, and John Robinson went on to have their own successful head coaching careers. His career record of 82–73–8 marked the highest number of wins recorded by a head coach at the university at that time. The Len Casanova Center, Oregon's athletic department headquarters near Autzen Stadium, is named in his honor.
Frei era (1967–1971).
Assistant coach Jerry Frei became head coach after Len Casanova moved on to athletic director in 1967, the year Oregon moved its home football games to the newly constructed Autzen Stadium. Although his teams were never selected for a bowl game, and he ended his Oregon career with a losing record, he coached several players who went on to NFL stardom, including Hall of Fame member Dan Fouts and All-Pro wide receiver Ahmad Rashad. In 1970, he coached the Ducks to an improbable comeback at UCLA, scoring 20 points in the final four minutes of the game to beat UCLA 41–40. However, Frei was unable to defeat arch-rival Oregon State, and after the 1971 loss some influential boosters reportedly were demanding that he make significant changes to his coaching staff.
On January 18, 1972, Frei resigned as head coach, citing disagreements with university boosters and athletic director Norv Ritchey. Following his resignation, the student body president at the time, as well as numerous published letters to the editor of the Register Guard voiced their support of Frei.
Enright-Read era (1972-1976).
After an exhaustive search that included interviews with several established head coaches, Frei’s offensive line coach, Dick Enright, was elevated to head coach for the 1972 season. Enright was the least experienced candidate for the position, having been a high school coach until 1970, and he struggled to maintain team discipline and consistent play. Enright famously tried to make an option quarterback out of Dan Fouts, who was not a runner. Although his 1972 team did beat Oregon State for the first time in nine seasons, Enright’s teams only won six games in two seasons. After complaining to the media about what he considered sub-standard conditions of football facilities, he was fired after the 1973 season, replaced by Don Read, his quarterback coach.
Although he possessed a great offensive mind, Read was unable to field a competitive team in his first job as a major college head coach. Oregon’s longest losing streak – 14 games – was set during Read’s three-year term, which also saw the team’s worst loss in history (66–0 at Washington in 1974).
After the Ducks’ home opener in 1975, a 5–0 loss to San Jose State, UO president William Boyd told a reporter he’d “rather be whipped in a public square than sit through a game like that.”
Read was fired, with one year left on his contract, after the 1976 season ended. His teams had gone 3–18 in conference play, were shut out seven times in three seasons, and owned just one win over a team with a winning record (17–3 over Colorado State in 1976).
In announcing Read's termination, Oregon athletic director John Caine said it had been a financial decision; Read hadn't shown enough progress to generate interest in season ticket sales, boosters were not making donations, and Read couldn't be sent out recruiting without a contract extension, for which there was no support. Breaking recent—and unsuccessful—tradition, Caine also said "the successor will not come from the current staff ... There is a need for a different approach than we've had here for a number of years ... I'm looking for a multi-talented individual, one with perhaps a different personality and a different background."
It had become clear that drastic action was needed to correct a suffering program. Caine had informed an alumni group that the Oregon football team had lost money the last three seasons. Normally, it is a University's football program that provides funding for other non-revenue sports, but at Oregon, football was siphoning money from the successful basketball program and cutting into the budgets for wrestling, baseball and track.
Brooks era (1977–1994).
Caine could not afford to pay top dollar for a college coach; he told reporters he wouldn't top $35,000 annually for his new head coach, but that he would sweeten the pot with a $100,000 recruiting budget, the second highest in the conference. The coaching search took two weeks. After being rebuffed by Bill Walsh, who took the Stanford job, and Jim Mora, who withdrew his name from consideration because he considered the job a dead end, Caine appointed UCLA assistant coach and Oregon State graduate Rich Brooks as Oregon's 29th head football coach, over finalists Monte Kiffin and Ray Greene.
Brooks got off to a shaky start, with four two-win seasons in his first six years at Oregon. In 1980, a pay-for-credit scandal, disclosure of an illegal travel fund, misuse of phone cards and criminal sexual abuse charges against Oregon football players led Brooks to tender his resignation to President Boyd; Boyd refused to accept the resignation. Oregon was placed on probation by the Pac-10 (1980) and NCAA (1982). After several mediocre seasons, including 1983 and an infamous scoreless tie with Oregon State known as the "The Toilet Bowl" the Ducks posted an 8–4 season in 1989, going to the Independence Bowl – Oregon's first postseason appearance in 26 seasons. Brooks would achieve two more bowl games before his final season in 1994.
The pinnacle of Brooks' Oregon career came in his final season, when his team became the Pacific-10 Conference Champions with a 9–3 regular season record and a Rose Bowl appearance. The defining moment of the season came in a game against the 9th-ranked (AP) Washington Huskies, and is widely remembered by Duck fans as "The Pick". Prior to that game, the Ducks had won only three games against the Huskies in 20 seasons, including many heartbreakers in the heated rivalry. Late in the game, with the Ducks nursing a 24–20 lead, Washington was in position to score and take the lead when the Huskies' quarterback Damon Huard threw an interception to Kenny Wheaton, who returned the interception for a 97-yard touchdown, sealing the win for the Ducks. The Pick is replayed on the big screen at Autzen Stadium before each football game. Following the Washington game, the Ducks finished the rest of the regular season without a loss, but lost to Penn State in the 1995 Rose Bowl, 38–20.
After the 1994 season, Rich Brooks announced that he would leave Oregon to become the new head coach of the St. Louis Rams. Although Brooks had a poorer winning percentage, with 91 victories he surpassed Len Casanova to become the winningest coach in school history. The field at Autzen Stadium was dedicated as Rich Brooks Field, in honor of his tenure and accomplishments.
Bellotti era (1995–2008).
Offensive coordinator Mike Bellotti was elevated into the head coaching position after Rich Brooks vacated the position in 1995. During his head coaching career, Bellotti elevated the expectations of the Ducks football program. Season records that in the past would have been deemed acceptable or even laudable became considered mediocre and disappointing. Bellotti was immediately successful, leading the team to a 9–3 record his first year and an appearance in the Cotton Bowl Classic. In his 14 seasons, Bellotti’s teams were selected for 12 bowl games, and only once (2004, 5–6) did the Ducks post a losing record during his tenure.
Bellotti coached the team to the Pac-10 Championship in the 2000 season, shared with Washington and OSU. With a Rose Bowl bid on the line, the Ducks lost the 2000 Civil War at Corvallis, dropping the Ducks to the Holiday Bowl The Ducks defeated Texas 35–30 in the Holiday, for the first 10-win season in program history.
In the 2001 season, senior quarterback Joey Harrington, a Heisman Trophy finalist, led the Ducks to its first 11-win season in program history and an outright Pac-10 championship. The season was riddled with close games, 6 of which ended with a spread of one score or less, coining the nickname "Captain Comeback" for Harrington. The only loss of the season came at home to the Stanford Cardinal.
The Ducks ended the 2001 regular season ranked No. 2 in both the AP and Coaches polls, but the BCS computer formula ranked Oregon No. 4, behind No. 2 Nebraska – which had been thrashed by Colorado in its final regular season game – and No. 3 Colorado; this kept Oregon out of the national championship game. The discrepancy caused the BCS committee to alter the ranking system for subsequent years to a formula which, if applied in 2001, would have placed Oregon in the national championship game. The 2001 Ducks instead played at the Fiesta Bowl against Colorado. Oregon's run defense stifled Colorado's running game, holding them to just 49 yards on 31 carries. Harrington passed for 350 yards and led the Ducks to a 38–16 win. Oregon settled for a final 2nd place ranking in both the AP and Coaches polls. After the 2001 season, offensive coordinator Jeff Tedford left for the head coaching job at California, replaced by Andy Ludwig.
The 2003 season was highlighted by a big win against the 5th ranked Michigan Wolverines, ruining Michigan's aspirations of a big season during a trip to a west coast game for the third time in four years.
Ludwig resigned as offensive coordinator after a dismal 2004 campaign, the only losing season (5–6) for a Mike Bellotti-coached Oregon team. Recently fired BYU head coach Gary Crowton took the offensive reins; the 2005 season saw a dramatic improvement from 2004, going 10–1 in the regular season, with the only loss to top-ranked USC. In the eighth game of the season against the Arizona Wildcats, the senior starting quarterback for the Ducks, Kellen Clemens, suffered a spiral fracture in his ankle, ending his season and his collegiate career. Despite losing Clemens, the Ducks won the game as well as the rest of their regular season games but lost the Holiday Bowl to the Oklahoma Sooners.
In 2006 the team started off well, winning four games to open the season, including a controversial victory against then-ranked #11 Oklahoma. But the Oklahoma victory proved to be the high point of the 2006 season; the team eventually fell apart, going 3–5 for the remainder of the regular season, and were pounded by BYU in the Las Vegas Bowl, losing 8–38 in a dismal performance.
Gary Crowton left Oregon for the offensive coordinator position at Louisiana State University after the 2006 season; Chip Kelly was hired to replace him in February 2007. Kelly's impact was felt immediately, with the 2007 Ducks going 8–1 behind QB Dennis Dixon and ranked as high as No. 2, before being decimated by injuries at quarterback. Finishing the regular season with three straight losses, the Ducks were relegated to the Sun Bowl, where they defeated South Florida 56–21. Geoff Schwartz started from 2005–07 at right tackle, as part of an offense that led the conference in rushing for the first time since 1955 in 2006 and then again in 2007, and was a second-team 2007 All-Pac 10 selection.
The 2008 season saw the emergence of quarterback Jeremiah Masoli as the leader of Chip Kelly’s spread offense. Masoli, a transfer from City College of San Francisco, stepped in against Washington in the season opener, when starter Justin Roper was injured, and led the Ducks to a 44–10 victory. Despite injuries, Masoli cemented himself as the starter by mid-season. In the 2008 Civil War, the Ducks defeated the Oregon State Beavers in Corvallis, 65–38, knocking the Beavers out of the Rose Bowl. The Ducks went to the Holiday Bowl. In a clash of two teams with high powered offenses, Oregon beat the Oklahoma State Cowboys in the 2008 Holiday Bowl and finished the season ranked in the top 10.
In March 2009, Bellotti announced his resignation; Kelly would take over as the head coach, and Bellotti was named athletic director, replacing Pat Kilkenny. Bellotti left the program as the winningest coach in Oregon history, with 116 wins and a 67.8 winning percentage.
Kelly era (2009–2012).
2009 season: Good, but not great.
In his first season as the head coach of the Ducks, Chip Kelly stumbled out of the gate, losing to Boise State by 11 points in a game ending in controversy with Oregon running back LeGarrette Blount punching Boise State linebacker Byron Hout on national television, after Hout was seen heckling Blount. The Ducks showed only minor improvements with close wins against the Purdue Boilermakers and the Utah Utes. It wasn't until the start of the Pac-10 season that the Ducks began to display their potential, by dismantling the highly ranked California Golden Bears 42–3. The 2009 Ducks only lost one more game, to the Stanford Cardinal in the regular season, to win the Pac-10 title by two games. Oregon went to the 2010 Rose Bowl, where they lost 26–17 to the Ohio State Buckeyes.
2010 season: The best season yet.
During the offseason, the team was mired in controversy. Starting running back LaMichael James was involved in a domestic dispute in which he pleaded guilty to physical harassment of a former girlfriend, and was suspended for the first game of 2010 season. Starting quarterback Jeremiah Masoli was suspended for the entire 2010 football season over thefts from a local fraternity house. On June 7, Masoli was cited for marijuana possession, driving with a suspended license and failing to stop when entering a roadway. In response, coach Chip Kelly removed him from the team.
Despite the loss of Masoli, the Ducks dominated their opponents in the 2010 season. On October 17, the team moved up to the No. 1 ranking in both the AP and USA Today Coaches Poll for the first time in school history. This occurred after the #1-ranked teams, the Ohio State Buckeyes and the Alabama Crimson Tide lost in consecutive weeks.
The Ducks finished the regular season with a 12–0 record; winning the conference at 9–0, they were the only team in Pac-10 history to defeat every other conference team in a nine conference game season. Ranked No. 2 in the BCS rankings, the Ducks played Auburn in the 2011 BCS National Championship Game at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, losing on an Auburn field goal as time expired, 22–19.
Despite his opening game suspension, Oregon RB LaMichael James won the 2010 Doak Walker Award as the nation's outstanding college running back. James was also Oregon's first unanimous All-American football player, appearing on all five all-America teams recognized by the NCAA.
2011 season: First Rose Bowl Win Since 1917.
Oregon won its third straight conference championship in 2011, winning the new Pac-12 North Division and defeating UCLA in the inaugural Pac-12 Conference Championship Game. The Ducks became the first Pac-12 team other than USC to win three consecutive titles outright since the conference was formed in 1959. LaMichael James became the first player in conference history with three 1,500+ yard rushing seasons, and ranks second on the Pac-12's career rushing list. James was a finalist for the 2011 Doak Walker Award, and was named a finalist for the 2011 Paul Hornung Award. Punter Jackson Rice was a finalist for the Ray Guy Award. On January 2, 2012 the Oregon Ducks won the Rose Bowl, defeating the Wisconsin Badgers 45–38 for the title.
2012 season: Kelly's final year and Fiesta Bowl.
The Ducks continued their streak of national relevance into the 2012 season, reaching the #1 ranking in the AP poll for only the second time in team history on November 12. But a loss at home to Stanford ended Oregon's string of conference championships. The team was selected to play in the 2013 Fiesta Bowl against Kansas State, making Oregon only the fourth team in history to play in four consecutive BCS bowl games. Running back Kenjon Barner was a finalist for the Doak Walker Award and was named Oregon's fifth consensus All-American.
Immediately following the end of the 2012 season, Kelly interviewed for head coaching vacancies with the Cleveland Browns, Buffalo Bills and Philadelphia Eagles. Kelly initially declined the offers, but a few weeks later, agreed to terms with the Eagles.
Helfrich era (2013–present).
A few days after Kelly's resignation, offensive coordinator Mark Helfrich was hired to become the Ducks' 32nd head coach.
On June 26, 2013, the football program was penalized with 3 years of probation and a reduction of scholarships by the NCAA but no bowl bans. This decision was made after an investigation into the school's use of football recruiting services under former head coach Chip Kelly.
In his first season, Helfrich and the Ducks were bound for the national championship after early season domination and QB Marcus Mariota was a front-runner for the Heisman. The Ducks then lost two games in the span of 3 weeks to Arizona and Stanford. The regular season was capped off with a 36-35 win in the Civil War against the Oregon State Beavers. Oregon went on to beat Texas in the Valero Alamo Bowl 30-7. 
Conference Championships.
Dating back to their days in the Pacific Coast Conference, Oregon has claimed at least a share of eleven conference titles.
Note: †Denotes shared championship.
Divisional Championships.
In 2011, the Pacific-10 Conference added Colorado and Utah, bringing the membership total to 12 teams, leading to the creation of the Pacific-12 Conference. At that time, the conference split into two six-team divisions, north and south and created a Conference Championship Game. The champions of each division face off in the Conference Championship Game, with the team with the highest conference record hosting the game.
Oregon has tied with Stanford for every Pac-12 North Division Championship so far, representing the division in the Championship Game in 2011 due to a win over Stanford with Stanford representing the division in 2012 and 2013 due to wins over Oregon.
Rivalries.
The Civil War game with Oregon State was originally called the "Oregon Classic" or the "State Championship Game." It is the 7th oldest rivalry in division I FBS football. It is also one of the most heated, especially after Oregon State's 2000 victory knocked the Ducks out of the Rose Bowl; Oregon returned the favor in 2008. In 2009 the teams played with the Rose Bowl bid at stake for both teams for the first time since 1964 (game won by Oregon).
The Oregon–Washington football rivalry, also known as the "Border War," has been ongoing since 1948 and has incited particularly poor behavior from fans of both teams. Although Washington has historically dominated the series, since the late 1970s the teams have essentially split their games. As of 2013, Oregon has won the last 10 match-ups by a margin of at least 21 points, the longest win streak in the rivalry by either team.
Notable players.
Many Ducks players have gone on to play football in the professional ranks. Since 1996, seven Oregon players have been selected in the first round of the NFL Draft: Dion Jordan and Kyle Long in 2013, Jonathan Stewart in 2008, Haloti Ngata in 2006, Joey Harrington in 2002, Akili Smith in 1999, and Alex Molden in 1996. Six former Oregon Ducks football players have been inducted to the NFL Hall of Fame including Gary Zimmerman, Dave Wilcox, Norm Van Brocklin, Dan Fouts, and Mel Renfro. Tuffy Leemans is another NFL Hall of Fame inductee who played for the Oregon freshman team before transferring to George Washington University. Several former players, including Mike Nolan, Gunther Cunningham, John McKay, Jack Patera, John Robinson, Bill Musgrave, and Norv Turner, have become coaches for NFL and college teams. Dan Fouts, Joey Harrington and Ahmad Rashad have become nationally prominent sportscasters after their professional careers.
LaMichael James ended his Oregon career after the 2011 season as the most decorated Duck in history. James was the first Oregon player to win a national player award (the 2010 Doak Walker Award), the first back-to-back consensus All-American (2010, 2011), the first unanimous All-American (2010), the first Heisman Trophy finalist since Harrington in 2001, and holds virtually every Oregon rushing and scoring record, including:
Uniforms.
The University of Oregon football team has been known in recent years for its unique uniform style, consisting of multiple color combinations of helmets, uniforms (both shirts and pants), socks, and shoes, resulting in a new uniform setup every week (not counting in-season changes to uniform designs). The frequent changes have led to criticism by alumni and football purists, though the changes have been often well-liked and praised by football recruits. New uniform schemes are coordinated by Oregon alumnus Tinker Hatfield, an executive at Nike. Nike has had the outfitting rights for the Ducks since 1995.
For several decades in the 20th century, Oregon's uniforms were traditional, generally featuring a yellow helmet (with the original interlocking "UO" emblem) and yellow pants, joined with a green home jersey with gold letters or white road jersey with green letters and "UCLA-style" shoulder loops. During the Jerry Frei era (1967–1971), the helmets were solid green with subtle logo variations. In 1972, new head coach Dick Enright returned the yellow helmet with Green Bay Packer-style green and white striping and no logos, a helmet style that continued until 1977, when new head coach Rich Brooks added the green block-style interlocking "UO" emblem. In 1985, the team added the Oregon Donald Duck logo to the jersey sleeves. Mike Bellotti made subtle changes in the livery, removing the striping from the helmet, jersey and pants, and adding a green variation of the pants.
The Oregon uniform underwent a radical change for the 1999 season, where new, Nike-designed gear featuring a redesigned "O" emblem with solid green helmets and jerseys with lightning yellow letters were revealed. This began a period of unusually non-uniform standards for a typical college football team. Since 1999, Oregon has completely revised its uniform appearance roughly every three seasons. The frequent uniform changes and their typically flashy uniform have provoked some controversy. Fans of a more traditional approach to college football tend to ridicule each new uniform as it is released, while younger fans and players—in particular, potential Oregon athletes—react more favorably to the flashy nature of the livery.
The football team used nine different football combinations in the 2005 season, but introduced even more combinations in the 2006 season. The new uniforms in 2006 provided 384 possible different combinations of jerseys, pants, helmets, socks, and shoes. A metallic-yellow colored helmet with silver flames, which debuted in the 2006 Las Vegas Bowl, increased the possible combinations to 512. These uniforms were more technologically advanced than other uniforms, 28% lighter when dry, 34% lighter when wet, and greater durability with reinforcing diamond plating patterns at the joints. The Ducks wore the previously announced white helmets for the first time on October 20, 2007 in Seattle, when they played the Washington Huskies. In 2008, during the Arizona-Oregon game, they wore new, all black uniforms nicknamed "lights out", but instead of the typical metal diamond plated shoulder pads, the new uniforms had a wing pattern.
Only once has the original "block UO" helmet emblem made a comeback, when it was worn along with a throwback jersey, against Cal in 2009. However, the neo-throwback green jersey with gold letters, with the modern logo instead of the "UO" on the yellow helmet, did appear in the 2009 Civil War.
For the Arizona game in 2008, Oregon unveiled a new uniform design based on the "lights out" design from the previous season featuring the "wings" pattern on the shoulder pads as well as a more simplified uniform design, while retaining the number font style of "Bellotti Bold" and the colors of green, black, white, yellow, grey, gold, and steel. This was the primary uniform design from 2009 through the 2011 regular season.
Another uniform revision was introduced at the 2012 Rose Bowl and carried forward into the 2012 season, with the "wings" moving from the shoulder pads to the helmets as chrome decals, and a broader "feather" detail with iridescent fabric highlights. Five different helmets are incorporated into the uniform kit.
On October 19, 2013, Oregon wore special Breast Cancer Awareness uniforms in a game against Washington State. In addition to new bold pink helmets, the Ducks wore pink Nike Vapor Talon Elite cleats, pink Nike Vapor Carbon Elite socks and pink Vapor Jet gloves in combination with their black Nike Pro Combat uniform system. The special edition uniforms were designed to raise awareness and funds for the Kay Yow Cancer Fund as the helmets were auctioned off.

</doc>
<doc id="5883378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883378" title="Vern Stenlund">
Vern Stenlund

Dr. Vern Stenlund (born April 11, 1956 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a retired former professional hockey player who has become known in retirement for becoming a university professor, author and coach. He played in the NHL for the Cleveland Barons in the 1976–77 NHL season. A former second round NHL draft pick of the California Golden Seals in 1976, Stenlund played professionally with the Barons and the Phoenix Roadrunners of the Central Hockey League. Also a standout junior player, Stenlund enjoyed a tremendous junior career in the Ontario Hockey League with the London Knights where he led the team in scoring with 119 points in the 1975-76 season.
After retiring from hockey, he earned his doctorate from the University of Michigan in 1994 and went on to become a professor in the Faculty of Education at the University of Windsor.
In addition to his work at the University of Windsor, Stenlund helped develop the "Chevrolet Safe and Fun Hockey Program" along with former hockey star Bobby Orr. Stenlund has also written numerous books about the game, including "Coaching Hockey Successfully, High-Performance Skating for Hockey, Hockey Drills for Puck Control, Hockey Drills for Passing and Receiving and Hockey Drills for Scoring".
Stenlund also has worked extensively with Hockey Canada throughout his career, serving on a number of committees geared towards athlete development and education. In 2004-05, he served on three national Hockey Canada committees including the Athlete Development Committee, the Coach Mentorship Advisory Council and the Parent Education Advisory Group.
In 2013, Stenlund authored hockey legend Bobby Orr's first ever official memoir titled "Bobby Orr: My Story." The book was released through the Penguin Publishing Group across North America and quickly became a New York Times Best Seller, ironically reaching #4 on the best sellers list on March 16, 2014.
He retired in 2014 as a tenured associate professor at the University of Windsor in the Faculty of Education after a distinguished 29-year career..

</doc>
<doc id="5883406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883406" title="Henry Wade Rogers">
Henry Wade Rogers

Henry Wade Rogers (October 15, 1853 – August 16, 1926) was a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from 1913 to 1926.
Biography.
Rogers was born in upstate New York State and studied at the University of Michigan. He practiced law for several years in various locations including Minnesota and New Jersey before becoming a law professor. Rogers' academic career included serving as the Dean of the Law Department of the University of Michigan, President of Northwestern University, and Dean of the Yale Law School.
In 1913, President Woodrow Wilson nominated Rogers to a seat on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. Rogers was confirmed and served on the court for 13 years. Rogers was a methodical judge known, according to the biography of Learned Hand by Professor Gerald Gunther, for writing extremely long opinions; Hand apparently did not regard him highly. He died in 1926 and was succeeded by Thomas Walter Swan.

</doc>
<doc id="5883418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883418" title="Army of Islam (Gaza Strip)">
Army of Islam (Gaza Strip)

Army of Islam ( Jaysh al-Islām), also known as Tawhid and Jihad Brigades, is the name used by the Doghmush "Hamula" (clan) for their Islamic militant activities. It is located at the Tzabra neighborhood in the center of the Gaza Strip bordered by Israel and Egypt. The United States Department of State has designated it a terrorist organization.
Activities.
Notorious for the capture of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and the kidnapping of BBC reporter Alan Johnston, Army of Islam, which appears to draw inspiration from, or is linked to, al-Qaeda, have also conducted at least one bombing of a Palestinian civilian target (an empty school) and a number of other kidnappings. The group has been previously closely related to Hamas, but has been since shunned by both Hamas and Fatah. The group has also been known as "The Organization of al-Qaeda in Palestine" and is linked to Abu Qatada, the British-based Palestinian-Jordanian extremist Sheikh who they demanded be released in exchange for Johnston.
On 3 November 2010 senior Army of Islam leader Mohammad Namnam was killed in a targeted killing when the car he was driving in Gaza City was hit by a missile fired from an Israeli military helicopter. Israel killed Namnam after Egyptian authorities reportedly tipped-off Israel that Namnam was helping plan a future attack on multinational security forces in Sinai. Following the November 3 air strike, the Israeli Air Force killed two other members of the group. Mohammed and Islam Yassif were killed in an air strike, fired from an unmanned drone, on 17 November 2010. The attack, coordinated with Israeli security services, Shin Bet, came around dawn on a busy street in Gaza City, and cited the same security issues as that in the killing of Namnam.
Kidnapping of Alan Johnston.
In 2007 the group kidnapped the BBC correspondent Alan Johnston. On June 25, 2007 a video was released by Army of Islam showing Johnston with an explosive belt around his waist, with a demands for the release of Muslim prisoners in British custody. The group, which also kidnapped ten members of Hamas, had claimed that they would have killed him if there had been an attempt to rescue him by force. On July 4, 2007, after Gaza authorities arrested several members of Army of Islam including its spokesman, Abu Muthana, and following threats of execution, Johnston was handed over to Hamas officials and released after 114 days in captivity.
Alexandria bombing.
The Army of Islam has been linked with the 2011 bombing of a Coptic church in Alexandria that resulted in 23 deaths. Egypt's Interior minister said on 23 January that evidence proved that the group planned and executed the attack. The group quickly denied responsibility, while also reportedly expressing support for the bombing.

</doc>
<doc id="5883426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883426" title="GRABAAWR">
GRABAAWR

The Great Annual Bicycle Adventure Along the Wisconsin River (GRABAAWR) is a 500-mile, 7-day supported bicycle tour of Wisconsin from Eagle River to Prairie du Chien. It has been run in the last week of June for 21 consecutive years by the Bike Wisconsin organization. 
The 2006 tour had 900 registrants from 38 states and 3 Canadian provinces. Participants included 274 females of average age 48 and 626 males of average age 52, while the oldest was 81. 
The ride route follows mainly along two-lane public roads, most with very low car traffic. Starting in the Northwoods, the route is gentle rolling and tree-lined. In the central areas, it is often through open farm fields with some rolling hills and an infrequent challenging ascent. In the West, it is combined rolling and flats with a couple of quite challenging ascents, one being optional. 
Overnights and approximate mileages in 2006: Eagle River, Rhinelander (102 option) 51, Merrill 57, Stevens Point 59, Adams-Friendship 70, Baraboo 56, Richland Center 82, Prairie du Chien 65.
Many bikers enthusiastically ride year after year. They may participate in small groups as "clubs" with custom-designed jerseys or form loose organizations; many publish their experiences online. 

</doc>
<doc id="5883436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883436" title="Old Golden Throat">
Old Golden Throat

Old Golden Throat is a compilation album and 28th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash, released in 1968 (see 1968 in music) exclusively in the UK on CBS Records. The record is a collection of single sides that, with two exceptions, had not yet appeared on an album (the exceptions being "Still in Town" and "Tennessee Flat Top Box"). The mix spans recordings made almost a decade before its release and songs completed up to several months prior to it. Nine of the fourteen tracks had appeared on Billboard's country singles chart (see below).
Two of the songs on the album - "I Got Stripes" and "Dark as a Dungeon" - had been performed by Cash at Folsom Prison and subsequently appeared on his famous "At Folsom Prison" live album in May 1968. However, the versions included here were originally recorded and released in 1959 and 1963, respectively.
Because the tracks were taken from singles, the album was released only in monaural.
The album was not released on cd in this form, though many of the tracks can easily be found on compilation cd's.
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5883449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883449" title="Archaeospheniscus wimani">
Archaeospheniscus wimani

Archaeospheniscus wimani is an extinct species of penguin. It was the smallest species of the genus "Archaeospheniscus", being approximately 75-85 cm high, or about the size of a Gentoo Penguin. It is also the oldest known species of its genus, as its remains were found in Middle or Late Eocene strata (34-50 MYA) of the La Meseta Formation on Seymour Island, Antarctica. It is known from a fair number of bones.
The species' binomen honors Carl Wiman, an early 20th-century researcher who laid the groundwork for the classification of the prehistoric penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="5883461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883461" title="1958 NBA draft">
1958 NBA draft

The 1958 NBA draft was the 12th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The draft was held on April 22, 1958 before the 1958–59 season. In this draft, eight NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players. In each round, the teams select in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season. The draft consisted of 17 rounds comprising 88 players selected.
Draft selections and draftee career notes.
Elgin Baylor from Seattle University was selected first overall by the Minneapolis Lakers. Baylor went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award in his first season. Guy Rodgers from Temple University was selected before the draft as Philadelphia Warriors' territorial pick. Two players from this draft, Elgin Baylor and Hal Greer, have been inducted to the Basketball Hall of Fame. Frank Howard from Ohio State University was selected in the third round by the Philadelphia Warriors, but he opted for a professional baseball career and eventually playing 16 successful seasons in the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Other picks.
The following list includes other draft picks who have appeared in at least one NBA game.

</doc>
<doc id="5883466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883466" title="Peter Masterson">
Peter Masterson

Peter Masterson (born June 1, 1934) is an American actor, director, producer and writer.
Masterson often worked with his cousin, writer Horton Foote. Acting from the mid-1960s to the mid-1980s,including 1975's "The Stepford Wives" as Walter Eberhart, since then he has concentrated mostly on directing and producing. His daughter is actress Mary Stuart Masterson, who appeared with her father in "The Stepford Wives" as one of the Eberhart's daughters.
Masterson's most well known and critically recognized work is "The Trip to Bountiful". He co-wrote (with Larry L. King) the books for the hit musical "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas" and its short-lived sequel "The Best Little Whorehouse Goes Public". His most recent work in film includes "Night Game" (1989) "Lost Junction" (2003) and "Whiskey School" (2005). Masterson has also been responsible for some theatrical disasters including "Convicts". "Convicts", starring James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall, went straight to video.
Masterson is also an accomplished sailor. 
In 1989, he won the Silver Medal in World Championships 5.5 metre class in Houston. 
He won the Silver Medal again for the 5.5 Metre Class in 1990 in Torquay.
He won the Silver Medal a third time in the 5.5 Metre Class in 1992 in Nassau.
-->

</doc>
<doc id="5883480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883480" title="Treatise on the Faith and Practice of the Free Will Baptists">
Treatise on the Faith and Practice of the Free Will Baptists

The Treatise on the Faith and Practice of the Free Will Baptists was adopted in 1935 at Nashville, Tennessee as representatives from the two largest groups of Free Will Baptists merged to form the National Association of Free Will Baptists. The treatise sets forth the basic doctrines and describes the faith and practices that have distinguished Free Will Baptists since the early eighteenth century.
Church government in the association begins and ends at the congregational level. Local congregations voluntarily join local, state and national associations in order to facilitate cooperation in such endeavors as missions, supporting association colleges, and new church planting. The Treatise, therefore, is not binding as such, on the member congregations, but rather the opposite is true. The Treatise describes the common beliefs and practices that bind the churches and most churches are expected to adopt the Treatise as a "Church Covenant."

</doc>
<doc id="5883489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883489" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Greater London">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Greater London

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Greater London, which is part of south east England. In geographic terms, the area is split by the River Thames. The London region has a population of 7,512,400 within an area of 1,579 km², making it the second-largest populated region in the United Kingdom. However, even though it is one of the largest urban conglomerations in Europe, almost two-thirds of London is made up of greenspace and wetlands, consisting primarily of extensive areas of green belt, large parks and the Thames basin. , there are 36 sites designated within this Area of Search, 29 of which have been designated for their biological interest and 7 for their geological interest.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses sites because of their Fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. The data in the table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.
For other counties, see List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5883491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883491" title="Chojnice County">
Chojnice County

__NOTOC__
Chojnice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Chojnice, which lies south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The county also contains the towns of Czersk, lying east of Chojnice, and Brusy, north-east of Chojnice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 91,585, out of which the population of Chojnice is 39,716, that of Czersk is 9,463, that of Brusy is 4,582, and the rural population is 37,824.
<br>
"Chojnice County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Chojnice County is bordered by Bytów County and Kościerzyna County to the north, Starogard County and Tuchola County to the east, Sępólno County to the south, and Człuchów County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883494" title="Lębork County">
Lębork County

__NOTOC__
Lębork County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Lębork, which lies west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The only other town in the county is Łeba, lying north-west of Lębork.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 63,659, out of which the population of Lębork is 35,069, that of Łeba is 3,824, and the rural population is 24,766.
<br>
"Lębork County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Lębork County is bordered by Wejherowo County to the east, Kartuzy County to the south-east, Bytów County to the south and Słupsk County to the west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (two urban and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883498" title="Sherwin Glass">
Sherwin Glass

Sherwin Glass (? 1927 – ? 2005) founded Farmer's Furniture Company, the largest furniture store in the US by number of stores. He was elected to the Furniture Hall of Fame and engaged in huge philanthropy including providing the Sherwin Glass Swim Center at the Atlanta Jewish Community Center and endowing the Shana Glass Leadership Conference for the Anti-Defamation League in memory of his daughter, Shana, who was allegedly murdered by her husband in 1993. He also received major awards from the Anti-Defamation League and the Jewish Federation. 

</doc>
<doc id="5883500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883500" title="Nowy Dwór Gdański County">
Nowy Dwór Gdański County

__NOTOC__
Nowy Dwór Gdański County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Nowy Dwór Gdański, which lies south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk. The only other town in the county is Krynica Morska, lying north-east of Nowy Dwór Gdański, on the Vistula Spit.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 35,498, out of which the population of Nowy Dwór Gdański is 9,948, that of Krynica Morska is 1,371, and the rural population is 24,179.
<br>
"Nowy Dwór Gdański County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Nowy Dwór Gdański County is bordered by the Vistula Lagoon to the east, Elbląg County to the south-east, Malbork County to the south, Gdańsk County and the city of Gdańsk to the west, and the Baltic Sea to the north. It also has a short land border with Russia (Kaliningrad Oblast) to the north-east, on the Vistula Spit.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883502" title="Słupsk County">
Słupsk County

__NOTOC__
Słupsk County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Słupsk, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The only towns in Słupsk County are Ustka, a coastal resort north-west of Słupsk, and Kępice, south of Słupsk.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 92,172, out of which the population of Ustka is 16,227, that of Kępice is 3,829, and the rural population is 72,116.
<br>
"Słupsk County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Apart from the city of Słupsk, Słupsk County is also bordered by Lębork County to the east, Bytów County to the south-east, and Koszalin County and Sławno County to the west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and eight rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883505" title="Lafreri atlases">
Lafreri atlases

Especially in the important trading centers of Rome and Venice, many individual maps were printed in Italy from about 1544. Each publisher worked independently, producing maps based upon his own customers' needs. These maps often varied greatly in size.
Over time, it became common to bind maps together into composite works. Although the word "atlas" was not in use for these composite works until 1570, they now are termed "IATO Assembled To Order atlases" or, more frequently, "Lafreri atlases" (one of the leading publishers of the period, Antonio Lafreri is thought to have been the first to add an engraved title page to a collection of maps – around 1570 or 1572 [http://www.mapforum.com/01/lafreri.htm], the same time as the Theatrum Orbis Terrarum was published in Antwerp.
Each of the atlases was put together from a list of many different available maps, chosen to satisfy the needs or request of the individual customer; so few if any atlases are identical. About sixty or seventy of these atlases survive today, most held in institutions. The atlases are very important in the history of cartography, for many sixteenth-century Italian maps survive only in these atlases.
Collectors of antique maps value Lafreri atlases highly for their lovely engraving style and because of their rarity.
Cartographers of the Lafréri atlases.
The most notable cartographers involved in publication of the Lafreri maps and atlases include:

</doc>
<doc id="5883507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883507" title="Sztum County">
Sztum County

__NOTOC__
Sztum County (, ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland. Its administrative seat and largest town is Sztum, which lies south-east of the regional capital Gdańsk. The only other town in the county is Dzierzgoń, lying east of Sztum.
The county was created, as a result of local pressure, in 2002. The area was previously part of Malbork County.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 41,808, out of which the population of Sztum is 9,945, that of Dzierzgoń is 5,630, and the rural population is 26,233.
<br>
"Sztum County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Sztum County is bordered by Malbork County to the north, Elbląg County to the north-east, Ostróda County to the east, Iława County to the south-east, Kwidzyn County to the south and Tczew County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (two urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883508" title="Project Born">
Project Born

Project Born is an American horrorcore and hip hop music group. Formed in 1989 in Flint, Michigan, the group was the very first act to be signed to Psychopathic Records and have since formed their own record label, Project Boy Platinum Entertainment.
History.
Project Born was formed in 1989 by Half Pint Capone, Frank Nitty, and Lil Polk and signed to Psychopathic Records in 1994 on the strength of a demo that they had given to Insane Clown Posse, who believed that they would become "the next Dayton Family".
Psychopathic had originally intended to release the demo as it had been recorded under the title of "Forever In The Jects" in 1994, but Project Born lost the tape, resulting in the group having to release different material under the title of "Born Dead", which was released in 1995, and featured appearances by Insane Clown Posse and Esham. However, the label was not as impressed by the new material as they had been by the original demo. Unfortunately, "Born Dead" was an unsuccessful EP according to Violent J's book, so the group parted ways with the label in 1996. In 2011, Lil Polk parted ways with Project Born in order to pursue a career as a solo artist and as a music producer under the moniker of Polk Frost and started his very own record label, 423 Music Group Incorporated. In 2014, Polk Frost returned to the group.
In 2000, 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2012 Project Born performed at the Gathering of the Juggalos.
In 2013, Frank Nitty played a solo set at the Gathering of the Juggalos.

</doc>
<doc id="5883513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883513" title="Tczew County">
Tczew County

__NOTOC__
Tczew County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Tczew, which lies south of the regional capital Gdańsk. The county also contains the towns of Pelplin, lying south of Tczew, and Gniew, south of Tczew. The county is part of the area traditionally inhabited by the Kociewiacy ethnic group.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 112,614, out of which the population of Tczew is 60,263, that of Pelplin is 8,486, that of Gniew is 6,787, and the rural population is 37,078.
<br>
"Tczew County on a map of the counties of Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Tczew County is bordered by Gdańsk County to the north, Malbork County, Sztum County and Kwidzyn County to the east, Świecie County to the south, and Starogard County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883535" title="Pescetti">
Pescetti

Pescetti, Pescetta, Pescetto (also anglicized 'Peschetti' etc.) is an Italian family name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883545" title="Tomás Bretón">
Tomás Bretón

Tomás Bretón y Hernández (Salamanca, 29 December 1850 – Madrid, 2 December 1923) was a Spanish conductor and composer.
Biography.
Tomás Bretón was born in Salamanca on 29 December 1850. He completed his musical studies at the School of Fine Arts in his hometown, where he earned his living playing in small provincial orchestras, theaters and churches. At age 16, he moved to Madrid, where he played in orchestras in zarzuela theaters. He also began his studies at the Royal Conservatory under Emilio Arrieta. In 1872, Bretón received the first prize for composition at the Conservatory, together with Ruperto Chapi. After having worked in small theaters for several years, in 1882 he received a grant from the Academy of Fine Arts of San Fernando which enabled him to study in Rome, Milan, Vienna and Paris between 1881 and 1884. There, he found time to work on more ambitious works, such the oratorio "El Apocalipsis" and the opera "Los amantes de Teruel". The premiere of this last work at the Teatro Real de Madrid cemented his name as one of the major composers of Spanish opera.
Bretón was also very active as a conductor, first in the Unión Artístico Musical (1878–81), which he founded, and later in Madrid Concert Society, where he served as principal conductor between 1885 and 1891. In that capacity, he founded a series of concerts where both Spanish music and international novelties were played. In 1901, he became director of the Conservatory of Madrid, a position he held until his retirement in 1921, struggling to modernize teaching at the institution and broaden its international orientation. He died in Madrid on 2 December 1923.
Work.
Bretón gained renown as a result of the success of his zarzuela "La verbena de la Paloma", although other were well-received works, included his operas "Los amantes de Teruel", based on the eponymous legend, and "La Dolores". After his death, his extensive output was a generally forgotten. His career spanned the majority of the musical areas of the period of the Restoration (1875–1923): Conservatorium Director, reputed orchestral conductor, composer of óperas, zarzuelas, symphonic and chamber music. 
Opera.
He aimed to create a Spanish ópera, which would form a basis for a national music. He not only expressed these ideas in his many writings, but also through a series of works he composed throughout his career, from "Guzmán el bueno" (1876) to "Tabaré" (1913). His series of nine óperas, two of them in only one act, are an ambitious body of work for Spanish composers of his time. After a long polemic which delayed its première, Los amantes de Teruel (1889) amounted to its definitive consolidation, and was followed by proposals along very different lines, such as the Wagnerian in "Garín" (1892) for the Barcelona Liceo and the veristic in "La Dolores" (1894) for the Madrilenian Teatro de la Zarzuela. His last works, despite being tied to a strong nineteenth-century tradition, contain undeniable interest, such as "Raquel" (1900), based on the famous romantic drama, "Farinelli" (1902), composed for the failed Teatro Lírico project, "Tabaré" (1913), set in America, and "Don Gil de las calzas verdes" (1914), based on a comedy by Tirso de Molina.
Zarzuela.
At the same time, he approached the art zarzuela with unequal success. His output, while less than that of his contemporaries Ruperto Chapí, Gerónimo Giménez and Manuel Fernández Caballero, is of great quality, given the variety of genres which he tackled. He made several attempts at composing in the zarzuela grande genre, both in a more traditional line than previous generations in works such "El campanero de Begoña" (1878) and "Los amores de un príncipe" (1881), and at the end of the century in the Circo de Parish, with "El clavel rojo" (1899) and "Covadonga" (1901), where he adopted more modern procedures, within the limitations of the genre. His greatest fame came from the género chico, especially "La verbena de la Paloma" (1894), one of the most famous zarzuelas of the Spanish repertoire, although he later composed many others which were not as successful.
Orchestral output.
On the other hand, he wrote symphonic music with a singular insistence, at a time in which in Spain, orchestral ensembles barely existed. He composed and conducted numerous works for the Sociedad de Conciertos, of which he was chief conductor from 1885 to 1890. A result of this were his three symphonies (1872, 1883, 1905), revealing a strong assimilation of Beethoven's compositional techniques. His most successful works were those with a Spanish character, albeit in an Alhambristic vein –such as "En la Alhambra (1887)"– or a more danceable one, as in "Escenas andaluzas" (1894). During his last years he composes various symphonic poems with a clear, nostalgic character, such as "Los galeotes" (1905) based on the famous Quixote episode, and "Salamanca" (1916) on popular themes from his native region. In the chamber-music genre he has left us various works, including three quartets (one of which is published), as well as a trio and quintet, composed from markedly classical standpoints, influenced by the French world of Saint-Saëns. His wide musical knowledge led him to tackle many other fields such as song, including a song-cycle based on Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer's rhymes (1886), which was followed by "Las golondrinas", and the oratorio "El Apocalipsis" (1882) composed in Rome as one of the works written under the Academy scholarship requirements. 
The prolific composer for the guitar Francisco Tárrega dedicated one of his greatest masterpieces, "Capricho Árabe", to D. Tomás Bretón.

</doc>
<doc id="5883549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883549" title="Chinese Lunar Exploration Program">
Chinese Lunar Exploration Program

The Chinese Lunar Exploration Program (CLEP) (), also known as the Chang'e program, is an ongoing series of robotic Moon missions by the China National Space Administration (CNSA). The program incorporates lunar orbiters, landers, rovers and sample return spacecraft, launched using Long March rockets. Launches and flights are monitored by a Telemetry, Tracking and Command (TT&C) system, which uses radio antennas in Beijing and antennas in Kūnmíng, Shanghai and Ürümqi to form a VLBI antenna. A proprietary ground application system is responsible for downlink data reception.
Ouyang Ziyuan, a prominent Chinese geologist and chemical cosmologist, was among the first to advocate the exploitation not only of known lunar reserves of metals such as titanium, but also of helium-3, an ideal fuel for future nuclear fusion power plants. He is currently serving as the chief scientist of the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program. Another prominent Chinese scientist, Sun Jiadong, was assigned as the general designer, while scientist Sun Zezhou was assigned as the deputy general designer. The leading program manager is Luan Enjie.
The first spacecraft of the program, the Chang'e 1 lunar orbiter, was launched from Xichang Satellite Launch Center on 24 October 2007, having been delayed from the initial planned date of 17–19 April 2007. A second orbiter, Chang'e 2, was launched on 1 October 2010. Chang'e 3, which includes a lander and rover, was launched on 1 December 2013 and successfully soft-landed on the Moon on 14 December 2013. It will be followed by a sample return mission, Chang'e 5 scheduled for 2017.
As indicated by the official insignia, in the shape of a nascent lunar crescent with two human footprints at its center, the ultimate objective of the program is to pave the way for a manned mission to the Moon. Such a mission may occur in 2025–2030.
Program structure.
The Chinese Lunar Exploration Program is divided into three main operational phases, with each mission serving as a technology demonstrator in preparation for future missions.
Phase I: Orbital missions.
The first phase entailed the launch of two lunar orbiters, and is now effectively complete.
Phase II: Soft landers/rovers.
The second phase is ongoing, and incorporates spacecraft capable of soft-landing on the Moon and deploying lunar rovers.
Phase III: Sample return.
The final phase will entail a lunar sample return mission.
Key technologies.
Long-range TT&C.
The biggest challenge in Phase I of the program was the operation of the TT&C system, because its transmission capability needed sufficient range to communicate with the probes in lunar orbit. China's standard satellite telemetry had a range of , but the distance between the Moon and the Earth can exceed when the Moon is at apogee. In addition, the Chang'e probes had to carry out many attitude maneuvers during their flights to the Moon and during operations in lunar orbit. The distance across China from east to west is , forming another challenge to TT&C continuity. At present, the combination of the TT&C system and the Chinese astronomical observation network has met the needs of the Chang'e program, but only by a small margin.
Environmental adaptability.
The complexity of the space environment encountered during the Chang'e missions imposed strict requirements for environmental adaptability and reliability of the probes and their instruments. The high-radiation environment in Earth-Moon space required hardened electronics to prevent electromagnetic damage to spacecraft instruments. The extreme temperature range, from 130°C on the side of the spacecraft facing the Sun to -170°C on the side facing away from the Sun, imposed strict requirements for temperature control in the design of the detectors.
Orbit design and flight sequence control.
Given the conditions of the three-body system of the Earth, Moon and a space probe, the orbit design of lunar orbiters is more complicated than that of Earth-orbiting satellites, which only deal with a two-body system. The Chang'e 1 and Chang'e 2 probes were first sent into highly elliptical Earth orbits. After separating from their launch vehicles, they entered an Earth-Moon transfer orbit through three accelerations in the phase-modulated orbit. These accelerations were conducted 16, 24, and 48 hours into the missions, during which several orbit adjustments and attitude maneuvers were carried out so as to ensure the probes' capture by lunar gravity. After operating in the Earth-Moon orbit for 4–5 days, each probe entered a lunar acquisition orbit. After entering their target orbits, conducting three braking maneuvers and experiencing three different orbit phases, Chang'e 1 and Chang'e 2 carried out their missions.
Attitude control.
Lunar orbiters have to remain properly oriented with respect to the Earth, Moon and Sun. All onboard detectors must be kept facing the lunar surface in order to complete their scientific missions, communication antennas have to face the Earth in order to receive commands and transfer scientific data, and solar panels must be oriented toward the Sun in order to acquire power. During lunar orbit, the Earth, the Moon and the Sun also move, so attitude control is a complex three-vector control process. The Chang'e satellites need to adjust their attitude very carefully to maintain an optimal angle towards all three bodies.
Hazard avoidance.
During the second phase of the program, in which the spacecraft were required to soft-land on the lunar surface, it was necessary to devise a system of automatic hazard avoidance in order that the landers would not attempt to touch down on unsuitable terrain. Chang'e 3 utilized a computer vision system in which the data from a down-facing camera, as well as 2 ranging devices, were processed using specialized software. The software controlled the final stages of descent, adjusting the attitude of the spacecraft and the throttle of its main engine. The spacecraft hovered first at 100m, then at 30m, as it searched for a suitable spot to set down. The Yutu rover is also equipped with front-facing stereo cameras and hazard avoidance technology.
Potential cooperation with Russia.
Anatoly Perminov, head of the Russian Federal Space Agency, revealed in September 2006 in RIA Novosti that Russia and China were working on lunar exploration as partners, and that the Russian-Chinese Space Sub-Commission's priority was to conclude a joint lunar exploration agreement by the end of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5883555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883555" title="Janowiec">
Janowiec

Janowiec is a village in Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Janowiec. It lies approximately south-west of Puławy and west of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 1,000.
It received its town charter in 1537, but lost it in 1870. The ruins of a large castle are nearby.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5883582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883582" title="Community Supermarkets">
Community Supermarkets

Community Supermarkets is a small chain of four family-owned and operated supermarkets with stores in Penn Hills, Fox Chapel, Lower Burrell, and Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania in the United States.
History.
The original Community Market opened in 1927, when Louis Rosenberg started his first grocery and general merchandise store in North Bessemer, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh that is now considered Penn Hills. He had worked with his brothers in the grocery business while a young man.
The supermarkets are now operated by second and third generation members of the Rosenberg family.
Giant Eagle stores.
The family also owns a Giant Eagle grocery store in Verona. A second Giant Eagle grocery store along Allegheny River Boulevard in Oakmont closed in June 2007.
Major competition.
Other grocery stores in Penn Hills include Shop 'n Save and Giant Eagle. A Shur Save store in Penn Hills closed in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5883588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883588" title="Devin Harris">
Devin Harris

Devin Lamar Harris (born February 27, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Harris attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Harris was selected with the fifth pick in the 2004 NBA Draft by the Washington Wizards.
Early life.
Harris was born and raised in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; the son of Terry and Julie Harris. Throughout high school, Harris was a superior athlete and took up basketball and volleyball at Wauwatosa East High School. He played volleyball for only one season, a season in which he gained all-conference honors, before he set that aside to focus on basketball. Harris was nagged by injuries after his sophomore year of high school and was unable to participate in the summer basketball camps and tournaments that are ever important in the recruiting process.
Harris exploded his senior season at Wauwatosa East in 2001, setting school scoring records through an undefeated regular season. Harris was named Wisconsin's "Mr. Basketball" for 2001, edging out Travis Diener of Fond du Lac High School. Harris finally accepted an offer to play for Dick Bennett at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Bennett retired in the midst of the upcoming season and by the time Harris arrived on campus, Bo Ryan was the head coach.
Harris' number 20 jersey was retired by Wauwatosa East at ceremonies held in 2007.
NCAA career.
In Harris's freshman season, the 2001–2002 season, Harris was already a starter on a relatively unheralded team. The Badgers came into the season being predicted to finish as low as ninth in the Big Ten Conference (which had eleven teams at the time). On a team led by seniors Charlie Wills and Travon Davis, the Badgers won an unexpected Big Ten Championship (shared with three other teams: Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio State University).
Harris' sophomore season was his "breakout" year. Harris, along with senior Kirk Penney and fellow sophomore Mike Wilkinson, led the Badgers to their second consecutive Big Ten Championship, where he was named the Most Outstanding Player of the tournament. In the NCAA Tournament, the Badgers reached the "Sweet 16". In the Sweet 16 game against the University of Kentucky, Harris showcased his skill before a national audience, despite an eventual Badger loss.
The 2003–2004 season saw Harris establish himself as one of the top players in the nation. Harris was the leader on the team and was considered a "coach on the floor" by Bo Ryan. He received Big Ten Player of the Year and the Silver Basketball award, and was named a Second Team All-American. Harris decided to leave college early after his junior year to play in the NBA; however, he is currently taking summer classes to get his degree in sociology.
NBA career.
Draft day.
Days prior to the draft, the Washington Wizards and Dallas Mavericks consummated a deal that involved the Wizards' 5th overall pick going to the Mavs along with Jerry Stackhouse and Christian Laettner in exchange for Antawn Jamison. NBA rules prevented teams from trading draft picks for two consecutive years (in addition to trade kicker details in Laettner's contract) so the deal was momentarily delayed until the actual draft in which Washington selected Harris and subsequently traded him to the Mavericks to complete the deal. The Mavs' plan was to bring Harris along slowly under the tutelage of all-star point guard Steve Nash but Nash ended up leaving the team through free agency and signing with the Phoenix Suns.
Dallas Mavericks.
In Harris' rookie season, he averaged 5.7 ppg and 2.2 apg, but put up a PER of 14.69. He ranked 2nd in the NBA in steals per 48 minutes at 3.15 (behind Larry Hughes), and in November 2004 was named the Rookie of the Month. Although he started for much of the early portion of the season, his playing time dwindled as the season progressed.
Harris showed marked improvement in the early stages of the 2005–06 NBA season, especially when it came to scoring; as a result, his minutes increased and he took more ball-handling responsibilities from Jason Terry. He is known for his exceptional speed, earning comparisons to other NBA guards like the Phoenix Suns' Leandro Barbosa and his good friend, the Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade. He ended the year with averages of 9.9 ppg and 3.2 apg. He improved his jump-shot and his ability to split defenses and get to the rim. Unfortunately, he sustained a leg injury midway through the year and missed most of the rest of the regular season. Harris returned for the playoffs and played a huge role in toppling the Mavericks' longtime rivals, the San Antonio Spurs. The Spurs had dominated the Mavs in recent playoff history, ending their playoff runs in 6 games in the 2003 Playoffs and 5 games in the 2001 Playoffs. Devin Harris and the Mavericks reached the 2006 NBA Finals, where they lost to the Miami Heat 4 games to 2.
In the 2006–07 season, Harris averaged 10.2 points, 2.5 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game. After becoming the starting point guard for the Mavericks in the 2006–07 season, he helped lead the Mavericks to a team record of 67 wins in the regular season only to be upset by the eighth-seeded Golden State Warriors in the 2007 Playoffs. Halfway through the 2007–08 season, Harris was averaging career highs with 14.4 points per game and 5.4 assists per game. He was named a co-captain in 2007–08 along with Dirk Nowitzki.
New Jersey Nets.
On February 19, 2008, he was traded to the New Jersey Nets with Keith Van Horn, Trenton Hassell, DeSagana Diop, Maurice Ager, $3 million cash and two first-round draft picks (2008, 2010) in exchange for Jason Kidd, Malik Allen, and Antoine Wright. In his Nets home game debut against the Milwaukee Bucks, he posted 21 points and five assists in just under 21 minutes.Towards the end of the game he was treated to chants of "Dev-in Harris! Dev-in Harris!", and the first 5,000 attendees received Harris T-shirts in the Nets' next home game versus the San Antonio Spurs. After New Jersey missed the playoffs for the first time in 7 years, he expressed that he was not satisfied with the way he played toward the season's end and he said he would mainly need to work on his assertiveness on offense over the summer.
On November 7, 2008, Harris posted a career-high 38 points against All-Star Allen Iverson, who was making his debut with the Detroit Pistons. He later bettered that mark on November 30 with 47 points, including scoring 21 in both the first half and the fourth quarter, against the Suns in the Nets' first win in Phoenix since 1993. On December 19, in Dallas' first game at the Nets' Izod Center since the trade between the two teams, Harris put on a masterful performance posting 41 points and a season-high 13 assists in a blowout victory against his former team, while outplaying the player he was essentially traded for, Jason Kidd. Towards the end of the game, Nets fans were chanting "Thank you Cuban!" (Mavericks team owner Mark Cuban was sitting courtside). On January 29, 2009 Harris was named a reserve for the 2009 NBA All-Star Game. It was the first time Harris was named as an All-Star in his career. On February 23, 2009 in a game against the 76ers, Harris converted a half court buzzer beating 47-foot shot, known as "The Harris Heave," to win the game 98–96.
In a cost-cutting move, the Nets traded Vince Carter on the same day of the 2009 NBA Draft, leaving Harris to assume the role of team captain. Harris was out for large portions of the season with shoulder and ankle injuries, including the team's infamous 0–18 start. His personal play, stats, and talent around him were well below the previous year but he managed to bring his averages back up to just under 17 points per game and 6 assists per game. In order to reduce his risk of injury, Harris took part in a weight training program during the summer of 2010 at Nets' head coach (and Harris' former head coach in Dallas) Avery Johnson's request. He managed to add 15 pounds of muscle and also worked on his defense with Tim Grover.
Utah Jazz.
On February 23, 2011, Harris was traded along with rookie Derrick Favors, 2 draft picks and $3,000,000 cash to the Utah Jazz in exchange for Deron Williams.
Atlanta Hawks.
On July 11, 2012, Harris was traded to the Atlanta Hawks for Marvin Williams.
Return to Dallas Mavericks.
In early July 2013, it was widely reported that Harris would return to his original team, the Dallas Mavericks; however, the deal was later rescinded after it was discovered that Harris would require surgery on a toe injury. However, on July 18, Mavericks owner Mark Cuban expressed his intention to reunite with Harris, stating that he'd be returning to the team following a restructured deal. Indeed, Harris was re-signed to a reported one-year deal at the veteran's minimum of $1.3 million on July 31.
On January 18, 2014, Harris made his season debut with the Mavericks, recording 6 points and 2 assists in a 111-127 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
On July 5, 2014, Harris and the Mavericks agreed on a three-year, $9 million contract.
Personal.
Harris reportedly owns over 400 pairs of sneakers. He credits former teammate Keyon Dooling with helping him improve his wardrobe so he could look "the part of an NBA star." Harris owns the Guinness World Record for "fastest man with a basketball," running the length of the court in 3.9 seconds. In 2009, Harris received the NBA's Community Assist Award for his work with his charitable foundation "34 Ways to Assist."

</doc>
<doc id="5883614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883614" title="Rinuccini">
Rinuccini

Rinuccini is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883625" title="Marcus Porcius Cato Licinianus">
Marcus Porcius Cato Licinianus

Marcus Porcius Cato Licinianus or Cato Licinianus (died about 152 BC) was son of Cato the Elder by his first wife Licinia, and thence called "Licinianus", to distinguish him from his half-brother, Marcus Porcius Cato Salonianus, the son of Salonia. He was distinguished as a jurist.
Biography.
Early life and education.
His father paid great attention to his education, physical as well as mental, and studied to preserve his young mind from every immoral taint. He was taught to ride, to swim, to wrestle, to fence, and, perhaps to the injury of a weak constitution, was exposed to vicissitudes of cold and heat in order to harden his frame. His father would not allow his learned slave Chilo to superintend the education of his son, lest the boy should acquire slavish notions or habits, but wrote lessons of history for him in large letters with his own hand, and afterwards composed a kind of Encyclopaedia for his use. Under such tuition, the young Cato became a wise and virtuous man.
Life as a soldier.
He first entered life as a soldier, and served, 173 BC, in Liguria under the consul Marcus Popilius Laenas. The legion to which he belonged having been disbanded, he took the military oath a second time, by the advice of his father, in order to qualify himself legally to fight against the enemy. In 168 BC, he fought against Perseus of Macedon at the Battle of Pydna under the consul Lucius Aemilius Paullus Macedonicus, whose daughter, Aemilia Tertia, he afterwards married. He distinguished himself in the battle by his personal prowess in a combat in which he first lost and finally recovered his sword. The details of this combat are related with variations by several authors. He returned to the troops on his own side covered with wounds, and was received with applause by the consul, who gave him his discharge in order that he might get cured. Here again his father seems to have cautioned him to take no further part in battle, as after his discharge he was no longer a soldier.
Life as a jurist.
Henceforward he appears to have devoted himself to the practice of the law, in which he attained considerable eminence. In the obscure and corrupt fragment of Sextus Pomponius' "de Origine Juris", after mentioning Sextus and Publius Aelius and Publius Atilius, the author proceeds to speak of the two Catos. This passage seems to speak of a Cato before the Censor, but Pomponius wrote in paragraphs, devoting one to each succession of jurists, and the word "Deinde" commences that of the Catos, though the Censor had been mentioned by anticipation at the end of the preceding paragraph. From the Catos, father and son, the subsequent jurists traced their succession. Apollinaris Sulpicius, in that passage of Aulus Gellius which is the principal authority with respect to the genealogy of the Cato family, speaks of the son as having written “egregios de juris disciplina libros”. Festus (under "Mundus") cites the "commentarii juris civilis" of Cato, probably the son, and Julius Paullus cites Cato's 15th book. Cicero censures Cato and Brutus for introducing in their published responsa the names of the persons who consulted them. Celsus cites an opinion of Cato concerning the intercalary month, and the "regula" or "sententia Catoniana" is frequently mentioned in the "Digest". The "regula Catoniana" was a celebrated rule of Roman law to the effect, that a legacy should never be valid unless it would have been valid if the testator had died immediately after he had made his will. This rule (which had several exceptions) was a particular case of a more general maxim: “Quod initio non valet, id tractu temporis non potest convalescere”. The greater celebrity of the son as a jurist, and the language of the citations from Cato, render it likely that the son is the Cato of the "Digest". From the manner in which Cato is mentioned in the Institutes,—“Apud Catonem bene scriptum refert antiquitas,”—it may be inferred, that he was known only at second hand in the time of Justinian.
He died when praetor designatus, about 152 BC, a few years before his father, who bore his loss with resignation, and, on the ground of poverty, gave him a frugal funeral.
His elder son was the consul of 118 BC, Marcus Porcius Cato. 

</doc>
<doc id="5883630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883630" title="Cyathea foersteri">
Cyathea foersteri

Cyathea foersteri is a species of tree fern native to eastern New Guinea, where it grows in scrub in forest margins and mossy forest at an altitude of 1600-2800 m. The trunk is erect and up to 10 m tall. Fronds may be bi- or tripinnate and 2-2.5 m long. Usually around nine or ten live fronds are present in the crown at once. The stipe is covered in pale scales. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and are protected by firm, thin indusia.
"C. foersteri" appears to be closely related to "Cyathea archboldii". It differs from that species in its frond shape, with the lower pinnae being reduced, and in its short stipes. "Cyathea nigrolineata" is thought to be even more similar and further study is needed to determine whether these two taxa represent the same species or not.

</doc>
<doc id="5883638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883638" title="Emilio Arrieta">
Emilio Arrieta

Pascual Juan Emilio Arrieta Corera (Puente la Reina, Navarre, 21 October 1823 – Madrid, 11 February 1894) was a Spanish composer. His Italian musical training led him, under the favour of Queen Isabel II, to concentrate on operatic writing; and though he later composed "zarzuelas," he remained less committed to the renascent art form than his contemporaries such as Francisco Asenjo Barbieri, who continued to write in an essentially Italianate style throughout his life. His "zarzuela" "Marina", one of the most popular lyric stage works in the Spanish repertoire, has been produced and recorded both on CD and DVD many times.

</doc>
<doc id="5883646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883646" title="LLHS">
LLHS

LLHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883647" title="Sebastián Ramírez de Fuenleal">
Sebastián Ramírez de Fuenleal

Sebastián Ramírez de Fuenleal (b. ca. 1490, Villaescusa de Haro, Cuenca, Spain, d. January 22, 1547, Valladolid, Spain) was bishop of Santo Domingo and president of the Audiencia of Santo Domingo 1528 to 1531. He was also president of the second Audiencia of New Spain (January 10, 1531 to April 16, 1535). Later he was a member of the Council of the Indies.
Early life.
Ramírez de Fuenleal was born in Cuenca, to a family of the hidalgo class. He entered the University of Valladolid at the age of 16, where he received a degree in canon law. In 1520 he became inquisitor of Seville. He was later a member of the Royal Chancery of Granada.
Bishop of Santo Domingo.
He was named bishop of Santo Domingo and president of its Audiencia, occupying these positions from 1528 to 1531. In Hispaniola he punished mistreatment of the Indians, reorganized the treasury, and faced the rebellion of Enriquillo in Bahoruco. He built schools, established villages and constructed public works. He paid particular attention to mining, and to the rights of the Indians.
At this time the African slave trade to Hispaniola and Cuba was just beginning, in order to supply labor for the mines and for sugar production. Bishop Ramírez did not oppose this slave trade, which was considered necessary at the time. He did oppose monopolies in the slave trade that led to inflated prices.
President of the Audiencia of Mexico.
The second Audiencia of New Spain was named in a royal decree dated January 12, 1530. It included Bishop Ramírez de Fuenleal as president and Juan de Salmerón, Alonso de Maldonado, Francisco Ceinos and Vasco de Quiroga as "oidores" (judges). These individuals had been nominated by the bishop of Badajoz, who was also president of the Chancery of Valladolid. In contrast to the members of the first Audiencia, all of these men were honest, honorable and capable. All were licentiates. 
The nominated oidores were located in various parts of Spain at the time; Ramírez de Fuenleal was in Santo Domingo. The king directed that whoever among them arrived first in New Spain should begin immediately to govern.
Cortés was returning to New Spain from Spain at about this time. He had just successfully defended his previous actions before the king, and was newly created Marqués del Valle de Oaxaca and reappointed captain general of the colony. He stopped in Santo Domingo on his way, to become acquainted with Ramírez de Fuenleal. Cortés continued on to New Spain, arriving at Veracruz on July 15, 1530. Bishop Ramírez de Fuenleal and Licenciado Quiroga arrived in Mexico City in early October. They took time to find lodgings and rest before they taking over the government.
They began to exercise government functions on January 10, 1531. Bishop Ramírez carried with him a letter of strong reprimand for Mexico City Bishop Juan de Zumárraga and instructions to begin "juicios de residencia" against the members of the first Audiencia (Nuño Beltrán de Guzmán, Juan Ortiz de Matienzo and Diego Delgadillo), as well as Cortés and Diego Hernández de Proaño. These investigations took place in due time.
The second Audiencia improved the road from Veracruz to Mexico City, and along the way founded the city of Puebla de los Angeles as a resting-place for travelers (April 16, 1531). It imported horses and cattle from Spain, took steps to import a printing press, founded the Imperial College of Santiago Tlatelolco for higher learning for young Indigenous men, renewed exploration, and continued work on the cathedral of Mexico City. 
Bishop Ramírez was among those who encouraged the Franciscan missionaries in Mexico to investigate and document the pre-Columbian cultures of the Aztec Empire. He was a defender of the human rights of the Indigenous population. He proposed the substitution of payment in kind and encomiendas to replace the payment of tributes then imposed on the Indians. He ordered the construction of an aqueduct to supply Mexico City. He pacified the country and organized the laws, paving the way for the arrival of the first viceroy, Antonio de Mendoza, in 1535.
The year 1532 was a tumultuous one in New Spain. For one thing, the institution of slavery became subject to governmental regulation. The enslavement of Indians was prohibited. Also, the Audiencia brought back verdicts on the "juicios de residencia" of Cortés, the oidores of the first Audiencia, and others. Cortés and Bishop Zumárraga were acquitted; Ortiz de Matienzo and Delgadillo were convicted, but not sentenced. On April 25, 1532, Emperor Charles V signed a degree raising Oaxaca to the rank of a city.
Meantime the calumnies spread by the enemies of Bishop Zumárraga and the partisans of the first Audiencia had shaken the confidence of the Spanish Court. Zumárraga was ordered to return to Spain to defend himself before the Council of the Indies. He set sail in May 1532. Zumárraga, however, had little difficulty vindicating his good name, and was formally consecrated bishop at Valladolid on April 27, 1533. He returned to New Spain in October 1534.
On April 15, 1535, Cortés began an expedition to explore the coasts of Sinaloa, Sonora and Baja California. On this expedition he is credited with discovering the Sea of Cortés.
Later career.
On August 25, 1535, news was received in Mexico City of the expected arrival of Antonio de Mendoza, the first viceroy of New Spain. He took over governmental functions from the Audiencia on November 14, 1535, the day of his arrival. Ramírez de Fuenleal, ill, returned to Spain in 1537 to recover his health. He was successively bishop of Tuy, León (1540) and Cuenca (1542). From 1540 he was president of the Chancery of Valladolid and a member of the Council of the Indies. He had some involvement in the New Laws of 1542, serving as editor.
He died on January 22, 1547 in Valladolid, Spain. At the time of his death he was president of the Chancery of Valladolid and bishop of Cuenca. He was interred in the Dominican convent of La Santa Cruz, in the town of Villaescusa de Haro, where he had been born.

</doc>
<doc id="5883648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883648" title="Archaeospheniscus lowei">
Archaeospheniscus lowei

Lowe's penguin ("Archaeospheniscus lowei") is the type species of the extinct penguin genus "Archaeospheniscus". It stood approximately 85-115 cm high, between a modern king penguin and an emperor penguin in size. It is known from bones of a single individual (Otago Museum C.47.20) and possibly some additional material such as the OM C.47.27 femur, all recovered from the Late Oligocene Kokoamu Greensand Formation (27-28 MYA) at Duntroon, New Zealand.
The species' binomen was given in honor of Percy Lowe, who researched prehistoric penguins and proposed a theory (now considered erroneous) that these birds were derived from reptiles independently of the other modern birds.

</doc>
<doc id="5883652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883652" title="List of most consecutive games scoring in NCAA football">
List of most consecutive games scoring in NCAA football

The following is a list of the all-time leading NCAA Division I-A college football teams (in the United States) ranked by the number of consecutive games in which they scored.
FBS.
These are the rankings for the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS):
† Active streak
FCS.
These are the rankings for the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS):
† Active streak
^ This number does not include 194 games where Dayton was a member of Division III; altogether Dayton has scored in 411 consecutive games.

</doc>
<doc id="5883654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883654" title="Ernesto Buonaiuti">
Ernesto Buonaiuti

Ernesto Buonaiuti (1881 – 1946) was an Italian historian, philosopher of religion, Christian priest and anti-fascist. He lost his chair at the University of Rome owing to his opposition to the Fascists and their Concordat with the Catholic Church.
As a scholar in History of Christianity and religious philosophy he was one of the most important exponents of the modernist current.
Life.
Buonaiuti was born in Rome on April 24, 1881. He was ordained priest on December 19, 1903, and began his studies working with the historian of religion Salvatore Minocchi. He made use of the positive method in his study of early Christianity in his book "Il cristianesimo primitivo e la Politica imperiale romana" ("Primitive Christianity and Roman Imperial Politics", 1911). 
At the age of 24 he founded the magazine "Rivista storico-critica delle scienze teologiche" ("Historical-critical Review of the Theological Sciences"), in order to propagate his vision of religious culture in Italy, and after that he directed the magazine "Ricerche religiose" ("Religious Researches"). Those magazines were soon banned by the church and placed on the "Index Librorum Prohibitorum", the index of publications to be considered as forbidden to Catholic readers. 
On January 25, 1925 he was punished with excommunication, which was confirmed several times, because in his works he defended the ideas of the modernist current, particularly in "Il programma dei modernisti" ("The Modernists' Program", 1908) and "Lettere di un prete modernista" ("Letters from a Modernist Priest", 1908).
In his autobiography "Il pellegrino di Roma" ("The Pilgrim from Rome", 1945), Buonaiuti reconstructed the history of his conflict with the Catholic Church, of which he continued to claim himself a "loyal son", even after his excommunication.
From 1925 he was Professor of History of Christianity at the University of Rome; however, after the Concordat in 1929, the University forbade him to teach and to examine students, and he was given non-academic tasks, such as library investigation and the writing of research papers. In 1931 his university chair was definitively revoked, because he refused to swear the "oath of loyalty" to Fascism (all teachers were forced by law to swear an oath of loyalty to the Fascist government, and those who refused were fired).
In 1945, after the Allied victory in the Second World War he was restored to his rank of university professor, but he was not allowed to give lectures, since, according to the bureaucracy and the laws resulting from the Concordat, which were retained by the new government, teaching in any Italian State University was forbidden to any excommunicated priest.
He died on April 20, 1946 in Rome.
Works.
The complete works of Buonaiuti are very extensive: he wrote more than three thousand works, including books and articles, among them the ponderous "Storia del Cristianesimo" ("History of Christianity") in three volumes, his autobiography ("Il pellegrino di Roma") and many studies about Gioacchino da Fiore ("Gioacchino da Fiore: i tempi, la vita, il messaggio") and Martin Luther ("Lutero e la riforma in Germania").
"Storia del Cristianesimo".
The three books of "Storia del Cristianesimo" were published between 1942 and 1943; the first volume is about ancient times, the second is about the Middle Ages and the third is about the modern era.
It is considered Buonaiuti's most significant academic work. As he himself wrote in his autobiography of 1945, the work was motivated by apologetic reasons: "in order to draw up the definitive balance-sheet of Christian action in history, now that from a thousand signs one could easily and certainly deduce that Christianity was approaching its hour of dramatic expiration".
The main theme of the work revolves around the mystic and moral character of Christianity and its subsequent transformation into a philosofico-theological system and a bureaucratic organization. In Buonaiuti's view, the main religions are not speculative views of the world or rational schematizations of reality, but normative indications of a set of pre-rational and spiritual behaviours. Christianity, born as an announcement of palingenesis, implied a huge social program "which imposed a progressive conceptual enrichment and an increasingly rigid disciplinary organization. To live and bear fruit in the world, Christianity was condemned to lose its nature and degenerate" ("Storia del cristianesimo", I, p. 15 and seq.). The only chance of salvation for the Church and all of modern society is, in Buonaiuti's view, the restoration of the elementary values of primitive Christianity: love, pain, regret, death.
"Il Pellegrino di Roma" (also "La generazione dell'esodo").
The title of this autobiographical work, published in Rome in 1945, cites a definition that the Italian historian Luigi Salvatorelli gave of him, entitling one of his essays "Ernesto Buonaiuti, pellegrino di Roma" to emphasize Buonaiuti's love for the Catholic Church, despite the grave disciplinary sanctions he had to face ("La Cultura", XII, 1933, pp. 375–391). Buonaiuti claims as his own two works of a modernist tendency published anonymously in 1908: "Lettere di un prete modernista" ("Letters from a Modernist Priest"), which he considered "a youth's sin", and "Il Programma dei Modernisti" ("The Modernists' Program"). His modernist positions are motivated by scientific reasons (Biblical criticism and exegesis). Initially his modernism seemed similar to the positions of Protestant liberal theologians like Albrecht Ritschl and Adolf von Harnack; however, after researching spirituality in the ancient world, from Zarathustra to the Greek tragedians, Buonaiuti began to recognize in pre-Christian spiritual experiences an anticipation of the Christian view of life. Buonaiuti claimed to be Catholic and to want to stay so "usque dum vivam" ("as long as I live"), as he wrote to the theology faculty of the University of Lausanne, which had offered him a chair in History of Christianity if he joined the Calvinist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5883663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883663" title="Elliot Moose (TV series)">
Elliot Moose (TV series)

Elliot Moose is a Canadian children's live-action and animated series which was aired on TVOntario in Canada and PBS in the United States as part of the PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch until it was cancelled.
Currently, the series airs on the TV station Qubo in the United States. Based on a series of children's books by Andrea Beck, its 104 episodes show the adventures of a young moose named Elliot who lives in a place called "The Big House", and shares adventures while having lots of fun with his friends; Beaverton, Lionel, Socks, and Paisley. The series was produced by Nelvana, then later on Corus Entertainment.
The series was developed by Jed MacKay and produced by Marianne Culbert. The series was unique in that half of the stories were animated, and half were live action; reflecting children's real world of play and their imaginary world. The music was composed by Bruce Ley and Jed MacKay.

</doc>
<doc id="5883666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883666" title="Rubini">
Rubini

Rubini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5883685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883685" title="Ananda Everingham">
Ananda Everingham

Ananda Everingham (; , born 31 May 1982 in Thailand) is a Lao-Australian film actor who was born in Thailand. Working primarily in Thai films, he is best known for his lead role in the 2004 horror film, "Shutter".
Biography.
Ananda Matthew Everingham is the son of an Australian father, Bangkok-based photojournalist John Everingham, and a Lao mother, Keo Sirisomphone. His parents' story was loosely dramatized in the 1983 NBC television movie, "Love Is Forever", starring Michael Landon and Laura Gemser, which tells of a photojournalist who scuba dives under the Mekong to rescue his lover from communist ruled Laos in 1977. It was this movie that in 1983 also led to the senior Everingham mentoring Cork Graham, who was soon imprisoned for 11 months in Vietnam for trespassing while looking for treasure buried by Captain Kidd. His parents divorced in 1997. John re-married a Chinese woman. Ananda has one brother, Chester Jay Everingham and one half-brother, Zenith Lee Everingham.
Ananda was born in Thailand. He attended Bangkok Patana School. He holds Australian citizenship and visited Brisbane on school holidays. He received some schooling there while living with his grandparents Joan Victoria and late George Matthew Everingham. At age 14, while working part-time in his family's Indian restaurant, Himali Cha Cha, he was discovered by Mingkwan Sangsuwan of GMM Grammy, Thailand's largest entertainment company. He soon started acting in films. At age 16, he switched from Bangkok Patana School to a tutoring school where he would follow flexible course and times while filming.
Aside from "Shutter", Ananda has starred in the horror-comedy, "Ghost Delivery" and the teen-slasher movie, "303 Fear Faith Revenge". In 2005, he starred in the Singaporean romance film, "The Leap Years". In 2007, he played the lead roles in the romantic dramas "Me ... Myself", and "Bangkok Time". He had featured roles in the Singaporean film "Pleasure Factory", and in Pen-ek Ratanaruang's "Ploy". He was cast in the 2008 film by Nonzee Nimibutr, "Queen of Langkasuka". On 5 June 2008, his movie Sabaidee Luang Prabang, the first Lao commercial film shot since it adopted communism in 1975, was released in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="5883687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883687" title="Sammartini">
Sammartini

Sammartini is a surname, and may refer to one of the two brothers

</doc>
<doc id="5883709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883709" title="Carriage of Goods by Sea Act">
Carriage of Goods by Sea Act

The Carriage of Goods by Sea Act ("COGSA") is a United States statute governing the rights and responsibilities between shippers of cargo and ship-owners regarding ocean shipments to and from the United States. It is the U.S. enactment of the International Convention Regarding Bills of Lading, commonly known as the "Hague Rules". It was found in Title 46 Appendix of the United States Code, starting at Section 1301, but has been moved to a note in 46 United States Code 30701.
The United States Congress, concerned that the Hague Rules did not offer shippers enough protection against damage to cargo by shipowners, amended the Hague Rules in a number of minor, but important, ways. It increased the amount that shipowners would have to pay cargo owners for damage in transit from GBP 100 per package to USD 500 per package or, for goods not shipped in packages, per customary freight unit. This "package limitation" has become one of the most contentious and litigious areas in the field of cargo damage, particularly as it relates to the transportation of goods by ocean shipping containers.
History of Limitation of Liability for Cargo Damage.
At the time of the passage of COGSA most cargo was shipped in boxes, crates, and bags. Shortly after its passage, cargo owners determined that cargo could be handled more efficiently if placed on pallets, a process that results in numerous boxes or bags of cargo being consolidated on a single pallet. Shipowners, seeing an opportunity to reduce their liability for cargo damage, argued to the courts that the pallets were now "packages" and that they were entitled to limit their liability to $500 per pallet. Some courts agreed.
Later, shipowners began offering cargo owners the opportunity to ship their cargoes in large ocean shipping containers. The containers came in two sizes — high x wide x long (2.4 m x 2.4 m x 6 m) or 8 x 8 x long. The term "Twenty-foot equivalent unit" or TEU derived from this size - a TEU was a space aboard a ship that was wide by high by long.
Shipowners, again seeing an opportunity to limit their liability, began arguing that the containers were "packages" and that they could limit their liability to $500 per container, even though the contents of a container may be valued at over $500,000. Again, some courts agreed.
It is this imbalance, both in the relative bargaining power of cargo owners, and the superior bargaining power of shipowners, and the imbalance between $500 per container and the true value of a shipment which has led to countless lawsuits and judicial opinions over the "package limitation" problem.
The rest of the world, seeing this as an attempt by shipowners to free themselves from responsibility for protecting cargo, amended the Hague Rules in 1968 with the Visby Amendments which eliminated the "per package" limitation and substituted a limitation per kilogram. In so doing, litigation concerning limitations on liability became virtually non-existent outside the United States. However, Congress failed to pass the Visby Amendments to the Hague Rules.
Limitation of Liability for Cargo not shipped in Packages.
Many types of cargo are not shipped in packages such as automobiles, yachts, cranes, and heavy construction equipment. For those cargoes, Congress had intended the limitation on liability for shipowners to be $500 per 100 cubic feet (3.7 m3).
At the time of the passage of COGSA the customary freight unit for most cargo was the "revenue ton" - the number of long tons (2240 lb, 1017 kg) or measurement tons (100 cubic feet) that would produce the most revenue for the shipowner. For example, a cargo of aluminium ingots, which were not packaged for shipment, would be heavy and dense, so the customary freight unit for aluminum ingots would be the long ton, a measurement of weight. By comparison, a shipment of canoes, which were not packaged for shipment, would be light but would take up a large volume, ensuring the customary freight unit would be the measurement ton of . If a canoe were wide by high by long (0.6 m x 0.6 m x 3 m), its measurement would be 40 cubic feet (2 x 2 x 10) which would be one measurement ton (anything less than 100 would be 1 by default) and hence the limitation would be $500 per canoe.
The courts, possibly believing that Congress' approach was too cumbersome, jettisoned the word "customary" from the phrase "customary freight unit" and decided that whatever freight unit the shipowner applied would be the freight unit for determining the limitation on liability. Again, seeing an opportunity to limit their liability for cargo damage, shipowners began freighting all cargo by unit, rather than by units of weight or measurement. Consequently an automobile which might have a volume of 400 cubic feet (15 m3), or 4 measurement tons, which would previously entitle the carrier to a limitation of $2000, was now freighted as "one automobile" thereby reducing the shipowner's liability from $2000 per automobile to $500.

</doc>
<doc id="5883717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883717" title="Eastern mosquitofish">
Eastern mosquitofish

The eastern mosquitofish, "Gambusia holbrooki", is a species of freshwater fish, closely related to the western mosquitofish, "Gambusia affinis". It is a member of the family Poeciliidae of order Cyprinodontiformes. The western mosquitofish has a larger distribution throughout the United States, while the eastern mosquitofish is native to eastern and southern United States spanning from Florida to Delaware and as far interior as Alabama and Tennessee.
Description.
"G. holbrooki" is a small, light colored fish with semi-transparent fins. The females usually have a black stripe near their eye area and light spots can be seen on the caudal and dorsal fins of both sexes. Due to its similar size, shape and reproductive habits, it can easily be mistaken for a guppy. Generally, males reach and females . These fish are a live bearer species and as such the females are larger and more rounded then the males. Pregnant females are also easily recognizable by their gravid spot; a darker area on their bellies where they hold the fry.
Diet.
"G. holbrooki" is considered a planktivorous species which consumes algae and detritus to enhance its dietary requirements. Feeding habits seem to change based on maturity and mating season."Gambusia holbrooki" is a planktivorous species that will, if need arises, switch food sources to survive. With an increase of competition, this species will switch from a diet rich in plankton, algae, and detritus to one consisting of zooplankton, other invertebrates, the larvae of many species, and plant-associated animals. The main source of competition for "G. holbrooki" seems to be an increase of its own species and other planktivorous species. The main problem with this is, as mentioned before, it will change its diet; this is common even among the juveniles and both sexes of its own species. The females tend to not specialize on one prey, and consume all evenly, whereas the males and juveniles specialize on one prey type. However. males, females, and juveniles all consume detritus at the same rate.
Habitat.
"Gambusia holbrooki" is found in the southeastern United States and has become an invasive species in Australia, where they were released as a method to decrease mosquito populations. This species thrives in shallow water between 31 and 35°C, and seems to be able to acclimate to temperatures above and below this. "G. holbrooki" has been shown to survive in water with pH and chemical levels known to kill other fish species, and prefers to live in areas where the water flows at a slow pace, is clear and without free-floating plant life, and seeks shelter in rooted plants."Gambusia holbrooki" is native to the southeastern United States, and can be found in many of the lakes within that area, which includes lakes east of the Mississippi River. No decrease in this species due to human activities has been noted. "G. holbrooki" is easily maintained and has never been considered an endangered or threatened species due to its ability to thrive in its native habitat. Due to releases in new areas, "G. holbrooki" has actually increased its range. It tolerates chemical and temporal changes quite easily, and this might be one reason they have not shown a decrease in population due to environmental changes caused by humans.
Reproduction.
Temperature has been shown to change the length of time it takes them to reach reproductive maturity and body size. This species is also known to give birth to live young instead of laying a clutch of eggs. The breeding season for "Gambusia holbrooki" is between midspring and midautumn, with the peak breeding time being around summer. Females can have up to nine broods per mating season, with the average size ranging from five to 100. The variability of the average brood size is due to many variables, including temperature, age, and available nutrients. Higher temperatures have been shown to increase the fecundity of this species. The gestation period for this species is between 22 and 25 days.
Growth.
The offspring juvenile stage lasts between 18 days and eight weeks. Once again, changes in temperature affects these numbers; colder temperatures decrease and higher temperatures can increase maturity. This species can have several generations within their breeding period due to the fast rate of growth. The usual life span is between one and two years, as determined by stress factors in their habitats. Sexual selection in this species is based on the size of the male. Females tend to choose larger, more aggressive males. Females tend to choose areas of shallow water with dark soil cover for brooding sites, while juveniles prefer more rooted plants in which to hide. The main human-induced change that affects the growth rate and life history of "G. holbrooki" is the water temperature, which, as stated before, can increase or decrease both the growth rates and birth rates.
Environmental impact.
Since "G. holbrooki" is not considered endangered or threatened, no true management plan is in effect for this species within the United States. In fact, this fish is considered an invasive species in Australia, due to its ability to thrive in many different environmental conditions which are usually lethal to other fish species. The main recommendation for this species is to find a way to decrease their numbers in areas where they are considered an invasive species. In Australia, they have been introduced as a means to control the mosquito population. However, they have become an invasive species that causes harm to native species which have an aquatic larval stage. Australia has set up conservation management plans to try to save native species from "Gambusia holbrooki". One such management plan included releasing a chemical known to kill mosquito larvae. The chemicals used were found to have a strong effect on the "G. holbrooki", but they became tolerant to most of them fairly rapidly unless amounts considered unsafe for native species were used. Another tried and failed attempt to decrease this invasive species was electrifying a lake known to have been invaded. The cost and loss of native fish was so great, this method was dropped. The main reason it failed was these fish stay in the shallows, which receive the smallest charge from the electrification method used. Later tests also revealed this species has a high tolerance for electrical shock, but the exact mechanism that allows this still seems to be questionable. Eastern mosquitofish were introduced to control mosquitoes, when in reality various small Australian native fish were already keeping mosquitoes to a minimal level. They are aggressive, fin-nipping harassers of other fish, and pose a serious threat to native Australian fish and aquatic fauna. Negative impacts on rainbowfish species and at least one frog species have been documented. Several rainbowfish populations appear to have become extinct due to the impacts of introduced "Gambusia".
Population eradication.
The management recommendation for this species would be for the areas where "Gambusia holbrooki" is considered invasive, since there is no known need to have a conservation management plan set up to protect this species in its native area. This, of course, is due to its ability to grow and reproduce at a fast rate, and the ease of raising a population under controlled supervision. Using population density would be the best way to keep track of the population in the areas where it is considered invasive; since it is not native, the population should be zero in these areas. A minnow seine would be the best type of equipment to use when measuring the population density, due to their small size. Samples for this species would have to be taken in the shallows of lakes where the water is slow, has little floating vegetation, and has rooted plants, where they thrive and have become an invasive species . Sampling frequency would be based on the overall growth and spread of this species. In areas known to be heavily populated, more frequent sampling would have to be taken to know how fast the population is increasing, which allows for better control by a concentrated attack during periods of lower population density. It seems the only safe route to remove this invasive species is by catching the adults with a net and using one of the poisons known to kill this species. Most of the young should be killed by the poison, with the adults being physically removed. This method could cause a decrease within the population, and if kept up, could eradicate them from the introduced areas.
Predators.
Little research has been done to determine all "G. holbrooki" predators, due to its own predatory nature in the areas where it has been introduced. In the introduced areas, it has been known to cause top-down trophic effects due to its eating the larvae of some top predators, which include frogs and other fish.

</doc>
<doc id="5883734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883734" title="The 33 Strategies of War">
The 33 Strategies of War

The 33 Strategies of War by Robert Greene is a "guide to the subtle social game of everyday life informed by the ... military principles in war.". It is composed of discussions and examples on offensive and defensive strategies from a wide variety of people and conditions, applying them to social conflicts such as family quarrels and business negotiations. 
Reception.
"The Independent" said Greene has set himself up as "a modern-day Machiavelli" but that "it is never clear whether he really believes what he writes or whether it is just his shtick, an instrument of his will to shift £20 hardbacks." and concludes "There is something less than adult about it all." Admiral James G. Stavridis said the book had good breadth, but it lacked depth. Leadership theorist and author John Adair said Green "shows a poor grasp of the subject" and the book is based on the flawed "assumption that the art of military strategy and the art of living are comparable". Booklist said the book was repetitive, lacked a sense of humor, and had an annoying "quasi-spiritual tone". NBA player Chris Bosh stated that his favorite book is "The 33 Strategies of War". 
"The 33 Strategies of War" was part of the reading list for youths attending the Indigenous Leadership Forum organised by the University of Victoria, which aimed to redesign radical Indigenous politics and the Indigenist movement. It is also read by students attending a Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary course in Christian apologetics.
In the book Greene reveals that "Afghanistan was rich in natural gas and other minerals and had ports on the Indian Ocean". The political tales in the book are said to be "mostly foolish or just plain wrong".
The book has "far too many duff sentences", for example: "Your goal is to blend philosophy and war, wisdom and battle, into an unbeatable blend."
It has sold more than 200,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5883740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883740" title="Wheeling (electric power transmission)">
Wheeling (electric power transmission)

In electric power transmission, wheeling is the transportation of electric power (megawatts or megavolt-amperes) over transmission lines.
Electric power networks are divided into transmission and distribution networks. Transmission lines move electric power between generating facilities and substations, usually in or near population centers. From substations, power is sent to users over a distribution network. A transmission line might move power over a few miles or hundreds of miles.
An entity that generates power does not have to own power transmission lines: only a connection to the network or grid. The entity then pays the owner of the transmission line based on how much power is being moved and how congested the line is.
Some power generating entities join a group which has shared ownership of transmission lines. These groups may include investor-owned utilities, government agencies, or a combination of these.
Since prices to move power are based on congestion in transmission line networks, utilities try to charge customers more to use power during peak usage (demand) periods. This is accomplished by installing time-of-use meters to recover wheeling costs.

</doc>
