<doc id="5904863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904863" title="Flabellum">
Flabellum

A flabellum (plural flabella), in Christian liturgical use, is a fan made of metal, leather, silk, parchment or feathers, intended to keep away insects from the consecrated Body and Blood of Christ and from the priest, as well as to show honour. The ceremonial use of such fans dates back to ancient Egypt, and an example was found in the tomb of Tutankhamun. A flabellum is also a fan-shaped structure on the fifth legs of horseshoe crabs (Xiphosura).
History.
Flabella were in use in both pagan rituals and in the Christian Church from very early days. The Apostolic Constitutions, a work of the fourth century, state (VIII, 12): "Let two of the deacons, on each side of the altar, hold a fan, made up of thin membranes, or of the feathers of the peacock, or of fine cloth, and let them silently drive away the small animals that fly about, that they may not come near to the cups".
Western Christianity.
Flabella were originally used liturgically in the West as well as the East, but their use in the Mass was discontinued in the Latin Church about the fourteenth century.
Apart from the foregoing liturgical uses, a flabellum, in the shape of a fan, later of an umbrella or canopy, was used as a mark of honour for bishops and princes. Prior to Vatican II, two fans of this kind were used at the Vatican whenever the pope was carried in state on the sedia gestatoria to or from the altar or audience-chamber. Through the influence of Count Ditalmo di Brozza, the fans formerly used at the Vatican were, in 1902, presented to Mrs. Joseph Drexel of Philadelphia, USA, by Pope Leo XIII, and in return she gave a new pair to the Vatican. The old ones are exhibited in the museum of the University of Pennsylvania. The spread is formed of great ostrich plumes tipped with peacock feathers; on the palm (base of the fan) are the arms of the Holy See, worked in heavy gold on a crimson field, the tiara being studded with rubies and emeralds. The new pair of flabella is on display in the Vatican museum.
Lisbon Patriarchal Cathedral also holds two Flabella and one Sedia Gestatoria in its museum. It is thought the right of the Cardinal patriarchs to use such honour was granted after the efforts of king John V of Portugal that obtained the titles and other honours such as the use of a dove, symbolizing the Holy Spirit, above the Cardinal Patriarch's carriage, in imitation of that of the Popes.
Eastern Christianity.
In the Eastern Orthodox and Greek-Catholic Churches the sacred fan (, "hagion ripidion", plural: άγια ριπίδια, "hagia ripidia"; sometimes εξαπτέρυγον, "hexapterygon", plural: εξαπτέρυγα "hexapteryga"—literally, "six-winged"), is still used to the present day. It is generally made of metal, round, having the iconographic likeness of a seraph with six wings surrounding a face, and is set on the end of a pole. Fans of carved, gilded, or painted wood are also found. They are usually made in pairs.
Historical examples.
Among the ornaments found belonging to the church of St. Riquier, in Ponthieu (813), there is a silver flabellum (Migne, P. L., CLXXIV, 1257), and for the chapel of Cisoin, near Lisle, another flabellum of silver is noted in the will of Everard (died 937), the founder of that abbey. When, in 1777, Martène wrote his "Voyage Littéraire", the Abbey of Tournus, on the Saône river in France, possessed an old flabellum, which had an ivory handle two feet long, and was beautifully carved; the two sides of the ivory circular disc were engraved with fourteen figures of saints. Pieces of this fan, dating from the eighth century, are in the Musée Cluny at Paris, and in the Collection Carrand.
Very ornate and impractical flabella were made in gold and jewels in the Romanesque period; the example in the Metropolitan Museum is especially intricate.
Examples of the Eastern Christian style is also found in the Slavic "ripidion" of the thirteenth century, preserved at Moscow, and in the one shown in the Megaspileon monastery in Greece. On this latter disc are carved the Theotokos and Child and it is encircled by eight medallions containing the images of cherubim and of the Four Evangelists.
The inventory, taken in 1222, of the treasury of Salisbury, enumerates a silver fan and two of parchment.
The richest and most beautiful specimen is the flabellum of the thirteenth century in the Abbey of Kremsmünster in Upper Austria. It has the shape of a Greek cross and is ornamented with fretwork and the representation of the Resurrection of Christ.
St. Paul's Cathedral, London, had a fan made of peacock feathers, and York Cathedral's inventory mentions a silver handle of a fan, which was gilded and had upon it the enamelled picture of the bishop. Haymo (Hamo Hethe), Bishop of Rochester (died 1352), gave to his church a fan of silver with an ivory handle.

</doc>
<doc id="5904865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904865" title="Tekovská Breznica">
Tekovská Breznica

Tekovská Breznica (, ) is a municipality in the Žarnovica District, Banská Bystrica Region in Slovakia.
Location.
The village is 5 km south of Nová Baňa and about 15 km south of Žarnovica.
History.
It was first mentioned in 1276 when the Benedictine Abbey of Hronský Beňadik protested against the Archbishopric of Esztergom occupying the property of the Abbey in the Breznica border.
The castle was built by the archbishop of Esztergom in the late 13th century. Matthew III Csák took it by digging a tunnel under the castle walls. After the death of Matthew Csák in 1321, it was again the property of the archbishop. It was recruited in the 15th century. After the unsuccessful conspiracy of the archbishop János Vitéz against King Matthias Corvinus in 1472 it was taken by the king.
In 1564 the village belonged to the Revište dominium owned by the Dóczy family. In 1568 it was devastated by the Ottoman troops. Aga Mustafa, the Ottoman governor of Esztergom, devastated again the village in 1647, when a lot of inhabitants was slaughtered, others were dragged by Ottomans.
In 1720, 44 taxpayers lived in the settlement. In 1768 there were 63 peasant houses, 11 cotter huts and 2 noble mansions in Tekovská Breznica. In 1766 the Banská Bystrica Bishopric was the landowner in the village. In 1828 there were 136 houses and 788 inhabitants. In 1910 there were 1177 mainly Slovak inhabitants.
Until the Treaty of Trianon in 1920, the village belonged to the Aranyosmarót district of Bars county of the Kingdom of Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="5904869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904869" title="Amphinectidae">
Amphinectidae

The Amphinectidae are a spider family with about 180 described species in 35 genera.
The family Neolanidae, with its only genus "Neolana", was merged into this family in 2005.
Distribution.
This family is almost exclusively confined to New Zealand and the Australian region, with only "Metaltella" found in South America from Argentina to Brazil, and "Calacadia" in Chile.
"Metaltella simoni" has been introduced in a large part of the Southern United States (records exist from California, Louisiana, Mississippi and Florida) and is considered an invasive species in Florida. It is feared that it could extirpate the native titanoecid species "Titanoeca brunnea".

</doc>
<doc id="5904871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904871" title="Kyr">
Kyr

The abbreviation kyr means "thousand years". An associate abbreviation is kya "thousand years ago".
Kyr was formerly common in some English language works, especially in geology and astronomy, for the unit of 1,000 years or millennium. The "k" is the unit prefix for kilo- or thousand with the suffix "yr" simply an abbreviation for "year".
Occasionally, the "k" is shown in upper case, as in "100 Kyr"; this is an incorrect usage. "kyr" itself is often considered incorrect, with some preferring to use "ky".
Modern, ISO 31-1 recommended usage is ka for kiloannum, which avoids the implicit English bias of "year" by using a Latin root.

</doc>
<doc id="5904917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904917" title="Sugden">
Sugden

Sugden refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904949" title="Summit Station">
Summit Station

Summit Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904952" title="One Arrest">
One Arrest

"One Arrest" is the seventh episode of the first season of the HBO original series, "The Wire" (2002-2008). The episode was written by Rafael Alvarez from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Joe Chappelle. It originally aired on July 14, 2002.
Plot summary.
The police.
The Barksdale detail discuss the information they have garnered from their cloned pagers and wiretap, with Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski showing a surprising gift for decrypting messages. They have identified a resupply with a specific time. Detectives Herc, Ellis Carver, Leander Sydnor and Kima Greggs make a labored arrest of the package carrier, but let Stinkum (the driver) get away so as to not compromise the wiretap. Stinkum pages Stringer Bell from outside the towers and Sydnor rushes over to photograph him as the call is returned, so they can legally monitor the phone call. In interrogation, Prez recognizes the carrier as Kevin Johnston, the boy he blinded in one eye in Episode 2. Lieutenant Daniels appeals to Johnston to contact him if he ever wants to change his life; Johnston mocks his offer.
Detective McNulty and ASA Rhonda Pearlman meet with Judge Phelan, who pulls McNulty up in his poor grammar, but nonetheless decisively agrees to back the detectives. He then flirts with Pearlman, but when she leaves he opens up to McNulty and asks him to respond. Phelan gives support to McNulty - phone calls at "50 cents a pop" no longer work. 
Phelan is surprised that Daniels stood up for the wiretaps, and worries that McNulty no longer trusts him since the murdered witness story hit the newspapers. McNulty feels that he cannot trust anyone at the moment. Daniels attends a fundraiser with his wife, Marla. Also in attendance are Deputy Commissioner Ervin Burrell and State Senator Clay Davis. Daniels finds himself in the kitchen with Davis’ driver Damien "Day-Day" Price, who is viewing the house's valuables. He speculates about the profit that could be made until Daniels reveals that he is a police officer.
Major William Rawls puts more pressure on Detective Michael Santangelo to inform him of McNulty's actions. He then gives him an ultimatum - if he wishes to remain in homicide, he must either clear at least one of his unsolved cases by day's end or inform on McNulty. Sergeant Jay Landsman jokingly recommends a psychic, Madame LaRue, and a desperate Santangelo follows his advice.
McNulty and Bunk Moreland work on the William Gant murder case based on Omar Little’s tip that Bird Hilton was involved. They canvass the buildings opposite the crime scene looking for witnesses and find an older woman who corroborates Omar's story, and is willing to testify. Omar informs them where Bird goes to get high. The entire detail covers the shooting gallery; when Bird comes out, Bubbles identifies him and Freamon neutralizes him with a Malt Liquor bottle. Bird is arrested, and a ballistics test confirms that his gun was the murder weapon. After Bird refuses to cooperate with the interrogation and repeatedly and profanely insults the interrogators, Greggs in particular, he is beaten by Daniels, Landsman, and Greggs. Omar gives a statement to Bunk, criticizing Bird for killing a civilian. When Bunk asks Omar if he has any other tips on old murders, he gives information of Denise Redding, which happens to be one of Detective Santangelo's open cases. McNulty relays Omar’s information to Santangelo, waking him up at home to inform him they have solved one of his open cases. Relieved, Santangelo tells McNulty that Rawls is after him. McNulty visits Pearlman to discuss his worries about Rawls as he loves the job too much for Rawls to take it from him.
The street.
Greggs gets Johnny out of his charge for possession on Bubbles' behalf; part of his deal involves going into a treatment program. Bubbles and Johnny attend a Narcotics Anonymous meeting as part of the deal. Bubbles is impressed by the speaker, Walon, and declares that he has a strong desire to live at the end of the meeting.
D'Angelo Barksdale visits Orlando's to see Avon Barksdale. Orlando tells D'Angelo he has a proposition for him. Later, in The Pit, Orlando asks him to help sell some cocaine from New Orleans behind Avon’s back; D'Angelo tells Orlando he will have to think about it.
In the office, Stringer Bell berates Stinkum for talking on the phone and insists that something is wrong in D'Angelo's crew. Avon tells D'Angelo to change up and stop all trade for now. Avon also worries that the police do not seem to be onto Stinkum, as they should have connected him through the truck's plate number already. In The Pit, Bodie Broadus quizzes fellow dealer Poot Carr about Wallace. Wallace is holed up in his squat and has started taking drugs, as he is still upset over the murder of Brandon. Stringer orders them to rip out the payphones in the pit and to vary which payphones they use, not using the same one more than once per day.
Production.
Title reference.
The title of this episode seemingly refers to the arrest of Bird for the murder of William Gant, the major event of the episode. As the wire taps are killed by the payphone removal, "One Arrest" -- that of Kevin Johnston, the runner—is also the sum total of progress the unit made from information gathered from the wire.
Another interpretation of the title is that it refers to Rawls's demand that Santangelo close at least one case; for a homicide case to be considered "closed" only requires that a suspect be arrested and charged. After the suspect is charged, the murder is considered closed/solved even if the suspect is not convicted; this is why, earlier in the season, Rawls pushes for arrests on murders in order to help the statistics, even though the cases are weak.
Epigraph.
Bunk uses this phrase when Omar discusses his rules for life on the street. It also refers to the codes that the law and the street also follow, such as that there should be no talking on phones about business which Stinkum breaks resulting in being berated by Stringer.
First appearances.
The episodes marks the first appearance of Senator Clay Davis and his aide Damien Price, establishing the first link to the political plotline that will become prominent in seasons 3–5. This is also the first appearance of Walon, Bubbles's sponsor and friend.

</doc>
<doc id="5904957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904957" title="2/2">
2/2

2/2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904960" title="3/2">
3/2

3/2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904963" title="Battle of Teruel">
Battle of Teruel

The Battle of Teruel was fought in and around the city of Teruel during the Spanish Civil War. The combatants fought the battle between December 1937 and February 1938, during the worst Spanish winter in twenty years. The battle was one of the bloodier actions of the war with the city changing hands several times, first falling to the Republicans and eventually being re-taken by the Nationalists. In the course of the fighting, Teruel was subjected to heavy artillery and aerial bombardment. The two sides suffered over 140,000 casualties between them in the two-month battle. It was a decisive battle of the war, as Francisco Franco's use of his superiority in men and material in regaining Teruel made it the military turning point of the war.
Background.
The Republic's decision to move against Teruel was motivated by several strategic priorities. Republican military leaders thought that Teruel was not strongly held and sought to regain the initiative through its capture. By 1937, the Teruel salient was similar to the fingernail on a fat finger of Nationalist territory inserted into Republican Spain, and its capture would shorten the lines of communication between central Republican Spain and Valencia on the coast. Teruel was surrounded on three sides by Republican Spain. In addition, Teruel was a symbol of Nationalist power on the Aragon Front. Indalecio Prieto, Republican Minister of War, wanted a spectacular victory to reflect well on his tenure in the war department and to show how the army could function under his reorganization. A victory at Teruel would also aid the government of Prime Minister Juan Negrín in its quest to take over the industries of Catalonia from their workers. Lastly, Republican intelligence learned that Franco intended to start a major offensive against Madrid in the Guadalajara sector on 18 December, leading the Republican to want to divert the Nationalists away from the Madrid area. The Republic therefore started the battle on 15 December.
Terrain.
Teruel, located in Southern Aragon, population, 20,000 was the bleak walled capital of a poor province, renowned for the glum legend of the Lovers of Teruel. It had been fortified in 1170 to buffer the warring Moorish and Christian states; in 1937 it served essentially the same purpose, separating the Republicans in Valencia from the Nationalists in Zaragoza. Because of its elevation in the mountains (3,050 feet high), it usually had the lowest annual winter temperature in Spain. The town was Spain's remotest provincial capital, a gloomy, walled and mountain-ringed natural fortress. The town itself sits on a high knoll above the confluence of the Turia and Alfambra rivers. It is surrounded by a geological potpourri of scragged gorges, tooth-shaped peaks, and twisted ridge fingers. West of the town, however, the Calatayud highway runs up a slight gradient to a pancake-flat plain around the village of Concud, about three miles away. A key position was the ridge to the west of the town known as "La Muela de Teruel"—Teruel's Tooth. Teruel's defensive position was much improved by previously prepared trenches and wire because of its position protruding into Republican territory.
Combatants.
The Republican Army was under the command of Juan Hernández Saravia, who had reorganized the army almost from scratch. The Republicans had a total of 100,000 men in two armies. The Army of the Levante was to conduct the main part of the assault supported by the Army of the East. Saravia wanted the coup de main against Teruel to be an all Spanish operation without the assistance of the International Brigades. Among his commanders was the trustworthy and able Communist commander, Enrique Líster, so Saravia chose Lister's division to lead the first assault. 
Colonel Domingo Rey d'Harcourt was the Nationalist commander at Teruel when the battle began. The Teruel salient had a Nationalist defending force of about 9,500 men including civilians. After the attack began, Rey d'Harcourt eventually consolidated his remaining defenders into a garrison to defend the town. The Teruel Nationalist garrison numbered between 2,000 and 6,000 according to various estimates. The garrison was probably about 4,000 and half of those were civilians.
Battle.
Lister's Republican division attacked Teruel, in falling snow, on December 15, 1937, without preliminary aerial or artillery preparation. Lister and fellow commander Colonel Enrique Fernández Heredia moved to surround the town. They immediately took a position on Teruel's Tooth, and by evening encircled Teruel. Rey d'Harcourt pulled his defenses into the town, and by December 17 gave up trying to keep a foothold on Teruel's Tooth.Francisco Franco, Nationalist Commander, finally decided on December 23, to aid the defenders at Teruel. Franco decided as a matter of policy that no provincial capital must fall to the Republicans. That would be a political failure, and Franco determined to make no concession to the enemy. Franco had just started a major offensive at Guadalajara and to relieve Teruel meant he had to abandon that offensive much to the disgust of his Italian and German allies. The Nationalist relief of Teruel also signified that Franco was giving up the idea of a knockout blow to end the war, and was accepting a long war of attrition to be won by weight of arms and foreign aid.
Republican advances and the siege.
By December 21, the Republican forces were in the town. Ernest Hemingway and two journalists, one being New York Times correspondent, Herbert Matthews, accompanied the assaulting troops entering Teruel. Rey d'Harcourt, the Nationalist commander, however, pulled his remaining defenders back to an area where he could make a last stand in the south part of the town. By Christmas Day the Nationalists still occupied a cluster of four key points, the Civil Governor's Building, the Bank of Spain, the Convent of Santa Clara and the Seminary. Republican Radio Barcelona announced that Teruel had fallen, but Rey d'Harcourt and the remnants of the 4,000 man garrison still held out. The siege continued with fighting hand to hand and building to building. The Republicans would intensely shell a building with artillery and then move in with the bayonet.
Nationalist relief attempts.
Franco canceled the Guadalajara offense on December 23, but the relief force could not begin its attack until December 29. All Franco could do was send messages to Rey d'Harcourt to hold out at all costs. In the meantime the Republicans pressed home their attack in atrocious weather. The Nationalist attack began on schedule on December 29 with the experienced Nationalist generals Antonio Aranda and José Enrique Varela in command. The Condor Legion covered the attack. By New Year's Eve with a supreme effort, the Nationalists were on Teruel's Tooth and actually broke into the town to take the bull ring and the railway station. The Nationalists could not hold the gains within the town, however. Then the weather actually turned for the worse with the start of a four-day blizzard, four feet of snow falling and temperatures of minus 18 C. Fighting ground to a halt as guns and machines froze, and the troops suffered terribly from frostbite. The Nationalists suffered the worse from the cold as they did not have warm clothing. Many amputations were performed to remove frozen limbs.
Franco continued to pour in men and machines and the tide slowly started to turn. The Republicans pressed home the siege however, and by New Year's Day, 1938, the defenders of the Convent were dead. The Civil Governor's Building fell on January 3, but Rey d'Harcourt fought on. Ernest Hemingway was present during the fall of the Governor's Building. The attackers and defenders were on different stories of the building and fired at each other through holes in the floors. The defenders now had no water, few medical supplies and little food. Their defenses were piles of ruins, but still they held out. The Nationalist advances were stalled because of the weather, and finally Rey d'Harcourt, with the Bishop of Teruel, at his side, gave up on 8 January. Teruel had fallen to the Republicans.
The Republicans, in one of their last acts of the Civil War, killed Rey d'Harcourt along with forty-two other prisoners including Anselmo Polanco, Bishop of Teruel. After Rey d'Harcourt's surrender, the civilian population of Teruel was evacuated and the Republicans became the besieged and the Nationalists the besiegers.
The Nationalist counter-offensive.
After Rey d'Harcourt's surrender, the Nationalist buildup began to tell on the Republican forces. With the weather clearing, the Nationalists started a new advance on 17 January 1938. Two days later the Republican leadership finally gave up its scruples about the Battle of Teruel being an all Spanish operation and ordered the International Brigades to join the struggle. Many of these units had been in the area but in reserve. Celebrities and politicians entertained and visited the units during this time. American pro-Communist singer, Paul Robeson, sang for them on Christmas Eve with a repertoire that included L'Internationale and ended with Ol' Man River. Future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Clement Attlee, left-wing Labour politician, Ellen Wilkinson and future Labour Government official and diplomat Philip Noel-Baker visited a British unit.
Both high commands now were in heated trains, near the battlefield, and directing their troops in the final part of the battle. Slowly but surely, the Nationalists advanced. Teruel's Tooth fell to them. The Republican forces launched fierce counterattacks on 25 January and the next two days, but gains were temporary. Finally on 7 February, the Nationalists attacked north of Teruel. This was a weak area since most Republican forces had been concentrated to the south around Teruel itself. A massive cavalry charge, one of the last in the history of warfare (there were one or two exceptions near the Caspian Sea in World War II), broke the Republican defenses and scattered them. Aranda and Yagüe swiftly advanced and the victory was complete. The Nationalists took thousands of prisoners and thousands of tons of supplies and munitions. Those Republicans who could, ran for their lives.
The final battle began on 18 February. Aranda and Yagüe cut off the town from the north and then surrounded it similar to what the Republicans accomplished in December. On 20 February, Teruel was cut off from the former Republican capital in Valencia, and with the Nationalists entering the town, Hernández Saravia gave the order of withdrawal. Most of the army escaped before the route was cut off, but about 14,500 men were trapped. Colorful Communist Republican commander, El Campesino, was surrounded but eventually broke out to escape. He always claimed that Lister and other Communist commanders had left him to his fate hoping he would be killed or captured. The Nationalists finally recaptured Teruel on 22 February. 
The Nationalists found 10,000 Republican corpses in Teruel. The battle was over.
Aftermath.
The Battle of Teruel exhausted the resources of the Republican Army. The Spanish Republican Air Force could not replace the airplanes and arms that it lost in the Battle of Teruel. On the other hand, the Nationalists concentrated the bulk of their forces in the east as they prepared to drive through Aragon into Catalonia and the Levante. Franco had the edge on resupply as the Nationalists now controlled the efficiently run industrial might in the Basque Country. The Republican Government, however, had to leave the armament industry in Catalonia in the hands of the Anarchists. One Anarchist observer reported that "Notwithstanding lavish expenditures of money on this need, our industrial organization was not able to finish a single kind of rifle or machine gun or cannon..." Franco's act of retaking Teruel was a bitter blow to the Republic after the high hopes engendered by its capture. The recapture of Teruel also removed the last obstacle to Franco's breakthrough to the Mediterranean Sea.
Franco did not waste much time and began the Aragon Offensive on March 7, 1938. The Republic had withdrawn its best troops for rebuilding purposes after the loss of Teruel on February 22, and the Republicans, still reeling from the heavy losses at Teruel, made little resistance. The Nationalists rolled through Aragon, entered Catalonia and Valencia Province, reached the sea, and by April 19, 1938, controlled forty miles of coast line, thereby cutting the Republic in two.
Laurie Lee, British poet and writer, who, by his account, served in the International Brigade, sums up the Republican strategy of attacking Teruel. "The gift of Teruel at Christmas had become for the Republicans no more than a poisoned toy. It was meant to be the victory that would change the war; it was indeed the seal of defeat."
Casualties.
Casualties from the Battle of Teruel are difficult to estimate. The Nationalist relief force lost about 14,000 dead, 16,000 wounded and 17,000 sick. In the original Teruel defensive force including the garrison, casualties were about 9,500 and nearly all were dead or captured. That is a total of 56,500 casualties for the Nationalists. It is very likely that the Republican casualties were 50% higher so that would be about 84,750. The Republicans lost a large number of prisoners.
Round figures would be Nationalists 57,000 and Republicans 85,000 for a total of 142,000. To round down to an even number would make a total casualty list for both sides over 140,000.
Celebrities at Teruel.
Mathews, Hemingway, Robeson and the British politicians have been mentioned previously, and the battle certainly attracted many other such celebrities. One of them was Soviet spy Kim Philby, who was nominally a correspondent for "The Times" covering the war from the Nationalist side. Evidently he was already under Moscow's orders in Spain but wrote glowing reports about Franco. Near Teruel in December 1937, a shell hit an automobile in which Philby and three other journalists (Bradish Johnson, Eddie Neil and Ernest Sheepshanks) were riding. Philby was the only survivor. Franco personally decorated Philby to Philby's great exhilaration.

</doc>
<doc id="5904964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904964" title="International Solid Waste Association">
International Solid Waste Association

The International Solid Waste Association (ISWA) is a non governmental, independent and non-profit association by statutes and follows the mission statement to promote and develop professional waste management worldwide as a contribution to sustainable development.
ISWA's objective is the worldwide exchange of information and experience on all aspects of waste management. The association promotes the adoption of acceptable systems of professional waste management and of public cleansing through technological development and improvement of practices for the protection of human life, health and the environment as well as the conservation of materials and energy resources.
ISWA is active in a variety of areas, including conferences, meetings, training programs, information development and dissemination, and technical assistance on a global scale. The association has a total of more than 1,200 members in 93 countries. Its network expands to countries with more than 80% of the world's population and represents all aspects of the waste management field: from practitioners and industry to communities, from associations, research institutes and academics to regulatory authorities.
Working Groups.
The association is the global forum for waste management with 9 technical working groups covering all relevant aspects of sustainable waste management and with special interest in developing country issues.
Development Networks and Programmes.
To more effectively implement its programs ISWA has established Regional Development Networks outside of its traditionally strong areas (Central Europe and the USA). At the present 3 networks have been established:
• Asian and Pacific Regional Network: includes members from Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and Thailand.
• Balcanien, Middle East and Mediterranean Regional Network: includes members from Turkey and Israel.
• Latin America Regional Network: includes members from Argentina and Brazil.
The objective of these networks is to promote sustainable waste management in their regions, to develop a network for local problem solving, to promote ISWA and serve as a link to ISWA programs. Each regional office organizes local meetings, conferences and training events to address issues of concern for a specific region.
The ISWA Development Programme was created to fund educational and training programmes in the field of waste management as well as sustain a transfer of knowledge to developing countries and economies in transition. The IDP is a World Summit on Sustainable Development Type II Partnership endorsed by the United Nations Environment Programme and is financed by voluntary donations from ISWA National Members, Organisation Members and Individual Members as well as third party sponsors.
Publications.
ISWA publications include journals ("Waste Management & Research"), newsmagazine ("Waste Management World"), several position and policy papers, key issue papers and various reports from Working Groups.
Education and Training.
ISWA carries out several ad hoc training courses and workshops around the world through its various working groups and in cooperation with other entities. More recently it has launched the International Solid Waste Manager Certification Programme. This programme is designed to provide an internationally recognized certification for individual professional waste managers based on their academic achievements and their practical work experience.

</doc>
<doc id="5904965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904965" title="Perfect Friday">
Perfect Friday

Perfect Friday is a British bank-heist film released in 1970, directed by Peter Hall. It stars Ursula Andress as Lady Britt Dorset, Stanley Baker as Mr Graham, David Warner as Lord Nicholas Dorset and T. P. McKenna as Smith.
Plot.
The story revolves around three people -- Lord Nicholas Dorset and his wife Britt, for whom luxury is a necessity, and their bank manager Mr. Graham. Over the years, Mr. Graham has devised a plan to rob his own bank. His clients' desperate financial straits make them ideal accomplices in his eyes, but to ensure their loyalty he makes love to Britt after sending her husband away, then bribes Nick with a retainer.
The robbery scheme is dependent on timing and must be carried out on a Friday -- the perfect Friday. With careful planning, the simple, neat crime is eventually accomplished. But each mistrusts the other, and with £300,000 at stake, the three robbers have a lot to lose.
The film is noted for its snappy dialogue and charming chemistry between Baker and Andress. The underlying message is about class in 1970s Britain. A DVD was scheduled for release in 2013.
Production.
The movie was produced by Stanley Baker who later said of it:
What I like about "Perfect Friday" is that everybody lies to each other and everybody believes each other's lies. I don't know if the audience realises it, but every time the characters speak to each other, they're lying.

</doc>
<doc id="5904967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904967" title="Sumrall">
Sumrall

Sumrall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904972" title="Sunfield">
Sunfield

Sunfield can refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5904976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904976" title="Income tax in India">
Income tax in India

The Central Government has been empowered by Entry 82 of the Union List of Schedule VII of the Constitution of India to levy tax on all income other than agricultural income ("subject to Section 10(1)"). 
The Income Tax Law comprises The Income Tax Act 1961, Income Tax Rules 1962, Notifications and Circulars issued by Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), Annual Finance Acts and Judicial pronouncements by Supreme Court and High Courts.
The government of India imposes an income tax on taxable income of all "persons" including individuals, Hindu Undivided Families (HUFs), companies, firms, association of persons, body of individuals, local authority and any other artificial judicial person. Levy of tax is separate on each of the persons. The levy is governed by the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961. The Indian Income Tax Department is governed by CBDT and is part of the Department of Revenue under the Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India. Income tax is a key source of funds that the government uses to fund its activities and serve the public.
The Income Tax Department is the biggest revenue mobilizer for the Government. The total tax revenues of the Central Government increased from ₹ 1392.26 billion in 1997-98 to ₹ 5889.09 billion in 2007-08.
History.
Income tax was introduced in 1860, abolished in 1873 and reintroduced in1886
Income tax levels in India were very high during 1950-1980, in 1970-71 there were 11 tax slabs with highest tax rate being 93.5% including surcharges. In 1973-74 highest rate was 97.75%. But to reduce tax evasion tax rates were reduced later on, by 1992-93 maximum tax rates were reduced to 40%.
Residential status, Scope of taxable income & Charge.
Charge to income-tax.
Whose income exceeds the maximum amount, which is not chargeable to the income tax, is an assessee, and shall be chargeable to the income tax at the rate or rates prescribed under the finance act for the relevant assessment year, shall be determined on basis of his residential status.
Income tax is a tax payable, at enacted by the Union Budget (Finance Act) for every Assessment Year, on the Total Income earned in the Previous Year by every Person. 
The chargeability is based on nature of income, i.e., whether it is revenue or capital. The rates of taxation of income are-:
Income Tax Rates/Slabs Rate (%) (applicable for assessment year 2014-15)
Senior citizen is one who is 60 years or more at any time during the previous year but not more than 80 years on the last day of the previous year.
Super senior citizen is one who is 80 years or more at any time during the previous year.
These slab-rates aren't applicable for the incomes which are to be taxed at "special rates" under section 111A, 112, 115, 161, 164 and 167. For instance, long-term capital gains ("except the one mentioned in section 10(38)")for all assessees is taxable at 20%. For "individual" assessees whose total income does not exceed ₹ after providing for any deduction under Chapter VI A are eligible for a rebate of up to ₹2,000 under section 87A (applicable from assessment year 2014-15 onwards). A surcharge of 10% on income tax payable is applicable for every non-corporate assessee, whose total income exceeds ₹10 million (applicable for assessment year 2014-15).
About 1% of the national population, called the upper class, fall under the 30% slab. It grew 22% annually on average during 2000-10 to 0.58 million income taxpayers. The middle class, who fall under the 10% and 20% slabs, grew 7% annually on average to 2.78 million income taxpayers.
Residential status.
The residential status of the assessee is useful in determining the scope or chargeability of the income for the assessee, i.e., whether taxable or not. For an individual person, to be a resident, any one of the following basic conditions must be satisfied:-
Presence of at least 182 days in India during the previous year.
Presence of at least 60 days in India during the previous year and 365 days during 4 years immediately preceding the relevant previous year.
However, in case the individual is an Indian citizen who leaves India during the previous year for the purpose of employment (or as a member of a crew of an Indian ship) or in case the individual is a person of Indian origin who comes on a visit to India during the previous year, then only the first of the above basic condition is applicable. India origin means those person which are born in India before partition of India. To determine whether the resident individual is ordinarily resident the following both additional conditions are to be satisfied:-
Resident in India in at least 2 out of 10 years immediately preceding the relevant previous year.
Presence of at least 730 days in India during 7 years immediately preceding the relevant previous year.
If the individual resident satisfies only one or none of the additional conditions, then he is not ordinarily resident. (In case the person is not an individual or an HUF, then the residential status can only be either resident or non-resident).
Residential status of a person other than an individual
Type of person Control & management of affairs of the taxpayer is wholly in India Control & management of affairs of the taxpayer is wholly outside India Control & management of affairs of the taxpayer is partly in India partly outside India
HUF1 Resident Non-resident Resident
Firm Resident Non-resident Resident
Association of persons Resident Non-resident Resident
Indian company2 Resident Resident Resident
Foreign company3 Resident Non-resident Non-resident
Any other person except an individual Resident Non-resident Resident
Residential status of a person other than an individual.
An Indian company is the one which satisfies the conditions as laid down under section 2(26) of the Act.
Foreign company is the one which satisfies the conditions as laid down under section 2(23A) of the Act.
Scope of total income.
Indian income is always taxable in India notwithstanding residential status of the taxpayer.
Foreign income is not taxable in the hands of a non-resident in India. For resident (in case of firm, association of persons, company and every other person) or resident & ordinarily resident (in case of an individual or an HUF), foreign income is always taxable. For resident but not ordinarily resident foreign income is taxable only if it is business income and business is controlled wholly or partly in India or it is a professional income and profession is set up in India.
Foreign income is the one which satisfies both the following conditions:-
If such an income satisfies one or none the above conditions then it is an Indian income.
Heads of income.
The total income of a person is segregated into five heads:-
Income from salaries.
All income received as salary under employer-employee relationship is taxed under this head, on "due" or "receipt" basis, whichever arises earlier. Employers must withhold tax compulsorily (subject to Section 192), if income exceeds minimum exemption limit, as Tax Deducted at Source (TDS), and provide their employees with a Form 16 which shows the tax deductions and net paid income. The Act contains exemptions including ("the list isn't exhaustive"):-
The Act contains list of perquisites which are always taxable in all cases and a list of perquisites which are exempt in all cases (List I). All other perquisites are to be calculated according to specified provision and rules for each. Only two deductions are allowed under Section 16, viz. Professional Tax and Entertainment Allowance (the latter only available for specified government employees).
Income from house property.
Income under this head is taxable if the assessee is the owner of a property consisting of building or land appurtenant thereto and is not used by him for his business or professional purpose. An individual or an Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) is eligible to claim any one property as "Self-occupied" if it is used for own or family's residential purpose. In that case, the Net Annual Value (as explained below) will be nil. Such a benefit can only be claimed for one house property. However, the individual (or HUF) will still be entitled to claim Interest on borrowed capital as deduction under section 24, subject to some conditions. 
In the case of a self occupied house deduction on account of interest on borrowed capital is subject to a maximum limit of ₹ (if loan is taken on or after 1 April 1999 and construction is completed within 3 years) and ₹30,000 (if the loan is taken before 1 April 1999). For let-out property, all interest is deductible, with no upper limits. The balance is added to taxable income.
The computation of income from "let-out" property is as under:-
The GAV is higher of Annual Letting Value (ALV) and Actual rent received/receivable during the year. The ALV is higher of fair rent and municipal value, but restricted to standard rent fixed by Rent Control Act.
Only two deductions are allowed under this head by virtue of section 24, viz.,
Profits and Gains of business or profession.
The income referred to in section 28, i.e., the incomes chargeable as "Income from Business or Profession" shall be computed in accordance with the provisions contained in sections 30 to 43D. However, there are few more sections under this Chapter, viz., Sections 44 to 44DA (except sections 44AA, 44AB & 44C), which contain the computation completely within itself. Section 44C is a disallowance provision in the case non-residents. Section 44AA deals with maintenance of books and section 44AB deals with audit of accounts.
In summary, the sections relating to computation of business income can be grouped as under: -
The computation of income under the head "Profits and Gains of Business or Profession" depends on the particulars and information available.
If regular books of accounts are not maintained, then the computation would be as under: -
However, if regular books of accounts have been maintained and profit and loss account has been prepared, then the computation would be as under: -
Income from capital gains.
Transfer of capital assets results in capital gains. A Capital asset is defined under section 2(14) of the I.T. Act, 1961 as property of any kind held by an assessee such as real estate, equity shares, bonds, jewellery, paintings, art etc. but does not include some items like any stock-in-trade for businesses and personal effects. Transfer has been defined under section 2(47) to include sale, exchange, relinquishment of asset extinguishment of rights in an asset, etc. Certain transactions are not regarded as 'Transfer' under section 47.
Computation of Capital Gains:-
In case of transfer of land or building, if sale consideration is less than the stamp duty valuation, then such stamp duty value shall be taken as full value of consideration by virtue of Section 50C. The transferor is entitled to challenge the stamp duty valuation before the Assessing Officer.
Cost of acquisition & cost of improvement shall be indexed in case the capital asset is long term.
For tax purposes, there are two types of capital assets: Long term and short term. Transfer of long term assets gives rise to long term capital gains. The benefit of indexation is available only for long term capital assets. If the period of holding is more than 36 months, the capital asset is long term, otherwise it is short term. However, in the below mentioned cases, the capital asset held for more than 12 months will be treated as long term:-
Also, in certain cases, indexation benefit is not be available even though the capital asset is long term. Such cases include depreciable asset (Section 50), Slump Sale (Section 50B), Bonds/debentures (other than capital indexed bonds) and certain other express provisions in the Act.
There are different scheme of taxation of long term capital gains. These are:
All capital gains that are not long term are short term capital gains, which are taxed as such:
For companies abroad, the tax liability is 20% of such gains suitably indexed (since STT is not 
paid).
Besides exemptions under section 10(33), 10(37) & 10(38) certain specific exemptions are available under section 54, 54B, 54D, 54EC, 54F, 54G & 54GA.
Income from other sources.
This is a residual head, underthis head income which does not meet criteria to go to other heads is taxed. There are also some specific incomes which are to be always taxed under this head.
Agricultural income.
Agricultural income is exempt from tax by virtue of section 10(1). Section 2(1A) defines agricultural income as :-
Income partly agricultural and partly business.
Income in respect of the below mentioned activities is initially computed as if it is business income and after considering permissible deductions. Thereafter, 40,35 or 25 percent of the income as the case may be, is treated as business income, and the rest is treated as agricultural income.
For apportionment of a composite business-cum-agricultural income, other than the above mentioned, the market value of any agricultural produce, raised by the assessee or received by him as rent-in-kind and utilized as raw material in his business, should be deducted. No further deduction is permissible in respect of any expenditure incurred by the assessee as a cultivator or receiver of rent-in-kind.
Permissible deductions from Gross Total Income.
Deductions allowed under Chapter VI-A i.e., sections 80C to 80U, cannot exceed gross total income of an assessee excluding short term capital gains under section 111A and any long term capital gains. Some deductions under sections 80C to 80DDB are listed below.
Section 80C deductions.
Deduction under this section is available only to an individual or an HUF.
Section 80C of the Income Tax Act allows certain investments and expenditure to be deducted from total income up to the maximum of Rs .
Section 80CCC(pension).
Payments made to LIC or to any other approved insurer under an approved pension plan is admissible for deduction under this section. Then pension plan policy should be for individual himself out of his taxable income. The deduction is least of the amount paid or ₹ 
Section 80CCD.
Contribution made by the assessee and by employer to New Pension Scheme is admissible for deduction under this section. The assessee should be an individual who is employed on or after 1 January 2004. The deduction shall be equal to the amount contributed by the assessee and/or by the employer, not exceeding 10% of his salary (basic+dearness allowance). Even a self-employed person can claim this deduction which will be restricted to 10% of gross total income.
The total deduction available to an assessee under sections 80C, 80CCC & 80CCD is restricted to ₹ per annum. However, employer's contribution to Notified Pension Scheme under section 80CCD is not a part of the limit of ₹ .
Sec 80D.
(1) In computing the total income of an assessee, being an individual or a Hindu undivided family, there shall be deducted such sum, as specified in sub-section (2) or sub-section (3), payment of which is made by any mode 95specified in sub-section (2B), in the previous year out of his income chargeable to tax.
(2) Where the assessee is an individual, the sum referred to in sub-section (1) shall be the aggregate of the following, namely:—
(a) the whole of the amount paid to effect or to keep in force an insurance on the health of the assessee or his family 96any contribution made to the Central Government Health Scheme 96asuch other scheme as may be notified by the Central Government in this behalf 97any payment made on account of preventive health check-up of the assessee or his familyas does not exceed in the aggregate fifteen thousand rupees; and
(b) the whole of the amount paid to effect or to keep in force an insurance on the health of the parent or parents of the assessee 97any payment made on account of preventive health check-up of the parent or parents of the assesseeas does not exceed in the aggregate fifteen thousand rupees.
Explanation.—For the purposes of clause (a), "family" means the spouse and dependant children of the assessee.
97[(2A) Where the amounts referred to in clauses (a) and (b) of sub-section (2) are paid on account of preventive health check-up, the deduction for such amounts shall be allowed to the extent it does not exceed in the aggregate five thousand rupees.
(2B) For the purposes of deduction under sub-section (1), the payment shall be made by—
(i) any mode, including cash, in respect of any sum paid on account of preventive health check-up;
(ii) any mode other than cash in all other cases not falling under clause (i).]
(3) Where the assessee is a Hindu undivided family, the sum referred to in sub-section (1) shall be the whole of the amount paid to effect or to keep in force an insurance on the health of any member of that Hindu undivided family as does not exceed in the aggregate fifteen thousand rupees.
(4) Where the sum specified in clause (a) or clause (b) of sub-section (2) or in sub-section (3) is paid to effect or keep in force an insurance on the health of any person specified therein, and who is a senior citizen, the provisions of this section shall have effect as if for the words "fifteen thousand rupees", the words "twenty thousand rupees" had been substituted.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this sub-section, "senior citizen" means an individual resident in India who is of the age of 98years or more at any time during the relevant previous year.
(5) The insurance referred to in this section shall be in accordance with a scheme99 made in this behalf by—
(a) the General Insurance Corporation of India formed under section 9 of the General Insurance Business (Nationalisation) Act, 1972 (57 of 1972) and approved by the Central Government in this behalf; or
(b) any other insurer and approved by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority established under sub-section (1) of section 3 of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999 (41 of 1999).]
Section 80DDB : Deduction in respect of medical treatment, etc.
Deduction is allowed to resident individual or HUF(Hindu Undivided Family ) in respect of expenditure actually during the PY incurred for the medical treatment of specified disease or ailment as specified in the rules 11DD for himself or a dependent relative or a member of a HUF
Section 80E : Education loan interest.
Interest payment on education loan for education in India or abroad gets deduction under this section. Education loan should be for self, spouse, child or the one whose legal guardian the assessee is. 
Section 80TTA : Interest on Savings Account.
Up to Rs 10,000 earned as interest from savings account in bank, post office or a co-operative society can be claimed for deduction under this section. This rebate is applicable for individuals and HUFs .
Section 80U : Disability.
Disabled persons can get a flat deduction on Income Tax on producing their disability certificate. If disability is severe Rs 1 lakh can be claimed else Rs 50,000.server here mean disability 80% or more as per this section.
Section 24 : Interest on housing loans.
For self occupied properties, interest paid on a housing loan up to Rs 150,000 per year is exempt from tax. This deduction is in addition to the deductions under sections 80C, 80CCF and 80D. However, this is only applicable for a residence constructed within three financial years after the loan is taken and also the loan if taken after 1 April 1999.
If the house is not occupied due to employment, the house will be considered self occupied.
For let out properties, the entire interest paid is deductible under section 24 of the Income Tax act. However, the rent is to be shown as income from such properties. 30% of rent received and municipal taxes paid are available for deduction of tax.
P. Chidambaram while announcing his Budget 2013 speech on 28 Feb 2013 also announced that for the year 2013-14, an additional deduction of ₹ 100,000 would be allowed to be deducted for the payment of Interest on Home Loan u/s 80EE. This deduction would be allowed provided that the total value of the loan is not more than ₹ 25,00,000 and the total value of the house is not more than ₹ 40,00,000 and the loan should be a fresh loan taken during the financial year 2013-14. This deduction would be over and above the ₹ 150,000 deduction
The losses from all properties shall be allowed to be adjusted against salary income at the source itself. Therefore, refund claims of T.D.S. deducted in excess, on this count, will no more be necessary.
Due date of submission of return.
The due date of submission of return shall be ascertained according to section 139(1) of the Act as under:-
If the Income of a Salaried Individual is less than ₹ 500,000 and he has earned income through salary or Interest or both, such Individuals are exempted from filing their Income Tax return provided that such payment has been received after the deduction of TDS and this person has not earned interest more than ₹ 10,000 from all source combined. Such a person should not have changed jobs in the financial year.
CBDT has announced that all individual/HUF taxpayers with income more than ₹ 500,000 are required to file their income tax returns online. However, digital signatures wont be mandatory for such class of taxpayers.
Advance tax.
Under this scheme, every assessee is required to pay tax in a particular financial year, preceding the assessment year, on an estimated basis. However, if such estimated tax liability for an individual who is not above 60 years of age at any point of time during the previous year and does not conduct any business in the previous year, and the estimated tax liability is below Rs. 10,000, advance tax will not be payable.
The due dates of payment of advance tax are:-
Any default in payment of advance tax attracts interest under section 234B and any deferment of advance tax attracts interest under section 234C.
Tax deducted at source (TDS).
The general rule is that the total income of an assessee for the previous year is taxable in the relevant assessment year. However, income-tax is recovered from the assessee in the previous year itself by way of TDS. The relevant provisions therein are listed below. ("To be used for reference only. The detailed provisions therein are not listed below.")
At what time tax has to be deducted at source and some other specifications are subject to the above sections.
In most cases, these payments shall not to deducted by an individual or an HUF if books of accounts are not required to be audited under the provisions of the Income Tax Act,1961 in the immediately preceding financial year. 
In most cases, the tax deducted should be deposited within 7 days from the end of the month in which tax was deducted.
Corporate income tax.
For companies, income is taxed at a flat rate of 30% for Indian companies. Foreign companies pay income tax at the rate of 40%. An education cess of 3% (on both the tax and the surcharge) are payable.
From 2005-06, electronic filing of company returns is mandatory.
Surcharge.
Applicable from assessment year 2014-15 onwards.
Tax returns.
There are five categories of Income Tax returns.
Normal return.
Returns filed within the return filing due date, that is 31 July (for non audit assessees) or 30 September (for assessee or their firms liable for audit) of concerned assessment year.
Belated return.
In case of failure to file the return on or before the due date, belated return can be filed before the expiry of one year from the end of the relevant assessment year.
Revised return.
In case of any omission or any wrong statement mentioned in the normal return can be revised at any time before the expiry of one year from the end of the relevant assessment year.
Defective return.
Assessing Officer considers that the return is defective, he may intimate the defect. One has to rectify the defect within a period of fifteen days from the date of such intimation. If the assessee wants more time, he can file an application to the A O and a further 15 days can be granted at the instance of the A O.
Returns in response To notices.
Assessing officer in the process of making assessment, may serve a notice under various sections like 142(1), 148(1), 153A(a) or 153C. Returns are required to be furnished within the date specified on the respective notices.
Annual information return and statements.
Annual information return.
Those who are responsible for registering, or, maintaining books of account or other documents containing a record of any specified financial transaction, shall furnish an annual information return in Form No.61A.
Statements By producers.
Producers of a cinematographic film during the financial year shall, prepare and deliver to the Assessing Officer a statement in the Form No.52A,
whichever is earlier.
Statements by non-resident having a liaison office in India.
With effect from 01,June 2011, Non-Resident having a liaison office in India shall prepare and deliver a statement in Form No. 49C to the Assessing Officer within sixty days from the end of such financial year.
Tax penalties.
The major number of penalties initiated every year as a ritual by I-T Authorities is under section 271(1)(c) which is for either concealment of income or for furnishing inaccurate particulars of income.
"If the Assessing Officer or the Commissioner (Appeals) or the Commissioner in the course of any proceedings under this Act, is satisfied that any person-
(b) has failed to comply with a notice under sub-section (1) of section 142 or sub-section (2) of section 143 or fails to comply with a direction issued under sub-section (2A) of section 142, or
(c) has concealed the particulars of his income or furnished inaccurate particulars of such income,
he may direct that such person shall pay by way of penalty,-
(ii) in the cases referred to in clause (b), in addition to any tax payable by him, a sum of ten thousand rupees for each such failure;
(iii) in the cases referred to in clause (c), in addition to any tax payable by him, a sum which shall not be less than, but which shall not exceed three times, the amount of tax sought to be evaded by reason of the concealment of particulars of his income or the furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such income.

</doc>
<doc id="5904982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904982" title="The Pager">
The Pager

"The Pager" is the fifth episode of the first season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by Ed Burns from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Clark Johnson. It originally aired on June 30, 2002.
Plot summary.
The police.
Judge Phelan signs the wiretap affidavit for a clone of D'Angelo's pager. Lester Freamon finds that each pager message consists of a seven-digit phone number and a two-digit identifying tag. The phone numbers used do not work, so Freamon postulates that they are using a code to mask the numbers. The code is ultimately cracked by Detective Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski, much to McNulty's delight. Freamon visits Daniels' office and tells him that they need audio surveillance (a wire) on the payphones surrounding the projects to make the case. He knows that Daniels is concerned about his career, but insists that they put the cases first.
Bubbles tells Detective Kima Greggs where to find Omar Little's van, and she and McNulty sit on the van, waiting for Omar to show up, hoping to catch Omar with a gun and convince him to become an informant. McNulty calls his estranged wife Elena and asks for his sons to come over. He insists he has everything ready, but she does not believe him and refuses to allow the visit. (After the fact, he is seen drinking and attempting to assemble the flat pack bunk beds for them.) He later goes to pick up his sons at Elena's house but no one is there.
Detectives Ellis Carver and Thomas "Herc" Hauk track Bodie down to the low-rises and violently arrest him for absconding from the juvenile detention center. Bodie refuses to consider making a deal and Herc and Carver respond to his insults with a savage beating. While waiting to hand Bodie over to juvenile intake, however, they end up shooting pool with him.
Bunk Moreland receives important news from a ballistics technician: the casing from the Kresson scene confirms the link to the Barksdale association, just as Sergeant Landsman predicted; the gun used in this murder was previously used in two others. When McNulty visits the homicide department, Landsman tells of Major William Rawls' offer, and McNulty finds out that John Bailey, from Omar's crew, was killed. (Though this happens off camera, Wee-Bey takes responsibility for the murder when informing Avon.) Bunk tracks down a witness in the Kresson case, Tywanda, and she tells them that Kresson told her that D’Angelo was there that night. They learn that Deirdre was a slighted girlfriend of Avon and that she threatened to expose him. They also learn that Orlando’s Club is a Barksdale front.
Later, McNulty and Greggs follow Omar's van into a cemetery, where they parley. McNulty tries to convince Omar that they have an enemy in common, but Omar thinks that working with the police is wrong. McNulty reveals that Bailey has been killed; though Omar pretends to be unfazed, he reveals two things: that Bird was the one who killed William Gant, and that he knows that Bubbles is their CI (confidential informant).
The street.
Avon Barksdale wakes up at a girlfriend named Chantal's house. The phone rings, but the line goes dead when she answers. Avon tells Wee-Bey Brice to remove the phone lines. Wee-Bey tells Avon he is worried they are being paranoid. Avon refuses to use the first payphone they come to since he used it the day before.
Omar Little, Bailey and Brandon discuss their next 'rip' on an East Side corner. Omar draws out a plan to trap the dealers in the alley they use. Omar approaches from the front carrying a shotgun while nonchalantly whistling "The Farmer in the Dell" which scares the dealers, who then run into the alley where Brandon and Bailey, also armed, are waiting.
In the low-rises, young dealers Bodie Broadus and Poot Carr discuss AIDS (which they call "the bug") and its transmission during sexual acts. D'Angelo notices Wallace a distance away playing with a child's figurine, and seems moved by this remaining innocence. Bodie notices D'Angelo's interest, and smashes a bottle above Wallace's head to snap him out of his childish daydream. An incensed D'Angelo advances on Bodie, and the pair face off before Dee's pager beeps and he leaves to answer it. Stringer Bell visits D'Angelo and warns him that they think he might have a snitch in his crew. He tells D'Angelo to withhold his dealers' pay and see who does not need an advance to get by, thus identifying anyone with a hidden source of income. Finally, Stringer chastises D'Angelo for letting Poot have a cell phone.
D'Angelo takes his girlfriend Donette out to an expensive restaurant. He worries that he seems out of place, but she tells him that as long as he can pay, he has every right to be there. D’Angelo worries that his upbringing will always stay with him.
Stringer and Avon discuss taking over the Edmondson Avenue corners, as they are wide open. Avon tells Stringer that Stinkum should run the territory. At the club, Orlando discusses business with D'Angelo, complaining that he doesn't get a share of the pie. Dee confirms that neither does he. (Both are "on salary".) Orlando then tells a surprised Dee about Stinkum's promotion. Dee makes a date with dancer Shardene Innes.
Bubbles visits his friend Johnny in a clinic and learns to his dismay that he is HIV positive. Bubbles tells Johnny that he is on a mission to bring down the Barksdale hoppers that beat Johnny, however Johnny cannot understand why Bubbles is voluntarily working with the police as he feels his misfortune is all part of the game.
Stinkum, Avon, and D'Angelo visit Avon’s comatose brother in a county care facility—a result of a gunshot wound to the head. Avon sees his brother as an example of the dire consequences of acting carelessly in their way of life. Avon tells D’Angelo that one mistake could see either of them like his brother and that the fear motivates Avon to work harder. Avon says that he cannot put his brother in a better facility because a) his brother has no health insurance and b) they cannot afford at this time to show that kind of money being spent.
Later, Poot and Wallace spot Brandon in an arcade and page D'Angelo to let him know. D'Angelo pages the news in from the project phones. Stringer meets with Wallace and Poot, along with Bird, Wee-Bey and Stinkum. Stringer compliments Wallace and Poot for jobs well done. He then calls D'Angelo to let him know the work is done. Although all the pages are logged at the detail office, the calls themselves are not recorded, so, without a wire, the details are useless.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the pagers used by the Barksdale organization and cloned by the police detail.
Epigraph.
Avon uses this phrase in a speech he makes to D'Angelo about the random nature of their business and the constant danger involved. It also relates to the detail; as Freamon points out, they should have had the wire up in time to catch the discussion of Bailey's murder on the phones (and, if not that, certainly the kidnapping of Brandon).
Non-fiction elements.
The conversation Bodie and Poot have about HIV/AIDS transmission is taken almost verbatim from the non-fiction book "".
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, John Doman and Frankie Faison do not appear in this episode.
Reception.
An Entertainment Weekly review picked this episode as "amazing" because it begins to deliver pay-offs on the show's slowly developing plot lines. The review also praised the show's naturalistic dialogue (making an extensive comparison to funk music) and praised several of the actors for their performance. The episode's most rewarding plot lines were those that involved D'Angelo's struggles with his conscience and McNulty's battles with the bureaucracy of the police department.

</doc>
<doc id="5904990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904990" title="Sunland Park">
Sunland Park

Sunland Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904994" title="Warsaw Derby">
Warsaw Derby

The Warsaw Derby is a race for three-year-old Thoroughbred race horses first run in 1874 at a racetrack in Warsaw, Poland. In addition to the purse money, the race winner receives the Prize of the President of the Republic of Poland.
The horses competing in the Warsaw Derby come from the countries associated in the Konferenz des Mitteleuropaeischen Turfs (KMET) organization. Beyond host Poland, the organization includes members from Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, and Slovenia.
Currently run at the Sluzewiec Racetrack in the Służewiec sector of the city of Warsaw, the original race course no longer exists and is now the site of the Pole Mokotowskie park.

</doc>
<doc id="5904996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904996" title="Veyil">
Veyil

Veyil () is a 2006 Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Vasanthabalan. Bharath and Pasupathy are the heroes whereas Bhavana, Priyanka and Sriya Reddy plays the female leads. Upon release,the movie met with highly positive reviews and was commercially successful.
Plot.
The story is told through the protagonist Murugesan (Pasupathy) who recalls his childhood in Virudhunagar town. His father is a butcher who works hard to bring up his four children - two boys and two girls, and has a happy family. 
Murugesan dotes on his younger brother Kathir and his weakness, like any other adolescent is love for movies (especially MGR films) that are screened in a local theatre. But one day life changes for him when his father catches him red-handed from the theatre after he bunks school. The child is severely punished. He runs away from home taking money and jewels. 
Along the way Murugesan gets sidetracked from his intended destination of Chennai by an MGR Movie poster. He's shown watching several MGR shows, buying a change of clothes and eating a hearty meal with his ill-gotten money. After spending the night at local temple, he wakes up to find his money and other possessions missing. Murugesan is then taken under the wings of a theatre projectionist in a nearby town and slowly the theatre becomes his home. As an adult, he falls in love with Thangam (Priyanka), a beautiful girl who lives opposite the theatre but their love story does not have a happy ending. Murugesan is crestfallen after Thankam’s death and takes to the bottle. Sometime later the theatre is demolished, the owner citing loss of business. 
He decides to return home after 20 years. The rest of the film is all about Murugesan’s mental turmoil, as he is caught between the deep love showered by his younger brother Kathir (Bharath) who runs a successful advertising agency and his guilt of not being a responsible son or elder brother. There is a parallel love story between Meenakshi (Bhavana), an innocent girl and Kathir. Then there is Pandi (Sriya Reddy) who is Murugesan's childhood sweetheart.The rest of the story is about what happens to Murugesan and Kathir.

</doc>
<doc id="5905003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905003" title="Alcides Araújo Alves">
Alcides Araújo Alves

Alcides Eduardo Mendes de Araújo Alves, simply Alcides (born 13 March 1985 in São José do Rio Preto, São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Náutico. He can appear as either a right or central defender.
Club career.
A product of Salvador da Bahia-based Esporte Clube Vitória's youth system, Alcides had a short loan spell with FC Schalke 04 in Germany still in his teens. After a quick stint with Santos FC in his country, he returned the following season to Europe and signed with S.L. Benfica in Portugal, playing seven times as the "Reds" won the league after an 11-year wait. At this time, he was already owned by Chelsea, which he never represented.
In January 2007, Alcides moved to PSV Eindhoven, going on to work with former Benfica boss Ronald Koeman, who said of him: "He is an extra re-inforcement for the defence and he can play in several positions at the back. He is tall, very thin and extremely fast." On 3 February, he played his first Eredivisie match for the club, against AZ Alkmaar. During his one half season-spell, he helped the side to back-to-back national championships, appearing in 21 league games in 2007–08 (one goal), including as a left back.
On 9 August 2008, Alcides signed with Ukraine's FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.
International career.
Alcides helped Brazil win the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship, in the United Arab Emirates, appearing in all the matches.
Personal.
Alcides was kidnapped in Brazil, but was released after he convinced his abductors he was not a football player.

</doc>
<doc id="5905004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905004" title="Stenochilidae">
Stenochilidae

The Stenochilidae are a spider family with twelve described species in two genera. All species produce ecribellate silk (Griswold "et al.", 1999).
Distribution.
The Stenochilidae occur in Southeast Asia.
Species.
"Colopea" Simon, 1893
"Stenochilus" O. P-Cambridge, 1870

</doc>
<doc id="5905005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905005" title="Guillaume Cale">
Guillaume Cale

Guillaume Cale (sometimes anglicized to William Kale, also known as Guillaume Caillet, popularly known as Jacques Bonhomme ("Jack Goodfellow") or Callet) was a wealthy peasant from the village of Mello near Beauvais, who became leader of the peasant Jacquerie which broke out in May 1358 and continued for a month unchecked until the Battle of Mello on 10 June. Cale's origins are unknown, it is not clear how old he was at the time of the uprising, nor is anything known about his family and business ties, except that he was a reasonably well-off farmer.
The Jacquerie.
In 1358 the Beauvais was perhaps the only region of France that had remained unaffected by twenty years of warfare with England. It was still prosperous despite the impact of the Black Death, and maintained its wealth under the protection of the household troops of the French king and the other nobles who lived in and around Paris, depending on the region for food and for taxation income. However, in 1356, King John II was captured by the English at the battle of Poitiers. His exorbitant ransom began to drain the already depleted French treasury and the authority exercised by the nobility diminished. In the spring of 1358 violence broke out in Paris, as a clothier named Étienne Marcel seized the city with an army of townsmen, drove out the Dauphin and formed a revolutionary commune, presided over by Marcel. 
Cale was sympathetic to the Parisiens, and so when a similar rebellion began to ferment in the Beauvais, he rose to become its leader, forming bands of peasants, villagers and brigands into a fairly cohesive though ill-equipped force. Cale and his supporters were able to overcome the scattered opposition from noble bodyguards and retainers and take control of the region. Loosely organized, the rebel bands ran amok, killing hundreds of nobles, retainers, and their wives and families amid scenes of brutality. Cale was joined by contingents from the towns of Senlis, Clermont and Creil and eventually could field 5,000 men, including several minor nobles, whose military experience gave his force structure. 
Cale conducted a campaign of reduction against local castles and forts designed to give his army more mobility, and his troops were substantial enough that they were able to menace local towns into feeding them under threat of destruction. The rebellion spread all around Paris, and it was said flames could be seen from the walls on all sides. Amongst the castles taken was a royal dwelling at Montmorency, which was burnt to the ground.
On 7 June, just a few weeks after the uprising began, Cale drew his forces up on a hill near his hometown of Mello and awaited the arrival of a force of nobles and mercenaries commanded by King Charles II of Navarre, which had been despatched to crush the rebellion. In an attempt to distract the advancing force, Cale sent 800 men to Meaux, where the Dauphin was sheltering with his family. Dauphin Charles fled, leaving his wife and daughter to be besieged in the castle of Marché. This did not however divert the King of Navarre, whose force arrived on 10 June. Promising safe passage, Charles of Navarre offered Cale a chance to discuss treaty terms in his camp, an opportunity Cale accepted. He left his lines, having prepared an efficient defense and entered the lines of the opposing forces. Charles did not however consider pledges made to a peasant to be bound by honor, and Cale was seized. The army of Jacques was destroyed in the ensuing Battle of Mello.
Cale was taken in irons to Clermont where, following torture, he was beheaded in the town square, along with some of the remnants of his army. (Some accounts offer that he was tortured to death by being crowned with a red-hot crown.) 
The Jacquerie was destroyed and major reprisals were undertaken against the peasants who had threatened the social order of medieval France.

</doc>
<doc id="5905015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905015" title="Marcin Dylla">
Marcin Dylla

Marcin Dylla is a Polish classical guitarist. He was born on June 6, 1976 in Chorzów. Between 1995 - 2000 he studied at the State Academy of Music in Katowice with Wanda Palacz. He continued his education abroad in the Musical Academy in Basel, Switzerland with Oscar Ghiglia, at the Musical Academy in Freiburg with S. Prunnbauer, and the Conservatorium Maastricht with Carlo Marchione. Although the piece was written in 1933, Dylla gave the premiere performance of Joaquin Rodrigo's "Toccata para guitarra" on June 1, 2006, in Madrid. He was the winner of the Alhambra International Guitar Competition in 2000 and of the GFA (Guitar Foundation of America) Guitar Competition in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5905018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905018" title="LAT TV">
LAT TV

LAT TV was a Spanish-language television network emphasizing family-oriented and educational programming. It was owned by Latin America Broadcasting of Houston, Texas and launched in May 2006, initially on five low-power television stations in Texas and Arizona, four of which were in top-ten Hispanic markets. The network folded in May 2008.
History.
LAT TV launched on May 19, 2006 with television stations in Houston, Austin, Dallas-Fort Worth and San Antonio, Texas, and in Phoenix, Arizona. On April 10, 2007, LAT TV announced a partnership with Equity Media Holdings that would affiliate 26 stations owned or controlled by Equity with LAT TV, effective May 30, 2007. The new affiliation expanded LAT TV coverage to 31 stations and to 27 markets in 15 states.
Citing a lack of investments caused by a lack of cable carriage, the network shut down May 20, 2008. The company plans to retain its broadcast licenses.
Programming.
LAT TV was headed by Patricia Torres-Burd and her team, consisting of Roxana Sibrian, Frida Villalobos and Ana Bzdusek.
LAT TV offered a wide variety of programming from Mexico, Latin America, Europe and the United States to serve a diverse Hispanic market. The schedule included telenovelas, sports, comedy, and children's programming. A half-hour network news program from Independent News Network, "Noticias LAT TV", aired each night. Weekday mornings included a block of public-service programs. Friday nights featured boxing matches, Late Night Variety Show "La Boca Loca De Paul" hosted by Paul Bouche, and the afternoon children's programming block includes "Topo Gigio", a show that has been popular in the Latino community since the 1960s.
Technology.
LAT TV was entirely based on internet protocol. Its systems administrator Aaron Ward and network operations manager Jay Ross oversaw the process.
LAT TV Stations.
Affiliates.
Charter affiliates
Affiliates added May 30, 2007
Announced for affiliation, but did not carry the network
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5905022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905022" title="Regional variation">
Regional variation

A regional variation generally refers to times when a radio station or television station simultaneously broadcasts different programmes, continuity or advertisements to different parts of its coverage area. This may be so as to provide programming specific to a particular region, such as local news or may be so as to allow advertisements to be targeted to a particular area.
Some regional variations are the consequence of a federal style television network or radio network where a local station is part of a larger broadcast network and broadcasts the network's programmes some of the time and its own programming the rest of the time. The latter is therefore sometimes considered a regional variation. Examples of this include the UK's ITV network throughout much of its history, and American network affiliate stations.
Regional variation is also a common term used in British television listings publications, such as magazines and newspapers, to show the different programmes broadcast in different areas of the country.
Regional variations in the United Kingdom.
The BBC has traditionally offered regional variations across many of its services. The Home Service and its successor Radio 4 provided regional variations until the late 1970s when Local Radio took over most of these responsibilities. BBC One and the BBC Television Service have provided variations in the English regions throughout most of their history, and continues to do so today (mainly News and current affairs programming). In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, BBC One has to a large degree been operated as a separate television channel, rather than a variant on BBC One as broadcast in England. BBC Two has in the past broadcast variations within the English regions, though now only has variations for each of the Constituent Countries of the United Kingdom. BBC Choice also briefly had regional variations for these areas.
ITV was originally established as a network of some 14 separate companies, each designated a region of coverage (see History of ITV). Each company provided a mixture of local programming for its own coverage area, as well as airing nationwide networked programmes (usually produced by one of the contractors). ITV has traditionally included more regional variations than the BBC, though since consolidation and majority ownership by ITV plc regional variations on the network are far fewer, and often no more than the minimum requirements as set by Ofcom.
Channel 4 and Channel Five provide no regional variations for programming or continuity, but offer variation during advertising breaks. S4C provided an alternative to Channel 4 in Wales, and broadcasts some of Channel 4's programmes, both simultaneously and slightly behind; though this is technically not a regional variation, rather a separate station in its own right, it is nonetheless frequently described under the heading of 'regional variations' in many newspapers and magazines. In 2009, S4C ceased from broadcasting Channel 4 programmes altogether when analogue television transmitters in Wales were switched off as part of the United Kingdom-wide Digital switchover.
Sky News and Sky1 also provide a variant of their stations for the Republic of Ireland, although specific Sky News coverage for the Republic of Ireland is extremely limited, due in part to the channel with Irish content closing on 3 November 2006, and Sky1's variant is purely an advertising opt-out.
Variations in image and continuity in the UK.
ITV.
Until 2002, ITV's continuity was largely separate in each region of the country, even when announcing broadcasts that were the same throughout the country. The logo of the regional contractor would typically be displayed instead of, or far more prominently than, any 'ITV' logo, before programmes and during trailers. Separate announcers would also be used.
With the consolidation of many ITV companies throughout the 1990s, continuity was often shared between regions as a cost-cutting measure, with the Granada plc companies sharing a continuity announcer (but with different logos) from the late 1990s until all ITV Plc regions shared the same continuity from 2002 onwards. UTV and STV still continue with separate continuity most of the time, with Channel Television occasionally showing its own pre-recorded continuity in place of the network ITV1 branded material.
BBC.
The BBC also provided regional continuity during the 1960s and 1970s, often also for nationally networked programming, but this has been phased out. Regional continuity is used between 6am and 2am provided by BBC Scotland, BBC Wales and BBC Northern Ireland for BBC One and BBC Two, outside these times the channels utilise the main BBC One and BBC Two continuity. In England, BBC One continuity is simply referred to as BBC One on air at all times except preceding local programming where all regions except BBC London use pre-recorded announcements. BBC London utilises the main BBC announcers for its local programmes. BBC Two is a single channel in England so uses national continuity at all times.
BBC Three, BBC Four, CBBC Channel, CBeebies, BBC News Channel and BBC Parliament have no regional variations and therefore no regional continuity.
Regional variations in listings.
Magazines and national newspapers print different editions of their TV listings for different areas – some just for the four British nations of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, while others produce separate editions for the regions within England also. For example, the "Radio Times" produces six different editions in total (three of them in the English regions), while its oldest rival "TV Times" now produces only four; newspaper supplements are usually printed in just one edition for the whole of the UK.
A regional variations column shows programmes in areas which differ from those in the main listings columns. Generally, only programming that differs from the main schedule is listed rather than listing the entire schedule of each regional area verbatim, much of which would be identical. It is these programmes that make up regional variations. Sometimes all UK regional variations are listed, generally when only one copy of a publication is made for every area, but often only adjoining regions are listed as variations, as is the case in the "Radio Times".
In English regional and UK-wide editions, the main BBC One or ITV column shows programmes in the London region, with other regions (and nations) in the regional variations column. S4C is also often listed here. In Welsh and Scottish editions, adjoining English regions are usually listed. In Northern Ireland, some services from the Republic of Ireland are often listed as regional variations, although they are not.
Technicalities of regional variations.
Traditionally, regional variations depend on a network or service broadcasting over multiple transmitters. Typically a 'network' feed will originate from a central location, such as BBC Television Centre, and be fed to all transmitters. Local offices or regional contractors would then be said to opt out of this feed when they switch to feeding the transmitter(s) with locally originated content and to opt in when returning to a national feed. Opt-ins and opt-outs were often quite noticeable in earlier days for causing the picture distortion such as jumping and rolling as the feed was switched; such effects are still noticeable today, though less obvious.
Whilst the BBC originated its network feed from the same place (Television Centre) ITV in earlier days would originate its feed from the broadcaster which made the programme.
Satellite services such as Sky Digital often offer regional variations by transmitting duplicate feeds of the same station for each region traditionally covered by groups of transmitters as an arguably costly way to provide regional variations within an area covered by the same satellite. Both the BBC and ITV do this, as do Channel 4 and Channel Five for advertisements. The digital set top box will determine which version of the channel to supply based on a list of post codes corresponding to the details on the user's smart card.
Opt-out.
Opt-out is a term used in broadcasting when a nation or region splits from the main national output. In the United Kingdom, BBC One Scotland, BBC One Northern Ireland and BBC One Wales often opt out of the main BBC One schedule in favour of locally relevant programming.
In a similar manner, local television newsrooms present regional news following national news bulletins—the practise having been popularised by current affairs programme "Nationwide" and "Sixty Minutes"—after which they would opt into the national programme again. Opting out was also common throughout telethons, such as "Children in Need", where regions separate to transmit local coverage.
The term "opt-out" is a peculiarly British idiom when applied to broadcasting, whilst used to describe the occurrence of regional events in an otherwise national stream the term has fallen into technical mis-use. Of the British broadcasters, really only the BBC ever opts out within the proper technical meaning of the term and only then in its English regions.
Technical description.
An opt-out is the process of a regional entity inserting its output into a tributary of an otherwise complete national broadcast distribution feed, creating a local variation in output.
Being a non-commercial broadcaster, the BBC has no need to play out local commercial spots, thus a regional node will typically only output programme material during the local news. Rather than each region having to control or monitor output that is being relayed from a central source, the region will step back from the network, allowing the central source to directly feed its transmitters. The central source is a national feed, which is complete in itself including all continuity, timing, announcement and programme elements. The region interposes to broadcast its element locally, in place of a programme in the national feed, by bringing itself into the network (cold-opt) in preparation for the start of the regional element (warm-opt).
Within BBC English Regions, the opt-out usually takes place within equipment located within the region's own central technical area. This is not always the case though; for instance the output from BBC Hull, which feeds the Belmont transmitter, is actually switched at BBC Leeds, and the Channel Islands opt-out occurs at Plymouth of the UK mainland, although the programme content comes from both Plymouth and Jersey. Considerable variation can exist between the signal paths for digital (DTT and DSat) and analogue transmissions, leading to great complexity in the opt-out logic.
Commercial broadcasters such as ITV, Channel 4 (with S4C) and Channel Five distribute their programmes to regions complete with local advertising and regional programme variations. Regional programmes, although they may be produced in a particular region, are sent to a centralised play-out facility as contributions for insertion into the regional broadcast feed. BBC programmes in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are broadcast from their own play-out facilities in Glasgow, Cardiff and Belfast, although receiving live and recorded programmes from London they continuously monitor their own output. Thus they don't actually "opt out".
Other instances.
Regional elements are inserted into the French public broadcaster France 3 (France Régions 3, or FR3 for short) by opting out from a national service broadcast from Paris.
Many programme services on North American cable systems are subject to inserts of regional advertisements inserted by the local cable operator.

</doc>
<doc id="5905030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905030" title="Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass">
Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass

Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass (born April 29, 1961) is a former Norwegian cross country skier who competed from 1981 to 1997. He won the 15 km silver at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Mikkelsplass also won the 15 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1981.
His best-known successes were at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships where he won two golds (4 x 10 km: 1982, 1985), one silver (15 km: 1989), and one bronze (4 x 10 km: 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="5905037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905037" title="Nukleuz">
Nukleuz

Nukleuz is a dance record label based in the Clapham area of London, UK. Nukleuz is the home to many artists and compilation series in various genres including trance, UK hardcore, tech house and hard house.
Nukleuz was established as the new offshoot of Italian record label by UK Media Records boss Peter Pritchard in 1996. The very first releases on the label were more focused around the funky house genre but within a couple of years the label was releasing its first UK hard house productions. Their production output developed pace considerably towards the end of the last millennium and in 2001, Nukleuz won the "Dance Label of the Year" award at the "Music Week" 's annual awards. This was an award achieved through selling merit, not the personal tastes of a judging panel.
Nukleuz has been the home of some of the world’s greatest and most respected hard dance stars including BK, Andy Farley, Nick Sentience, Mauro Picotto, Mario Piu, Lisa Pin-Up, Stu Allan, Alphazone, Tom Harding, Phil Reynolds, Organ Donors, Breeze & Styles, Pierre Pienaar, Disco Brothers and more. The label has recently been successful in producing new talent in the hard dance scene, with such artists as Andy Whitby, Cally & Juice, P.H.A.T.T., Technikal, Dark By Design and Gammer. Nukleuz also began working with Frantic on a series of Frantic Euphoria albums with Ministry of Sound mixed by upcoming artists Andy Whitby & Cally & Juice and achieving commercial success.
Besides Nukleuz's own collective of artists, the label has also licensed a number of tracks from other parts of the world, resulting in them being UK chart-toppers. Notable examples of this are the 2000 re-issue of Belgian techno artist Praga Khan's rave anthem "Injected With A Poison" and Mauro Picotto's "Lizard", which was a top 30 hit in the UK.
In 2005 Nukleuz veered towards a music that was at the heart of its founder, Peter Pritchard (who made his first hardcore record with Stu Allan in 1989), which was coming from within the hardcore scene and found more than they were bargaining for, large numbers of high quality records by a variety of young up and coming producers. Filled with enthusiasm they set about creating hardcore anthems like they had previously made the best Italian Tech Trance and UK hard house and created the successful Hardcore Nation CDs with Warner Music alongside Stu Allan, DJ Seduction & Robbie Long. These albums have become some of the most successful in the world of Hardcore. They have also started a new series with Gut called Hardcore Adrenaline. 2007 saw Nukleuz signing P.H.A.T.T. as the head of the trance label (green) in order to follow up the success of the Trance Sessions albums.
DJ Nation.
The label has two of their megamixes make the UK Singles Chart under the collaborative name "Nukleuz DJs"; the tracks were both entitled "DJ Nation". In order for the records to be chart eligible, the label issued six new tracks spread over three 12" vinyl singles and included the megamixes, lasting just over a minute long, on each release so that sales of all three singles would be combined and hence a higher chart position would be reached. As well as the two top 40 hits, the label had a further three top 75 hits using this strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="5905039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905039" title="Arlington Municipal Airport">
Arlington Municipal Airport

Arlington Municipal Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905047" title="Swinford Toll Bridge">
Swinford Toll Bridge

Swinford Toll Bridge is a privately owned toll bridge across the River Thames in Oxfordshire, England. It crosses the river just above Eynsham Lock, between the village of Eynsham on the west bank and the small settlement of Swinford on the east bank (in Berkshire until 1974). It carries the B4044 road from Oxford to Eynsham, which was the A40 road until the Eynsham bypass was completed in 1936.
History.
The bridge, a Georgian structure built of local limestone, was opened in 1769. It replaced a pre-existing ferry and its construction was funded by the Earl of Abingdon. The bridge is governed by its own Act of Parliament. It allows the bridge owner to collect tolls and makes the building of bridges across the river illegal for three miles either way up or down stream from Swinford. By repute, the owners do not pay tax on the revenue from the tolls as a perquisite from King George III. It is one of the two remaining toll bridges that cross the Thames upstream of London, the other being Whitchurch Bridge.
In 1835 tolls for pedestrians over Swinford bridge were abolished. Pedal cycles and motorcycles are also exempt from tolls. Other classes of traffic remain subject to tolls, which are £0.05 in the case of cars. Despite this small toll there is () a campaign to make it toll-free. Oxfordshire County Council estimates that 10,000 vehicles cross the bridge every day. Toll collection causes significant delays and air pollution. An online poll in 2006 on the "Witney Gazette" website showed that 87.5% of voters want the tolls scrapped.
The bridge was put up for sale in 2009 and was sold at auction on 3 December for £1.08 million. A campaign calling for Oxfordshire County Council to buy the bridge was unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="5905056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905056" title="Victorian Premier's Prize for Poetry">
Victorian Premier's Prize for Poetry

The Victorian Premier's Prize for Poetry, formerly known as the C. J. Dennis Prize for Poetry, is a prize category in the annual Victorian Premier's Literary Award. As of 2011 it has a enumeration of 25,000. The winner of this category prize vies with 4 other category winners for overall Victorian Prize for Literature valued at an additional 100,000. 
The prize was formerly known as the C. J. Dennis Prize for Poetry from inception until 2010, when the awards were re-established under the stewardship of the Wheeler Centre and restarted with new prize amounts and a new name. It was named after the early twentieth century vernacular poet C. J. Dennis.
Victorian Premier's Prize for Poetry.
Blue ribbon () = winner.

</doc>
<doc id="5905057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905057" title="IBC Studios">
IBC Studios

The IBC Recording Studios (IBC: "International Broadcasting Company") were recording studios located at 35 Portland Place, London, England. In the 1960s–70s the studios become internationally famous after being used by some of the biggest recording artists in the world.
In the late 1970s, Chas Chandler bought the studios and renamed them Portland Recording Studios. The address was also home to George Peckham's cutting rooms (Porky Prime Cuts) and Radiotracks Studios, a company specialising in recording and producing radio commercials. It was later bought by Don Arden and was run by his son David Arden.
In its long history, and especially in its heyday as IBC, the studios manufactured much of their own equipment under the direction of Denis King. The quadraphonic mixing desk designed in the early '70s was still in use in the late '80s by Radiotracks, though in a different building. The desk had been built to take advantage of the quadraphonic technology that had been pioneered for music, though this never became popular and the desk was never used for that purpose in its music days. Instead the quadraphonic system on the desk was put to good use for mixing soundtracks for large events, including a celebration of 800 years of the Lord Mayors of London at the Guildhall. Although all the large mixing desks have been dismantled, one smaller desk, a nine-into-three desk used for locations recording still exists and is in private hands. The small, fully transistorised desk, built around 1958, was used to record "My Old Man's a Dustman" by Lonnie Donegan in 1960.
Recording artists.
Notable artists who have recorded at IBC studios include:
Current usage.
The studios are today occupied by Musion Systems Ltd, which uses the space to demonstrate its life-size hologram technology, and to record footage for broadcast as holographic images. Madonna used the system to appear as her virtual self at the Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5905085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905085" title="Gott">
Gott

Gott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905086" title="Palpimanidae">
Palpimanidae

The Palp-footed spiders (Palpimanidae) are a spider family with about 130 described species in 15 genera.
Instead of the normal six, Palpimanidae have only two spinnerets. Their first legs are greatly enlarged. All species produce ecribellate silk. Palpimanidae have six eyes, a red cephalothorax, very strong first legs, which are raised while moving. At least "Palpimanus gibbulus" lives in leaf litter or under stones in dry soils.
Distribution.
Species of this family occur in South America, Africa, Southeast Asia, China, with a few species in the Mediterranean and one in Uzbekistan.
Genera.
The categorization into subfamilies follows Joel Hallan's Biology Catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="5905087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905087" title="Schierke">
Schierke

Schierke is a village and a former municipality in the Harz district, in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. Since 1 July 2009, it is part of the town Wernigerode. 
Schierke was first mentioned as "Schiriken" in a 1590 deed. Situated within the Harz mountain range in the valley of the Bode River, at the rim of the Harz National Park, it is mainly a tourist resort, especially for hiking and all kinds of winter sport. Since 1898 Schierke station has been served by the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways. In 1914 and 1934 it was the site of the German Skeleton Championships. Nevertheless, due to its location next to the former inner German border, visits to Schierke required an extra permission by East German authorities between 1952 and 1989.
Today Schierke again is a popular place to start or finish a walk to the Brocken mountain via the "Goetheweg" or the "Glashüttenweg". It has bus service and access to the Brocken Railway, whose station is located about 100 metres above the village. A popular attraction in the area is the "Brocken Coaster", a local summer rodelbahn. Schierke also provides the region with a popular resort for skiing destinations such as the slope of the Wurmberg mountain, the second highest of the Harz. Another winter activity in the area involves hiring or obtaining a sled and riding it down the "bob bahn" – a local tobogganing track.
Geography.
Location.
The winter sport and climatic spa of Schierke lies in the High Harz mountains, southeast of their highest summit, the Brocken. It borders on the Harz National Park. Situated 600 to 650 m above sea level in the valley of the Cold Bode, the parish of Schierke has an area of 40.1 km² and a population of 713 (as at 31 December 2007).
<br style="clear:left">
Climate.
The average air temperature in Schierke is 5.3 °C, and it has an annual precipitation of 1,275 millimetres.
History.
The field name of Schierke was first mentioned in the records in 1590 as "Schiriken" (the German word "schier" means, in the Harz area, an utterly, unspoilt wood ("blankes, reines Holz"). Hitherto there had been a sawmill in 1506, below the site of the subsequent village, in Elend, and a smelting works above the Cold Bode near the moor slags ("Moorschlacken"). On 20 June 1898 Schierke was connected to Wernigerode by the Harz Railway and the Brocken Railway. On 4 October 1898 the line was extended up to the top of the Brocken.
On 13 January 2009 the Mayor of Schierke, Hans-Jochen Ermisch, and his counterpart from Wernigerode, Peter Gaffert, signed the treaty incorporating it into Wernigerode. This merger came into effect on 1 July 2009.
Politics.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms was granted to Schierke on 5 May 1939 by the governor ("Oberpräsident") of the Province of Saxony.
Emblazonment: "On a field or, a stag's skull and antlers sable" (""In gold ein schwarzer Hirsch-Schädel mit Geweih im Visier"").
The stag's antlers epitomize the "King of the Harz Forest", the dominant wild animal in the mountain forests around Schierke. Just as the antlers are the crown of the deer, Schierke, on the Brocken, "crowns" the Harz landscape with its natural beauty and its healing climate.
The coat of arms was designed by the head of the Magdeburg state archives, Otto Korn.
Sport and walking.
The area around Schierke is criss-crossed by numerous trails, several leading up to the top of the Brocken. There is a choice of longer or shorter, but usually steeper, walks. The Wurmberg Trail ("Wurmbergstieg") runs up to the summit of the Wurmberg. From the station, a trail runs directly to an interesting tor, the "Feuersteinklippe". For winter sports lovers, Schierke has an extensive cross-country skiing trail network and a natural ice rink.
In the first half of the 20th century Schierke was known for its skeleton run, where the German Championships were twice held – in 1914 and 1934. In 1950 the first East German national winter sports championships took place here, being portrayed on one of two special stamps by the East German Deutsche Post.
In Schierke there is a summer rodelbahn, the "Brockencoaster" with a sun terrace.
For a long time, Schierke was not accessible to the public for winter sports. From the 1960s to the 1980s, Schierke was only accessible with a special pass, due to its proximity to the Inner German Border. On the site of the present training centre for engineering and metallurgy once stood a barracks for East German border troops. The 7th Border Company of the 20th Border Regiment guarded the stretch of border from the Brocken plateau via Goetheweg station and the Dreieckiger Pfahl border stone (checkpoint no. 168 in the Harzer Wandernadel) to the Großer Winterberg. One troop was stationed for a week at a time up on the Brocken and accommodated in the present day station building of the Brocken Railway.
Notable people.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe visited Schierke in 1784. The Walpurgis Night scene in is set in the "District of Schierke and Elend".
Schierker Feuerstein.
"Schierker Feuerstein" is a herbal liqueur and digestif (35% abv), patented in 1924 by the local chemist, Willy Drube. The red-brown beverage is named after the red granite of the "Feuersteinklippe", a tor-like rock formation nearby. After World War II the production at first continued in Bad Lauterberg on the western side of the inner German border, but was also resumed in Schierke from 1972 on as "Volkseigener Betrieb". After reunification the enterprises merged while the "Feuerstein" is still bottled at both locations.

</doc>
<doc id="5905100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905100" title="Goran Krivokapić">
Goran Krivokapić

Goran Krivokapić (Горан Кривокапић) (born 1979) is a Montenegrin classical guitarist.
Biography.
Krivokapić was born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia and started his music education at the age of eight through Mićo Poznanović at the Music School of Herceg Novi in Montenegro. Soon after that, he began to perform publicly and quickly built up a reputation as a "freak of nature", which inspired the famous montenegrin poet and TV personality Dragan Radulović to produce a documentary about him in 1993. He continued his studies at the Faculty of Music in Belgrade (class of S. Tošić), graduating in 2000, and further pursued them with Hubert Käppel and Roberto Aussel at the "Hochschule für Musik Köln" in Germany, where he graduated and received the "Konzertexamen" degree. During that time, he also received his master’s degree at the Conservatorium Maastricht (the Netherlands), under the tutorship of Carlo Marchione.
Goran Krivokapić did his first international competition ("Petar Konjovic" in Belgrade) in 1994. After winning it, he continued competing in the most prestigious international competitions and won a total of seventeen first prizes, making this number unique in the music world. Some of them are:
XVI International Guitar Competition Andrés Segovia in Almuñecar (Spain - 2000),
XXXIII International Guitar Competition Michele Pittaluga (member of WFIMC) in Alessandria (Italy - 2000),
XXIII International Guitar Competition Rene Bartoli in Aix-en-Provence (France)
XXXII International Guitar Competition Fernando Sor in Rome (Italy - 2003),
VII Alhambra International Guitar Competition in Alcoy (Spain - 2004),
XXV International Guitar Competition Mauro Giuliani in Bari (Italy - 2004),
XXII Guitar Foundation of America International Solo Competition in Montréal (Canada - 2004),
XXXI Dr. Luis Sigall International Competition for Musical Performance (member of WFIMC) in Viña del Mar (Chile - 2004).
As a soloist, Goran has performed with the Slovak Chamber Orchestra, Belgrade Philharmonic, Montenegro Symphony Orchestra, Montenegro Chamber Orchestra, Chilean Symphony Orchestra and Turin Philharmonic. He has given solo recitals and master-classes at guitar festivals, music festivals and concert seasons in Germany, Italy, Spain, Austria, Netherlands, France, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Luxembourg, Montenegro, Serbia, Greece, Turkey, USA, Canada, Mexico, South Africa and Chile.
His solo career has enjoyed extensive media coverage over the years. Several television documentaries were made about him (TV Montenegro, TV Arte, TV Politika) and he performed for and gave interviews to TV and radio stations such as RTS, RTCG, TVBK, FOX7, FMR... Various newspapers and music magazines wrote about him: Classical Guitar Magazine (UK), Akustik Gitarre (Germany), Gendai Guitar Magazine (Japan), Les Cahiers de la Guitare (France), Musica (Italy), Seicorde (Italy), MobilArt (Montenegro), Stampa (Italy)...
In 2005 he recorded a CD for Naxos Records, which received excellent reviews worldwide.
For his outstanding musicianship, Goran has received several honorary awards, including "The Golden Guitar" award, presented to him during the 10th International Guitar Convention in Alessandria (Italy) 2005, for the best up-and-coming guitarist. A year later (2006), he received another "Golden Guitar", this time for the best CD of the year.
His future projects include solo recitals and master-classes in Europe, America, Russia and South Africa, as well as DVD productions for Mel Bay Publications (USA) and La Guitarra (Italy) and new CD recordings for Naxos Records and Dutch Record Company.
Selected recordings.
http://www.naxos.com/catalogue/item.asp?item_code=8.557809
Recorded at the St John Chrysostom Church, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada, 28 April – 1 May 2005
NAXOS 8.557809 [61:11]

</doc>
<doc id="5905116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905116" title="Sutherlin">
Sutherlin

Sutherlin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905118" title="FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor">
FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor

FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor () is a football club based in Banatski Dvor, Vojvodina, Serbia.
History.
The club was founded in 1938. They played mostly in regional leagues during the period before the break-up of Yugoslavia. In 2003 they were promoted to the top national league for the first time. They will finish the 2003–04 First League of Serbia and Montenegro in 13th place out of 16 teams, thus being relegated, but after only a year, they will return to the top tier. In the 2005–06 Serbia and Montenegro SuperLiga they will have a much better performance by finishing in 8th place, however, in late January during the winter break of the season, Budućnost was merged with FK Proleter Zrenjanin and form a new club named FK Banat Zrenjanin.
The major highlight of the club happened when they reached the final of the 2004 Serbia and Montenegro Cup which they lost to Red Star Belgrade by 0–1. This lead them to qualify for the 2004–05 UEFA Cup second qualifying round where they met Slovenian side NK Maribor which beat them in away goals with a 2–2 aggregate.
Notable former players.
This is a list of players with senior national team caps or more than 50 league appearances: "(incomplete)"
"For the complete list of all former players with wikipedia article, please see :Category:FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor players."

</doc>
<doc id="5905120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905120" title="Gadfly (mythology)">
Gadfly (mythology)

The gadfly, a type of fly plaguing cattle, typically ones belonging to either the family Tabanidae (horse-flies) or the family Oestridae (bot flies), appears in Greek mythology as a tormenter to Io, the heifer maiden. Zeus lusts after Io and eventually turns her into a white heifer to hide her from his jealous wife, Hera. Hera is not fooled, and demands Io as a gift from Zeus. She then assigns Argus, the 100-eyed monster, the job of guarding Io. Hermes (ordered by Zeus) kills Argus and frees Io. When Hera finds out, she sends a gadfly to torment and sting Io, forcing her to wander farther and farther away from home.
The gadfly also plays a role in the myth of how Bellerophon loses Pegasus and the gods' favor. Bellerophon attempts to ride Pegasus to the top of Mt. Olympus, arrogantly believing himself worthy of entering the realm of the gods. Zeus is enraged by the human's audacity and sends a gadfly to sting Pegasus. The winged horse is startled and he rears backward. Bellerophon loses his grip and falls back to Earth. Athena spares his life by causing him to land on soft ground, but he becomes blind and wanders the earth alone until he dies, hated by both men and gods.

</doc>
<doc id="5905123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905123" title="São Simão, Goiás">
São Simão, Goiás

São Simão is a small town and a municipality in south-central Goiás state, Brazil. 
Location.
São Simão is strategically situated on the border of Goiás with Minas Gerais, which makes it a major river navigation link between central Brazil, the Prata river system and the South Atlantic. By way of the Paranaíba-Paraná-Tietê river system, from São Simão one can travel from Minas to São Paulo, Paraná, Paraguay and Argentina. The region has a mild tropical climate with an average annual temperature of 23°C. 
The municipality has boundaries with Paranaiguara on the north; Santa Vitória-MG on the south and east; and Caçu on the west.
The region has good highway connections and is crossed by BR-365, which links São Simão to the Triângulo Mineiro and São Paulo; BR-364, which connects to the southeast of Goiás and Mato Grosso; and GO-060 and GO-164 with links to Goiânia and Brasília.
The distance to the state capital, Goiânia is 365 km. Highway connections are made by BR-060 / Abadia de Goiás / Guapó / Indiara / Acreúna / GO-164 / Santa Helena de Goiás / Quirinópolis / BR-483 / GO-164 / Paranaiguara / BR-364. See Sepin
There is a regional airport with a paved runway measuring 1,800 meters in length and 45 meters in width. It can receive planes up to 99 tons.
In the municipality there is also a district—Itaguaçu—and a village—Olaria. (Municipalities in Brazil are divided into "distritos", "povoados", and "aglomerados".) 
The economy.
The economy is based on tourism, subsistence agriculture, cattle raising, services, public administration (802 workers in 2003), and small transformation industries. Much of the income is generated by the hydroelectric plant. The cattle herd had 40,000 head (2006). The main agricultural products were rice, and corn.
Economic Data (2007)
Main agricultural products in ha.(2006)
Farm Data (2006)in ha.
São Simão is officially a port on the Paranaíba River, and is a major link on the Hidrovia Paranaíba-Tieté, Paraná, which is a waterway connecting these rivers to the port of Santos. There are warehouses both private and public for storing grains (mainly soybeans), which are transported in ships thousands of kilometers to the sea. Hidrovia
Health and education.
There were 10 schools (2006)and 01 hospital with 27 beds (2007). 
For a complete list see Frigoletto.com
Tourism.
Tourism is also very important with the huge São Simão lake nearby. The reservoir (674 km² and 12,5 billion cubic meters of volume) is used for fishing, swimming, and nautical sports. One of the greatest tourist points of the region is the artificial beach on the banks of this reservoir, twice the size of Guanabara Bay, and formed by the building of the São Simão Dam. See video at São Simão. This beach is called Praia do Lago Azul and has one kilometer of beach with bars, showers, bike path, track, bathrooms, a camping area, and tropical vegetation. 
São Simão is famous for its carnival celebration attracting major performers from around the country and thousands of tourists. The hotel infrastructure is quite large for such a small city with 18 hotels and one large campground on the shore of the lake. The gastronomic offering is also varied with 15 restaurants.
One of the most spectacular attractions is the Hydroelectric Plant of São Simão, located on the Paranaíba River. It began operating in 1978 with 1,710,000 MW of installed power with 6 generators. The dam is 3,600 meters long and 127 meters high and the useful volume of the reservoir is approximately 5,540 billion m³. According to the concession given by ANEEL, this reservoir can operate between the level of 390.5 m, denominated the minimum operating level, and 401 m, denominated the maximum operating level. Usina de São Simão
History.
The history of the city is connected to the construction of the São Simão dam and power station. Before 1930 the region was almost uninhabited. A small settlement appeared on the banks of the Paranaíba inhabited by diamond miners and fishermen. In 1935 a bridge was built connecting the states of Goiás and Minas Gerais and the town began to prosper. The population was already about 7,000. In 1957 this concrete bridge was washed away by torrential rains. The date is still remembered by the locals as Judgement Day. In 1961 a new bridge was finished and inaugurated by President Juscelino Kubitschek. In 1975, with the building of the dam, a new city for 10,000 people was created with mercury lamps, paved streets, and modern schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905125" title="Karina Gauvin">
Karina Gauvin

Karina Gauvin is a Canadian soprano who has made several recordings and is especially recognised for her interpretation of Baroque music. "Opera News" stated that, "Gauvin knows how to rivet an audience in opera and concert. She has been a queen of Baroque opera for years. Her personality is big enough to dominate her elaborate wigs and costumes, and her soprano voice is like a clear, refreshing and inexhaustible spring that darts and sparkles around any ornamental obstacle in its way."
Life and career.
Born in Repentigny, Quebec Gauvin was the youngest of three children born to two both professionally trained opera singers who were never able to establish successful performance careers. With the encouragement of her mother, Lucie Gaudreau, she became a member of the Canadian Children's Opera Chorus at the age of 8. She sang in numerous concerts and operas with the chorus over the next eight years, including productions of "Tosca" and "Wozzeck". As a teenager she began to study singing seriously with mezzo-soprano Catherine Robbin in Toronto. She moved with her family back to Montreal and shortly thereafter enrolled at McGill University where she majored in Art History. While there she sang in the university's chorus under conductor Nicole Paiement. Paiement convinced Gauvin to pursue a career as a singer, and she subsequently left McGill for the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal where she became a pupil of Marie Daveluy. She later studied in Glasgow with contralto Pamela Bowden at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama.
Gauvin made her professional opera debut with the Glimmerglass Opera. She won First Prize at the CBC Radio National Competition, and the Lieder Prize and the Public's Prize at the 's-Hertogenbosch International Vocal Competition (Holland, 1994). Other awards include the Virginia Parker Prize (Canada Council) and the Maggie Teyte Memorial Prize in London. She has sung in concerts with the Chicago Symphony, Les Violons du Roy, Los Angeles Philharmonic, Minnesota Orchestra, Montreal Symphony Orchestra, Orchestre Symphonique de Québec, Philadelphia Orchestra, and Toronto Symphony Orchestra among others.

</doc>
<doc id="5905140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905140" title="William Flete">
William Flete

William Flete was a 14th-century Augustinian hermit friar, a contemporary and great friend of St. Catherine of Siena. 
Biography.
The exact place and date of his birth are unknown and those of his death are disputed. He was an English mystic, and lived in the latter half of the fourteenth century; educated at Cambridge, he afterwards joined the Austin Friars in England.
Desiring a stricter observance to the rule than they were living, and hearing that there were two monasteries of his order which had returned to primitive discipline near Siena, he set out for Italy. On reaching the forest of Lecceto, near Siena, in which one of these monasteries stood, he found the place, which abounded in caves, suited to the contemplative life, that with the consent of his superiors he joined this community. Henceforth he spent his days in study and contemplation in one of these caves, and returned to the monastery at night to sleep. He was called the "Bachelor of the Wood"; here he became acquainted with St. Catherine, who occasionally visited him at Lecceto and went to confession to him. He had so great a love for solitude, that he declined to leave it when invited by Pope Urban VI to go to Rome, to assist him with his counsel at the time of the papal schisms then disturbing the Church. 
He wrote a long panegyric on St. Catherine at her death, which, with another of his works, is preserved in the public library at Siena. For at least nineteen years he led a most holy and austere life in this wood, and is said by Torellus to have returned to England, immediately after St. Catherine's death in 1383, and, after introducing the reform of Lecceto, to have died the same year. Others say he died in 1383, but there is no mention of his death in the book of the dead at Lecceto, and the exact date of it is uncertain. He was considered a saint by his contemporaries. 
His works consist of six manuscripts:
Only "Remedies Against Temptations" (a Middle English version of "De remediis contra temptationes") has been printed.

</doc>
<doc id="5905147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905147" title="Suttons Bay">
Suttons Bay

Suttons Bay can refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5905149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905149" title="Thomas Jackson (trade unionist)">
Thomas Jackson (trade unionist)

Thomas Jackson (9 April 1925 - 6 June 2003) was a British trade unionist and is best remembered as the General Secretary of the Union of Post Office Workers who led 200,000 members into a 47-day strike in 1971, the first national postal strike.
Jackson was born in Leeds, West Yorkshire. Aged 14 he began work for the GPO as a telegraph boy. He spent three years (1943–46) on wartime service in the Royal Navy. Upon his return he became a postman, and later a sorter, during which time he became involved in the affairs of the Union of Post Office Workers. He became a member of its executive council in 1955 and in 1964 was elected national officer. In 1967, he became General Secretary, a role he held until 1982.
Other positions held.
Jackson married Norma Burrow in 1947 and had one daughter, Kim. In 1982 he divorced Burrow and married Kathleen Tognarelli in the same year, a marriage which produced another daughter.
After retirement from trade union activities, he ran a second-hand book business, specialising in recipe books. He died in Ilkley, West Yorkshire on 6 June 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5905152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905152" title="Intersubband polariton">
Intersubband polariton

Intersubband transitions are dipole and are allowed optical excitations between the quantized electronic energy levels within the conduction band of semiconductor heterostructures.
Intersubband transitions when coupled with an optical resonator form new, mixed-state photons. This mixing is referred to as an 'intersubband cavity-polariton'.
These transitions exhibit an anticrossing in energy with a separation known as 'vacuum-Rabi splitting', similar to level repulsion in atomic physics.

</doc>
<doc id="5905166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905166" title="D-class destroyer (1913)">
D-class destroyer (1913)

The D class as they were known from 1913 was a fairly homogeneous group of torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1890s. They were all constructed to the individual designs of their builder, John I. Thornycroft & Company of Chiswick, to meet Admiralty specifications. The uniting feature of the class was a top speed of and they all had two funnels. In 1913 the nine surviving "30 knotter" vessels with two funnels (all ten had been built by Thornycroft, but "Ariel" was lost before their renaming as "D" class) were retrospectively classified by the Admiralty as the "D" class to provide some system to the naming of HM destroyers. In the same way those with three funnels were classified as the "C" class and those with four funnels as the "B" class. All these vessels had a distinctive "turtleback" forecastle that was intended to clear water from the bow, but actually tended to dig the bow in to anything of a sea, resulting in a very wet conning position. They were better constructed than their A-class forebears (the "26 knotter" and "27 knotter" groups), but still were poor seaboats unable to reach top speed in anything but perfect conditions.
They generally displaced 355 to 370 tons and had a length of . All were powered by triple expansion steam engines for and had coal-fired water-tube boilers, except for the final vessel ("Stag") in which the engine power was slightly raised to . Armament was one QF 12 pounder on a bandstand on the forecastle, five QF 6 pounder (two sided abreast the conning tower, two sided between the funnels and one on the quarterdeck) and 2 single tubes for 18-inch (450-mm) torpedoes.
Due to the successful development of their previous 26 and 27 knot torpedo boat destroyers, John I Thornycroft & Company developed their two funnel design for the 1894/95 – 1897/98 building programs. The ships were considered an incremental improvement to the previous 27-knot design of the 1893/94 program. This design would be used for all follow-on turtleback ships under the 30-knot specification. The 30 knot torpedo boat destroyers built by Thornycroft were referred to as two funnel – 30 knot ships and were not assigned a class name at the time.
They featured a large fore-bridge, mast halfway between bridge and fore funnel, turtleback cut-away bow, large round stern, both torpedo tubes on centerline aft of second funnel and two funnels. They had a Thornycroft stern with the rudder not visible. They had dual rudders which made them very responsive to the helm.
Ships.
All ten of the "D" class were built by Thornycroft at Chiswick, in four batches.
See also.
A sister-ship built for the Imperial German Navy as flotilla leader for torpedo boats, called "Torpedo-Divisionsboot".

</doc>
<doc id="5905170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905170" title="Mike King (radio announcer)">
Mike King (radio announcer)

Michael Wayne "Mike" King (born in Virginia) is an American radio broadcaster, who is best known for being the chief announcer of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network and Indy Racing League between 1996 and 2013.
He began his announcing career at Campbell University, his alma mater, where he was studying to become a minister. He worked as a sports writer for several North Carolina newspapers, and worked as sports information director at Campbell University from 1981–1982. He started on television in Greenville, North Carolina, then took over as sports director at WTHI-TV in Terre Haute, Indiana.
In 1995, King joined the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network as a pit reporter. King took over as chief announcer of Indy Racing League events in 1996, whereas Bob Jenkins remained chief announcer of the Indianapolis 500. In 1999, Jenkins departed the radio network, and King was elevated to chief announcer of the Indy 500. King remained in this position until the end of 2013, when he tendered his resignation. He was replaced by Paul Page.
Personal.
He was a partial owner of the Terre Haute Action Track. for three years, before selling it. Nowadays, he lives with his wife and three children in Terre Haute, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5905174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905174" title="Ticket platform">
Ticket platform

A ticket platform was a platform situated outside a passenger railway station to allow passengers' tickets to be collected.
These platforms were unpopular as they delayed the arrival of the trains just a short distance outside the station, but it did enable railway staff to collect tickets before passengers had a chance to leave the station.
Ticket platforms fell out of use when corridor coaches became common as these allowed on-board ticket collection.
The former ticket platform on the approach to Oban railway station in Scotland is still in place beside the railway, as is the one outside Liverpool Street Station, London to the south of the line.
Ticket platforms are not to be confused with platform tickets.

</doc>
<doc id="5905183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905183" title="Sweeny">
Sweeny

Sweeny may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905196" title="Crusader (horse)">
Crusader (horse)

Crusader (1923–1940) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career which lasted from 1925 to 1928 he ran forty-two times and won eighteen races. He was the leading American three-year-old of 1926 when he won a number of important races including the Suburban Handicap, the Belmont Stakes and the Dwyer Stakes. He continued to race for a further two seasons but his form declined after he was injured at Aqueduct Racetrack in June 1927.
Background.
Crusader was sired by Man o' War from the mare Star Fancy, from the same family which also produced leading performers such as Whisk Broom, Venetian Way, Timber Country and Dubai Millennium. As a son of Man o' War, Crusader was a representative of the Godolphin Arabian sire line, unlike the majority of modern thoroughbreds, who descend from the Darley Arabian. He was bred by Samuel D. Riddle and was raced by his Glen Riddle Farm. He was usually ridden by either Earl Sande or Albert Johnson.
Racing career.
1925: two-year-old season.
As a two-year-old in 1925, Crusader won the Potomac Purse at Belmont Park, but his most important win of the year came in the $10,000 Manor Handicap at Laurel Park Racecourse on October 24.
1926: three-year-old season.
In 1926 Crusader defeated older horses including his stable companion American Flag to win the Suburban Handicap. Against his own age group he won the Belmont Stakes a week later, beating Espino by a length in front of a crowd of 25,000. On 3 July at Aqueduct he won the Dwyer Stakes by a nose from Chance Play, setting a course record of 2:29.6 for the mile and a half. In the $30,000 Cincinnati Derby on July 25, Crusader set another track record of 2:02.0 for ten furlongs, beating the Preakness Stakes winner Display with "remarkable ease" by three lengths.
On September 26 at Havre de Grace Racetrack Crusader won the Havre de Grace Handicap by ten lengths from Son of John, Display and Sarazen equaling the nine furlong track record of 1:50.0. According to the "New York Times", the win was "wildly acclaimed" and established Crusader as the Horse of the Year. Crusader finished fourth to Croyden when favourite for the Laurel Stakes but returned to win the inaugural running of the Riggs Handicap at Pimlico Race Course on November 1. On his final start of the season he finished second when attempting to concede thirty-three pounds in weight to the filly Edith Cavell in the two and a quarter mile Pimlico Cup. After this race it was reported that Crusader would be retired to a stud career in Europe.
Although there were no formal awards in 1926, Crusader was recognised as the Champion 3-year-old Male Horse and the unofficial Horse of the Year. His earnings of $166,033 made him the season's leading money-winner.
1927: four-year-old season.
In 1927, Crusader's early runs were disappointing, but he returned to form to become the first horse to win successive runnings of the Suburban Handicap, beating Black Maria by eight lengths on June 4. In his next race, the Brooklyn Handicap, he sustained career-threatening injuries when he was kicked in the leg by another horse. Although he returned to racing after a break, he was unable to recapture his best form.
1928: five-year-old season.
Crusader's five-year-old campaign was a disappointment as he failed to win in seven starts.
Stud record.
Crusader began his stud career at Colonel Phil T. Chinn's Himyar Stud in 1929, but returned to Riddle's own Faraway Farm stud to stand at a fee of $1,500 when Chinn was declared bankrupt a year later. He was not a great success as a stallion, attracting a disappointingly small number of mares and siring only six stakes winners. He did get Crossbow II (Sanford Stakes) and Royal Crusader (Del Mar Handicap). In 1938 Riddle leased Crusader to the Rancho Casitas, at Ventura, California, where he died in 1940.
Honors.
Crusader was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5905200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905200" title="Swatara">
Swatara

Swatara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905206" title="Mississippi Territory's at-large congressional district">
Mississippi Territory's at-large congressional district

Delegates from Mississippi Territory.
On April 7, 1798, the Mississippi Territory was created. A non-voting delegate was elected at-large beginning March 4, 1801.
The area of Mississippi Territory was increased in 1804 and again in 1812.
On December 10, 1817, Mississippi was admitted into the Union as a state and Alabama Territory to the east was spun off.

</doc>
<doc id="5905207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905207" title="Giorgio Vanzetta">
Giorgio Vanzetta

Giorgio Vanzetta (born Cavalese, 9 October 1959) is an Italian former cross-country skier who competed from 1982 to 2002. His best known victory was part of the 4 x 10 km relay team that upset Norway at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. He also won three medals at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville with a silver in the 4 x 10 km relay and bronzes in the 10 km + 15 km combined pursuit and 50 km.
Vanzetta also won two silver medals in the 4 x 10 km relay (1985, 1993) at the Nordic skiing World Championships. His sister, Bice, also competed in cross country skiing from 1986 to 1994.
At the Opening Ceremony for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin on 10 February, he and his 4 x 10 km relay teammates (Maurilio De Zolt, Marco Albarello, and Silvio Fauner) who won the gold at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, were among the last carriers of the Olympic torch before it was lit by fellow Italian cross country skier Stefania Belmondo.
Further notable results:

</doc>
<doc id="5905225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905225" title="Niginho">
Niginho

Leonídio Fantoni, best known as Niginho or Fantoni III (born in Belo Horizonte, February 12, 1912 – died September 5, 1975) was a professional association football forward player.
His Italian-origins family was a supporter of Cruzeiro, than known as "Palestra Itália". Fantoni started his career in that club, playing with his brother João Fantoni (Ninão) and their cousin Otávio Fantoni (Nininho). In 1931, they were sold to Lazio, where they would be known by their surnames, like a dynasty: Ninão was Fantoni I, Nininho was Fantoni II and him, Fantoni III. They played with another Italian-Brazilian player, Anfilogino Guarisi, in a Lazio squad known as "Brasilazio". Before moving to Italy, Niginho conquested the Minas Gerais State Championship in 1928, 1929 and 1930.
In 1935, having dual citizenship, he was called by the Italian Army to fight in the invasion of Abissinia. He had married just one month before, and decided to go back to Brazil. Lazio authorized it and paid the ship ticket. That year was particularly difficult to him: his cousin Fantoni II died of generalized infection from a broken nose.
Without formal authorization of Lazio, Niginho transferred to Palmeiras, than also known as Palestra Itália. Playing there from March to May, he scored six goals in six games and conquered the São Paulo State Championship. After that, he played in Vasco da Gama in 1937. In that club, he received his first call to Brazil national football team. He was called to 1938 FIFA World Cup as a Leônidas da Silva stand-by player. Unfortunately, the Italians warned FIFA that Niginho was in irregular situation, needing an authorization of Lazio to play, and that he was a deserter of Italian Army.
Leônidas injured himself in the game against Czechoslovakia and had to play again in the play-off against the Czechs, because Niginho couldn't substitute him. His injury got worse and he hadn't conditions to play against Italy in the semifinals.
In 1939, Niginho came back to Palestra Itália, who had to change its name to Cruzeiro in 1942. He conquered another "tricampeonato", the Minas Gerais State Championship in 1943, 1944 and 1945. He played in there along another brother, Orlando Fantoni. Orlando would also play in Lazio, becoming known as Fantoni IV.
Niginho stopped to play in 1946, but would be linked with Cruzeiro until his death. As a coach, he conquered the "tricampeonato" in 1959, 1960 and 1961. In the 60s, his nephews Benito Fantoni and Fernando Fantoni played in the club. Fernando would also play in Lazio, as Fantoni V.
Niginho died by a heart attack in 1975, when he was visiting Cruzeiro. He was one of the top goalscorers in the club's history, scoring 207 goals in 272 appearances, and the biggest idol in the pre-Mineirão years.

</doc>
<doc id="5905228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905228" title="The Immortals (rugby league)">
The Immortals (rugby league)

The Immortals of rugby league in Australia are eight players named by the sport's major Australian magazine "Rugby League Week" as the nation's greatest ever. 
Established in 1981, the original group consisted of former Test captains Clive Churchill, Bob Fulton, Reg Gasnier, and Johnny Raper. Although "Rugby League" Week has never held any official affiliation with any of the governing bodies of rugby league in Australia, the release was met with much public respect and admiration for the players listed. To coincide with this announcement, Hunter Valley vineyard Elliots Wines released, in conjunction with "Rugby League Week", four bottles of 1977 vintage port as a boxed set. Each player was represented on the label of each of the bottles. Returning eighteen years later, "Rugby League Week" announced in 1999 its intention to select a fifth member of The Immortals. However, the panel of experts chosen to pick the next Immortal was unable to decide on a sole player; it was then announced that the next additions to The Immortals would be both Graeme Langlands and Wally Lewis. 2003 saw yet another addition to the list of Immortals, with Arthur Beetson becoming the seventh member.[http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/09/22/1064082936585.html?from=storyrhs]
Former Newcastle Knights halfback Andrew Johns was inducted as the eighth Immortal at the Men of League Gala Dinner the week of the 2012 NRL Grand Final. The judges who deliberated over candidates were: Wayne Bennett (seven-time premiership winning coach, former Queensland Origin coach), Ray Warren (Channel Nine network television senior commentator), John Grant (Chairman ARL Commission), David Middleton (leading rugby league historian), Ray Hadley (radio and Channel Nine network television commentator), Phil Rothfield (News Limited), Roy Masters (journalist, Fairfax Media), Geoff Prenter (RLW Founding Editor 1970-81), Ian Heads (RLW Editor 1981-87), Norman Tasker (RLW Editor 1988-2000), Tony Durkin (RLW Editor 2001-02), Martin Lenehan (RLW Editor 2003-11) and Mitchell Dale (current RLW Editor). The current living Immortals also got a vote.
Although the tag of Immortal continues to be a highly respected one for any player to obtain, it has been criticised for thus far only being awarded to post-war players. However, it was agreed upon by the first judges in 1981 (Frank Hyde, Harry Bath and Tom Goodman), that they could only judge on players they had seen in action. Furthermore, to overcome entrenched criticism over Johns' admitted use of recreational drugs during his playing career, the rules were altered so the candidates can only be judged on their playing ability alone, and nothing else. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905233" title="Josef Richard Vilímek (1860 – 1938)">
Josef Richard Vilímek (1860 – 1938)

Josef Richard Vilímek (14 September 1860 – 6 November 1938) was a Czech publisher. He was owner of the famous publishing house "J. R. Vilímek".
Life.
J. R. Vilimek was born in Prague. His father, Josef Richard Vilímek (1835 – 1911), was the head of a family-owned publishing house "Josef Richard Vilimek". Vilímek junior learned the business in his father's firm, as well as periods abroad. In 1885 he took over the firm, and expanded its production to became one of the most famous Czech publishers of the time (together with Jan Otto and František Topič). Among its most popular titles were novels by Jules Verne (52 books in several editions), Karl May and Arthur Conan Doyle. In 1891 he became the first publisher in Czech lands using rotary printing press. In 1899 a fire destroyed the company's building, but the company survived. In the late 1920s the building and technology were modernized.
From the latter 1920s painter Zdeněk Burian illustrated many Vilímek books. Vilimek died in Prague in 1938, after which Bedřich Fučík managed the company. He continued running the company during World War II.
After the Communist takeover in 1948 the company was nationalised, and in 1949 it ceased operation. The building and technology were handed over to a large state publisher "Knižní velkoobchod". After the Communist Party fell from power (1989) the now forgotten name "J. R. Vilímek " was picked up and misused during a privatisation scandal (known for participation of a Czech politician Miroslav Macek).
External links.
All texts are in Czech language.

</doc>
<doc id="5905242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905242" title="Circlip">
Circlip

A circlip (a portmanteau of 'circle' and 'clip'), also known as a C-Clip,Seeger, snap ring or Jesus clip, is a type of fastener or retaining ring consisting of a semi-flexible metal ring with open ends which can be snapped into place, into a machined groove on a dowel pin or other part to permit rotation but to prevent lateral movement. There are two basic types: internal and external, referring to whether they are fitted into a bore or over a shaft. Circlips are often used to secure pinned connections.
Details.
When used to retain piston wrist pins (US) / gudgeon pins (UK), the clips are known as "wrist pin clips" or "wrist pin retainers" (US) or "gudgeon pin clips" (UK). The most commonly used circlip for this application is a simple spring steel circlip (snap ring US), or plain wire ring. 
Common examples include "E-clips" (e-ring) and the (both internal and external) snap ring (US) or circlip (UK). This general type of fasteners are sized to provide an interference fit onto (or into, in the case of an internal fastener) a groove or land when in use, such that they must be elastically deformed in order to install or remove them.
Installation and lubrication.
Since circlips are stamped out of sheetmetal there is a smooth side and a rough side. To prevent potential damage, circlips are installed with the smooth side facing the part and the rough side facing out. Wet or dry lubrication is required for the circlip to maintain its function.
Circlips are designed to be removed with special circlip pliers (snap ring tool US) which can be reassembled for internal or external clips, but in field expedient situations, a pair of needle-nose pliers (for internal clips) or leverage with a flat-headed screwdriver (internal or external) are sometimes used.

</doc>
<doc id="5905258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905258" title="Sycee">
Sycee

A sycee was a type of silver or gold ingot currency used in China until the 20th century. The name derives from the Cantonese words meaning "fine silk" (Presumably, ). In North China, the word yuanbao (), 
was used for similar ingots. This word is attested in the 19th-century English-language literature on Xinjiang and the trade between Xinjiang and British India as "yamboo"
or "yambu".
Sycees were not denominated or made by a central mint and their value, like the value of the various silver coins and little pieces of silver in circulation at the end of the Qing dynasty, was determined by experienced moneyhandlers known as "shroffs," who estimated the appropriate discount based on the purity of the silver and evaluated the weight in taels and the progressive decimal subdivisions of the tael (mace, candareen and cash). When currency was normalized in Republican times, the old usage of denominating value by equivalent standard weight of silver survived in Cantonese slang in the common term for a ten-cent and a five-cent piece (chat fen yi i.e. seven candareens two cash and saam fen luk i.e. three candareens and six cash). Sycee were made by individual silversmiths for local exchange; consequently, the shape and amount of extra detail on each ingot were highly variable. Square and oval shapes were common, but "boat", flower, tortoise and others are known. Sycee can also refer to gold ingots minted in similar shapes.
History.
Sycees were first used as a medium for exchange as early as the Qin Dynasty. During the Tang Dynasty, a standard bi-metallic system of silver and copper coinage was codified with 10 silver coins equal to 1,000 copper cash coins. Paper money and bonds were introduced in the 9th century. However, due to monetary problems such as enormous local variations in monetary supply and exchange rates, rapid changes in the relative value of silver and copper, coin fraud, inflation, and political uncertainty with changing regimes, until the time of the Republic payment by weight of silver was the standard practice and merchants carried their own scales with them. Most of the so-called "opium scales" seen in museums were actually for weighing payments in silver. The tael was still the basis of the silver currency and sycees remained in use until the end of the Qing Dynasty. Common weights were 50 taels, 10 taels, and 5 down to 1 tael.
When foreign silver coins began to circulate in China in the later 16th century, they were initially thought of as a type of "quasi-sycee" and imprinted with seals just as sycees were.
Contemporary uses.
Today, imitation gold sycees are used a symbol of prosperity by Chinese and are frequently displayed at Chinese New Year. Reproduction or commemorative gold sycees continue to be minted as collectibles.
Another form of imitation yuanbao - made by folding gold- or silver-colored paper - can be burned at ancestors' graves during the Ghost Festival, along with imitation paper money.

</doc>
<doc id="5905280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905280" title="Mícheál Ó Domhnaill">
Mícheál Ó Domhnaill

Mícheál Ó Domhnaill (; 7 October 1951 – 7 July 2006) was an Irish singer, guitarist, and composer, who was a major influence on Irish traditional music in the second half of the twentieth century. He became famous for his work with Skara Brae, The Bothy Band, Relativity, Nightnoise, and a successful collaboration with fiddler Kevin Burke.
Early years.
Mícheál Seosamh Ó Domhnaill was born 7 October 1951 in Dublin, Ireland and grew up in Kells, County Meath. His father, Aodh, was a teacher, a singer, and a collector of traditional music for the Irish Folklore Commission. His mother, Bríd, was a choral singer. Mícheál's father was raised in the Donegal Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking) area of Rann na Feirste, where the Irish language is the main spoken language. Mícheál, his two sisters, Maighréad and Tríona, and two brothers, Éamon and Conall, inherited a deep love and understanding of Irish culture from their parents. The family spent their summers in Rann na Feirste learning the Irish language and Irish traditional music. During these summers in Donegal, Mícheál and his siblings spent time with their aunt Neilí, a renowned singer who had a vast repertoire of Irish and English songs. They also formed lifelong friendships with Pól and Ciarán Brennan (future members of Clannad) and Dáithí Sproule (future member of Skara Brae and Altan).
Mícheál’s musical literacy was encouraged throughout his early years. At the age of six, Mícheál started taking piano lessons from the Kells nuns, which left a lasting influence on him. He also sang in a choir founded by his father. At the age of twelve, Mícheál suffered an appendicitis. To ease the boredom of his recuperation, a religious brother who taught at Mícheál’s school gave him a guitar. By the age of sixteen, Mícheál began devoting his musical energies to the guitar.
Skara Brae.
In the late 1960s, Mícheál and his sister Tríona began attending University College Dublin, where they again with met singer-guitarist Dáithi Sproule (future member of Altan) from Derry. They began performing together around Dublin, producing "beautiful, adventurous" arrangements of Irish Gaelic songs. In the summer of 1970, Mícheál and Dáithi performed as the house band at Teach Hiudaí Beag in Gaoth Dobhair (Gweedore), Donegal. Later that year, Mícheál, Tríona, Maighread, and Dáithi formed the group Skara Brae, a name suggested by Mícheál in reference to Skara Brae, an archaeological site in the Orkney Islands in Scotland consisting of a bleak stone village built in the second millennium BC.
In 1971, Skara Brae released a self-titled album of "beautifully performed Gaelic songs" on Gael-Linn Records. It was notable as the first recording to include vocal harmonization in Irish language songs. In 2004, Ó Domhnaill described the influences on the group in an interview with the RTÉ radio program "Rattlebag":
Skara Brae's version of "Tá mé 'mo shuí" shows the unique influence of Rann na Feirste. The song is performed differently in other parishes of the same area. The four voices are skillfully supported by Triona's harpsichord, and the unique guitar work of Mícheál and Dáithi. Mícheál in fact was one of the first guitar players, along with Dáithí, in Irish traditional music to employ DADGAD tuning. His guitar style had a dramatic impact on guitarists who followed in the genre. Both Mícheál and Dáithí were influenced in their early years by John Renbourn and Bert Jansch.
In 1974, when he was just twenty two years old, Mícheál became the first presenter of the RTÉ radio program "The Long Note", which featured Irish traditional musicians, many of whom had never previously been recorded. In 1973, while Mícheál and Tríona were still students at University College Dublin, Mícheál formed a musical partnership with Mick Hanly. They recorded one album, "Celtic Folkweave", which was released by Polydor Records in 1974.
The Bothy Band.
In late 1974, Ó Domhnaill co-founded the very popular group The Bothy Band, along with Matt Molloy (flute and tin whistle), Paddy Keenan (uilleann pipes and tin whistle), Dónal Lunny (bouzouki, guitar, and production), and his sister Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill (harpsichord, clavinet and vocals). Paddy Glackin was later replaced by Tommy Peoples, who was then replaced by Kevin Burke in May 1976. In the five years the Bothy Band were together, they emerged as one of the most exciting groups in the history of Irish traditional music. Much of their repertoire was rooted in the traditional music of Ireland, and their enthusiasm and musical virtuosity set a standard for future Irish traditional performers.
On 2 February 1975, the Bothy Band made its debut at Trinity College, Dublin. Despite their great legacy, the Bothy Band only recorded three studio albums during their brief career: "The Bothy Band" (1975), "Old Hag You Have Killed Me" (1976), and "Out of the Wind – Into the Sun" (1977). A live album "After Hours" was released in 1979. Their first album quickly established them as an important new band. Their second album, "Old Hag You Have Killed Me", expanded their following considerably. In 1977, they released their final studio album, effectively establishing their reputation and legacy within the Irish traditional music community.
In 1979, the group disbanded, but the former members went on to play influential roles in the development of Irish traditional music. Lunny returned for a while to Planxty and then helped to form the Celtic rock band Moving Hearts. He continued his work as a producer, working with artists like Andy M. Stewart. Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill moved to the United States and formed the short-lived band Touchstone. She later joined her brother to form both Relativity and Nightnoise.
Nightnoise.
In 1983, after seven years with the Bothy Band and several years collaborating with the master fiddler Kevin Burke, Ó Domhnaill began searching for a new project and a new sound. He met Billy Oskay in Portland, Oregon and the two began a new collaboration focused on a new and innovative music that integrated traditional Irish, jazz, and classical chamber music. This collaboration between the American violinist and Irish guitarist created a unique blend of musical forms. Together, they composed and recorded songs in Oskay's Portland home and were pleased with the result – a unique understated sound that had a "rough but fresh quality that engendered a serene atmosphere."
In late 1983, Ó Domhnaill's music career was altered when William Ackerman at Windham Hill Records heard one of the tracks recorded at Oskay's home. 
Ackerman soon offered Ó Domhnaill and Oskay a contract with Windham Hill Records. The tracks they recorded at Oskay's home were mixed and released in 1984 on their album "Nightnoise". The album represented a real departure from Ó Domhnaill's Bothy Band roots, and the mellow, ambient instrumental style incorporating jazz and classical elements and forms full of spirituality almost defined what would be called New Age music.
In 1985, Mícheál and his sister Tríona (vocals, clavinet) joined the two Scottish brothers Phil Cunningham (accordion, keyboard, whistle, bodhran) and Johnny Cunningham (fiddle) to form the group Relativity. Together they released two critically successful albums: the self-titled "Relativity" (1985) and "Gathering Pace" (1987).
In 1987, Tríona and Irish-American flutist Brian Dunning joined Ó Domhnaill and Oskay to form the band Nightnoise. The quartet's first album "Something of Time" was released by Windham Hill Records in 1987. It was followed by "At the End of the Evening" (1988) and "The Parting Tide" (1990). These albums received significant commercial and critical acclaim, and helped the group develop an impressive reputation touring the United States, Japan, and Europe. Their music effectively combined "original acoustic chamber music with an Irish feel mixing jazz, classical, folk and new age idioms." Their original music made full use of the Ó Domhnaill's folk background, the folk/jazz combinations of Skara Brae, Brian Dunning's jazz background, and Bill Oskay's classical influences.
Nightnoise gave Mícheál the opportunity to expand his musical vocabulary as well as his audience, while retaining the spirit of Irish traditional music that was so much a part of him. In an interview with Echoes, Ó Domhnaill spoke of the prevailing influence of his Irish heritage in the new music he was creating:
Following Billy Oskay's departure from Nightnoise in 1990, Scottish fiddler Johnny Cunningham, a former member of Silly Wizard who had played with Triona and Mícheál in the band Relativity, took over Oskay's duties. The band took on a much more Irish-centric sound, while still retaining their own signature style. The revamped Nightnoise went on to release the albums "Shadow of Time" (1994), "A Different Shore" (1995), and "The White Horse Sessions" (1997), an album featuring live concert performances mixed in with in-studio live performances, with their Windham Hill colleagues as their audience.
"The White Horse Sessions" proved to be the last Nightnoise album. Cunningham left the band following its release, and was replaced by Irish fiddler John Fitzpatrick. In a 1999 interview, Ó Domhnaill stated that Nightnoise had not broken up, and that the band would be getting together again shortly. The band did indeed record new material (both original compositions and covers of classic songs), but they were all made for albums other than their own. Nightnoise officially disbanded towards the end of 1997.
Later years.
In 1997, Mícheál returned to Ireland, settling in Dundrum, Dublin. In 2001, he teamed up with his close friend Paddy Glackin, the original Bothy Band fiddle player, and together they toured and recorded the album "Athchuairt". Glackin later praised Ó Domhnaill for his role in popularising Irish language songs for a wider audience. "He took a lot of old songs," Glackin observed, "and re-fashioned them and made them accessible to a new generation."
On 7 July 2006, Mícheál Ó Domhnaill died from a fall at his home. He was 54 years old. On 11 July, a wake was held at his sister Maighread's home. On 12 July, a requiem Mass was said for Mícheál at the Church of the Holy Cross in Dundrum. The funeral was attended by numerous musicians from across Ireland, including the remaining members of The Bothy Band, piper Liam O'Flynn, accordion player Tony MacMahon, and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh. Mícheál Ó Domhnaill was buried in St. Colmcille's Cemetery in Kells, County Meath.
On 24 May 2007, a remarkable gathering of Irish traditional musicians and singers, including Paddy Keenan, Donal Lunny, Kevin Burke, Mary Black, Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill, and Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill, came together at Vicar Street in Dublin to celebrate the life and music of Mícheál Ó Domhnaill.
Discography.
With Skara Brae
With Mick Hanly
With The Bothy Band
With Kevin Burke
With Billy Oskay
With Relativity
With Nightnoise
With Paddy Glackin
With other artists
Compilation albums

</doc>
<doc id="5905290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905290" title="William Dawes (disambiguation)">
William Dawes (disambiguation)

William Dawes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905293" title="Frederic Barker">
Frederic Barker

Frederic Barker (17 March 1808 – 6 April 1882) was the second Anglican bishop of Sydney.
Early life.
Barker was born at Baslow, Derbyshire, England, fifth son of the Rev. John Barker and his wife Jane, née Whyte. He was educated at The King's School, Grantham and Jesus College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1831, M. A. 1839. While at Cambridge he was influenced by Charles Simeon. He was made deacon on 10 April 1831 by the Bishop of Rochester; he was ordained a priest on 15 April 1832, and placed in charge of the perpetual curacy of Upton, Cheshire. Subsequently he was at St Mary's, Edge Hill, an important church in Liverpool, for 19 years. In April 1854 he became vicar of Baslow, and soon afterwards was appointed Bishop of Sydney and was consecrated on 30 November 1854.
Career in Australia.
Barker arrived at Sydney on 25 May 1855, and was installed on 31 May 1855 at the temporary cathedral. Amongst his early tasks were the completion of the arrangements for the building of Moore College for theological students, and the quickening of interest in the completion of St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney. He then began a series of visitations in his diocese, then covering an immense area. He soon realized it must be subdivided, and two new dioceses were established--Goulburn in 1863, and Bathurst in 1869. As metropolitan of Australia he was also concerned with the establishment of dioceses at Perth (1856), Brisbane (1859), Grafton and Armidale (1866), Ballarat (1875), and North Queensland (1878).
In 1863 Barker visited England where he succeeded in raising a considerable sum of money for the prosecution of the work of his church, and gave many addresses on Australia in different parts of England. The first synod of the diocese of Sydney met in December 1866, and dealt with many issues such as the relations of the Church in Australia with the Church in England, and the framing of a constitution for the cathedral. In 1868 the re-opening of The King's School, Parramatta, was successfully arranged, with the Reverend G. F. Macarthur as headmaster. In October 1872 the formation of the general synod of the dioceses of Australia including Tasmania was accomplished. Barker visited England again in 1871 and 1877 and was able to bring the needs of the new dioceses before the Society for Propagating the Gospel and other societies. In 1878 steps were taken to provide more adequate religious instruction to children attending state primary schools, and a church buildings loan fund for the diocese of Sydney was established early in 1880.
Late life and legacy.
In December 1880 Barker had a stroke of paralysis, and in March 1881 he went to Europe in the hope of recovering his health. There was an improvement for some months, but in March 1882 he had a second attack and died at San Remo on 6 April 1882. He married firstly in 1840, Jane Sophia, daughter of John Harden, and secondly in 1878, Mary Jane, daughter of Edward Woods. He had no children.
Barker was 1.96 m (6' 5") tall, dignified and scholarly in appearance. He was deeply evangelical and his teaching was based simply on the Bible. During his episcopacy of 27 years the number of churches and the number of clergy more than doubled. He published "Thirty-six Psalms with Commentary and Prayer" (1851), and "A Charge Delivered to the Clergy of the Diocese of Sydney" (1859). He was also a contributor to "The Supposed Sacrament of Penance", "A Course of Sermons" (1838); and "On the Rise of the Errors of the Church of Rome, A Course of Sermons" (1840).
Due to his height and his abstinence from alcohol, the term 'Bishop Barker' was jocularly applied to the tallest beer glass available in late-19th-century Sydney hotels.
The Sydney North Shore private boys' school, Barker College (Founded 1890), was named in honour of Barker by founder Rev. Henry Plume.

</doc>
<doc id="5905294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905294" title="Great Falls and Old Dominion Railroad">
Great Falls and Old Dominion Railroad

The Great Falls and Old Dominion Railroad (GF&OD) was an interurban trolley line that ran in Northern Virginia during the early 20th century.
History.
Chartered in 1900 by a group of local landowners and acquired in 1902 by John Roll McLean (owner of "The Washington Post") and Senator Stephen Benton Elkins, the 15-mile electrified railroad began operating in 1906. The first scheduled car reached Great Falls Park in Fairfax County on July 3 of that year. 
From Georgetown, the railroad crossed the Potomac River on a superstructure built on the upstream side of the old Aqueduct Bridge to Rosslyn in Arlington, where it made connections with an older electric trolley line, the Washington, Arlington & Falls Church Railroad. From Rosslyn, the railroad traveled northwest along the north side of Lee Highway (now part of U.S. Route 29) to Cherrydale and then on its own right-of-way (now Old Dominion Drive, State Route 309) in Arlington and Fairfax Counties through forests, farmland and fruit orchards, bypassing the existing villages of Lewinsville and Langley. At Great Falls, GF&OD constructed an amusement park, which became a popular destination.
The owners gave their own names to two stations located at the railroad's crossings of major roads: McLean Station at Chain Bridge Road and Elkins Station at Old Georgetown Pike (State Route 193). The station at Chain Bridge Road became a focus for development that evolved into the community of McLean, Virginia.
In 1911, McLean and Elkins incorporated the Washington & Old Dominion Railway (W&OD). In 1912, the Georgetown-Great Falls line became the Great Falls Division of the W&OD, sharing trackage with the W&OD's Bluemont Division between Rosslyn and Thrifton Junction. In 1935, Fairfax and Arlington counties obtained the right-of-way west of Thrifton Junction in settlement of delinquent taxes. Most of the right-of-way was converted into Old Dominion Drive. 
Interstate 66, Custis Trail, and Lee Highway were built on the former GF&OD roadbed between Rosslyn and Thrifton Junction.
Stations.
The stations on the GF&OD and on the Great Falls Division of the W&OD (with locations of sites in 2008) were:

</doc>
<doc id="5905306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905306" title="McKay Creek Hydroelectric Power Station">
McKay Creek Hydroelectric Power Station

McKay Creek Power Station is one of four hydroelectric power stations in the Kiewa Hydroelectric Scheme, Victoria, Australia. McKay Creek has six 25 MW generators driven by Pelton wheel turbines, with a total generating capacity of 150MW.
The power station is located on the slopes of Mount McKay at ground level.
the water is transported from the Rocky Valley Dam through a near vertical pipe.

</doc>
<doc id="5905328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905328" title="Optical film">
Optical film

Optical films are several kinds of industrial and chemical thin film optics. They are mainly used for liquid crystal display panels.

</doc>
<doc id="5905342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905342" title="Silvio Fauner">
Silvio Fauner

Silvio Fauner (born November 1, 1968 in San Pietro di Cadore, Province of Belluno) is an Italian former cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 2006. His best known victory was part of the 4 × 10 km relay team that upset Norway at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer. He also won four other medals at the Winter Olympics with silvers in the 4 × 10 km relay (1992, 1998) and bronzes in the 15 km (1994) and 30 km (1998).
Biography.
Fauner also won six medals at the Nordic skiing World Championships, including 1 gold (50 km: 1995), 2 silvers (10 km + 15 km combined pursuit: 1995, 4 × 10 km: 1993), and 3 bronzes (4 × 10 km: 1995, 1997, 1999).
At the Opening Ceremony for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin on February 10, he and his 4 × 10 km relay teammates (Maurilio De Zolt, Marco Albarello, and Giorgio Vanzetta) who won the gold at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, were among the last carriers of the Olympic torch before it was lit by fellow Italian cross country skier Stefania Belmondo.
In May 2007, Fauner was named the head coach of the Italian national cross-country ski team, replacing his former ski-teammate Marco Albarello.
Doping Allegations.
Swedish documentary called Uppdrag Granskning claimed that Fauner had an exceptionally high hemoglobin level prior to a World Cup in Lahti in 1997. According to sources quoted in the documentary, Fauner had tested 19.2 g/dL. The test result was confirmed and signed by FIS official Bengt-Erik Bengtsson. Currently the allowed limit to compete in official FIS competition is 17.0 g/dL. According to Bengt Saltin, former chairman of FIS medical committee, such an hemoglobin value is not possible to achieve without banned substances or blood doping.

</doc>
<doc id="5905349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905349" title="Symmes">
Symmes

Symmes can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905354" title="Gottschall">
Gottschall

Gottschall (German for "God's echo") is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5905356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905356" title="NKR (NDB)">
NKR (NDB)

NKR is the callsign of an NDB with a range of 50 NM at Leimen-Ochsenbach, Germany, situated at 49°12' 12" N and 8°44'E.
NKR, which transmits on the frequency 292 kHz, uses as antenna a 20 metre tall free-standing lattice tower with a weight of 1200 kilogramms, which is insulated against ground. The tower which was built at the 1970s is equipped for its electrical lengthing with a horizontal cross on its top.
The output power of the transmitter is 100 watts, but, because its gain is only -10 dB, its ERP is just 10 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="5905394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905394" title="Psy 4 de la Rime">
Psy 4 de la Rime

Psy 4 de la Rime are a French hip hop group formed 1992 in Marseille comprising several rappers with immigrant backgrounds from former French colonies. Their original name was KDB, Kid Dog Black. The band was signed to 361 Records, a Marseille-based independent label founded by fellow rapper Akhenaton.
After the solo pause.
After the split-up, some of the individual rappers in the band have continued their solo careers. 
The group is back in 2013 with their fourth album called "4eme Dimension"

</doc>
<doc id="5905404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905404" title="John Douglas">
John Douglas

John Douglas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905416" title="Frederick Smith, 3rd Earl of Birkenhead">
Frederick Smith, 3rd Earl of Birkenhead

Frederick William Robin Smith, 3rd Earl of Birkenhead (17 April 1936 – 16 February 1985). Smith, the grandson of a British Lord Chancellor, succeeded to the Earldom upon his father's death in 1975. 
Writing under his pen name of Robin Furneaux (Viscount Furneaux was his courtesy title prior to his father's death), Lord Birkenhead won the Heinemann Award in 1975 for "William Wilberforce" (ISBN 9781573833431), his biography of the antislavery campaigner. He also was known for his 1970 book "," based on an expedition he made along the Amazon River in 1968. 
He died of a heart attack whilst playing real tennis at the Leamington Spa Tennis and Squash Club.
The title became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="5905476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905476" title="The Oh in Ohio">
The Oh in Ohio

The Oh in Ohio is a 2006 comedy film directed by 
Billy Kent. It was screened at several US film festivals from March to May 2006 and was released theatrically by Cyan Pictures on July 14, 2006. Set in Cleveland, much of the film was shot on location at well-known Cleveland landmarks such as Coventry Village and Case Western Reserve University.
Plot.
Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla (Parker Posey) an orgasm, Jack (Paul Rudd) moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen (Mischa Barton), his student. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne (Danny DeVito), a businessman more than twice her age.
Reception.
The film was a commercial failure, earning back less than 10% of its $5 million budget at the box office. The film-critics aggregator Rotten Tomatoes listed 22% positive reviews, based on 69 reviews. Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" wrote, "Despite its seemingly sure-fire premise and cast of veteran comedians, this movie just lies there without a single laugh." Dan Callahan of Slant gave the film 0 stars out of 4, calling it an "implausible, weirdly depressed comedy" adding "there isn't one laugh in it". "Entertainment Weekly" was more favorable, giving the film a 'B-', with Owen Gleiberman describing it as "a silly, amusing trifle".

</doc>
<doc id="5905478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905478" title="Wikimania 2006">
Wikimania 2006

Wikimania 2006 was the second Wikimania conference and was held at Harvard Law School's Berkman Center for Internet & Society in Cambridge, Massachusetts in the United States from August 6 to 8, 2006. It had about 400–500 attendees.
Speakers included Jimmy Wales, Lawrence Lessig, Brewster Kahle, Yochai Benkler, Mitch Kapor, Ward Cunningham, and David Weinberger. Dan Gillmor held a citizen journalism unconference the day after.
Wales' plenary speech was covered by the Associated Press, and printed in numerous worldwide newspapers. He chronicled how the Foundation evolved from him "sitting in his pajamas" to the maturing corporate structure that it is now; the frequent push for quality over quantity; Wikipedia will be included on computers distributed through One Laptop per Child; both Wikiversity and the creation of an advisory board were approved by the Foundation board; and that Wiki-WYG is in development thanks to private investment by Wikia, Inc. and Socialtext.
Answers.com was the Wikimania 2006 Patron sponsor, while Amazon.com, the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School, Nokia, WikiHow were Benefactors-level sponsors, Wetpaint, Ask.com, Yahoo!, and Socialtext were Friends-level sponsors, and IBM, FAQ Farm, Elevation Partners, One Laptop per Child, and the Sunlight Foundation were Supporter-level sponsors of the conference.
Three other teams submitted hosting bids, for the cities of London, Milan, Boston, and Toronto; only Toronto and Boston were passed to the second round of consideration by Wikimania organizers. In Toronto's case the event would have been hosted in the University of Toronto's Bahen Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="5905485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905485" title="Sébastien Hinault">
Sébastien Hinault

Sébastien Hinault (born 11 February 1974 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French road racing cyclist. He debuted in 1997 with the French team , which later became Crédit Agricole, and has competed in the Tour de France five times. After Crédit Agricole disbanded in 2008, Hinault joined . Hinault left at the end of the 2012 season, and joined the new team for the 2013 season.
He is not related to former cyclist Bernard Hinault.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="5905492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905492" title="Furnos Maior and Furnos Minor">
Furnos Maior and Furnos Minor

Furnos was the name of two towns in the Roman province of Proconsular Africa (part of present-day Tunisia). They are referred to as Furnos Maior and Furnos Minor.
Each became a bishopric. The towns and the bishoprics disappeared after the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb, but the bishoprics have been revived as titular sees.
There are records of early bishops of one or other of the two sees. Third-century Geminius died shortly before Saint Cyprian; a Donatist Florentinus attended a conference in 411; and a Simeon was at the 525 Council of Carthage. Simeon belonged to Furnos Maior, but it is uncertain of which town the other two were bishops.
The ruins of Furnos Minor are at Henchir-El-Msaadine, near Tebourba. Furnos Maior may have been at what is now Aïn-Fournou or Aïn-Fourna, more distant from Carthage.
Victor of Vita recounts that in the persecution by the Vandals of Genseric in 430 or 431 Bishop Mansuetus of Urusi was martyred by being burned alive at the gate of Urusi known as the Porta Fornitana, the Furnos Gate.

</doc>
<doc id="5905505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905505" title="German submarine U-254">
German submarine U-254


</doc>
<doc id="5905511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905511" title="Black, Hawthorn &amp; Co">
Black, Hawthorn &amp; Co

Black, Hawthorn and Company was a steam locomotive manufacturer with a works situated in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, UK.
John Coulthard and Son.
The Quarry Field Works was opened in 1835 by John and Ralph Coulthard, known as John Coulthard and Son which became R. Coulthard and Company in 1853 when the partnership was dissolved. Their first loco was York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway number 156, a 2-4-0 to the Jenny Lind pattern. There followed more of the same and several 0-6-0 engines. Although the works numbers went up to 100, probably only twenty were new, since the company carried out a great deal of rebuilding work.
Black, Hawthorn & Co.
In 1865 Ralph Coulthard retired and the works was taken over by William Black and Thomas Hawthorn, who concentrated on industrial tank locomotives, both four and six coupled. The company supplied steam locomotives to collieries and works, particularly in North East England. They also built a number of crane engines. Some of the locomotives were very long-lived. A 0-4-0ST steam locomotive is preserved and is currently getting a refit at the Tanfield Railway.
Chapman and Furneaux.
By 1896 over a thousand engines had been built when the firm was taken over by Chapman and Furneaux, A further seventy were produced before closing in 1902, with drawings, patterns and goodwill being bought by R & W Hawthorn and Leslie of Newcastle.
Preservation.
Preserved Black, Hawthorn locomotives include:

</doc>
<doc id="5905517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905517" title="Floro">
Floro

Floro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905534" title="Rocks, Pebbles and Sand">
Rocks, Pebbles and Sand

Rocks, Pebbles and Sand is the 1980 album by jazz bass guitarist and multi-instrumentalist Stanley Clarke. Clarke sings on the album , but sticks to his usual forte which is jazz rock and jazz funk. This was the first recording where Stanley featured his tenor bass.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Stanley Clarke, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="5905535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905535" title="Feijó (Almada)">
Feijó (Almada)

Feijó is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 16,072 inhabitants and a total area of 4.20 km². It is partly in Almada.
Coat of arms.
Its coat of arms features a shining golden shield with its flower in the middle.
History.
The history dates back to the 16th century, at the time characterized an intense rural exploration. The incidations that indicated the antiquity of the locals probably the Arabic influences with an example Algazarra.
The beginning of the area was named Feijó between the area of Rua Pêro da Covilhã and opened in 1813.
In the 16th century, it existed a populated area and an illustrious properties with the Count of Monsanto, Manuel de Sousa Coutinho or the Count of Aveiras.
The enlargement of the areas began in the mid-20th century and brought population growth around Almada.
The parish was created under law No. 17-B/93 on June 11, 1993, which it required for the Almada Municipal Chamber, a group of the "Family Chiefs" manifested a needs on the existence of the population and represented an autarch, with its own inexistence as on a long distance and losing tome in the location of Cova da Piedade.
On April 25, 1974, it created its autonomy of the population and relations with Cova da Piedade.
In 1984, the parish of Laranjeiro was formed. It derived the area's economic and demographic growth. Lately in 40 years, the area was elevated to a parish on June 11, 1993. The first elections took place on December 12 and took office on January 6, 1994.
Economy.
Its main economy are manufacturing, commercial services and services. It refers with all the existing businesses in the parish and is considered pollution free, it serves as an example for other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5905549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905549" title="Laranjeiro">
Laranjeiro

Laranjeiro (Portuguese for "field of orange trees") is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 21,175 inhabitants, for a total area of 3.66 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5905560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905560" title="Pragal">
Pragal

Pragal is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 7,721 inhabitants and a total area of 2.21 km².It is one the six parishes in the city of Almada, along with Almada, Cacilhas, Cova da Piedade, Feijó and Laranjeiro.
Overlooking the Tagus river and the Bridge 25 of April, the famous statue of the Christ King National Monument is in Pragal, Almada, in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area.

</doc>
<doc id="5905571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905571" title="Julie Brown (disambiguation)">
Julie Brown (disambiguation)

Julie Brown is an American comedic actress.
Julie Brown may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905572" title="Trafaria">
Trafaria

Trafaria is a Portuguese town and a parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 5,946 inhabitants and a total area of 5.83 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5905578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905578" title="Crucible curse">
Crucible curse

The "Crucible curse" (also known as "The curse of the Crucible") refers to the fact that no first-time snooker world champion has retained his title the following year since the tournament moved to the Crucible Theatre, Sheffield in 1977. The last player to successfully defend his first world title was John Pulman in 1964, when the championship was still decided by challenge matches.
The curse.
The following first-time champions did not retain their title the following year. Of the fifteen players to have won their first championship at the Crucible Theatre, five lost in their first match as defending champion (Terry Griffiths in 1980, Steve Davis in 1982, Dennis Taylor in 1986 Graeme Dott in 2007, and Neil Robertson in 2011) and only two went on to reach the final: Joe Johnson in 1987 and Ken Doherty in 1998.
In the meantime, the title was won by players who had already been world champions, and thus the "curse" did not apply. Three players have won consecutive titles at the Crucible: Steve Davis (1983–1984 and 1987–1989), Stephen Hendry (1992–1996) and Ronnie O'Sullivan (2012–2013), but only after they experienced the "curse".
Pre-Crucible.
Even before the World Championship was staged at the Crucible, no player in the modern game successfully defended his first world title. Of all first-time world champions, only three retained their title at the next World Championship: Joe Davis in 1928, his brother Fred in 1949 and John Pulman at his first challenge match in 1964. Additionally, Ray Reardon, Alex Higgins and John Spencer won the World Championship before the event was moved to the Crucible in 1977, but they all failed to retain the title after winning it for the first time at the Crucible.

</doc>
<doc id="5905580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905580" title="Rollbock">
Rollbock

Rollbocks, sometimes called transporter trailers, are pre-coupled narrow gauge transporter trucks or bogies that allow a coupled train of standard gauge wagons to be automatically loaded or rolled onto so that the train can then continue through a change of gauge.
The system uses a narrow gauge rail running in a pit that is built in the middle of a standard gauge track. It allows the "Rollbock" bogies to go underneath the standard gauge tracks and as the "Rollbock" train is pulled out of the "Rollbock" siding each bogie picks up one axle of a standard gauge wagon as it rises out of the "Rollbock" pit. Thus two "Rollböcke" are needed for a twin-axle wagon. They were a development of the transporter wagon ("Rollwagen") designed to keep costs down by avoiding the need for a complete wagon.
History.
The original invention goes back to the "Rollwagen" of the Schweizer Maschinenfabrik Winterthur (Swiss Locomotive and Machine Works, Winterthur) or SLM patented in 1880. It is a simple system for light loads that found applications even when the superior "Langbein" system was invented in 1881 by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen (Esslingen Engineering Works) named after Paul Langbein being the director of the facilities in Saronno, Italy.
The "Langbein" System uses claw pairs to form a yoke around the axles of the standard gauge bogies. With the bogies pulled out of the pit the standard gauge wheels can sink to the "Rollbock" to find support. This method enables the "Rollbock" wagons to traverse curves as sharp as radius and, when fully loaded, they could be moved over narrow gauge tracks at a safe speed of .
In 1974 a renovation of the concept was developed for Yverdon–Ste-Croix railway in Switzerland. Unlike the Langbein System the Vevey System requires no manual intervention to fixate the standard gauge axles over the narrow gauge bogies. Many modern "Rollbock" applications have since converted to the Vevey System. The Vevey Technologies company was bought by Bombardier in 1998.
Usage.
They are used extensively in Switzerland and in Spain, in the latter country to transport standard gauge vehicles on broad gauge lines (although the difference is small enough to allow variable gauge axles in some applications).
They are also still in use at Nordhausen on the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways to transport limestone wagons from the narrow gauge to the DB system.
Until the 1990s the "Rollbock" sidings at Wernigerode were used every day to transport goods to and from the various metallurgical factories attached to the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways in the
immediate area. Similarly it was used extensively on the Saxon narrow gauge system west of Dresden to transport china clay to Meissen.
However, it means that the narrower gauge network must be built to a structure gauge large enough to accommodate the loading gauge of standard gauge wagons, negating one of the cost advantages of a narrower gauge construction. The system was tested for the narrow gauge railways in Saxony around 1900 but it found only rare application - tracks requiring higher transport capacity were rebuilt to standard gauge instead. However it is also possible to use the wagons of the narrow gauge loading gauge type built with standard gauge axles which allows them to run at full speed on standard gauge tracks piggybacking them on the short section in the mountains by "Rollbock" bogies. This application requires the receiver of the freight to be able to unload those wagons so they have found only limited use either.

</doc>
<doc id="5905587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905587" title="Sakaida Station">
Sakaida Station

Lines.
Sakaida Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 55.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Sakaida Station has one platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The platform was originally an island platform, but there are no longer any tracks on one side. The station is unattended.
History.
Sakaida Station opened on November 1, 1917. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905613" title="Swinford, Oxfordshire">
Swinford, Oxfordshire

Swinford in the English county of Oxfordshire is a small settlement in the civil parish of Cumnor. It lies on the road between Eynsham and Farmoor on the south bank of the River Thames near Swinford Toll Bridge. In 1974 it was transferred from Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5905615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905615" title="Moulton (North Yorkshire) railway station">
Moulton (North Yorkshire) railway station

Moulton railway station was a railway station in what is now the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England. It was situated near the village of North Cowton. 
Moulton was the Eryholme-Richmond branch line which was opened in 1846 by the York and Newcastle Railway Company. The line was closed in 1969.
Despite being only about a quarter of a mile from North Cowton the station was named after the village of Moulton some away. This was to avoid confusion with a now disused station on the East Coast Main Line named Cowton serving the nearby village of East Cowton.
Moulton station house still survives, it is now used as a residential property, but the platform clock can still be seen on the wall.
The Richmond bound platform now forms part of the boundary wall to station house. The Darlington-bound platform still stands intact, though it is heavily overgrown with trees, bushes and bramble thickets.
The track bed is now used as an access road for a nearby smallholding, it is not officially recognised as a public right-of-way, though it has been used as a scenic footpath by local people for over 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5905628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905628" title="Jaak Mae">
Jaak Mae

Jaak Mae (born February 25, 1972) is an Estonian cross-country skier who has competed since 1994. He won a bronze in the 15km event at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
Mae won a silver medal in the 15km event at the 2003 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Val di Fiemme. He also finished 5th at the 2006 Winter Olympics and 5th at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5905644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905644" title="Cyathea gigantea">
Cyathea gigantea

Cyathea gigantea is a species of tree fern native to northeastern to southern India, Sri Lanka, Nepal to Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, the Malay Peninsula, as well as central Sumatra and western Java. It grows in moist open areas at an altitude of 600-1000 m. The trunk of this species is erect and may be as tall as 5 m or more. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and usually 2-3 m long. The rachis is long, dark to black in colouration and rough in appearance after the fall of scales. These scales are dark brown, glossy and have a narrow paler margin and fragile edges. Sori are round and indusia absent.
Large and Braggins (2004) note that "C. gigantea" is very similar to "Cyathea glabra" and appears to form part of a complex that also includes "Cyathea podophylla" and "Cyathea subdubia". Further study is needed to determine the nature of the relationship between these taxa.
The specific epithet "gigantea" refers, at least in part, to the large fronds.

</doc>
<doc id="5905645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905645" title="Poul Andersen">
Poul Andersen

Poul Dalby Andersen (April 19, 1922 – May 29, 2006) was a printer who served in the Danish resistance movement during World War II and later published one of the remaining two Danish-language newspapers in the United States
Background.
Andersen was born in Ringkøbing, a small town in Ringkøbing-Skjern municipality on the west coast of Denmark. His grandfather was a co-founder of the town's daily newspaper. Andersen's father was a typesetter, and Andersen learned the printing trade in the newspaper's offices.
Andersen came to the United States in 1949 and worked on an uncle's farm in Ohio. A friend encouraged him to move to Santa Monica, California. In 1950 Andersen was hired by the Los Angeles Times as a printer.
Career.
Andersen was a conversationalist and a soccer fanatic, two traits that helped him as a member of the Danish resistance.
"My husband was a chatterbox, and he loved soccer, so he could bicycle down to a neighboring town to play soccer and the Germans would never think twice about it," Judy Andersen told the Los Angeles Times. "He would ask the guards, 'What are they doing in the field there?' and learn that Germans were building gun emplacements."
In 1975 Andersen bought "Bien", a San Francisco-based Danish-language newspaper. Andersen moved the newspaper to Burbank, California, to allow him to work on the paper after completing his shift at the Times. "Bien"'s circulation reached a high of 5,300 during Andersen's tenure as publisher.
Andersen continued to use a Linotype machine to set the type for each edition of "Bien" long after other newspapers had switched to computerized typesetting. In 1997 the California Newspaper Publishers Association said "Bien" was probably the last newspaper in California being printed with Linotype.
Andersen was knighted in 1982 by Queen Margrethe II of Denmark for his efforts in uniting the Danish American community. Andersen died in Los Angeles from complications of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5905652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905652" title="Doc Brown (rapper)">
Doc Brown (rapper)

Ben Bailey Smith, usually known as Doc Brown, is a British rapper, comedian, actor, screenwriter and voiceover artist. He currently plays in "".
Early and personal life.
Doc Brown was born Ben Harvey Smith, son of a Jamaican immigrant, Yvonne Bailey, and a South Londoner, Harvey Smith, 30 years his wife's senior. Raised in the Willesden area of North West London, Smith is the younger brother of novelist and essayist Zadie Smith. Smith attended Hampstead School along with his sister, but was often seen in his sister's shadow. Upon leaving school, Smith decided he would become a rapper and follow a musical career.
Music.
Early work.
Doc Brown began his musical career in 2000 as a battle rapper, competing in live events such as the now defunct "Mudlumz", an infamously tough gig based at the Dingwalls nightclub in Camden Lock where amongst others he battled before losing to fellow UK rapper Sway. Smith became a recurring battle champion at the fledgling competition “Jump Off” in 2003, when the now internation event was housed underneath Yo! Sushi on Poland Street in London’s Soho, moving to the Swiss Centre in Leicester Square. The following year, Smith’s growing reputation as a personality of the underground scene made him the host of a monthly event at his friend’s record shop Deal Real on Great Marlborough Court off Carnaby Street in the West End.
Deal Real Records.
The night was loosely named “Friday Night Live” and initially acted as a platform for aspiring young artists from the UK to perform at an open mic, hosted by Smith. In an interview from 2006, Smith stated he provided “light relief mixed with an authority necessary to marshal what was always a pretty raucous night.” The night was also notable for being the venue where Smith discovered a sixteen year old Lowkey, whom he promptly featured on his first breakout single “Donnie’s Lament”, and who went on to be one of the most respected political rappers in the UK and internationally.
The popularity of the monthly event soared and soon, Deal Real was attracting Hip Hop celebrities from the US, performing in the store to promote their own European tours. The first to perform were the Jungle Brothers. Others included Pete Rock and CL Smooth, Slick Rick, GZA, the Black Eyed Peas, Rhymefest, Pharoahe Monch, Canibus and Cee Lo, as well as a host of DJs including Mark Ronson.
It was in the shop that Smith met Ronson for the first time, caught in an impromptu rap battle with Chicago rapper Rhymefest, whom Smith admitted “beat him on his home turf”. However, Ronson recalled Smith’s ability to please a crowd with both good humour and a level of self-deprecation often unusual to the Rap genre, and invited him to join a live set up that would form the basis of Ronson’s second studio album Version.
The first gig Smith performed with Ronson was at the Fabric nightclub in the Barbican area of east central London. The line up consisted of Ronson on guitar, Daniel Merriweather, Amy Winehouse and Beverly Tawiah on vocals, former Jamiroquai bassist Stuart Zender and the Scottish brass section The Haggis Horns.
Smith continued to tour with the band until spring 2007, rapping on stage alongside Lily Allen on the Kaiser Chiefs cover “Oh My God”, providing the Ghostface Killah vocals for the song “Ooh Wee” and performing his own lyrics on the instrumental cover of Kasabian’s “LSF”.
Studio releases.
The first breakthrough record and Smith’s biggest hit to date was a track entitled “Donnie’s Lament”, better known as the “Mad World Remix” due to its extensive sampling of that year’s Christmas number one “Mad World, performed by Gary Jules, originally by Tears for Fears.
Smith’s version is notable for a number of reasons. Firstly, its sample led to legal issues with the label Sanctuary, who did not sanction the remix, despite Smith’s appeal to them. Smith was therefore unable to recoup any money whatsoever despite the popularity of his version. Secondly, the song had a level of mainstream airplay unusual for UK Rap at the time, being championed by Jo Wiley and Jonathon Ross among others. Some commentators have argued that the song helped raise awareness of the genre as a whole and earmarked a new wave of British rap artists. Thirdly, the song provided a cameo to a sixteen year old rapper named Lowkey, who today is cited as one of the most politically influential rappers in the UK, Europe and particularly the Middle East, where his tireless campaigning for Palestinian rights amongst others has been lauded by many.
On the back of the tracks small success, Smith released three full length offerings: Citizen Smith Volume One, The Document and Citizen Smith Volume Two. It was during his work with the producer Mark Ronson that he was inspired to create the album Another Way, which features no samples and mostly live studio music. Having moved into stand up, then television and film, the album is as yet unreleased and has built a cult status among fans, many of whom have dubbed Another Way ”the farewell album”.
In July 2011, a short film was released to accompany the song “Blighty”, a song from the unreleased album. The film features an interview with Smith at the end credits, in which he describes the film as an open project for young people to interpret his lyrics visually. The film was directed by photographer Kwame Lestrade and shot with the aid of various young people as part of a lottery funded youth project.
Comedy.
Late in 2007, a chance phonecall from former BBC Radio 1 host and comedy writer Danny Robins, for whom Smith had previously written some spoof music, led to Smith working as a script consultant on Robins’ BBC Radio 4 sitcom “Rudy’s Rare Records,” a vehicle for veteran UK comedian Lenny Henry. This eventually led to walk on roles and more editing and writing work on other Radio 4 comedy shows, including “Music Therapy” and “Look Away Now”.
Encouraged by producers at the BBC, Smith attended an BBC industry gig in January 2008 at a small venue in London’s Great Portland Street name The Albany, where he performed a comic song and told an anecdote regarding being the first rapper to work for Radio 4. By his own admissions in an interview from 2009, Smith claimed he “ran out of things to say” and called for the audience to offer words, names and places, with which he improvised a comic rap. According to Smith, the venue managers were impressed and invited him to perform a short set at a late night variety show named “Spank!”
Smith then entered a national talent competition for comedians called “So You Think You’re Funny?” and his third ever stand up gig was in the first round of the competition in spring 2008 at the Hobgoblin Pub in Forest Hill, South East London. Smith eventually made the last eight at the grand final in Edinburgh that August, an event in which by his own admission he “froze up,” delivering what he saw as a disappointing performance.
Regardless, the performance led to interest from bookers, and Smith began a new incarnation as a professional stand up comedian in October 2008. Since then, he has performed at the prestigious Tartan Ribbon event at the Edinburgh Festival, debuted his own one man show “Unfamous” which sold out its run at both the Pleasance Theatre, Edinburgh and London’s Soho Theatre. He also gave a one off performance of Unfamous at the Elgar rooms in the Royal Albert Hall in March 2011. In April 2011, Smith was invited to take the show to the Melbourne International Festival for one month.
Film and television.
As an actor, he has played roles in the acclaimed BBC series "Rev” and “Miranda”, as well as Channel 4’s ”The Inbetweeners”. Smith also provided voices for the characters Budge and Koggs on the cult CBBC series “Big Babies” for which he also sang the theme tune.
In film, he has played a role in Ben Miller’s “Huge” as well as a co-starring role in the thriller “Other Side of the Game”. Smith is also credited as a songwriter on the Joe Cornish-directed film Attack the Block. The character “Hi Hatz” is often seen and heard playing songs he has recorded. These were written and recorded by Smith and re-voiced by the actor Jumayn Hunter.
Smith created a 13 part teen comedy-drama for the BBC called “The Four O’Clock Club”, on which he is also the co writer, and co-musical director. Smith runs his own production company named Bust-A-Gut Ltd, which - whilst focussing on television and film - has also re-released the back catalogue of his music.
Most recently, he has delved deeper into dramatic acting, starring in the Frank Spotnitz television show “Hunted”, a thriller for Cinemax. Smith then went on to shoot an episode of Midsomer Murders and is currently the newco-star of ITV1′s Law & Order, which aired on spring 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5905654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905654" title="Jonancy, Kentucky">
Jonancy, Kentucky

Jonancy is a small unincorporated community and coal town in Pike County, Kentucky, United States, in the far eastern part of the state. The latitude and longitude are 37.316N and -82.583W. Jonancy is in the Eastern Coal Field region. The community is in the Eastern time zone.
According to James Blake Miller, the hamlet's best-known resident, Jonancy was ""named after my great-great-great grandparents: Joe and Nancy Miller ... were the first people in those parts.""

</doc>
<doc id="5905656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905656" title="Monaldeschi">
Monaldeschi

The Monaldeschi were one of the powerful noble families of Orvieto, central Italy, members of the Guelph party who contested with murders and violence the Ghibelline Filippeschi for control of the commune of Orvieto and the "castelli" of Umbria. 
One branch especially, the Monaldeschi della Cervara, dominated the life and politics of Orvieto, resisting Papal power from the thirteenth to the fifteenth century
The central stronghold in the network of "castelli" that the Monaldeschi controlled was Torre Alfina, where tradition connected the central tower with Desiderius, the last king of the Lombards. Aside from a brief period 1314-16 when the Filippeschi seized it, Torre Alfina was the symbolic center of Montaldeschi power.
According to the family's history, the Monaldeschi had descended from Monaldo, a ninth-century Lombard feudatory of Charlemagne, whose three brothers were the progenitors of Florentine and Sienese nobles, the Cavalcanti, the Calvi and the Malevolti. The Monaldeschi appear in Orvieto documents from 1157. Their conflict with the Filippeschi surfaced in 1212. At Castiglione the fortress of the Monaldeschi was built in the fourteenth century with the rubble of the Castle of Paterno destroyed by Gerardo di Corrado Monaldeschi. The Monaldeschi towerhouse that rises above the rooftops of Civitella d'Agliano, overtopping the "campanile" of the church, still evokes the feudal power of the Monaldeschi at the limits of Umbria, on the banks of the Tiber; they were dislodged from Agliano by the Papacy in 1415, following the distracting Western Schism that had served to protract the Monaldeschi's medieval power.
The most famous of the family was Ermanno di Corrado of the Cervara branch, who between 1334 and his death in 1337 was the absolute Signore of Orvieto, where he suppressed civic liberties but demonstrated diplomatic and organizational finesse. At his death, however, the family's internecine quarrels broke the civic peace; the Monaldeschi ruptured along four lines each identified by their "stemma" or heraldic charge, the Monaldeschi della Cervara, Monaldeschi del Cane, Monaldeschi della Vipera and the Monaldeschi dell’Aquila. Angelo Monaldeschi della Vipera built the Castello della Sala on a rocky promontory about 18km from Orvieto, not far from the border with Tuscany. His grandson, Gentile Monaldeschi della Sala, of the party of Francesco Sforza, made himself the "Signor" of Orvieto in 1437, in agreement with Pietro Ramponi, Ugolino da Montemarte, Ranuccio da Castel di Piero as well as others of the group called the "Mercorini", who slaughtered the members of the opposing faction, the "Muffati", who represented Papal power in Orvieto. More than sixty were killed and numerous houses were burnt. Gentile retained power for a decade, against the della Cervara branch. Later he fought the Venetian cardinal Pietro Barbo, who was to become Pope Paul II; in honourable defeat he was sent to Romania to lead the Pope's troops. Family contentions were calmed by the marriage in 1480 of Gentile's son, Pietro Antonio Monaldeschi della Vipera della Sala withhis cousin Giovanna Monaldeschi della Cervara.
The Monaldeschi della Cervara had invested themselves with Bolsena, where they built the fortifications that are still a prominent feature.Temporary victories of one group over another resulted in the demolition of houses, towers, "palazzi", to the detriment of city life. A communal decree of 24 September 1347, in an attempt to put an end to such destruction, granted to the Monaldeschi the territory of Orvieto as far as Montalto di Castro, Orbetello, and the Isola del Giglio, but strife continued. In June 1351 the Monaldeschi della Cervara captured an unfortunate follower of the della Vipera and killed him so brutally in the cellars of the castello of Torre Alfina that the morsels of his body were fed to falcons. Reciprocal violence continued through the century. In 1406 the "acquesiani" took Monte Rufeno and San Pietro Aquaeortus, burned Marzapalo and damaged Trevinano. In 1442 Alvisi Monaldeschi della Cervara, in order to regain his Torre Alfina from the "condottiere" Ciarpellone, under the direction of Francesco Sforza was forced to pay a thousand gold ducats. In 1527, at the time of the Sack of Rome, Camillo Monaldeschi joined the army of Charles V and participated in the pillaging of Proceno, San Lorenzo and Grotte di Castro. Acquapendente was successfully defended but local animosities fueled destruction in the region of Orvieto. Camillo Monaldeschi brought a well-armed band from Trevinano to defend Torre Alfina.
In 1592 Gianfrancesco Monaldeschi was found guilty of harbouring brigands and rebels against Papal power, and Pope Clement VIII confiscated in favour of the Apostolic Camera, half of the Monaldeschi holdings in Trevinano, selling three-quarters of the remainder to Giacomo Cardinal Simoncelli, bishop of Orvieto, 26 June 1598. With the cession to the Papal States of Torre Alfina in 1664, the Monaldeschi ceased to play a part in the politics of Central Italy, though the marchese Gian Rinaldo Monaldeschi was reputed to be the lover of Christina of Sweden in her Roman retirement. When she discovered that Monaldeschi had betrayed her plans to take the Kingdom of Naples to the Pope, she had him assassinated 10 November 1657, in her presence at Fontainebleau, where the queen was staying in her passage through France.

</doc>
<doc id="5905659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905659" title="Akakura-Onsen Station">
Akakura-Onsen Station

Lines.
Akakura-Onsen Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 61.6 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Akakura-Onsen Station has one platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The platform was originally an island platform, but there are no longer any tracks on one side. The station is unattended.
History.
Akakura-Onsen Station opened on November 1, 1917 as . It was renamed on November 15, 1954. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. It was renamed to its present name on December 4, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5905667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905667" title="Harz Railway">
Harz Railway

The Trans-Harz Railway () was formerly the main line of the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways ("Harzer Schmalspurbahnen" or "HSB") and runs north to south right across the Harz Mountains from Wernigerode to Nordhausen. However, the tourist attraction of the Brocken, the highest mountain in the Harz, is so great that the Brocken Railway is effectively the main line today. The Trans-Harz Railway joins up with the Selke Valley Railway to Quedlinburg at Eisfelder Talmühle where all trains are organised to make good connections.
Route.
The line begins at the HSB's narrow gauge station in Nordhausen (Nordhausen Nord). It lies in northwest of and parallel to the standard gauge railway station. After passing the link line to the Nordhausen Tramway that joins it from the right, the railway bends towards the north and runs for 7 km to the station of Niedersachswerfen Ost almost parallel to the standard gauge line from Nordhausen to Ellrich (the South Harz Line). The Harz mountains begin beyond Ilfeld (km 10.7). Behind "Netzkater" (km 14.0) lies the station of "Eisfelder Talmühle" (km 17.3), where the Selke Valley Railway branches off in a curve to the right.
The Trans-Harz Railway continues to follow the B 81 federal road as far as "Tiefenbachmühle" halt (km 19.5) before turning in a westerly direction in order to reach the request stop of "Sophienhof" (km 21.0), the last stop in Thuringia. The line runs through spruce forests over the state border with Saxony-Anhalt. At Benneckenstein station (km 29.8) the line crosses the ridge at , its highest point so far. It then runs downhill into the valley of the Warme Bode, where the halt of Sorge (km 33.4; ) is located. Next the route climbs to its next summit at . After Elend (km 41.6) the line reaches the junction with the Brocken Railway at "Drei-Annen-Hohne station" (km 46.4). In 2009 the construction of a new stub line from Elend to Braunlage was discussed (see "South Harz Railway Company").
Behind Drei-Annen-Hohne the line runs steeply downhill and the railway reaches the 58 m long tunnel below the "Thumkuhlenkopf". It is the only tunnel in the Harz Narrow Gauge Railway network. On emerging from the tunnel Wernigerode Castle can soon be seen in the distance. In the vicinity of the station at "Steinerne Renne" (km 54.5) the line enters one of the HSB's tightest curves with a 60 metre radius, before reaching the station of Wernigerode-Hasserode (km 56.3). The next stations en route are "Hochschule Harz" halt (formerly "Wernigerode-Kirchstraße") and "Westerntor" station (where the Wernigerode-Westerntor Bahnbetriebswerk is found) at Wernigerode. Its terminus is the station at Wernigerode (km 60.5).
History.
The first section of the Trans-Harz Railway to go into service on 12 July 1897 was the line from Nordhausen to Ilfeld. On 7 February 1898 it was extended as far as Netzkater and on 15 September that year to Benneckenstein. From the north the section Wernigerode to Drei-Annen-Hohne was completed on 20 June 1898. The remaining section between Drei-Annen-Hohne and Benneckenstein was finally opened on 27 March 1899 along with the line up to the Brocken, the highest peak in the Harz mountains. The original operating company was the Nordhausen-Wernigerode Railway Company. After the compulsory acquisition of the line in 1949, the East German Deutsche Reichsbahn ran it until 1993.
From 1899 the Trans-Harz Railway crossed another metre gauge line at Sorge. This other line was operated by the South Harz Railway Company (SHE) and ran from Walkenried via Brunnenbachsmühle and Sorge to Tanne. A link line, initially just for passenger trains, was laid in 1913. In 1945 services between Sorge and Brunnenbachsmühle were closed, because this section crossed the Inner German Border. The section from Sorge to Tanne continued to be worked until 1958. The tracks were left on the border bridge until the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. 
Operations.
Railway traffic has sharply increased in recent years on the section between Nordhausen and Ilfeld. Since 2004 Nordhausen hybrid-trams have run directly from Ilfeld into the tram network at Nordhausen. Other trains run to Eisfelder Talmühle and continue onto the Selke Valley Railway. Apart from one pair of steam trains, all services are worked by diesel railbuses. The only remaining goods trains on the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways work the line between Nordhausen and Eisfelder Talmühle. These regularly transport standard gauge ballast wagons from the "Hartsteinwerken Unterberg" on rollbocks to Nordhausen. A number of converted diesel locomotives are available for this, which have couplers and buffers at the right height for handling standard gauge goods wagons.
After 1993 daily trains services between Eisfelder Talmühle and Drei-Annen-Hohne were restricted to four pairs of trains. Only two pairs were hauled by steam locomotives. 
In addition, between Drei Annen Hohne and Wernigerode through trains run on the Brocken–Wernigerode route, the majority being steam-hauled.

</doc>
<doc id="5905671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905671" title="Tachikōji Station">
Tachikōji Station

Lines.
Tachikōji Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 62.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Tachikōji Station has one side platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station building is built directly on the platform. The station is unattended.
History.
Tachikōji Station opened on July 10, 1959. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905682" title="In Love with the DJ/Sunset Girl">
In Love with the DJ/Sunset Girl

"In Love with the DJ/Sunset Girl" is a single released by ATB from his album "Addicted to Music".

</doc>
<doc id="5905694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905694" title="Maciej Słomczyński">
Maciej Słomczyński

Maciej Słomczyński (April 10, 1922 – March 21, 1998) was a Polish translator and writer. For his detective stories he used the pen name "Joe Alex".
Life and work.
He was the son of Merian C. Cooper, an American aviator, American Air Force and Polish Air Force officer, adventurer, and the screenwriter, director and producer of the film "King Kong". His mother was an Englishwoman, Marjorie Słomczyńska née Crosby (1884–1954). He adopted his last name, Słomczyński, after his stepfather, Aleksander Słomczyński, who married Marjorie after she had not agreed to leave for the United States with Cooper. However, the fatherhood of Cooper has been questioned, among others, by his family. 
In 1941, he joined the Polish resistance organization Confederation of the Nation and in 1943 the Polish Home Army. In 1944 he was arrested and imprisoned in Pawiak, from which he managed to escape. Later he moved West and served in the American Gendarmerie in France. 
He debuted as a poet in 1946 in the "Tydzień" magazine in Łódź. In 1947 he returned to Poland and seven years later he moved permanently to Kraków.
After the war he was persecuted and questioned as a suspected British spy. For a few months in 1953 he worked for the State Security and he fled to Gdańsk to break the contact with the agency. Later on, he persistently refused to cooperate. 
He is the author of the 1957 novel "Cassiopeia", in which he presented the attitudes of the artistic circles towards communism and the reasons, which made a great part of these circles to serve for the new government.
He translated "Ulysses" and "Gulliver's Travels" into Polish; he was the only person in the world to translate all the works of William Shakespeare. His translations of Shakespeare were, however, subjected to critique for the lack of clarity, faithfulness to the original or any literary value.
He was the member of the Stowarzyszenie Pisarzy Polskich and Rotary Club, as well as the vice-president of the international asscociation "The James Joyce Foundation", and since 1973, a member of the Irish Institute.
He authored many detective stories, screenplays and plays, published under the pen names "Joe Alex" and "Kazimierz Kwaśniewski."
Joe Alex and Kazimierz Kwaśniewski.
He was the author of crime fiction published under the pen name Joe Alex (or Józef Aleks) and Kazimierz Kwaśniewski. As Joe Alex he authored film scripts, screenplays (Panny z Acheronu) and television spectacles. Alex's crime fiction was translated into 13 languages: Belarussian, Bulgarian, Czech, Lithuanian, Latvian, German, Russian, Romanian, Serbo-Croatian, Slovak, Slovene, Ukrainian and Hungarian. Most of his books in the USSR were published without his permission or without the permission of his descendants.
Bibliography.
As Maciej Słomczyński:
As Joe Alex:
As Kazimierz Kwaśniewski:

</doc>
<doc id="5905703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905703" title="Julinho">
Julinho

Julinho may refer to:
Football players:

</doc>
<doc id="5905704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905704" title="Second Battle of Tapae">
Second Battle of Tapae

The Battle of Tapae (101) was the decisive battle of the first Dacian War, in which Roman Emperor Trajan defeated the Dacian King Decebalus's army. Other setbacks in the campaign delayed its completion until 102.
Background.
As soon as Trajan became Roman emperor, he planned a campaign against Dacia. This campaign resulted in the first Dacian war fought between 101 and 102. 
The reason used for this campaign was Decebalus' lack of respect for the Romans, and the fact that he failed to respect the agreements of the peace reached following the First Battle of Tapae from 87/88.
Beside the nine Roman legions that were already stationed on the Danube, Trajan brought two more, Legio X Gemina and Legio XI Claudia, and created two new legions, Legio II Traiana Fortis and Legio XXX Ulpia Victrix.
The Battle.
The Roman army crossed the Danube at Viminacium, slowly making its way into Dacia. Just like in 87/88, the battle took place at Tapae. The Dacians resisted the Roman offensive, but as a storm broke out, the Dacians believing it is a sign from the gods, decided to withdraw.
Aftermath.
Because the winter was near, Trajan decided to wait until spring to continue his offensive on Sarmizegetusa. Decebalus took advantage of the new situation, and in the winter of 101 to 102, he attacked the Roman province of Moesia, a major clash taking place at the Battle of Adamclisi.

</doc>
<doc id="5905715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905715" title="Jan Tomáš Kuzník">
Jan Tomáš Kuzník

Jan Tomáš Kuzník (1716 – 13 April 1786) was a Czech teacher of music, musician, composer and poet, active in the in Hanakia in the heart of Moravia.
Kuzník was born near Kojetín. During 1739–1764 he worked in Napajedla as a music teacher ("kantor") and organist. Most of his works comes from this period. He composed church and lay music whose texts concentrate on misery of peasantry and Prussian Wars (he wrote the texts himself). Some of his easier works, composed in Haydn style, are played until today.
His son, Jan Karel Kuzník (1745 in Napajedla – 1819), was a collector of traditional folk songs and author of humoristic "map of Hanakia".

</doc>
<doc id="5905720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905720" title="List of Toy Story characters">
List of Toy Story characters

This is a list of characters from Disney/Pixar's "Toy Story" trilogy which consists of the animated films "Toy Story" (released 1995), "Toy Story 2" (1999), and "Toy Story 3" (2010).
Main characters.
Woody.
Sheriff Woody Pride is a cowboy, and Andy's favorite. Appearing in all three "Toy Story" films, he usually acts as the leader of the gang. His rivalry with Buzz forms the basis of the plot of the first film. In "Toy Story 2", he is stolen at a yard sale by a toy collector, causing the other toys to embark on a rescue mission. In "Toy Story 3" he and the other toys are shipped to a daycare center.
Buzz Lightyear.
Buzz Lightyear is a "space ranger," and wears a space suit with various features such as retractable wings and transparent helmet, a laser "weapon," and various sound effects. In "Toy Story," he begins the series believing he is not a toy, but an actual space ranger (the other toys are aware that they are toys) and develops a rivalry with Woody, who resents him for getting more attention as the newcomer. During the film, he comes to realize that he is a toy, and eventually becomes good friends with Woody. He is extremely loyal to his friends. During his time trapped at Sid's house, Hannah, Sid's sister, called Buzz Mrs. Nesbit. In Toy Story 2, Buzz goes to save Woody from Al with Potato Head, Ham, Rex, and Slink (Slinky Dog) where he gets stuck in the Buzz Lightyear aisle in Al's Toy Barn by another Buzz and finds out for himself what he was really like. In "Toy Story 3," a friendship begins to develop between Buzz and Jessie. He is particularly open with his affection when switched to "Spanish mode."
Jessie.
Jessie is a cowgirl, and part of the Woody's Round Up gang. She first appeared in "Toy Story 2" along with Bullseye and Stinky Pete. Initially, Jessie was hesitant to join Andy's friends. After she becomes part of the family, she is very happy (despite that Andy first calls her Bazooka Jane). In "Toy Story 3", she was riding Bullseye when Woody fell off the train in Andy's opening sequence. She argued with Woody on their way to Sunnyside Daycare because of when the others think Andy threw them out. Later in the film, Jessie feels close with Buzz, even when Buzz got switched into Spanish. At the end, Jessie and Buzz danced to the Spanish version of "You've Got a Friend in Me." Jessie also appears in Pixar's Monsters, Inc. as one of the toys Boo gives Sulley. Jessie also appears in Pixar's production of Toy Story of Terror! as the main character that saves the other toys from the toy stealer and seller at the rest stop.
Secondary characters.
The Toys.
Rex.
Rex is believed to represent an excitable large, green, plastic "Tyrannosaurus rex". However upon further analysis, actually is an "Allosaurus" because he has 3 fingers on each hand. In reality, T-Rex only have 2 fingers on each hand. Rex suffers from anxiety, an inferiority complex ("I just don't think I could take that kind of rejection!") and the concern that he is not scary enough. Rex's worst fear (after Sid) is that Andy will get another, scarier dinosaur, but feels better after Buzz gives him a few pointers on how to roar more effectively. He is among the largest of Andy's toys, and is often depicted as the heaviest. He is voiced by Earl Boen in the "Toy Story 2" video game. Comic irony is created by the fact that although Rex is a toy dinosaur he dislikes confrontation and is sensitive in nature.
In "Toy Story", he states that he was manufactured by a smaller company that was purchased in a leveraged buyout by Mattel (coincidentally, real-life Rex toys used to be made by Hasbro, but as of 2009 are indeed made by Mattel). He is first introduced when he moves Woody's doodle pad, then tries to scare Woody with his roar. When Buzz arrives, Rex is fascinated by his cool features. Later, when Woody knocks Buzz out the window, he reluctantly sides against Woody out of pressure from the other toys, even though he knows that it was an accident. He is, however, a great deal less antagonistic than most of the other toys in this instance and is also one of the few not to attempt physical attack on Woody. He later feels guilty when everyone discovers Woody was telling the truth all along. He gains confidence at the end, saying he could play as the dominant predator if Andy gets a leaf eater.
The beginning of "Toy Story 2", he is shown playing the "Buzz Lightyear: Attack on Zurg" video game, which he loses, much to his frustration. He is responsible for the toys seeing the commercial for Al's Toy Barn commercial when he accidentally clicks the remote control. Though afraid, he is brave enough to go with Buzz, Hamm, Slinky, and Mr. Potato Head to rescue Woody, believing that his video game experiences have prepared him for real combat. Inside Al's Toy Barn, he excitedly finds a "Buzz Lightyear" video game strategy guide, which he takes with him. He loses the guide later, but is still able to give Buzz #2 tips from the guide on defeating Zurg. In a parody of "Jurassic Park", he chases a car driven by the toys in Al's Toy Barn, in which Mr. Potato Head spots his reflection in the rear view mirror. It is Rex's tail sticking out of Al's bag that later causes the real Buzz to go after them. When Zurg is about to finish off Buzz #2, he turns away, not bearing to look anymore, but his tail knocks Zurg down the elevator shaft, making him feel overjoyed about finally defeating Zurg for real.
In "Toy Story 3", he is Woody's "Dinosaur who Eats Force Field Dogs" in Andy's opening western play sequence, where he frightens One-Eyed Bart and his gang with a terrifying roar, but is then overpowered by a flood of monkeys. He is seen to be especially sad about Andy's lack of attention to the toys, expressing joy when Andy touches him for only a few moments. When the toys are initially left for the garbage pickup, he is ultimately responsible for saving them when he uses his tail to rip a hole in the garbage bag. He is initially happy to be at Sunnyside, and is visibly sad when Woody leaves, but becomes dismayed after a rough playtime with the toddlers, commenting "Andy never played with us like that!" He is imprisoned along with Andy's other toys by Lotso and his gang. Later, at the garbage dump, Rex is the last to escape the shredder, only barely escaping when he grabs onto a broken fan. Standing on the shredded trash, he discovers a source of light thinking that it's daylight, but Woody convinces him that it's not; it's the light of the flame from the incinerator. When the toys are finally given to Bonnie, Rex becomes close friends with Trixie the Triceratops.
In an outtake of "Toy Story 2", the toys use him as a battering ram, only for Rex to hurt his head when banged against the locked grate. Rex makes an appearance in an outtake of "Monsters, Inc." where he waits at the crosswalk with Mike and Sulley in a scene reminiscent of "Jurassic Park". Rex is a playable character in the "Toy Story Racer" video game. In the movie "WALL-E", Rex is seen in the background inside the truck.
Rex reappears in the theatrical short films "Hawaiian Vacation", "Small Fry", "Partysaurus Rex" and Toy Story of Terror!
Slinky Dog.
Slinky Dog (usually called just Slinky or sometimes Slink) is a toy dachshund with a metal Slinky for a body, who speaks with a southern accent. Slinky's head, feet, and tail are plastic and he is missing his pull string. Slinky also has a green collar. Slinky Dog is based on Slinky, a pull toy by James Industries, which was popular in the 1950s, 1960s and early 1970s. With the permission of James Industries, Slinky Dog was partially redesigned for the film by Pixar artist Bud Luckey to make him more appealing as an animated character.
In "Toy Story", he likes playing checkers with Woody, usually choosing the red side. Slinky is shown to be the most loyal to Woody and stands up for him when Potato Head complains. Slinky is fascinated by Buzz, along with the rest of the toys, but does not make fun of Woody when Buzz arrives like the others do. When Woody knocks Buzz out of the window, Slinky is one of the few toys who believes it was an accident. Later, when Andy notices Woody is missing, he and Bo Peep are worried about him, in contrast to the others, who are glad he's gone. Later, he attempts to help when Woody throws a chain of Christmas lights from Sid's house to Andy's, but Potato Head stops him. Even Slinky, though, appears to give up on Woody when he pretends Buzz is with him but accidentally reveals his broken arm. He is stretched almost to the point of breaking when helping rescue Woody and Buzz on the moving truck, but is fixed by the end of the film.
At the beginning of "Toy Story 2", Slinky is the one who finds Woody's hat, and joins Buzz, Hamm, Mr. Potato Head and Rex on a mission to rescue Woody from Al McWhiggin of Al's Toy Barn. His springy coil is used as a bungee cord when the toys jump from the roof of Andy's house. When the toys break into Al's apartment, Slinky uses his spring to hold Jessie and Bullseye back by coiling them up so the toys can safely rescue Woody. After Al packs up Woody and his Roundup gang and heads for the airport, Slinky, stretching down from the elevator ceiling by Buzz, Hamm and Potato Head, reaches for the case that contains Woody, and almost manages to save him, but is thwarted by the Prospector. He goes to the airport with the others and is able to rescue Woody, and returns home with the rest of the group. In an outtake, he is seen petting his own hind section and talking to it.
In "Toy Story 3", Slinky has a smaller role compared to the previous two films. He is the only original character that had to be re-cast (due to Jim Varney's death), and was replaced by Blake Clark in this film. Slinky is One-Eyed Bart's "Attack Dog with a Built-in Force Field" and protects the bad guys with his shield in Andy's western play sequence. At Sunnyside Daycare, Slinky has been tangled up by the young children. Later that night, Slinky reveals that Woody was telling them the truth about Andy's intention to store the toys into the attic. Slinky and his friends have been imprisoned by Lotso's gang. He is shown to be the happiest toy to see Woody return, and assists him in subduing the Monkey toy who monitors the security cameras. When the toys reach the dumpster, Slinky stretches himself to create a bridge for the toys to climb across to safety, although they are stopped by Lotso. When the toys end up at the dump, Slinky is the first to be taken up by a magnetic ceiling due to the metallic section of his body. When Lotso betrays the toys and leaves them to be burned up in the incinerator, Slinky is the first to follow Buzz in joining hands with his friends in acceptance of their fate. After the toys are rescued by the Squeeze Toy Aliens, he and Hamm are the most vocal about wanting to get revenge on Lotso for leaving them to die before Woody convinces them Lotso isn't worth it. He is eventually donated to Bonnie along with the rest of the toys.
His catchphrase, said in all three movies, is "Golly bob-howdy!"
Slinky reappears in the short film "Hawaiian Vacation", in which he acts as a hotel porter as part of Ken and Barbie's Hawaiian adventures. He also appears in "Small Fry" and "Partysaurus Rex". He doesn't speak in "", and appears along with Jessie in one scene as a silent cameo, and it could also imply because his original voice actor Jim Varney died from lung cancer on February 10, 2000.
Hamm.
Hamm is a wise cracking realist piggy bank with a cork in his belly in place of a stopper. He and Mr. Potato Head appear to be best friends, and are often seen playing games, such as Battleship (with Hamm always winning). Out of all the toys, he is shown to have the most knowledge of the outside, often being very familiar with various gadgets that are shown, likely as an homage to Ratzenberger's famous role of mail carrier and bar know-it-all Cliff Clavin on the sitcom "Cheers".
In "Toy Story", Hamm first appears early in the film, when Mr. Potato Head mixes up his own face and jokes that he's "Pablo Picasso," but Hamm doesn't get it, causing Potato Head to call him an "uncultured swine." He interrupts Woody's staff meeting by yelling that there are "birthday guests at 3:00." He becomes fascinated with Buzz's features and makes fun of Woody, along with Potato Head. When Woody accidentally knocks Buzz off the window, Hamm is one of the many toys who believes that Woody did it intentionally, and is happy to see that Woody has disappeared. Later, when Hamm and Potato Head spot Woody at Sid's House with Buzz's broken arm, they believe he murdered Buzz, and leave him stranded there. When Woody and Buzz escape from Sid's House, and Woody pushes RC out of the moving truck, Hamm thinks he's trying to murder RC as well, and attacks him along with the others. Hamm feels guilty when it is discovered that Woody was telling the truth all along. At the end, Hamm cheers for Potato Head when Molly gets a Mrs. Potato Head for Christmas.
In "Toy Story 2," Hamm is shown to hate the Al's Toy Barn chicken mascot the most of all the toys. When Woody is stolen, he and Mr. Potato Head set up a crime scene to present Woody's kidnapping to the other toys. After helping the toys find the Al's Toy Barn commercial on TV, Hamm goes with Buzz, Slinky, Rex, and Mr. Potato Head on a mission to rescue Woody. On the mission, it is revealed that Hamm is embarrassed to be seen without his cork in. In Al's Toy Barn, Hamm spots a "Bonus Belt" Buzz, thinking he is Andy's Buzz, though he comments on the new Buzz's odd behavior. Ultimately, Hamm and the other toys are able to rescue Woody and return home. In the morning, Hamm attempts to beat a "Buzz Lightyear: Attack on Zurg" video game that is previously tried by Rex and asks if he can play for him, but Rex doesn't want to play after Rex defeated Zurg in the elevator, Hamm fails at the Buzz Lightyear Video Game. Hamm and Rex watching Al's Toy Barn commercial on TV in which Al cries and seems to have been poor, which makes Hamm comment that crime doesn't pay.
In "Toy Story 3," Hamm is "Evil Dr. Porkchop" in Andy's western play opening sequence, appearing in a giant pig-shaped spaceship to rescue One-Eyed Bart and thwart Woody and his gang. Later, when the toys are accidentally thrown out, Hamm is angry, believing that Andy threw them out on purpose. He escapes with the rest of the toys to Sunnyside Daycare, where he is initially happy to be played with, but dismayed as he realizes the toddlers are too rough. Later that night, Hamm and his friends realize that Woody was telling the truth about Andy. Hamm and Mr. Potato Head argue about who didn't believe Woody first, but Hamm was right, and Mr. Potato Head was wrong. When the toys are imprisoned by Lotso and his henchmen, Hamm is shown to be able to play the harmonica. When Woody comes back to rescue the toys from Sunnyside he quotes "Return of the Astro-Nut" on Buzz being turned back to demo. He helps the toys escape by fighting with Rex to distract Buzz, who has been switched to demo mode by Lotso, so that Jessie can trap him under a plastic container. Hamm and Rex, being the heaviest of the toys, sit on top of the container to prevent Buzz from escaping. When Woody returns with Buzz's instruction manual to switch him back, Hamm reads the instructions while the others hold Buzz down. When they were about to die in the incinerator, Hamm grabbed the hands of Slinky and Rex. Later, after the toys are rescued from an incinerator-related death at the dump due to Lotso's selfishness, Hamm, along with Slinky, wants revenge, but Woody talks them both out of it. He is donated along with Andy's other toys to Bonnie, where he becomes best friends with Buttercup.
In a 2010 advertisement for the United States Postal Service promoting "Toy Story 3," Hamm wears a postal worker's hat while promoting the Priority Mail service; Ratzenberger is best known for his role as mailman Cliff Clavin on the long-running sitcom "Cheers". He also makes an appearance in the "Toy Story 3" video game as the mayor in Toy Box mode.
Hamm also appears in the theatrical short films "Hawaiian Vacation," "Small Fry" and "Partysaurus Rex."
Mr. Potato Head.
Mr. Potato Head (often referred to as simply Potato Head) is a doll based on the real-life toy by Playskool. He is an outspoken and sarcastic potato-shaped toy: his patented design allows him to separate his detachable parts from his body by removing them from the holes on his body. He also has a compartment on his lower back to store extra appendages. He is capable of retaining control over his parts even if they are several meters away from his main body. For example, he can still see if one or both of his detachable eyes are removed, as well as being able to move his hands if they are detached. The same thing applies to his "Mrs." counterpart, as she was able to see Andy in his room through her eye left behind. While this attribute is mostly used for comedic effect (i.e. as a running gag, he often finds himself being split or falling apart due to outside forces), it does have its uses, particularly in the second and third films.
In "Toy Story", he becomes fascinated with all the features of the Buzz Lightyear action figure that Andy has received for his birthday, Potato Head ridicules Woody for not having a laser like Buzz as well as Woody's pullstring. After Buzz is knocked out of the window, Potato Head blames Woody for kicking him out, thinking that Woody might do the same to him if Andy plays with him more often, and turns the other toys against Woody and leads a mutiny with them although this could partially be Mr. Potato Head letting out his own jealousy of Andy's love for Woody. When Woody reveals himself at Sid's House later, Mr. Potato Head convinces the others to refuse to help him, still assuming that Woody attacked Buzz. They are packed up and put in a moving truck later but Woody catches up with them and however when Woody tosses RC onto the street to rescue Buzz, Potato Head, still distrusting Woody, orders the other toys to mutiny again, and "toss him overboard", however, when Bo Peep reveals that "Woody was telling the truth," the toys realize their mistake. He decides to reform himself by holding Slinky's tail to help Woody and Buzz back at the truck but gets hit after Slinky's attempt fails. When Woody tosses RC in the truck, Potato Head gets hit. At the end of the film, he is surprised to hear Molly receiving Mrs. Potato Head for her Christmas present and promptly removes his mustache for it.
In "Toy Story 2", after Al McWhiggin steals Woody, he goes with Buzz, Hamm, Rex, and Slinky to rescue Woody. Later, when they are going to leave, Mrs. Potato Head packs some extra pair of shoes and angry eyes on his back compartment. When the toys cross the street to Al's Toy Barn, they cause a semi to jackknife, and the chains restraining a large pipe on the semi break, freeing the pipe, which rolls down the street, during which Mr. Potato Head gets one of his feet stuck in a chewing gum and has to pull his foot off the gum before the pipe can crush him. After the toys break into Al's room using Al's Toy Barn, Potato Head attempts to frighten Jessie by reaching into his back compartment for his angry eyes, but attaches his spare pair of shoes by mistake. When the toys leave the apartment after Al leaves with Woody, Potato Head throws his hat like a frisbee to jam the closing doors, letting the toys pass through. Outside, he is the first to spot an idling Pizza Planet delivery truck nearby. While the toys chase Al in the truck, Potato Head saves three alien toys from flying out the window. In the airport, when he sees the luggage area, he gasps and his angry eyes and pair of shoes come out after his compartment opens. He feels annoyed when the aliens repeatedly express their eternal gratefulness towards him, but after the toys return home, he reluctantly gives in when his wife wants to adopt the aliens, much to his dismay.
In "Toy Story 3", Potato Head is resentful of the aliens, who still worship him for saving their lives. Potato Head is sad that Andy doesn't play with them anymore, and complains all that to Woody. He is frustrated that Andy threw them away, which he did not. Again, Potato Head is the toy most doubtful of Woody when he and the other toys are almost thrown away by accident. Potato Head is excited to get played with in Sunnyside. After a rough playtime with the toddlers, he and Mrs. Potato Head's parts are scattered on the floor, and he gets his parts stuck up a kid's nose. Later that night, his wife Mrs. Potato Head through the other eye left in Andy's bedroom, spots that Andy is looking for his toys, making Mr. Potato Head and the other toys shocked. When Lotso's dark attitude is revealed, he tries to defend his friends from Lotso, but Big Baby throws him into the "The Box" on Lotso's orders. When Jessie told Woody she was wrong to leave Andy, Potato Head agrees saying that she was wrong. The toys hatch an escape plan which Potato Head initiates by arguing with and distracting the captors, and he is thrown in the box once again. Only his smaller parts are able to escape, through a small hole. He reassembles onto a floppy tortilla, checks if Lotso is sleeping and then gives the signal. Pecked at by a pigeon, the tortilla falls apart, and Potato Head rejoins the other toys using a cucumber for a body. Bullseye returns his original plastic body to him. The toys manage to escape Sunnyside, and he and the other toys jump onto a garbage truck. Eventually, they end up in a landfill, facing death in the incinerator. However, Potato Head and the toys are saved by his alien children, who he now accepts and declares himself to be eternally grateful, just as the aliens had told him when they met. They eventually return to Andy's home and get washed. Mr. Potato Head then says his farewell to Woody before Andy comes into the room. Potato Head is donated to Bonnie at the end of the film.
Potato Head reappears in the theatrical short films "Hawaiian Vacation" and "Small Fry", and will return in "Partysaurus Rex".
He is seen as an Interactive Audio-Animatronic at "Toy Story Midway Mania!". It is stated on the Toy Story website that Mr. Potato Head was Andy's second toy.
Mrs. Potato Head.
Mrs. Potato Head is Mr. Potato Head's wife and female counterpart. Unlike her husband, Mrs. Potato Head is sweet and not hot-headed or impatient. Although mentioned as one of Molly's Christmas presents near the end of the first movie, she isn't seen until "Toy Story 2".
In "Toy Story 2", her husband has found her lost earring. Before her husband leaves with Buzz and his troops, she stores his "extra pair of shoes and angry eyes" into his back compartment. (The outtakes show Mrs. Potato Head overloading her husband's back compartment with several unnecessary appendages: cheese puffs, a key, a golf ball, a plastic steak, a rubber ducky, a yo-yo, a bouncy ball, wind-up novelty teeth, two yellow crayons, blue Play-Doh, a dime, and monkey chow) She also warns the toys by saying "Don't talk to any toy you don't know!" She isn't seen until the end of the film. She becomes an adoptive mother of the three Squeeze Toy Aliens that Andy's toys had found in the Pizza Planet truck, as they won't leave because Mr. Potato Head saved their lives. She is then happily watching Wheezy sing his version of "You've Got a Friend in Me" with her husband.
In "Toy Story 3", she has a more central role. She is "One-Eyed Betty", One-Eyed Bart's wife in the opening sequence. She uses her ninja skills and her nunchuk to herd Woody to the back, and eventually off the train. After One-Eyed Bart and Betty rob tons of gold, they are transported to Dr. Porkchop's aircraft. At the present time when Andy's toys all cram themselves in the toy box, Mrs. Potato Head loses one of her eyes. She is one of the toys who believe Andy threw them out on purpose, which he didn't. They are later donated to Sunnyside Daycare. She and her husband experience a rough playtime with the toddlers at the Caterpillar Room. When the toys hear something from the halls, Mrs. Potato Head uses her eye and looks under the door. She at first just sees the dark hall, but then she sees Andy looking for the toys in his room, due to the eye she left behind in Andy's house. She tells the toys it truly was an accident that they were thrown away. When Lotso is revealed to be evil, Mrs. Potato Head complains about her chewed up pocketbook and yells at him when he calls her "Sweet Potato," along with telling him she needs more respect and having over 30 accessories. But Lotso takes off her mouth. Mrs. Potato Head is surprised to see her husband all covered in sand from spending the night in the "Box". The toys plan an escape after they reunite with Woody. Mrs. Potato Head uses the key to open the door. Later, she comments that Mr. Potato Head had lost weight and looks tall when he attached his body parts to a cucumber. The toys manage to escape, but they are taken to the dump. Mrs. Potato Head screams when her alien children get run over. She alerts Buzz and Jessie when a TV is about to fall on them. She is saved from death in an incinerator by her adoptive children, and much to her delight, her husband now accepts them. She recovers her missing eye before she and the toys are donated to Bonnie. Even though she was Molly's Christmas gift in the first film, the second and third films imply that she is one of Andy's toys.
Mrs. Potato Head reappears in the theatrical short film "Hawaiian Vacation" and acts as a tour guide for Ken and Barbie in their Hawaiian adventures. She also reappears in "Small Fry" and "Partysaurus Rex".
Bullseye.
Bullseye the horse is the first toy with which Woody interacted in Al's penthouse. He was extremely happy to finally see Woody over a long time in storage. When Woody found a shelf full of collectibles of him and his roundup gang, Bullseye jumped to the record player while attempting to catch a toy snake fired from a toy boot by Woody. When Woody loses an arm, he attempts to get his arm back from Al, who is sleeping with a fallen bowl of scattered cheese puffs everywhere. Bullseye joins in and tries to help him. Woody told him to go and reminded him he's trying to get him to storage, but Bullseye licks him and wants to help, so Woody allowed him to. But he licked Al's cheesy fingers, but stopped when Woody told him to stop. Bullseye is shown to loathe fights as he hides in a can when Jessie jumps on Woody. He is also upset at Woody's intention to abandon the Roundup gang to return to Andy. Bullseye doesn't want Woody to leave and sadly looked at him when he stared at the vent, which is the way out. But Bullseye grins when Woody decides to stay with the gang. Later when Woody was doing an introduction, he called Bullseye to ride like the wind, but his saddle fell, making him move out, embarrassed. When Buzz and the toys find Woody, Slinky tangled Jessie and Bullseye so they could grab Woody and run. But Woody refused to join them, but later did. When Woody ultimately decides to return to Andy's room, it is Bullseye's loyalty that causes Woody to try to get the other toys to join him. At the airport, after Bullseye escapes from Al's case, Woody and Buzz Lightyear mount Bullseye and gallop across the airfield to rescue Jessie from being sent to Japan. Although Woody gets separated from Buzz, Buzz commandeers Bullseye to follow Woody, as they are seen galloping next to the wheels of the plane Woody and Jessie are on as it heads down the runway. The mission finally ends when Woody and Jessie swing down from the plane and land on Bullseye back right behind Buzz, seconds before the plane takes off. After the toys return home, both Bullseye and Jessie come along as part of Andy's toys. Bullseye has every letter of Andy's name printed on the sole of each of his hooves. Bullseye happily watches Wheezy sing "You've Got a Friend in Me."
Bullseye returns in "Toy Story 3" as one of the remaining toys in Andy's room. He is still Woody's horse in the opening sequence and saves him when he falls off the train by One-Eyed Betty. Bullseye's fast speed helps Woody catch the train and rescue the orphans. Bullseye is really sad when Andy wouldn't play with them anymore. After Andy's mom thought the bag the toys were in was trash, Bullseye and the toys manage to safely hide in a recycling bin. The toys are donated to Sunnyside Daycare. At Sunnyside, he proves his loyalty to Woody when he makes clear he wants to stay with him. He only stays when Woody tells him to since Woody doesn't want him to be alone in the attic. Bullseye is roughly tumbled over by a screaming toddler with a rolling wheel toy. After the toddler play session, Bullseye is covered with paint and has a blue sticker in his snout, which is removed by Jessie. When Lotso is revealed to be evil, he locks the toys up and shows them Woody's hat, making Bullseye miss Woody and sad he's gone. Bullseye is extremely happy when Woody comes back to Sunnyside and gives him back his hat. The toys plan an escape. Bullseye helps by going through the playground, carrying the aliens on his back. He goes with Woody and is almost caught by Big Baby when Bullseye jumps and accidentally makes an alien fall and squeak. But they hide inside a pail. The toys then go to the garbage dump, and Bullseye is the most desperate to escape the incinerator. They are rescued by the three aliens. At the end, Bullseye is donated to Bonnie, along with the rest of the toys. In Bonnie's room Bullseye changes the channel of a radio to a Spanish channel causing Buzz and Jessie to dance to the Spanish version of "You've got a friend in me."
Bullseye acts like a dog in many ways. Unlike most of the other toys, Bullseye cannot communicate in clear speech but sounds like an actual horse and uses body language to speak. According to a character interview that used to be on the Toy Story website, Bullseye communicated with Jessie while in storage by tapping his hooves to yes or no questions.
Bullseye reappears in the short films "Hawaiian Vacation" and "Small Fry." and will return in "Partysaurus Rex."
Squeeze Toy Aliens / Little Green Men.
The Squeeze Toy Aliens, also known as Little Green Men (or "LGMs") in "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" television series, are a series of green, three-eyed rubber aliens. They could squeak and are a part of Andy's toys after the events of Toy Story 2. Though at first glance it's not clear whether they are male or female, they are identified in the third film by Mr. Potato Head as " boys," meaning all three are male.
In "Toy Story," Buzz finds a giant claw game in Pizza Planet, thinking that it is the spaceship Woody was talking about, along with the "Ready To Launch" sign. When Buzz jumps in the spaceship, he sees hundreds of them. When Buzz asks who is in charge, the Little Green Men say 'the claw'. The claw belongs in the machine; the Little Green Men say that the claw will decide who will go and who will stay. When Woody spots Sid at Pizza Planet, he gets in the machine and tries to grab Buzz. As he does, Sid gets a Little Green Man, which makes Sid realize there is a Buzz Lightyear when Buzz is under the Little Green Man who got chosen. Woody pulls Buzz's legs so he does not get taken by Sid, but the Little Green Men bring Buzz, with Woody hanging on Buzz's feet, to get chosen, saying they must not fight the claw. As a result, Woody, Buzz, and the Little Green Man get taken to Sid's house. Sid gives the Little Green Man to his dog, Scud, as he grabs and chews it apart, making Woody and Buzz watch in horror. Near the end of the movie, the Little Green Man who was previously torn apart by Scud is seen to be intact, and it helps Woody try to scare Sid by getting out of Scud's food bowl and walking like a zombie toward Sid.
In "Toy Story 2," a trio of them are hanging above the dashboard in the Pizza Planet truck. Buzz groans when he sees them, remembering them from the claw game. They tell Potato Head to "use the wand of power", which is the truck's gear lever, which they mistook for the control lever of the giant claw game. They nearly fall out of the window, due to the sharp turns from Buzz trying to catch Al in his car. Fortunately, Mr. Potato Head saves them. The Little Green Men are thankful and hand him his ear. Throughout the rest of the movie they frequently say "You have saved our lives, we are eternally grateful," much to Potato Head's dismay. The Little Green Men join the quest to save Woody and chase after the luggage with Rex, Hamm, and Potato Head, only to find cameras. Back home, the trio, along with Bullseye and Jessie, end up becoming some of Andy's toys. They say their gratefulness to Mr. Potato Head, and Mrs. Potato Head is so happy that he saved their lives, so she suggests that they adopt them, with the Little Green Men calling Potato Head "daddy". They then watched Wheezy sing "You've Got a Friend in Me."
They reappear in "Toy Story 3" as the "henchmen" under One-Eyed Bart and One-Eyed Betty, and serve as the getaway drivers during the western opening sequence and drive Barbie's corvette. The car is destroyed by Buzz's laser and they are transported to Dr. Porkchop's aircraft. In the present time, the same trio continues to express their gratefulness to Mr. Potato Head. When Andy's mother mistakes the trash bag containing them as trash, she puts the toys on the curb, but they manage to escape the garbage bag. They are donated to Sunnyside along with the rest of Andy's toys. In Sunnyside, the Little Green Men find a toy crane, which reminds them of the claw game in Pizza Planet. The Little Green Men get sat on during a rough playtime with the toddlers. The toys plan to escape Sunnyside. The Little Green Men have to go through the playground with Woody and ride on Bullseye. They almost get caught by Big Baby because one of the Little Green Men falls off Bullseye and squeaks, but manage to hide inside a pail. Later when Andy's toys escape, one of the Little Green Men's feet gets stuck in the lid of the trash chute. Woody goes in to help, but after he helps the Little Green Man, Lotso (who had previously been thrown by Big Baby) grabs Woody's feet and pulls him into the chute. The toys then wind up at the dump. The Little Green Men are separated from the others by a bulldozer when they wander off, having spotted a crane. Woody and Mrs. Potato Head yell and try to warn them, but they are presumed to be dead after being plowed by the bulldozer. In the end, however, they are revealed to have avoided the conveyor belt and later rescue everyone from an incinerator with a giant claw crane for which the Potato Heads finally acknowledges them as his children, responding their repetitive line, "You have saved our lives and we are eternally grateful." The trio are later delivered to Bonnie along with the rest of Andy's toys.
The Aliens reappear in the theatrical short films "Hawaiian Vacation," "Small Fry" and "Partysaurus Rex."
Barbie.
In "Toy Story 2", the toys discover Barbie dolls in an aisle while searching for Woody. Hamm asks them if they know where Al is. Tour Guide Barbie volunteered to help and got in their car and gave them a tour around Al's Toy Barn. The toys crash into a bouncy ball machine when Rex showed his strategy guide in front of everyone, making Tour Guide Barbie not see where she was going. Rex chased after the car when he fell off, making Tour Guide Barbie tell everyone to remain seated, along with reciting it in Spanish. During the end credits she is a cinema usherette and is seen giving out instructions to the audience. After a while she asks if everyone has gone and promtly stops smiling and complains that it hurts her face. She then leaves for her break.
In "Toy Story 3", a Barbie appears to be one of the toys that Andy's sister, Molly, owns. She has a ponytail decorated in a pink scarf with a matching belt around her waist and the same color of high heel shoes on her feet and wears a turquoise sleeveless unitard with striped legwarmers. In Sunnyside, she falls in love with Ken. Ken begs her to join him in the Butterfly room. When Ken goes to the gambling den with his henchmen, he tells Barbie to wait in the dream house. After Ken and the others reset Buzz, Barbie breaks up with him. They later try to escape Sunnyside. Barbie tricks Ken into his house, where she asks him on where to find a manual to Buzz Lightyear. Ken tells Barbie where the manual is. She assists Andy's friends in resetting Buzz back to his original state. When they are stopped by Lotso and his gang from escaping Sunnyside, Barbie tells Lotso, about how it is better to have them be treated fairly than be ruled by a dictator. Her statement makes Ken come to her help, which makes Barbie fall back in love with him and hugs him shortly after Lotso forcefully throws Ken to Andy's friends. In the end credits of the film, they are once again in a relationship and change Sunnyside, becoming its co-leaders, after Lotso is defeated. At a party at Sunnyside, Barbie is seen coming down the toy elevator on Ken's Dream House with a gold dress.
Sarge and the Bucket O' Soldiers.
Sarge (also known as Army Sarge and Sergeant) is the gung-ho commander of an army of plastic toy soldiers from "Bucket O Soldiers" and loosely based on his voice actor's role as Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in the 1987 film "Full Metal Jacket."
In "Toy Story", he and the Bucket O' Soldiers are set in particular positions. They are highly disciplined with a "Leave no man behind" policy and are masters of reconnaissance. Woody describes them as "professionals." The soldiers venture out of Andy's room and hide in an indoor plant to report Andy's birthday presents to the toys and one of his comrades was injured after Mrs. Davis accidentally steps on one of them. They announced the first few presents, but didn't get to tell Andy got a Buzz Lightyear action figure. Sarge and his soldiers thought Woody was a murderer when he knocked Buzz off the window, so they "frag" him and each one of them attack Woody, along with the other toys. In the moving van, the soldiers attack Woody when he pushed RC off the van, making Sarge and the toys think he's murdering him now. However, Sarge sees that it was an accident Woody knocked Buzz off the window and is proud to work under Woody once again, as shown at the end of the film when they hide in a Christmas tree to report to the toys what Andy and Molly are getting for Christmas.
In "Toy Story 2," the role of Sarge is very minor. He first orders the soldiers to keep looking for Woody's hat in the toy box. When Buster was about to come to the room, Sarge and his army held back the door (with help from Rocky) to prevent Buster's entry, but Buster bursts open the door, causing the soldiers to go flying everywhere. When Woody alerts the toys about the yard sale occurring outside the house, he signals Sarge for an "emergency roll call" and Sarge orders the toys to line up in a single-file line. At the end, Sarge and his soldiers watch Wheezy sing "You've Got a Friend in Me."
In "Toy Story 3," several years after "Toy Story 2", only Sarge and two of his men are seen. Woody ordered Sarge and his men to retrieve the phone. That plan, however failed. Knowing that Andy is going to get out the trash bag, Sarge and his last two men (who have attached parachutes) leave Andy's room to find a better life. Buzz believes they are going AWOL, but Sarge claims that their mission is complete, and that when trash bags come out, the Army men are always the first to be thrown away (it is likely that the rest of the soldiers had either left prior to that day, or were sold in a yard sale). They appear again at the end of the film where they land on Sunnyside, and possibly recognizing Barbie, living a happy life under Ken and Barbie's leadership.
Bo Peep.
Bo Peep is a porcelain figurine attached to Molly's bedside lamp inspired by the heroine of the famed nursery rhyme; a beautiful, sweet-natured shepherdess accompanied by a single figure merged to resemble three sheep, who serves as Woody's romantic interest of the films. In spite of her status as one of Molly's toys, like Mrs. Potato Head she may fall under the category of Andy's toy. In Andy's games of imaginative play she is used as the damsel-in-distress of the stories, and she is depicted as gentle, ladylike, and kindhearted. In the first film, after Woody's exclusion from the group after Buzz Lightyear started to attract more attention, she remained loyal to him rather than taunting him because of Buzz's rise in popularity. She continued to show her attraction to Woody into the sequel, flirting with him, and she may play something of a minor role on occasion. However, she did not return in "Toy Story 3", as she had apparently been either broken, damaged, lost, or sold over the years like a few of the other characters, to Woody's sadness. The particular reason for her disappearance was never disclosed officially, though Woody shows grief over her loss.
RC.
RC (often known as RC car) is Andy's remote controlled buggy. He has a green body with blue splash decals on the front. RC speaks in "revving" sounds (he can't talk, but Potato Head and the toys can understand his motor sounds). RC stands for "Radio Controlled." RC is a playable character in the Toy Story Racer Video Game.
In "Toy Story," RC was fascinated with Buzz's features. When Woody becomes really jealous, he calls out to Buzz that there is a toy (a magic 8 ball) trapped underneath the desk. Woody sneaks over to RC, starts him up, and tried to hit Buzz but misses. However, RC hits a board instead, causing thumbtacks on the board to fall and a globe to roll. Buzz falls out a window when the globe hits a red lamp and swings around and hits him. RC says to the other toys that Woody pushed Buzz out the window on purpose. RC then turns on Woody and thinks that he murdered Buzz. When Woody went to the moving van, he got RC out of the box and pushes him into the street and controlled him to rescue Buzz during the moving scene at the end of the film. After the toys mistakenly think that Woody is trying to get rid of RC, they toss Woody out of the moving truck into the street. RC finds Buzz hiding under the car in the streets and is thrilled to see him. Buzz controlled RC to catch Woody. Woody switched the remote to turbo mode to catch up with the truck, but RC's batteries deplete, causing him to slow down and finally stop. When Woody lights the rocket taped onto Buzz's back, Woody and Buzz hold onto RC as they rocket toward the truck, but the force of the rocket lifts Woody up from RC. Nevertheless, Woody manages to toss RC back into the truck (knocking Mr. Potato Head apart in the process) before he and Buzz go skyrocketing into the air.
In "Toy Story 2," RC had a very minor role. He was used when Andy played with his toys. With Buzz riding him, he crashed into Evil Dr. Porkchop and knocked him down. He isn't seen again until the end of the film, when he watched Wheezy sing "You've Got a Friend in Me."
RC didn't appear in "Toy Story 3," since he was most likely sold in a yard sale along with Bo Peep and some other unfortunate toys and appears only in archive footage.
Wheezy.
Wheezy (also known as Wheezy the Penguin) is a rubber squeeze toy penguin with a red bow tie.
In "Toy Story 2," Wheezy is introduced when Woody finds him on the shelf, where Andy's mom had put him intending to fix his broken squeaker, then forgot about him. He is about to be sold at the yard sale, and in saving him, Woody ends up falling so that he is stuck at the yard sale himself and subsequently stolen by Al. At the end of the film, he gets a new "squeaker" and sings "You've Got a Friend in Me," the ending theme of the movie. During the outtakes, he describes himself as "not a good catcher" as he fails to catch Mike's microphone thus hurting himself several times.
Wheezy does not directly appear in "Toy Story 3" as he was sold in a yard sale after "Toy Story 2," as mentioned by Woody, but he does appear in footage of Andy as a boy. Wheezy appears in the "Toy Story 3" video game, where he is voiced by Phil LaMarr in toy box mode along with Bo Peep.
Etch.
Etch is an Etch-A-Sketch magic screen by Ohio Art Company. Etch can draw quickly and accurately. Such sketches include guns, portraits of Buzz, Woody and Al, Hangman nooses, and even semi-complicated maps. This is his form of communication as he is unable to talk.
In "Toy Story", Woody compliments Etch's art by saying that he has the fastest knobs in the west. He was also seen in the background many times, such as during the staff meetings and during Andy's birthday and Christmas gift opening scenes. He became fascinated with Buzz during the middle of the film when he sketched a portrait of him. Angered by this, Woody erased it.
In "Toy Story 2", Etch was seen helping Hamm, Mr. Potato Head and the gang to identify Woody's kidnapper, Al. Later on, when the toys were surfing channels to find the location on how to find Al's Toy Barn, Etch is seen in the back as he was ready to draw a map for Buzz. Near the end of the movie, sometime before Andy comes back from cowboy camp, Etch, as well as the rest of the toys (then including Jessie, Bullseye, and the Aliens), were aligned to welcome Andy home, with a "Welcome Home, Andy" sign written on Etch.
Etch was sold in yard sale years after the second "Toy Story", was mentioned by Woody, and only appeared in the archive footage of Andy as a kid in "Toy Story 3".
Mr. Spell.
Mr. Spell is based on a popular 1970s Speak & Spell toy by Texas Instruments. He frequently holds or has held seminars on a variety of topics such as "plastic corrosion awareness" and "what to do if you or part of you is swallowed." He also reveals the words he is saying.
When Andy's friends came to his birthday party, the toys panicked in thinking that they might be replaced with new toys and Mr. Spell, along with basically everyone else aside from Woody, ran to the window in panic to see the size of the presents. Then later, when Andy's friends were running up to his room, Woody told everyone to go back to their places and the toys began to scatter and Mr. Spell can be seen in the overhead shot running in fright and then again behind Mr. Potato Head.
In "Toy Story 2," when Buster finds Woody, Mr. Spell displays 13.5, the amount of time in seconds it has elapsed for Buster to find Woody, setting a new record. Later, after Woody is stolen from a yard sale, Buzz uses Mr. Spell to help Andy's toys figure out who has stolen Woody.
Mr. Spell does not appear in "Toy Story 3". He was sold in a yard sale along with Bo Beep, RC, Etch, Wheezy, and Rocky.
Rocky Gibraltar.
Rocky Gibraltar, more simply referred to as Rocky, is a figure of a heavyweight wrestler, probably based on Wrestling Superstars collectible wrestling figures made by Hasbro. He is the second strongest toy in Andy's room, after Buzz Lightyear. In the first movie, he is seen lifting weights (Tinker Toys) with Snake, Buzz, Mr. Potato Head, and Rex. Rocky lifts the heaviest weights out of all of Andy's toys. As with Troll, Rocky is silent and plays a minor role in the movies, but he can speak in the Disney Adventures comics and in the Toy Story Activity Center CD-ROM game from Disney Interactive. In the Activity Center computer game, he can be seen on the top shelf playing cards with Hamm and speaks in third-person, saying, "Rocky needs to work on brain muscles." He is one of the toys who stand against Woody, who accidentally knocked Buzz off a window. After Woody throws RC off the moving truck, Rocky, under Mr. Potato Head's orders, spins Woody in the air and later tosses him off the truck personally. But when the toys realize that Woody's only use of RC is to help Buzz onto the truck, Bo Peep calls Rocky who then redeems himself by lowering the truck's ramp for them.
In "Toy Story 2," Rocky, along with Sarge's toy soldiers, tries to hold back the door to prevent Buster from entering, but Buster rams the door open, causing Rocky and the soldiers to go flying. Rocky is also seen holding Wheezy as Wheezy begs Buzz to rescue Woody and when waving Buzz and his rescue squad goodbye as they leave on their mission. At the end of the movie, Rocky is seen enjoying Wheezy's rendition of "You've Got a Friend in Me." He only appears in the third film via archive footage of Andy as a child.
Rocky's name and a logo on his championship belt are references to the Rock of Gibraltar. Rocky is a playable character in the Toy Story Racer Video Game.
Lenny.
Lenny (often known as Lenny the Binoculars) is a pair of wind up binoculars. He is used as binoculars by the other toys in various situations and is talkative when he warns the toys what he sees on his watch. Joe Ranft voiced the character in the first film. Lenny does not speak in "Toy Story 2", unlike the first film, and his role is more minor. Buzz uses Lenny to keep watch on Woody during the events at the yard sale until Al McWhiggin of Al's Toy Barn steals Woody. Lenny does not appear in "Toy Story 3", but appears in archive footage from when Andy was young. Lenny, along with Bo Peep, RC, Wheezy, Rocky, Etch, Mr. Spell, and others, were sold, possibly at a yard sale, before "Toy Story 3". Lenny is a playable character in the "Toy Story Racer" video game.
Bonnie's toys.
These characters are the toys owned by Bonnie in "Toy Story 3".
Chuckles.
Chuckles (voiced by Bud Luckey) is a brokenhearted clown who was once owned by Daisy (along with Lotso and Big Baby), and is later owned by Bonnie. He is first seen mournfully looking out the kitchen window in Bonnie's house, where he tells Woody about Lotso's past, stating that Lotso used to be a good friend. Chuckles explains that he, Lotso, and Big Baby were accidentally left behind on a trip with Daisy's family, and when they finally made it back to Daisy's house, both him and Lotso discovered that Lotso had been replaced, which caused Lotso to snap. Chuckles objected when Lotso claimed all three had been replaced, but Lotso silenced him, and lied to Big Baby, saying that Daisy didn't love him anymore. After the three found their way to Sunnyside and Lotso took over, running it like a prison, Chuckles was damaged and Bonnie found him and took him home. He still feels sorry for what happened to Lotso, but knows that what Lotso is doing at Sunnyside is wrong. He gives Woody a pendant (which belonged to Big Baby) that says "My heart belongs to Daisy," which later leads Big Baby to discover Lotso's deception and turn on him. In one of the end credits sequences, Chuckles sees a crayon-drawn picture of him, and Dolly says that "Bonnie really got your smile," making Chuckles happy again.
Chuckles returns in the short film "Hawaiian Vacation" and he sings a Hawaiian love song while playing a ukelele when Barbie and Ken get their recreated Hawaiian adventures. He also appears in "Small Fry."
Mr. Pricklepants.
Mr. Pricklepants (voiced by Timothy Dalton) is a stuffed hedgehog. He wears lederhosen and a Tyrolean hat, and views himself as a thespian. Mr. Pricklepants was made in Germany (although he speaks with an English accent and actor's diction, which may also refer to his previous role in "The Rocketeer" as a German character whilst the actor Dalton who portrayed him is actually British) and is from the Waldfreunde (Forest Friends) collection of premium imported plush toys, presumably a reference to Steiff plush toys. Throughout "Toy Story 3", he expresses great interest in theater arts and in the same respect, takes the art of role playing as a child's toy very seriously. Buttercup refers to him sarcastically as "Baron von Shush" due to his habit of "shushing" the other toys when they break character. Before the film ends, he is seen walking and talking with Hamm. During the credits, he plays Romeo, with one of the aliens playing Juliet.
Mr. Pricklepants reappears in the short films "Hawaiian Vacation", "Small Fry", and "Partysaurus Rex".
Trixie.
Trixie (voiced by Kristen Schaal) is a blue toy "Triceratops." who may be of the same toyline as Rex. During one of Bonnie's toys' improv sessions, she mentions coming from the doctor with "life-changing news." She chats online with "a dinosaur toy down the street" who goes by the name "Velocistar237." She becomes best friends with Rex during the credits, playing cooperatively on a computer.
Trixie reappears in the short films "Hawaiian Vacation." "Small Fry," and "Partysaurus Rex."
Buttercup.
Buttercup (voiced by Jeff Garlin) A white unicorn with a yellow mane and a pink nose. Despite his appearance, he has a very gruff voice and sarcastic personality. He is the first to introduce himself to Woody when Bonnie brings him home, and tells Woody, along with Trixie, Dolly, Mr. Pricklepants, and Chuckles, about Lotso's evil agenda. He later appears at the end of the movie, now very close friends with Hamm.
He also appears in Small Fry, Hawaiian Vacation, and Partysaurus Rex.
Dolly.
Dolly (voiced by Bonnie Hunt) is a soft dress-up rag doll with purple hair, googly-eyes, an orange dress with buttons sewn on, and gently blushing cheeks. She helps Woody get back to Sunnyside Daycare Center with the rest of Andy's toys. In the "Toy Story 3" video game, she is seen as a witch. It is indicated that she is the leader of Bonnie's toys. 
Dolly appears in the theatrical short films "Hawaiian Vacation", "Small Fry", and "Partysaurus Rex".
Peas-in-a-Pod.
Voiced by
Peas-in-a-Pod are three soft, plush green balls in a green zip-up case that looks like a pea pod, hence the name. They are based on the Vegimals peas. They have the personalities of small children, and their names are Peaty, Peatrice, and Peanelope. They are one of Nora and Nita's close relatives who they love dearly because they were supposed to be one of Jillian's adoptive children but Bonnie successfully kidnapped the peas and kept them for herself which angered Jillian.
The Peas-in-a-Pod reappear in the short film "Hawaiian Vacation", all voiced this time by Zoe Levin. They also appear in "Small Fry".
Totoro.
The title character from "My Neighbor Totoro", who is also the mascot of Studio Ghibli, appears as one of Bonnie's toys. He is a big plush toy and does not speak at all during the film, nor is he spoken to by anyone by his name. He does however display his famous grin during the credit scenes, and at the end of the film, he is seen juggling the alien triplets, while Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head watch. According to the tie-in book, "The Art of Toy Story 3", Totoro's appearance in the film was meant to be a tribute to Hayao Miyazaki, who is a close friend of Pixar executive John Lasseter. In addition to Lasseter's relationship to Miyazaki, another factor that contributed to Totoro's appearance was Disney's role in dubbing Studio Ghibli films for their English-language releases.
Sid and Hannah's toys.
The following toys are only seen in the first film.
Combat Carl.
Combat Carl is a recurring G.I. Joe-type toy character. He first appears as Sid's doll who's blown up by a huge M-80, in Sid's first scene (technically dead). He is later seen as pieces coming out of the ground to frighten Sid.
Combat Carl later appears in Toy Story of Terror, voiced by Carl Weathers. However, he is shown to be a more different character than the one that appeared in the first film: as opposed to being Caucasian, this Combat Carl is African-American in appearance. He and several toys once belonged to a boy named Billy until they were stolen by the manager of Sleep Wells Motels when Billy and his family were visiting the motel. In the television special, Carl spends most of his time to avoid being caught and had lost his right hand to the manager's pet iguana. Following the arrival of Bonnie's toys, Carl tries to help them to avoid being taken, but fails and ends up being captured along with them. However, when Jessie escapes, she tries to rescue Woody from being sold, but had to face her claustrophobia, which Carl inspired her to do so. Jessie finally manage to recover Carl's missing hand while secretly exposing the manager's scheme to Bonnie and her mother, who then calls the police to arrest the manager for stealing her child's toys. Carl and the rest of Billy's toys then took the opportunity to escape from the motels. In the end, Carl reattaches his missing hand and he and Billy's toys board on a mail truck, presumably to get back to Billy's house for good. Another interesting note about this character is that he refers to himself in the third person.
Mutant toys.
The Mutant Toys are unfortunate, mutilated toys who live their unhappy lives in the darkest corners of Sid's room. They are assembled by Sid from mixed pieces of several toys that belong to him and Hannah (hence the baby doll's parts). They don't talk (probably due to the mutilations they suffered); though it is revealed they know morse code. They also look horrifying (in fact, Woody and Buzz think they're cannibals who are going to eat them), but they actually are friendly and timid. They fix Buzz's broken arm (as well as repairing Janie and the Pterodactyl) and also help Woody realize his plan to save Buzz from the clutches of Sid. They close in on Sid as Woody tells Sid how much they hate being mutilated, and they all rejoice in victory after Woody frightens Sid away with his own voice. In "Toy Story Treats", the Mutant Toys appear in Andy's house (it was unknown if they were visiting, or if Andy adopted them).
Additionally, when Sid is attacked, there can be seen a bunch of other broken toys, including a chewed Squeeze Toy Alien (the one that Sid gave to Scud), a burned rag doll (who repeatedly utters "Mama!"), a huge red pickup truck, an armless yellow soldier with a nail in his head, and a headless yellow soldier with a broken leg.
Toy characters by location.
Al's Toy Barn and apartment.
Shown in a Buzz Lightyear commercial in "Toy Story", this section contains characters from "Toy Story 2". Al's Toy Barn appears in "".
Stinky Pete the Prospector.
Stinky Pete, also known The Prospector, is a prospector doll and one of the main antagonists of "Toy Story 2". He is a toy modeled after a character on the fictional television show, "Woody's Roundup," where the characters consists of Sheriff Woody, Jessie, Stinky Pete, and Bullseye. The Prospector doll seen in the film had never been opened and was still "Mint in the Box" making him sought after by collectors.
In contrast to the character on the show, Stinky Pete is quite intelligent, manipulative, and well-spoken and, when he first appears, he seems to be a grandfather figure and mentor. However, he becomes embittered due to having never been sold until Al McWhiggin eventually found him. Stinky Pete also bears a particular grudge against space toys, like Buzz Lightyear, whom he blames for causing the show to be canceled after the launch of Sputnik, which caused children all over America to lose their interest in cowboy toys, shifting their interest to space adventures instead.
Years after being purchased, Stinky Pete would spend years in storage while Al bought more toys and advertisements from "Woody's Roundup." After Al stole Woody, Stinky Pete and Jessie were excited because now they could go to the Konishi Toy Museum in Japan, where they will be treated with respect. Woody reveals that he has an owner named Andy Davis, infuriating Jessie, and leading the Prospector to make a goal and make sure Woody does not go back to Andy at any cost, despite that he is now aware that Al actually stole Woody and that he still belongs to Andy.
When Al accidentally rips off Woody's arm, Stinky Pete secretly leaves his box and sabotages Woody's attempt to recover his arm by turning the TV on to prevent Woody from returning to Andy. He frames Jessie for this by putting the TV remote near her before returning to his box and pretends that he "doesn't know" how the TV turned on. He later convinces Woody to wait until his arm is fixed in the morning, to which is done after Al calls in a cleaner. After Woody's arm is fixed, Stinky Pete convinces Woody after a story that Jessie tells him about her old owner, that Andy won't play with him anymore when he goes to college, but in Japan, Woody will be treasured forever which makes him agree to stay with them, rather than go back to Andy, much to Stinky Pete's and Jessie's delight.
However, Woody's friends arrive during a celebration of going to Japan and they try to convince Woody to return to Andy but Woody angrily refuses, which result in the toys sadly saying goodbye and leaving. However, before leaving, Buzz says an upset goodbye to Woody by saying that he'll be staying behind glass forever and not being loved again if he chooses to go to Japan, leaving Woody to think over his choice. However, Woody has a change of heart, and tells Buzz that he is coming with them, and invites his friends to come with him to Andy's house.
Stinky Pete is angered with Woody leaving with Jessie and Bullseye back to Andy's house, and sabotages Woody's attempts, which caused Woody to figure out that it was the prospector who turned on the TV the previous night and not Jessie. He sees unpopular toys like him and the Roundup Gang doomed to either always ending up in storage or "spending a lifetime on a dime store shelf watching every other toy be sold," similar to his fate before Al found him. He also sees children as destroyers of toys whose ultimate fate will be "spending eternity rotting in some landfill". This makes him all the more determined to go to the Tokyo museum and become an exhibit for the rest of his life, unlike Woody and Jessie.
When Stinky Pete punches Buzz off the ramp at the airport, Woody then fights Stinky Pete for harming his friend, but Stinky Pete attempts to finish him off, assuring him that he will be fixed again in Japan. Fortunately, the other toys blind and stun Stinky Pete with flash cameras that the toys found after they confused another green luggage to be Woody's. Buzz, having survived the fall, captures Stinky Pete and Woody instructs Buzz and the other toys to dump Stinky Pete into a Barbie doll backpack that belongs to a little girl named Amy, who enjoys decorating her dolls' faces with tattoos, as punishment and revenge for his betrayal, knowing it will make him learn the true meaning of playtime. Upon learning of Amy's occupations of decorating her dolls, Stinky Pete starts to weep as he is taken to his new owner's home. Ironically, this fate is a rectification of a past injustice done to Stinky Pete. Since much of his anger came from never being sold nor even being opened; now he is finally being owned by a child after waiting 50 years.
However, after the film's release, the film's website featured interviews with the characters. In Stinky Pete's interview, he has reformed and said that he has become accustomed to Amy decorating him, as well of being fond of Amy herself.
Stinky Pete doesn't appear in the third film, though he seems to accurately predicts the events of the third film. He asks Woody if Andy will take him to college, and later tells the rest of the toys that children destroy toys, which occurs in the Sunnyside Daycare, and that they'll end up in a landfill, where the toys are narrowly rescued from the incinerator after an escape attempt. Stinky Pete once questions Woody about Andy not playing with Woody anymore when Andy goes to college, but in "Toy Story 3", his prediction nearly comes true.
According to his box, Stinky Pete had only a total of 9 sayings. In one outtake, Stinky Pete is seen talking to two Barbie dolls in the box, promising them a role in the third film (in a funny turn of events, Barbie "did" appear in the third film as a titular character), implying that he may have learned some acting tips before. In another outtake, while giving Woody a choice to go back to Andy's home or stay, Stinky Pete suffers a bout of flatulence, where he later implies to be the reason for his nickname.
Despite not appearing in the third film, Stinky Pete does appear in the Toy Box Mode of "."
According to the DVD commentary, the Pixar team had deliberated for a while what the proper comeuppance for the Prospector would be before it was decided for him to be placed in a Barbie bag with a face-painted Barbie.
Utility Belt Buzz.
Utility Belt Buzz, also known as "Buzz #2" or "The New Buzz" (in the books based on "Toy Story 2" to tell the two Buzz toys apart), is a Buzz Lightyear action figure, one of the latest in its line, and wears a special, limited-edition anti-gravitational belt from the Buzz Lightyear Attack On Zurg Game. When Andy's Buzz Lightyear sees this new belt, knowing that Andy would be pleased, he decides that he wants one too; he then makes a foolish attempt to steal it off Buzz #2. Immediately as Buzz tries to swipe the belt for himself, he is arrested by Buzz #2. Like a "real" Buzz in the first film, he believes that he is a real Buzz Lightyear space ranger. However, he is aware that there are hundreds of other Buzz Lightyear "space ranger toys" like himself (and recognizes the original Buzz as a fellow space ranger), but he thinks that they're in cryogenic stasis.
After trapping Andy's Buzz in a box, he is mistaken for the real Buzz by the gang. When Rex mentions that he knows how to defeat Emperor Zurg- having recently acquired a walkthrough guide for the "Buzz Lightyear" video game that he's been stuck on, Buzz #2 quickly decides to tag along. While the gang search Al's Toy Barn with Buzz #2, they become increasingly suspicious of his cocky attitude ("I'm Buzz Lightyear! I'm always sure!") and strange actions, until they are finally reunited with Andy's Buzz, who defuses his counterpart's confusion by claiming that the situation is a 'Code 546' (Precisely what this involves is unknown, but it prompted Buzz #2 to refer to Woody as "Your Majesty").
Heading to the elevator on the way down, they encounter a savage Emperor Zurg toy and Buzz #2 engages him in battle. When Buzz #2 claims Zurg killed his father, Zurg responds he "is" his father, causing Buzz #2 to scream in dismay (a parody of "The Empire Strikes Back"). Rex defeats Zurg by accident, sending him falling off the elevator to his apparent doom by knocking him off-balance with his tail when he turns away as Zurg prepares to shoot Buzz #2, upsetting him. He is last seen playing catch with his "dad," the Zurg toy, whose attitude towards the other Buzz has changed after the fall.
Evil Emperor Zurg.
Evil Emperor Zurg is a space villain action figure and Buzz Lightyear's archenemy. He has red evil eyes with neon gritting teeth, silver horns on his head, a purple tunic with a black cape on it and his weapon, a gun (which has a power control that, as an homage to "This is Spinal Tap", goes to 11). In some cases, he does not have a gun but a hand like the one on his other arm. In the first film, Zurg is a referenced character, and does not appear at all. However, Zurg is first seen in the opening sequence of the second film when Buzz is trying to take his main power away from him (Zurg's main power is from an AA battery which is actually revealed to be a hologram). In the ensuing battle, Zurg vaporizes the top half of Buzz Lightyear's body with his gun killing him. The sequence then cuts showing that the opening sequence was actually a video game played by Rex. As the story progresses, a Zurg toy in Al's Toy Barn bursts out from its box and follows Andy's Buzz Lightyear, who is on the way to rescue Woody from Al McWhiggin. Zurg is deluded, similar to Andy's Buzz in the first film. In the second film, another copy of Buzz Lightyear, who also acts similar to Buzz in the first film, escapes from Al's Toy Barn and battles with Zurg (who says exactly the same thing he said in the video game before the fight) using toy components (pin balls and lights). In a reference to the relationship of Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, the principal hero and villain respectively of the original Star Wars trilogy, Evil Emperor Zurg claims he is in fact the father of Buzz, in an almost word-for-word parody of the scene in "". As Zurg attempts to finish off Buzz #2 (at point-blank range), Rex accidentally hits Zurg with his large tail, sending him falling down the elevator shaft. The second Buzz then looks over the shaft and reaches his hand out, thinking he has lost his father, while Rex is excited that he has finally managed to defeat Zurg in real life. Near the end of the film, Zurg is seen to have survived his fall with a bent horn and is now playing catch with the Buzz copy. He supposedly bumped his head so hard so as he forgot he was Buzz Lightyear's worst enemy. The second Buzz Lightyear then says, "Oh, you're a great dad!" as he rushes to catch another ball fired by Zurg.
Zurg is mentioned in the third film by Buzz in his bad guy character after Lotso resets him to Demo mode. Zurg appears briefly during a sequence in the end credits, where he is donated to Sunnyside Daycare center and greeted by Stretch.
Zurg also appears in "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" and its direct-to-video movie "". Zurg says he is Lightyear's father during a fight in order to shock Lightyear, before regaining the advantage during the fight and then denying the truth of that previous claim. Whether or not this is actually true, Buzz definitely does not know who his father is. This version of Zurg is also severely lightened up, going from the movie's Darth Vader-esque version to a far less intimidating one; in the TV series Zurg is a flamboyant villain who is just as much a comic relief character as he is a formidable opponent, similar to Skeletor. This Zurg is known for videotaping Buzz's speeches, maintaining a troll doll collection, and various other comedic habits. He is shown to have a bit of a British accent throughout the series. It is revealed in the first episode that there is a Nana Zurg, but she is never seen at all (although he claims that she's "plenty evil"). Zurg would appear to be a cyborg of some description, also much like Darth Vader. However, it has also been discussed amongst fans that his "cybernetic" traits could also very well be because of advanced technology. There is yet to be a clear answer.
In the TV series, he is the warlord-like ruler of an evil empire and is in command of an army of Hornet robots, as well of a minion workforce consisting of Grubs and Brainpods. The seat of which is the hellish Planet Z (standing for Xrghthung). In various media surrounding the film, his planet is said to be called Xrghthung. However, because this is unpronounceable in the TV series it is changed to simply "Z." It is unknown whether Zurg rules over any other worlds, but, if he does, they have not been revealed. Planet Z evidently possesses vast resources and forces enabling Zurg to be a serious threat to the Galactic Alliance. Despite being frequently gullible and bungling, Zurg is evidently highly intelligent, able to concoct sound military tactics and Machiavellian evil schemes. Additionally, he occasionally references stereotypes of typical evil villains and intentionally violates them, showing how aware he is of his similarity to them. For example, when designing a vast prison on Planet Z, he declines building an execution arena, for it simply "gives the captives more time to get away." When he was designing a schematic for a new base, he expressedly forbade for air vents that allow "hero-sized objects" into the control room. "And, may I remind you, no giant trash compactor! When heroes fall in, they always have enough time to figure a way out. Make it- an incinerator!"
Despite his camp nature, he is just as fearsome and ruthless as his movie counterpart. Zurg is frequently mentioned to be the most evil villain in the galaxy and appears to possess authority over all other villains. In fact, he would appear to be a physical manifestation of pure evil. He is particularly proud of this and frequently brags of how "evil" he is. He is a parody of Darth Vader on Star Wars, Darkseid on DC Comics, Ming the Merciless and Megatron on Transformers.
Zurg appears as a playable character in "" on the PlayStation 3 in Toy Box Mode after completing several missions. He also has a convertible (The ZurgsMobile) that matches his personality.
Tour Guide Barbie.
Tour Guide Barbie is a Barbie doll initially from Al's Toy Barn in "Toy Story 2". She and all of the other Barbie dolls in the film are voiced by Jodi Benson. When Hamm, Slinky Dog, Rex and Mr. Potato Head come upon the Barbie aisle at Al's Toy Barn while searching for Woody, Tour Guide Barbie hops into the toy car they are driving. She gives the toys a tour in the toy barn and helps them locate Buzz Lightyear (they actually find a different, 'limited-edition' Buzz Lightyear). After the outtakes of the film, Tour Guide Barbie waves goodbye to the audience until her face hurts from smiling. She then leaves for a break.
Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots.
Two fighting robots, red and blue, that Al has on his desk in his office inside Al's Toy Barn. When Buzz Lightyear (Buzz 2 now) and the toys come to the office, Slinky asks them if they've seen Woody (describing as "a cowboy doll with a bad arm"). The Blue first politely responds that he hasn't, leaving the Red and the Blue to argue over who was being asked. They then fight each other with the Blue defeating the Red. They are voiced by John Lasseter (Blue) and Lee Unkrich (Red).
They can also be seen in Bob Parr's office in "The Incredibles".
Hot Wheels.
A hot wheels track and cars can been seen in the first 2 films where Woody and Buzz can be seen using the cars as skateboards and the track as a ramp to safely get from the desk to the floor. The track set is based on the Hot Wheels Stunt Action Set from 1968. The 2 cars that were used are the Hot wheels "Classic Nomad" and "Red Barron" both originally released in 1970.
Sunnyside Daycare.
These characters appear in "Toy Story 3" and live at Sunnyside Daycare.
Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear.
Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear (Lotso for short), voiced by Ned Beatty is a plush, purple teddy bear with a big plum nose, a sweet strawberry scent and a southern accent, who uses a wooden toy mallet as a cane and is the leader of the toys at the Sunnyside Daycare Center. He initially acts like a kind-hearted and wise caretaker, but is later revealed to be more of a ruthless warden, although his backstory makes him more of a tragic villain. 
In "Toy Story 3", he welcomes Andy's toys to Sunnyside and assigns them to the Caterpillar Room, where they are roughly played with by the youngest children. At Bonnie's house, Woody realizes from Chuckles that he, along with Lotso and Big Baby, were once owned and loved by a girl named Daisy. Lotso became Daisy's favorite toy when she unwrapped him on Christmas. During their time with Daisy, Lotso was considered a kind-hearted friend to both Chuckles and Big Baby. One day, Daisy and her family had a picnic in the countryside. When she fell asleep, her parents put her into the car and drove away, accidentally leaving the toys behind. Lotso led his two friends on a long trek back to Daisy's house, only to discover that Daisy had gotten another Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear. Lotso became embittered, convinced Big Baby and Chuckles that they had been replaced, and they leave Daisy's home. Later, Lotso discovered the Sunnyside Daycare Center and turned it into an internment camp for toys. Big Baby took on the role of Lotso's enforcer while Chuckles was found by Bonnie and is taken home.
Meanwhile, Lotso's minions catch Buzz outside of the Caterpillar Room and restrain him in the library where Lotso comes in, having learned that Buzz is actually requesting a transfer of himself and the rest of Andy's toys to the Butterfly Room. Thinking of Buzz to be useful to him, Lotso grants it only to him, stating that the kids going to the Caterpillar Room really need some toys to play with. Buzz understands what Lotso meant, but respectfully refuses, saying that he and the rest of Andy's toys stay together as a family. Lotso then orders his henchmen to switch to Buzz's demo mode. He manipulates Buzz into imprisoning the rest of the Andy's toys with the help of the minions.
When Woody returns, he works on a plan to turn Buzz back to himself, but they reset to Spanish (and was later set back to play mode). Andy's toys work on their plan to escape the daycare center. Lotso corners them and gives a last offer for them to stay at Sunnyside just as a garbage truck comes along. Woody brings up the subject of Daisy, leading into an argument between him and the stuffed bear. Woody throws out Big Baby's "Daisy" name-tag, causing Big Baby to regain his memory of Daisy, but Lotso destroys it and reveals his true feelings about toys: that they are trash waiting to be thrown away, destroyed, and forgotten. Outraged by this act of treachery, Big Baby turns against Lotso and throws him into the dumpster. Seeking revenge, Lotso pulls Woody in with him, forcing Woody's friends to follow them to the landfill.
At the landfill, the toys end up on a conveyor belt leading to a shredder. Finding Lotso stuck under a large golf bag, Woody and Buzz rescue him and escape the shredder, only to find they have ended up on another belt leading to an incinerator. As they are about to reach the incinerator, Lotso sees an emergency stop button, and with Woody and Buzz's help, manages to reach it. However, rather than pushing the button, he leaves them to their deaths, as he's still evil on the inside and believes that all toys are meant to be trash waiting to be destroyed and forgotten. As the toys resign themselves to their fate, the Squeeze Toy Aliens save them by grabbing them from the rubble with a giant crane claw. Woody talks Hamm and Slinky out of seeking revenge against Lotso, knowing that the dump is the right place for Lotso of his selfishness. Lotso (who is unaware that the toys are still alive) is eventually found by a garbage man, who recalls that he once had a Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear as a kid, and straps Lotso to the grill of a garbage truck with three other toys before driving away.
Lotso was originally going to be in the first film, but the technology to make the fur right had yet to exist for the first and second films, so he was saved for the third film. An early version of Lotso can be seen in the first film when Woody says, "Everybody hear me? Up on the shelf, can you hear me? Great!" and can be seen in the second film at Al's Toy Barn. Test audiences who had sympathized with Lotso for his backstory had wanted him to push the button in the incinerator scene to redeem himself.
However, according to the DVD commentary, director Lee Unkrich explained that Lotso not pushing the button to save the Toys was meant for the audience to really care about the characters after three films of getting to know them when it looked like it was the end for them in the incinerator. The Pixar team took note of the people's concerns and made Lotso to be an outright, selfish liar. Lotso also makes an appearance in Pixar's 2009 movie "Up" in a little girl's room in the city were Mr. Fredricksen's house goes by in the bottom left corner in the shadow of the bed.
Lotso is the only primary Toy Story villain to be incapable of redemption, unlike Sid Phillips (who has become a more sane human being after seeing his toys come to life and eventually became a garbageman as an adult) and Stinky Pete (who has turned over a new leaf after getting accustomed to his new owner, Amy).
Ned Beatty was nominated for an MTV Movie Award for Best Villain for his performance as Lotso, and Pixar and he received widespread praise for the character's back story and Beatty's performance. IGN named Lotso the best villain of the summer of 2010.
Ken.
Ken (voiced by Michael Keaton) is a smooth-talking doll who falls in love with Barbie. He first appears wearing light blue pleated and cuffed shorts, and a tucked-in leopard-print shirt with short sleeves. His accessories include matching ascot, sensible loafers and a fashion-forward gold belt. He lives in Ken's Dreamhouse, a big yellow doll house with three stories, a large wardrobe room, and an elevator. Barbie originally breaks up with Ken when she finds him, Lotso, and a reset Buzz Lightyear locking up her friends. Piqued, Ken orders her locked up as well.
However, as part of a plan to escape, she pretends to forgive Ken, gaining access to his dream house. Barbie then ties Ken hostage to try to get him to reveal how to reset Buzz back to normal. As a provocation, she rips his clothing apart. Ken reveals the truth after she begins to sabotage his Nehru jacket. He is not seen again until Lotso has the toys cornered at the dumpster. Ken comes to Barbie's help by trying to stop Lotso, having realized Barbie through her understanding of civics. Lotso tells Ken "there are 100,000,000 others just like her", but Ken insists that for him, there is no one else like her, and wins back her affections.
In the end credits of the film, he and Barbie are seen greeting new toys at Sunnyside as Barbie becomes his girlfriend again, and they both take charge of the Sunnyside toys as the new leaders. He resembles a real doll from 1988 called Animal Lovin' Ken. Due to being called a "girl's toy," it is often joked about his femininity: such as his large selection and obsession with clothes, him wearing Barbie's scarf, his rather feminine boxer-shorts, Bookworm not being suspicious seeing who he believed being Ken (Barbie in a spacesuit outfit) in high heels, as well as at the end Buzz believing Barbie wrote them the fancy note, only to discover Ken's signature at the end.
Ken, along with Barbie, appears in the theatrical short, "Hawaiian Vacation", in which the two embark on a journey to Hawaii, but ends up in Bonnie's room, where Woody and the other toys reenact various Hawaiian scenes.
Big Baby.
Big Baby is a Bitty Baby doll with a lazy eye who carries around a bottle and is adorned with childlike scribbling that resembles ferocious tattoos. He was once one of Daisy's toys before he, Lotso, and Chuckles were lost at a rest area. After returning home, Lotso lied to Big Baby that she replaced them and arrived at Sunnyside. While there, Lotso took full control and Big Baby acted as his second-in-command and enforcer at Sunnyside. Eventually, Woody reveals to Lotso that Daisy still cared about them, causing Big Baby to regain his memory of his former owner, whom he called "Mama". Lotso insults and bullies Big Baby for his attachment to Daisy and destroys the name tag. Angered by that, Big Baby throws him in the dumpster, blows him a raspberry, and helps Woody and his friends escape Sunnyside.
In the credits, Big Baby is shown to be having a happier time at Sunnyside under Barbie and Ken's care and is seen happily hugging and spinning the couple. At a party at Sunnyside he is shown wearing gold just like Barbie and Ken. The baby who provided the voice for Big Baby is named "Woody," according to Lee Unkrich's Twitter account, and the film's credits confirm it as being Woody Smith (listed under Additional Voices).
Twitch.
Twitch (voiced by John Cygan) is a green "insectaloid warrior" action figure with a bug's head, orange eyes with ferocious chomping mandibles, wings, and two muscular arms. He is one of the toy thugs working for Lotso. He helps to reprogram Buzz, and later apprehends Andy's other toys. He keeps a search light working in the playground. He and Sparks "break" the Chatter telephone before he is convinced of Lotso's evil by Woody and Ken. Because of how Lotso abused Big Baby, Twitch reforms and is seen living in a happier Sunnyside. In the credits, he is shown happily enduring playtime with the young children in the Caterpillar Room, switching with Chunk so he can rest.
Twitch is reminiscent of the 1980s "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" toy line, and other similar lines.
Stretch.
Stretch (voiced by Whoopi Goldberg) is a toy rubber octopus with sticky suckers on her eight long arms and a glittery, purple body. She is Lotso's only henchwoman, and at first welcomes the toys, but later helps capture them with her elastic tentacles. With her cohorts, she later catches Woody and his friends, and was eager to push them into the dumpster, should they not admit defeat. Stretch was seen to be the first toy to doubt Lotso's leadership and motives, as she was seen to visibly cringe at Lotso's true character being revealed. After Lotso destroys Big Baby's locket, he angrily orders Stretch to push Woody and his friends into the dumpster, which Stretch is now reluctant to do, causing Lotso to reveal his true feelings about all toys. Eventually, Lotso is thrown into the dumpster by Big Baby for his lies and treachery, and Stretch immediately leaves the area, shocked at what had happened but relieved. In the credits, she welcomes new toys happily without Lotso and is later seen sneaking a message to Woody and the gang in Bonnie's backpack. She is based on a purple Wacky WallWalker toy from the 1980s.
Chunk.
Chunk (voiced by Jack Angel) is an orange muscular rock monster toy. He has two red eyes when fierce, blue eyes when he's friendly, huge fists, and a face that you can change by rolling it up or down to a different facial expression or pressing a button at the top of his head. He welcomes the toys to Sunnyside, but later helps Lotso and Buzz imprison them. He then is convinced of Lotso's deception when he punches Big Baby, and is seen helping Woody and his friends climb to safety with Big Baby. In the credits, he is seen taking the abuse of the younger children, later taking a rest while Twitch takes his place. He is based on the short lived Rock Lords toyline.
Chunk is not very intelligent: During a gambling scene, he describes Buzz as "He ain't the sharpest knife in the...place...where they...keep the knives". He enjoys teasing Ken since during the gambling scene he called him a "girl's toy."
Sparks.
Sparks (voiced by Jan Rabson) is a blue, silver and red toy robot with flashing red eyes, red claws, and a blaster cavity in his chest that spits out real sparks when he is rolling around on his wheels (but is completely safe for children). He can also elevate his body to make himself taller. He is seen in the film greeting Buzz upon Andy's toys' arrival, and later gambling in Lotso's gang's hideout. He only has two lines in the film. They are "Nah, disposable" and "Neither are you, Chunk." He is later seen helping lock up Andy's toys when they try to escape, and is seen for the remainder of the film patrolling Sunnyside. When Andy's toys are about to escape, Sparks and the other toys are convinced of their leader's treachery, and turn on him. He is seen living happily at Sunnyside after Lotso's defeat in the credits. He is based on the Sparking action Transformers toys from the 1980s. In the end credit video clips he seems to be friends with a donated Zurg.
Jack-in-the-Box.
Jack-in-the-Box (voiced by Lee Unkrich) is one of the toys at Sunnyside Daycare. He is a Jack in the Box toy who is first seen popping out of his box when Andy's toys fall onto the floor after they accidentally knock the box they are in off the counter. It is unknown whether he is allied to Lotso and his gang or not, but he is most likely not as he is never seen with him. In the end credits, he is seen welcoming more toys, including an Emperor Zurg action figure, who arrive in another box of donated toys. When the toys have a "beach party" at a sandbox, he is seen playing beach volleyball with Chunk as they bounce a Luxo ball back and forth between each other's teams. Later that night, he is seen dancing and high-fiving Ken as all the Sunnyside toys have a disco party in the Butterfly Room.
There was also a mutant Jack-in-the-Box which had a green left glove with black fingernails pop out in "Toy Story" called "Hand-in-the-Box."
Chatter Telephone.
Chatter Telephone (voiced by Teddy Newton) is a toy based on itself. He only speaks when his receiver is lifted from its cradle. He is the oldest toy in the daycare, and becomes an ally to Woody. When Woody returns to Sunnyside, he immediately says that coming back was a mistake because Lotso had rigged his security after he left and that the best action would be to just lay low. He reluctantly gives him instructions on how to escape Sunnyside. For this, he is later brutally beaten and broken for helping Woody and his group escape, and eventually rats Woody out when convinced that Woody and the other toys had already escaped, but are caught just before they can do so. He sadly apologizes to Woody who could only show sympathy for the broken toy. In the credits, he has somehow been repaired and now lives a happier life there at Sunnyside Daycare without Lotso. When Woody talked to him, he called him Ol' Timer.
Bookworm.
The Bookworm (voiced by Richard Kind) is a green worm flashlight with glasses. He is a genius who loves reading books. He keeps a library of instruction manuals in a closet at Sunnyside, and gives Lotso the instruction manual for Buzz Lightyear. He later gives the same manual to Barbie (who he thinks is Ken since she is disguised in his spacesuit outfit). In the credits, he is happy without Lotso, and is seen using his flashlight to light a disco ball during a party at Sunnyside. He is based on the Glo Worm toys from the 1980s. He only has two lines in the film.
Cymbal-banging monkey.
The Cymbal banging monkey is a monkey toy based on the Musical Jolly Chimp toy from the 1960s. It monitors the Sunnyside Daycare security cameras at night, and can alert Lotso and the gang of any toys attempting to escape by screeching into a microphone to broadcast over the intercom. Chatter Telephone tells Woody that he must get rid of the monkey before he and his friends can escape. Woody and Slinky manage to succeed in taking it down by wrapping it up in Scotch Tape. In the credits, it is seen in a much happier situation, gently playing its clash cymbals while wearing star-shaped sunglasses.
Non-Toy characters.
Humans.
Andy Davis.
Andy Davis is the owner of Woody, Buzz, Jessie and the other toys in each of the three films. He lives with his mother and sister Molly. However, his father is never seen or mentioned in the films and supplementary materials indicate that his parents may have divorced, or Andy's father may have either died or simply left the family. "Toy Story 2" implies that Woody might be a hand-me-down toy, and when introducing the 2009 set of Toy Story collectibles, John Lasseter said "We always imagined he was a hand-me-down to Andy from his father."
In "Toy Story", Andy receives a Buzz Lightyear action figure for his 6th birthday party (which was moved earlier due to the impending move). Tension erupts between Buzz and Woody, who has always prided himself on being Andy's favorite. Andy initially spends much more time with his new toy, but still has a special place in his heart for Woody. Thus, he becomes concerned when both toys go missing for a time, fearing they would be lost during his family's move to a new house.
In "Toy Story 2", Andy is about 8, but is only seen in the beginning and for a short while in the ending. During his appearances, it is clear that he still loves his toys very much. At the end of the film, Andy is pleased to have five new toys – Jessie, Bullseye, and the three Squeeze Toy Aliens – added into his collection. He marks them, as he has all his toys, with his name on the soles of their feet, or in Bullseye's case, one letter of his name on each hoof.
In "Toy Story 3", Andy is now preparing to go off to college, intending to put most of his toys in the attic except for Woody, whom he initially plans to take with him. While he apparently hasn't played with his toys for some years and has given many of them away, he is still resistant to his mother's suggestion to either donate or sell his remaining toys, referring to them as "junk" (which the toys believe is what he truly thinks). When they go missing, however, he becomes upset and confused when he can't find them. Before he goes to college, Woody secretly puts the address of Bonnie (the young daughter of a family friend) on the box with the toys in it, causing Andy to come around to the idea of donating them. He passes them on to young Bonnie, who he realizes will look after his childhood playthings and gives them each their own introduction, stating the qualities that make each of them special. When Bonnie finds Woody in the box as well, Andy shows great reluctance to pass on his favorite toy, but ultimately relents, allowing the toys to stay together in an environment where they'll be loved and played with. He spends a while playing with Bonnie and the toys one last time before departing for college, and is noticeably sad when Bonnie has Woody "wave" to him. He then responds with a quiet "Thanks, guys". This is presumed to be Andy's final appearance in the "Toy Story" franchise.
According to Toy Story producer Ralph Guggenheim in a December 1995 Animation Magazine article: John Lasseter and the story team for "Toy Story" reviewed the names of Pixar employees' children looking for the right name for Woody's owner. Davis was ultimately named after and based on Andy Luckey, the son of legendary animator Bud Luckey, Pixar's fifth employee and the creator of Woody. Luckey has declined to publicly comment on the connection.
Present-day Andy is voiced by John Morris in all three films, and by Charlie Bright in the third film as a child. In the DVD feature for "Toy Story 3" on the voice cast, the Pixar crew remark that they weren't sure if Morris would want to do it or would sound right, and were ecstatic when they realized his voice was perfect for a young adult Andy.
Bonnie Anderson.
Bonnie Anderson appears in "Toy Story 3" as one of the kids who goes to Sunnyside Daycare, and is the second/current owner of the toys. Her mother works in the front desk. Although she has an active imagination and boisterous manner when playing with her toys, she is shy and withdrawn when she is around adults, but she quickly warms up to Andy when he donates his toys to her. She finds Woody, who was trying to escape Sunnyside, takes him home, and plays with him. Woody is impressed by what he sees at her house and ultimately gets himself (and all of Andy's other toys) donated to her. Andy briefly plays with her after handing over his toys, and tells her he needs someone "very special" to take care of them for him. Voiced by Emily Hahn.
In the short film "Hawaiian Vacation", Bonnie goes on a vacation to Hawaii and leaves Barbie and Ken in her room.
Molly Davis.
Molly Davis is Andy's younger sister, seen as an infant in the first film, a toddler in the second film, and as a preteen in the third film. Andy uses her crib as the town jail during playtime at the beginning of the first film, implying they are sharing a room. When the family moves later in the film, Andy and Molly get separate rooms, though Molly has plans to move into Andy's presumably larger room once he leaves for college. One of her first acts in the film series is to traumatize Mr. Potato Head, slobbering on him and throwing him from the crib and causing his parts to scatter, earning her the nickname "Princess Drool" from him. At the end of the first film, she receives a Mrs. Potato Head toy for Christmas, which becomes the wife for Mr. Potato Head in the next two films. Woody's love interest Bo Peep might also be her toy. As seen in Toy Story 3, she also owned a Barbie doll, which she donates to the daycare center as she was less interested in toys by that time (echoing Jessie's description of the changes she witnessed to her owner Emily in the second film). She is voiced as an infant and a toddler in the first and second films by Hannah Unkrich, and in the third film by Beatrice Miller.
Ms Davis.
Ms Davis (Her first name is never mentioned in the films) is Andy and Molly's mother. She is voiced by Laurie Metcalf in all three films. In the first film, she has brown hair and ties it in a ponytail. In the other two films, her physical appearance is noticeably different and instead of brown, she has blonde hair and leaves it down. Though presented as a loving mother to Andy and Molly, Ms. Davis is actually a major (though indirect) threat to the toys, as she frequently asks Andy to throw out the toys he no longer wants. Ms. Davis' actions regarding the toys sets the plot in motion in all three films, though they are not really malicious. In the first film, she purchases a Buzz Lightyear toy for Andy on his birthday, prompting the rivalry between Buzz and Woody which leads to them being lost and forced to find their way home. In the second film, she puts Wheezy up for sale at a yard sale (due to a broken squeaker Wheezy has got), prompting Woody's rescue attempt where he is subsequently stolen by Al. In the third film, she orders Andy to clean out his room before going to college and mistakenly throws away the bag of toys Andy was putting in the attic, causing them to be donated to a daycare center. Despite this, in the second film, she is overly protective of Woody, describing him as an old family toy. At the end of the third film, she breaks down and weeps at the departure of her first son, but Andy reassures her that she will always be with him even if they are apart. This moment between mother and son plays a major factor in Woody deciding to have Andy donate his toys to Bonnie, thus giving them a new lease on their lives.
Some recent articles explore the possibility that Ms. Davis is Jessie's original owner, Emily. The evidence cited references the flashbacks of Jessie and Emily from Toy Story 2. The flashback sequence shows Emily as a child in the 70's, which is when Ms. Davis would have been a child. The sequence also shows that the cowboy hat that Emily had is very similar to Andy's hat but with an additional white lace area.
Sid Phillips.
Sid Phillips, voiced by Erik von Detten, is the main antagonist of the first film. It is not clarified if he and Andy are friends, enemies, or if they didn't know each other. He is Andy's neighbor until Andy moves, and is known to destroy and torture toys. Many of his toys are either destroyed, have pieces missing, or have pieces replaced with other toy parts. He is also shown scaring his sister and destroying her toys in various methods, including exploding, burning, and decapitating them. He also enjoys skateboarding and his shirt bears the logo of Zero Skateboards. The toys mention that he is consistently kicked out of summer camp and in the audio commentary on the tenth anniversary DVD, the directors mention that he is a bully. It is also implied that he doesn't have the best home life. His parents don't make any major appearances; his father is only glimpsed briefly asleep in a chair with the TV on.
He seems to be the only human depicted in the film to have witnessed toys actually come alive. At the end of the first film, Woody and Sid's mutant toys decide to rescue Buzz by scaring Sid, which causes him to becomes very frightened of toys. Woody pulls the last straw on him by coming alive and telling him to take good care of his toys or else. This causes Sid to panic and run back into his house, then to his room when his sister scares him with her toy doll.
Sid does not appear in the second film, but is mentioned once by Buzz during the toys' mission to rescue Woody from Al McWhiggin. Sid also appears in the four-issue Monsters, Inc. comic mini-series produced by Boom! Comics. In the third film, an adult Sid makes a brief appearance as a garbageman with a small beard, recognizable by his characteristic T-shirt. He has no real dialogue in this role, and is instead depicted singing a song on his MP3 Player.
Hannah Phillips.
Hannah Phillips is Sid's sweet-natured, younger sister who appears a few times in the first film. She was voiced by Sarah Freeman. In "Toy Story," Hannah has gotten used to having her toys mutilated by Sid. Most of her dolls have different heads or altered body parts, and at the end of the film she finds typical sibling enjoyment in scaring her brother after he has been horrified by Woody and the other toys. She spends most of the time during the movie playing with her altered dolls. She calls Buzz "Mrs. Nesbit."
Al McWhiggin.
Al (called Al McWhiggin on his desk nameplate, The Chicken Man by Andy's toys, and Poultry Man by Utility Belt Buzz) is an owner of a chain of local toy stores and also an obsessive collector of all things related to the old "Woody's Round-up" TV series. He is currently one of the main antagonists of "Toy Story 2". Al shoplifts Woody from a yard sale Andy's mom holds in hope of selling him to a Japanese toy museum. Al is unscrupulously obsessive, overweight, very impatient and lazy (he complains of having to "drive all the way to work on a Saturday", even though his apartment is across the street from the store.); he is voiced by and partially inspired by Wayne Knight (during the production of "Toy Story 2," Knight had a goatee, like Al in the movie). Cartoonist and animator Scott Shaw has also been acknowledged as another model and inspiration for Al.
Al is the owner of a large toy shop called "Al's Toy Barn". The store is first seen during the first "Toy Story" on an advertisement of Buzz Lightyear toys, but Al did not appear. He is first seen in "Toy Story 2" during an advertisement on TV in which he dresses in a chicken suit, of which Hamm, after turning off the TV, remarks: "I despise that chicken". Later, he is seen trying to buy Woody at a yard sale held by Andy's mom. After Andy's mom refuses to hand over the doll and locks Woody in a box, Al steals Woody, intending to sell him, along with the rest of his collection of Woody's Roundup toys and memorabilia, to a toy museum in Japan for a large sum of money.
However, just as Al's plane is about to fly off to Japan with the Roundup Gang packed in luggage, Andy's toys, led by Buzz, are able to save Woody, along with Jessie and Bullseye; meanwhile the Prospector is placed in a mischievous girl's backpack for his betrayal. Al is unable to control himself from sobbing hysterically over his losses as a result, Hamm responded to it by saying, "Well, I guess crime doesn't pay."
Even over a decade after the second film, Al's obsession with "Woody's Roundup" has not lessened; he is the online bidder who buys Woody for $2,000 during the events of "Toy Story of Terror". As fate would have it, Al would once again fail to attain Woody when Jessie is able to free him.
Al's last name was revealed on the nameplate on his office desk; also, when he is done taking pictures, he answers his cellphone and Mr. Konishi can be heard saying his full name. According to "Disney Adventures" magazine, Al wasn't allowed to play with his toys as a child, leading to his toy-collecting niche. It is implied that Al's full name is Carl McWhiggin since that Mr. Konishi is heard calling him that on the phone.
His car's license plate reads LZTYBRN, which is "Al's Toy Barn" minus the vowel letters. It is also the actual license plate of Ash Brannon, co-director of "Toy Story 2," according to the "Toy Story 2: Special Edition" commentary.
Al's car resembles Flo from "Cars."
Geri the Cleaner.
Geri, an elderly specialist in toy restoration and repair with a fully loaded toy repair kit, comes to Al's apartment in "Toy Story 2" to fix Woody up in preparation for his trip to Japan. He insists that Al let him take his time with the work and views it as more than a simple job, asserting, "You can't rush art." A scene which has reference to the "Marathon Man" dentist scene. Geri is voiced by Rodger Bumpass. Geri's character model was reused from a previous Pixar short, Geri's Game, where he plays a chess game against himself.
Emily.
Emily was the name of Jessie's former owner and is mentioned by her in the second film. She appears in a flashback musical sequence while "When She Loved Me" by Sarah McLachlan is played. During this sequence, Jessie tells Woody of her first experience with an owner who was Emily and why she resented being a child's toy. As a young child she was a fan of the Wild West and horses, along with the "Woody's Roundup" TV show, apparent through her love of Jessie. As she became a teenager, her interest began to shift towards makeup and gossip with her friends which lead to Jessie being neglected then thrown away through a donation box. She is mentioned by Jessie for the second time in the third film, when she fears of being thrown away by Andy, saying "I should've seen this coming! It's Emily all over again!".
Daisy.
Daisy is a child girl who appears in flashbacks in "Toy Story 3". She owned Lotso, Big Baby and Chuckles in the beginning, but accidentally left them behind at a rest area along the road. In order to pacify her, rather than finding Lotso and the rest of her toys, Daisy's parents instead bought her another Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear, which made Lotso think he had been replaced and forgotten about, and changed him into a sinister, ruthless toy.
Billy.
Billy is an unseen child who is mentioned in "Toy Story of Terror." He and his family once stayed at the Sleep Well Motel, where the manager used a trained iguana to steal several of Billy's toys, including a Combat Carl. The manager, Ron, planned to sell the toys through the Internet, but the toys escaped after Bonnie Anderson's toy, Jessie, exposed Ron's plot to Bonnie and her mother. Combat Carl and the rest of Billy's toys boarded a mail truck and planned to reunite with Billy.
Ron.
Ron is the greedy manager of the Sleep Well Motel, appearing in "Toy Story of Terror." He has a habit of stealing toys from customers in his motel and selling them on the Internet, with the help from his pet iguana, Mr. Jones. When Bonnie and her mother went to Sleep Well after their car got a flat tire, Mr. Jones kidnaps much of Bonnie's toys, including Woody, Buzz, and Jessie. Ron then takes pictures of the toys and puts them on his bidding sale, awaiting for buyers. Fortunately, Jessie manages to trick Mr. Jones into tearing off the curtain, revealing the toys' location and Ron's scheme to Bonnie and her mother, who then calls the police, leading to Ron's arrest on the charges of theft.
Animals.
Scud.
Scud (voiced by Frank Welker) is Sid's vicious Bull Terrier and Secondary Antagonist of the First Film
Buster.
Buster (voiced by Frank Welker) is Andy's pet Dachshund, whom he receives at the end of "Toy Story" and he also appears in "Toy Story 2" and "Toy Story 3."
In "Toy Story 2," he is always full of energy, super hyper and overall a great dog. Buster is considered to be nice to the toys in Andy's room and is the only one in Andy's house who knows that the toy are alive, and is fiercely loyal to Woody, obeying all commands given to him by Woody: when Wheezy is taken by Andy's mom to be sold at a yard sale, Woody is able to command Buster to carry him down to the yard sale so he can rescue Wheezy. However, the dog does not respond to commands from Andy whatsoever. Slinky is also able to communicate with him due to the fact they are both dogs. At the beginning of "Toy Story 2," Buster finds Woody in a record of 13.5 seconds. After the toys return home, Jessie helps Buster out of the room when he needs to go out for a private time, and he is last seen with Andy and his family as they go out on another drive.
In "Toy Story 3," Buster is now older and looks very aged, with mixed brown and gray fur, a gray-white snout, overweight, and too old and lazy to help Woody and the toys escape (in a direct parody of the rescue scene from "Toy Story 2"), although he remains nice to them. He tends to fall asleep as well. He is also briefly seen when Mrs. Potato Head was subsequently visualizing her missing eye, which was in Andy's room. He is last seen with Andy as he departs for college.
Crazy Critters.
Crazy Critters are a bunch of 2-dimensional animal puppets from the "Woody's Roundup" show including an armadillo, bat, bear, beaver, bird, deer, vulture, bear cub, porcupine, flying squirrel, rabbit, skunk, snake, fox, raccoon, tortoise and bobcat. They come quickly when Jessie calls them, with the tortoise falling slightly behind the others. Woody understands them in the "Woody's Roundup" show, sometimes so well the animals are shown to be shocked. The Crazy Critters make cameo appearances as prizes determined by the score of players in "Toy Story Midway Mania!," and in the Toy Story 2 video game on the Nintendo 64.
Mr. Jones.
Mr. Jones is an iguana appearing in "Toy Story of Terror," owned by the manager of Sleep Well Motel, Ron. He is loyal to his master and is trained to secretly steal toys from customers so that his master can sell the toys off the Internet. During the majority of the special, he is seen snatching most of Bonnie's toys away in a flash through the air shafts and ventilation systems. Eventually, he accidentally swallowed Mr. Potato Head's right arm and Combat Carl's right hand. However, he is forced to regurgitate them out after Jessie tricks him into ripping off the curtain, revealing Ron's scheme to Bonnie and her mother. It is unknown what happened to Mr. Jones following his master's arrest in the end, though it is most likely he will be sent to animal control.

</doc>
<doc id="5905722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905722" title="Mogami Station">
Mogami Station

Lines.
Mogami Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 65.6 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Mogami Station has one island platform, connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station building incorporates the Mogami Public Hall.
History.
Mogami Station opened on August 1, 1916 as . The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. It was renamed to its present name on December 4, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5905725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905725" title="Norman Adsetts">
Norman Adsetts

Sir (William) Norman Adsetts OBE (born 6 March 1931) transformed SIG plc, which he joined in 1966 and ran as Managing Director from 1970 to 1996, from a small family firm into the biggest distributor of insulating materials in Europe.
Early years.
Born in 1931, the son of Ernest Norman Adsetts, Adsetts was educated at King Edward VII School in Sheffield and at The Queen's College, Oxford. After undertaking his National Service in the Royal Air Force he joined Fibreglass Ltd as a graduate trainee in 1955. In 1966 he became a Director at "Sheffield Insulating Company": he went on to be Managing Director in 1970, Chairman in 1985 and Life President in 1996. He transformed the business from a small family firm into the biggest distributor of insulating materials in Europe. 
He has held a number of other positions including Chairman of the Yorkshire and Humberside Region of the CBI from 1989 to 1991, Chairman of the Sheffield Partnership Limited from 1987 to 1992, Deputy Chairman of Sheffield Development Corporation from 1991 to 1997, Chairman of the Board of Governors at Sheffield Hallam University from 1993 to 1999, Chairman of Sheffield Theatres Trust Ltd from 1996 to 2005, Trustee of the Hillsborough Disaster Appeal Fund from 1989 to 1996, Chairman of Sheffield First for Investment from 1999 to 2002, Chairman of the Kelham River-side Development Agency from 1998 to 2002, Chairman of the Governors of Mount St Mary's College from 1999 to date, Member of the Hallam Diocese Finance Board from 1998 to 2004 and Trustee of Research Autism from 2007 to date.
He was awarded the OBE in the 1988 New Year Honours and knighted in 1999.
Family.
He married Eve Stefanuti in 1956 and they have one daughter and one son. They also have 8 grandchildren. As two of his grandchildren are autistic, Sir Adsetts is a large contributor to autism foundations and became Chairman of Autism Plus in April 2009.
In 2012 Sir Norman Adsetts left the Board of Autism Plus to become Chairman of The Adsetts Partnership, a holding company of which Autism Plus is a subsidiary. The Adsetts Partnership has also created a network of charities committed to working together to help and support the vulnerable in today's society; and recently moved into new offices in Sheffield, taking over the former Whitbread's Brewery Building in the heart of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="5905726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905726" title="Eryholme railway station">
Eryholme railway station

Eryholme railway station, sometimes referred to as Dalton Junction, was a railway station located on the East Coast Main Line between Northallerton and Darlington in North Yorkshire, England. It was the point at which the now closed Eryholme-Richmond branch line diverged from the East Coast Main Line.
Passing the site today passengers on the East Coast main Line would be hard pressed to pinpoint the location of Eryholme, as all signs of the station have been demolished.
The station probably saw its greatest number of passengers during World War II as it was the drop off point for servicemen arriving at the nearby RAF Croft. After the war it was also used by railwaymen living in nearby cottages for which trains stopped there but were not advertised in the timetables. This arrangement continued until 1969 when services on the Richmond Branch were withdrawn. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905736" title="Lefty">
Lefty

Lefty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905739" title="Robin Robertson">
Robin Robertson

Robin Robertson, FRSL (born in Scone, Perthshire 1955) is a Scottish poet.
Biography.
Robertson was brought up on the north-east coast of Scotland, but has spent most of his professional life in London. After working as an editor at Penguin Books and Secker and Warburg, he became poetry and fiction editor at Jonathan Cape.
Robertson's poetry appears regularly in the "London Review of Books" and "The New York Review of Books", and is represented in many anthologies. In 2004, he edited "Mortification: Writers' Stories of Their Public Shame", which collects seventy commissioned pieces by international authors. In 2006 he published "The Deleted World", new versions of the Swedish poet Tomas Tranströmer, and in 2008 a new translation of "Medea", which has been dramatised for stage and radio. Robertson is a trustee of the Griffin Trust for Excellence in Poetry.
Awards.
Robertson's first volume of poetry, "A Painted Field", won the 1997 Forward Prize for Best First Collection and the Scottish First Book of the Year Award. "Slow Air" followed in 2002, and his third book, "Swithering", was published in 2006, winning the Forward Prize for Best Collection. In 2004, Robertson received the E. M. Forster Award from The American Academy of Arts and Letters. In 2009 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature He completed the set of Forward Prizes in 2009 when "At Roane Head" won the award for Best Single Poem. This poem is included in his fourth collection, "The Wrecking Light" (2010), a volume shortlisted for the 2010 Forward Prize, the Costa Poetry Award and the T.S. Eliot Prize. In 2013 he was honorably awarded the international, German Petrarca-Preis, sharing it with Adonis. In 2013, his book "Hill of Doors" was shortlisted for the 2013 Costa Book Awards (Poetry).

</doc>
<doc id="5905740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905740" title="Ōhori Station">
Ōhori Station

Lines.
Ōhori Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 69.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Ōhori Station has one platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station building is built in the style of a log cabin. The station is unattended.
History.
Ōhori Station opened on February 1, 1949. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905751" title="Usugi Station">
Usugi Station

Lines.
Usugi Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 71.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Usugi Station has one platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station building is built directly on the platform. The station is unattended.
History.
Usugi Station opened on September 1, 1965. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905758" title="Chicago Freedom Movement">
Chicago Freedom Movement

The Chicago Freedom Movement, also known as the Chicago Open Housing Movement, was led by Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., James Bevel and Al Raby. The movement included a large rally, marches, and demands to the City of Chicago. These specific demands covered a wide range of areas besides open housing, and included quality education, transportation and job access, income and employment, health, wealth generation, crime and the criminal justice system, community development, tenants rights, and quality of life. The Chicago Freedom Movement was the most ambitious civil rights campaign in the North of the United States, lasted from mid-1965 to early 1967, and is largely credited with inspiring the 1968 Fair Housing Act. 
History.
The Chicago Freedom Movement represented the alliance of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), the American Friends Service Committee (AFSC), and the Coordinating Council of Community Organizations (CCCO). In 1965 SCLC was looking for a site to prove that non-violent direct action could bring about social change outside of the South. Since 1962, the CCCO had harnessed anger over racial inequality, especially in the public schools, in the city of Chicago to build the most sustained local civil rights movement in the North. The activism of the CCCO pulled SCLC to Chicago, as did the work of the AFSC's Kale Williams, Bernard Lafayette, David Jehnsen and others, owing to the decision by SCLC's Director of Direct Action, James Bevel, to come to Chicago to work with the AFSC project on the city's west side.
The Chicago Freedom Movement declared its intention to end slums in the city. It organized tenants' unions, assumed control of a slum tenement, founded action groups like Operation Breadbasket, and rallied black and white Chicagoans to support its goals. In the early summer of 1966, it and Bevel focused their attention on housing discrimination, an issue Bevel attributed to the work and idea of AFSC activist Bill Moyer. A large rally was held by Martin Luther King at Soldier Field on July 10, 1966. According to a UPI news story that ran the next day, "About 35,000 persons jammed Chicago's Soldier Field for Dr. King's first giant ‘freedom rally' since bringing his civil rights organizing tactics to the city.…" Other guests included Mahalia Jackson, Stevie Wonder, and Peter Paul and Mary. By late July the Chicago Freedom Movement was staging regular rallies outside of Real Estate offices and marches into all-white neighborhoods on the city's southwest and northwest sides. The hostile and sometimes violent response of local whites, and the determination of civil rights activists to continue to crusade for an open housing law, alarmed City Hall and attracted the attention of the national press.
In mid-August, high-level negotiations began between city leaders, movement activists, and representatives of the Chicago Real Estate Board. On August 26, after the Chicago Freedom Movement had declared that it would march into Cicero site of a fierce race riot in 1951, an agreement, consisting of positive steps to open up housing opportunities in metropolitan Chicago, was reached. The Summit Agreement was the culmination of months of organizing and direct action. It did not, however, satisfy all activists, some of whom, in early September 1966, marched on Cicero over the objection of James Bevel, who had directed the movement for SCLC. After the open-housing marches and Summit agreements, the overall Chicago Freedom Movement lost much of its focus and momentum when, by early 1967, Martin Luther King, James Bevel, and SCLC had trained their energies on other projects, mainly - for King and Bevel - the anti-Vietnam war movement.
Demands of the Chicago Freedom Movement.
On July 10th, 1966 Dr. King placed a list of demands on the door of the Chicago City Hall in order to gain leverage with city leaders.
1968 Fair Housing Act.
The 1968 Fair Housing Act was passed by Congress as a direct result of both the 1966 Chicago Open Housing Movement and as a response to the assassination of Dr. King.

</doc>
<doc id="5905766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905766" title="Semi-Onsen Station">
Semi-Onsen Station

Lines.
Semi-Onsen Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 75.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Semi-Onsen Station has one platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The platform was formerly an island platform connected to the station building by a level crossing, but there is no longer a track on one side of the platform. The station is unattended.
History.
Semi-Onsen Station opened as on November 1, 1915. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. It was renamed to its present name on December 4, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5905770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905770" title="Gucci Crew II">
Gucci Crew II

The Gucci Crew II was a Miami bass group popular between 1986 and 1994. The group was made up of MC V and TFS (aka 240 Shorty), along with Disco Rick, who was their DJ early on.
Debut single: "Gucci Bass".
Their first song, "Gucci Bass", was inspired by LL Cool J's "Rock the Bells", and much like Gigolo Tony's 1986 hit, it utilized The Smurfs' theme song as the hook. The track was produced by Amos Larkins II in late 1986, making it a regional hit in early 1987.
Debut album: "So Def, So Fresh, So Stupid".
As Larkins went into semi-retirement for a few years, Disco Rick assumed the role of producer. They released the album "So Def, So Fresh, So Stupid" in 1987, which became a hugely successful album locally on the heels of 2 Live Crew's debut album. The success was only heightened as the campy single, "Sally, That Girl", caught fire outside of Florida that same year, which over time proved to be their signature song.
"What Time is It? It's Gucci Time".
In 1988, the trio released "What Time is It? It's Gucci Time", and was quickly embraced by the emerging car audio bass market. Tensions arose as the final version of the album featured a parody of Doug E. Fresh's "La Di Da Di", which went against Disco Rick's wishes. As a result, Rick left the unit to form The Dogs, and Gucci Crew suddenly found themselves without a DJ and producer.
"Everybody Wants Some".
As a duo, Gucci Crew began work on their third album, "Everybody Wants Some" in 1989, utilizing Hot Productions' in-house producer, Larry Davis. Davis had not only been a member of the highly successful disco-funk group Instant Funk, but had produced national hits for Gucci Crew's label mates L'Trimm the previous year, which led L'Trimm to a licensing deal with Atlantic Records. In a maximum effort promotional campaign, Hot Productions bought time for an interview on B.E.T.'s "Rap City" video show for both L'Trimm and Gucci Crew. Despite all the effort, "Everybody Wants Some" failed to impress Gucci Crew's core audience, and it also failed to attract new fans. Tensions between the group and the label came to a boil.
"G4".
The following year, Gucci Crew hired a new DJ and producer named Hollywood, and released their fourth and final album, "G4". The initial single, "Pushin'", received airplay on Yo! MTV Raps, but again failed to gain attention. It was the group's next single, "Booty Shake", that became a club anthem in the south eastern United States in 1990/1991 and gained the act a whole new fanbase for a brief period.
The final days.
By the end of 1991, the Miami bass scene went through a complete makeover. 2 Live Crew had officially announced their breakup, sample clearance issues halted productions for many groups, and a couple of breakthrough hits had changed the focus of the music to higher tempos for "booty shake" contests. It took until 1994 for any new material to come out under the Gucci Crew moniker. The two singles, "Erase Ya Face" and "Spikin' The Funky Punch", did not meet the new standards for the Miami bass scene. Although the act now only featured 240 Shorty and the singles failed to gain any substantial attention, Gucci Crew II continued to conduct underground birthday parties for young children under the moniker "Goofy Crew II". The label closed out Gucci Crew's contract by funding no new productions, maximizing their existing catalog by releasing a greatest hits compilation later that year.
In December 2007, MC V (Victor May) was shot 6 times in the back and killed in Americus, Georgia. He was buried in Ocala, Florida. Disco Rick was the only former Gucci Crew II member that attended his funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="5905792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905792" title="Outram Institute">
Outram Institute

Outram Institute (Abbreviation: OI; Chinese: 欧南高级中学) was one of 4 original Centralised Institutes (CI) in Singapore, and one of the two CIs to have been merged to establish the nation's current only CI, Millennia Institute. Outram Institute is the first Centralised pre-university Centre in Singapore, founded by Ministry of Education, Singapore. Students in Outram Institute take the A Levels in three years, unlike any other Pre-university course students in a Junior College (JC).
Information.
In the 1980s, 3-year pre-university courses were conducted in several secondary schools. In 1987 the Ministry of Education set up the first Institute, Outram Institute (OI) to offer 3-year pre-university courses on a centralised basis. Outram Institute prepare students for the GCE `A' Level Examinations. Initially, it concentrated on commerce subjects and had only the Commerce stream. The Arts stream was later being introduced to the school. Outram Institute functions on a full-day basis and teaching modes has included lectures and classroom instruction. Admission to the Institute is based on the aggregate point of First Language and four relevant subjects (L1R4). Mrs Lim Han Soon, Principal of Outram Secondary School, was being appointed as the first principal to head Outram Institute.
The Institute was being temporarily accommodated in premises at Bartley Road which was vacated by Chung Hwa High School when the school moved to new premises in December 1987. The Bartley Road premises was then renovated to provide the necessary facilities and a conducive environment for students. Outram Institute remained in the Bartley Road site until it was merged with Jurong Institute, another centralised institute in the year 2004, forming the new Millennia Institute, the only 3 year pre-university centre in Singapore today.

</doc>
<doc id="5905817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905817" title="RDS-4">
RDS-4

RDS-4 (also known as Tatyana) was a Soviet nuclear bomb. It was the Soviet Union's first mass-produced tactical nuclear weapon. It used a plutonium implosion assembly and had a nominal yield of 30 kilotons. The bomb was delivered from a Tu-4 and Tu-16 aircraft.
It was first tested at Semipalatinsk Test Site, on August 23, 1953. The bomb was dropped from an IL-28 aircraft at an altitude of 11 km and exploded at 600 m, with a yield of 28 kt. RDS-4 was also used on September 14, 1954 during Snowball military exercise near Totskoye (similar to Western Desert Rock exercises), when the bomb was dropped by the Tu-4 bomber (the copy of American B-29 bomber). The purpose of this exercise was not to test the bomb itself, but the ability of using it while breaking through enemy defenses (presumably in West Germany). After the explosion Soviet jet fighters were sent to fly through the mushroom cloud itself while tanks and infantry were forced to move through ground zero. Medical records of contaminated soldiers were forged afterwards and many were forced out of active duty.

</doc>
<doc id="5905827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905827" title="Monovalent">
Monovalent

Monovalent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905830" title="Nonclassical light">
Nonclassical light

Nonclassical light is light that cannot be described using classical electromagnetism; its characteristics are described by the quantized electromagnetic field and quantum mechanics. Nonclassical light has nonclassical noise properties called quantum noise, which can be understood on the basis of quantum optics. 
Most common described forms of nonclassical light are the following:
Glauber–Sudarshan P representation.
It has been shown that the density matrix for any state of light can be written as:
where formula_2 is a coherent state. A "classical" state of light is one in which formula_3 is a probability density function. If it is not, the state is said to be nonclassical.
Aspects of formula_4 that would make it nonclassical are:
The matter is not quite simple. According to Mandel and Wolf: "The different coherent states are not orthogonal, so that even if formula_5 behaved like a true probability density [function, it would not describe probabilities of mutually exclusive states."

</doc>
<doc id="5905836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905836" title="Polyvalence">
Polyvalence

In chemistry, polyvalence or multivalence refers to atoms or molecules that exhibit more than one valence (chemistry).
Polyvalence or polyvalent may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5905851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905851" title="Higashi-Nagasawa Station">
Higashi-Nagasawa Station

Lines.
Higashi-Nagasawa Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 81.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Higashi-Nagasawa Station has one side platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station building is built directly on the platform. The station is unattended.
History.
Higashi-Nagasawa Station opened on July 10, 1959. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905858" title="Nagasawa Station">
Nagasawa Station

Lines.
Nagasawa Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 82.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Nagasawa Station has one side platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station is unattended.
History.
Nagasawa Station opened on November 1, 1915. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905859" title="Jews in Macedonia">
Jews in Macedonia


</doc>
<doc id="5905863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905863" title="Minami-Shinjō Station">
Minami-Shinjō Station

Lines.
Minami-Shinjō Station is served by the Rikuu East Line, and is located 89.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kogota Station. 
Station layout.
Minami-Shinjō Station has one side platform, serving a bidirectional single track. The station is unattended. The track for the Ōu Main Line (Yamagata Shinkansen) runs through the station without a platform.
History.
Minami-Shinjō Station opened on December 20, 1960. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5905866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905866" title="Jim Meadowcroft">
Jim Meadowcroft

Jim Meadowcroft (born 15 December 1946) is a retired English professional snooker player who has latterly been a coach and a commentator on the game.
His most successful years were during the 1970s; he was ranked number 12 in the world in 1976–77 and reached the second round of the world championship three times. Meadowcroft is the author of "Higgins, Taylor and me" and has served as a director of pro snooker's governing body the WPBSA.
Meadowcroft reached the Last 16 of the World Championship in 1974, however he lost 10-16 to 6 times world champion Ray Reardon. However, he went one step further in 1976, reaching the Quarter-final by beating Rex Williams 15-7, he couldn't however progress past the Quarter-final as he was beaten 8-15 by Perrie Mans. He also progressed to the Quarter-final of the 1977 UK Championship (The inaugural edition of the tournament), beating Pat Houlihan and Ray Reardon both by 5-4 scoreline, before being beaten by eventual winner Patsy Fagan once again by a 5-4 score.
On 27 January 1982 Meadowcroft made breaks of 105, 115, 117 and 125
(total 462) in four consecutive frames at the Connaught Leisure Centre, Worthing.

</doc>
<doc id="5905875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905875" title="United States Army Physical Fitness Test">
United States Army Physical Fitness Test

The United States Army Physical Fitness Test (APFT) is designed to test the muscular strength, endurance, and cardiovascular respiratory fitness of soldiers in the Army. Soldiers are scored based on their performance in three events consisting of the push-up, sit-up, and a two-mile run, ranging from 0 to 100 points in each event. A minimum score of 60 in each event is required to pass the test. The soldier's overall score is the sum of the points from the three events. If a soldier passes all three events, the total may range from 180 to 300.
Active component and reserve component soldiers are required to take a "record" (meaning for official records) APFT at least twice each calendar year. FM 7-22 covers the administration of the APFT, as well as ways to conduct individual, squad and unit level physical training sessions
If, due to a diagnosed medical condition, a soldier is temporarily unable to conduct one or more of the events in the record APFT, the soldier can be granted an extension to allow him or her to overcome his or her injury and return to an acceptable level of physical fitness. If a soldier has a permanent medical condition that keeps him or her from conducting the two mile run, an alternate aerobic event consisting of either a 2.5 mile walk, an 800 yard swim, or 6.2 mile cycle ride is taken. There are no alternate events for the push-up or sit-up.
Events.
The testing events are conducted in accordance with standards detailed in Army FM 7-22, Army Physical Readiness Training. Prior to the start of each event, the standard is read aloud, followed by a demonstration in which an individual demonstrates both the correct exercise and any disqualifying behaviors which would make the exercise incorrect.
"Quoted from Army FM 7-22:"
Scoring.
Scoring on the APFT is based on gender, age category, number of repetitions performed of the push-up and sit-up, and run time. Score tables are found in Army FM 7-22 and on Department of the Army Form 705, Army Physical Fitness Test Scorecard. The score for each event ranges from 0 to 100 points; a minimum score of 60 in each event is required to pass the test. The soldier's overall score is the sum of the points from the three events. If a soldier passes all three events, the total may range from 180 to 300. APFT standards may be more rigorous for some special purpose units, such as for special operations soldiers which are usually required to score 70 points or better in each event.
Soldiers who score 270 or above on the APFT, with a minimum score of 90 in each event, are awarded the Physical Fitness Badge, which can be worn on the physical training uniform. The APFT score also converts to promotion points which are used to in part to determine the eligibility of soldiers for promotion to a higher rank.
The scoring algorithm also includes an extended scale, by which soldiers can earn more than 100 points in an event by performing better than the 100-point standard. In order for a soldier to earn a score of over 300, he or she must obtain 100 points in each event, meaning that a soldier can not begin to use the extended scale for any one event until 100 points are reached in all three events. Scores above maximum may only be used locally in an unofficial capacity; official record scores may never exceed 300 points. Beyond the 100-point level, each additional push-up is one additional point, each additional sit-up is one additional point, and each six-second reduction in the run time is one additional point. 
For soldiers who have a medical or physical condition which prevents them from being able to successfully participate in the two mile run, alternate aerobic events are authorized. Scoring for alternate aerobic events is either GO or NO-GO (pass or fail) and is based on the gender and age of the individual. For the purposes of promotion, a soldier's score on an alternate event equals the average of their push-up and sit-up scores. Restrictions applicable to the APFT for soldiers with medical conditions (including pregnancy) or on physical profiles are stipulated in Army Regulation 40-501. For example, one stipulation is that "Once the profile is lifted, the soldier must be given twice the time of the profile (but not more than 90 days) to train for the [next APFT.
Failure to pass two or more consecutive record APFTs can lead to separation from the Army, although this is not always the case. Soldiers who have failed an APFT are often put into a "remedial program" first, which includes additional physical training. An APFT failure also results in the soldier being "flagged" which make them ineligible for promotion and attendance to military training and/or schools. However, a soldier cannot be denied an award or decoration due to an APFT failure.
Standards.
source: APFT Standardssource: APFT Standards
Ranger Physical Fitness Test.
For soldiers attending the first phase of Ranger School, a special Ranger Physical Fitness Test is conducted for all age groups which is separate from the Army Physical Fitness Test. The test is pass/fail and involves push-ups, sit-ups, chin-ups, and a five mile run. Push-ups and sit-ups performed within 2 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5905880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905880" title="Per-Erik Hedlund">
Per-Erik Hedlund

Per-Erik Hedlund (April 18, 1897 – February 12, 1975) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1920s and 1930s.
He was born in Särnaheden, Älvdalen Municipality, Dalarna County.
Hedlund participated in the 50 kilometre competition at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, but did not finish.
He won the 50 km event at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz by 13 minutes, 27 seconds over fellow Swede Gustaf Jonsson. Hedlund's margin of victory is unequaled in Olympic history. In the 18 kilometre event he finished sixth. While competing, he wore a white outfit and red cap. In honor of this 1928 50 km victory, Swedish Nordic skiers wore white uniforms and red caps at every Winter Olympics for the next 48 years.
He also finished 6th in the 50 km event at the 1933 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships and also won the 4 x 10 km relay at those same championships. Hedlund also won the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1928.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5905904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905904" title="Rosello">
Rosello

Rosello is a village and "comune" of the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. A number of city-dwellers have summer homes in the area.
Geography.
The village borders the following "comuni" : Agnone, Borrello, Giuliopoli, Roio del Sangro and Villa Santa Maria.
History.
The village was first inhabited around the 11th century by Benedictine monks from the Abbey of San Giovanni in Verde. It first appears in the historical record in the 12th century, where it was described as a 'charming village' by Giulio Caracciolo.
A picture entitled 'Maria SS delle Grazie' adorns the chapel near the cemetery. It is said to have been painted by an artist of the Neapolitan School between 1500 and 1600. It is very much the cultural highlight of the village.
Rosello was home to Renato Percario (6 September 1937 – 18 June 2008), chef to Princess Margaret, King Constantine and Ivana Trump.
Notes and references.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/2307674/Renato-Percario.html

</doc>
<doc id="5905905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905905" title="Hempstead Plains">
Hempstead Plains

The Hempstead Plains is a region of central Long Island in New York state in what is now Nassau County. It was once an open expanse of native grassland estimated to once extend to about . It was separated from the North Shore of Long Island by the Harbor Hill Moraine, later approximately the route of Route 25. The modern Hempstead Turnpike approximately traces the separation of the plain from the South Shore of Long Island. The east-west extent was from somewhat west of the modern Queens, New York City border to slightly beyond the Suffolk County border.
The town of Hempstead, now America's most populous civil township, was first settled by Europeans around 1644. Although the settlers were from the English colony of Connecticut, a patent was issued by Dutch New Amsterdam after the settlers had purchased land from the local Native Americans. The town may have been named for either Hemel Hempstead, England, or the city of Heemstede in North Holland.
In early US history, the Hempstead Plains region was cited as one of the few natural prairies east of the Allegheny Mountains. Long Island historians George Dade and Frank Strand wrote that it was created by an outwash of glacial sediment more than ten thousand years ago. The result was vast, flat open land. 
The Plains and the horses.
Horse racing in the United States and on the North American continent dates back to the establishment of the Newmarket course on the Salisbury Plains section of the Hempstead Plains of Long Island in 1665. This first racing meet in North America was supervised by New York's colonial governor, Richard Nicolls. The area is now occupied by the present Nassau County region of Greater Westbury and Garden City. 
The year 1905 saw the opening of Belmont Park on part of the western edge of the Hempstead Plains. Its mile and a half main track is the largest dirt Thoroughbred race course in the world, and it has the sport's largest grandstand.
Even for non-jockeys, sports remains a key part of the Hempstead Plains. The South Westbury section of the plains is (appropriately) known as Salisbury, and Nassau County's largest park (more than 800 acres (3 km²)) was established in the region as Salisbury Park in the 1940s, on the site of the former Salisbury Golf Links. The county facility has been known as Eisenhower Park since 1971.
Even during the later era of air flight activity on the Hempstead Plains, part of the east section of privately owned Roosevelt Field became Roosevelt Raceway, first a popular auto-racing site and then the pioneering standardbred track in horse racing, from 1940 to its closing in 1988.
The Plains and the planes.
Another pioneering industry on the Hempstead Plains was aviation. In July 1909, aviator and manufacturer Glenn Curtiss relocated his base of operation from his native upstate New York to Mineola. Curtiss, at the controls of his biplane the "Golden Flyer," circled the plains' Washington Avenue field for more than 52 minutes, demonstrating the aircraft's capabilities and earning the "Scientific American" prize for a flight of more than .
Some 15 years later, the Hempstead Plains had earned the appellation "Cradle of Aviation". The Hempstead Plains Aerodrome was renamed to in 1917 to Hazelhurst Field, and again in 1918 to Roosevelt Field on the eastern half, and Curtiss Field to the west. These facilities and Mitchel Field provided the eastern US's hub of private, and even military, air activity. 
The most famous flight from the Hempstead Plains was Charles Lindbergh's 1927 journey to France. On May 20-May 21, Lindbergh, aboard the single-engine monoplane "Spirit of St. Louis", was the first pilot to fly from the U.S. solo and nonstop across the Atlantic Ocean, flying from Roosevelt Field to Le Bourget, Paris, in 33½ hours. (His grandson Erik Lindbergh repeated this trip in 2002, 75 years later, in 17 hours 17 minutes.)
Current trends.
With the mid-century period came suburbanization and commercial development of the Plains region. The west section of Roosevelt Field (once known as Curtiss Field before its 1929 merger with Roosevelt) ceased operations in 1951 and has been occupied since 1956 by the Roosevelt Field Mall, one of the world's largest indoor shopping centers. 
To the east, the former Roosevelt Raceway section is occupied by Roosevelt Raceway Center, which includes several stand-alone stores and the current Raceway Theatre. The section north of the raceway, development on which dates back to the 1960s, is occupied by The Source Mall (anchored by the flagship of the Fortunoff department stores) and the Costco center. 
Mitchel Field, which includes the Hempstead Plains site formerly known as Camp Mills, housed an Air Force base until 1961 and is currently used for multiple sites, including the Cradle of Aviation Museum, Nassau Community College, Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum and some of the housing and recreational facilities for Hofstra University.
The last remaining few acres of untouched Hempstead Plains ground exist near Nassau Community College, immediately adjacent to the Power Plant as well as directly behind the Marriott Hotel. Additionally, in back of The Wheatley School, the high school of the East Williston School District, in Old Westbury. The area is known as the Wheatley Woods for the trees that hide the acres of plains. There are also plains in Eisenhower Park. The plains stretched east to the Suffolk County border. Several acres also remain in Plainview. The existing area was slated to be an extension of the Bethpage State Parkway which was not built, and the land was never developed.

</doc>
<doc id="5905906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905906" title="BOS 400">
BOS 400

The BOS 400 is a French Derrick/Lay Barge that ran aground while being towed by the Russian tugboat "Tigr" on June 26, 1994.
The "Tigr" was chartered to tow the "BOS 400" from Pointe-Noire in the Republic of Congo to Cape Town, South Africa. The tow-rope broke loose during a storm and causing the vessel to run aground off Duiker Point near Sandy Bay.
Despite several towage attempts, the shipwreck was considered a total loss as salvors were able to recover little from the wreck.
The "Tigr" barge was built in 1987 in Polish shipyards and had remained idle in the Cape Town docks from 1994 to 2000, when it was sold for $625,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5905911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905911" title="Shinjō Station">
Shinjō Station

Lines.
Shinjō Station is served by the following lines.
Station layout.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and a View Plaza travel agency.
History.
Shinjō Station opened on 11 June 1903. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987. A new station building was completed in October 1998. From 4 December 1999, the station became the terminus of the Yamagata Shinkansen, following its extension from Yamagata.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2012, the station was used by an average of 1,582 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="5905914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905914" title="Upside Records">
Upside Records

Upside Records is an independent pop-dance record label run by the Upside Management company for their acts. The label has released records by girl group Clea such as the album, "Trinity", and the singles "We Don't Have to Take Our Clothes Off", "Lucky Like That", "Stuck in the Middle"/"I Surrender", and most recently, "LoveShy".
Upside Records and Management was also the name of a US based label from 1986-88. The label was home to artists such as Arthur Russell, The Wygals, Fats Comet, Charles Brown and Maurice Sinclair, as well as artists such as The Woodentops, Jonathan Richman, Float Up CP and Vic Godard, who were licensed from the British label Rough Trade.

</doc>
<doc id="5905932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905932" title="School of Engineering and Applied Science">
School of Engineering and Applied Science

School of Engineering and Applied Science is the name of several engineering schools at universities in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5905950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905950" title="Gustaf Jonsson">
Gustaf Jonsson

Karl Gustaf Jonsson (July 7, 1903– July 30, 1990) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1920s.
He won a silver in the 50 km event at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, finishing 13 minutes, 27 seconds behind fellow Swede Per-Erik Hedlund, the largest margin of victory in Olympic history.
Jonsson also finished fourth in the 30 km event at the 1926 Nordic skiing World Championships and ninth in the 50 kilometre event at the 1932 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5905951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905951" title="Elsie Gerlach">
Elsie Gerlach

Dr. Elsie Gerlach (1900-1967) was named the first superintendent of the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Dentistry Children's Clinic in 1927. Dr. Gerlach stayed for 38 years and became nationally known and respected as a pioneer in the teaching and development of pediatric dentistry. While working at the college she also found time for teaching and administration at LaRabida Sanitarium, the Crippled Children's Hospital, and the Chicago Child Care Society. Active with the American Society of Dentistry since its inception, the organization awarded her its first-ever life membership in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5905981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905981" title="Hilb, Rogal &amp; Hobbs Co.">
Hilb, Rogal &amp; Hobbs Co.

Hilb, Rogal, & Hobbs Co. is a US insurance firm. The firm was established by Bob Hilb, Alvin Rogal and David Hamilton, former "Insurance Management Corporation" executives in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5905982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905982" title="Dakota Territory's at-large congressional district">
Dakota Territory's at-large congressional district

Dakota Territory's At-large congressional district is an obsolete congressional district that encompassed the entire Dakota Territory prior to admission to the Union. The district elected a delegate to the United States Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="5905984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905984" title="Volger Andersson">
Volger Andersson

Volger Andersson (January 19, 1896, Njurunda – October 6, 1969) was a former Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1920s.
He won a bronze in the 50 km event at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. He also competed in the 18 kilometre event but did not finish.

</doc>
<doc id="5905994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5905994" title="Joan Gray">
Joan Gray

Joan S. Gray was elected Moderator of the Presbyterian Church (USA) at the 217th General Assembly on June 15, 2006. As Moderator, she served as the presiding officer of the week-long General Assembly meeting in Birmingham, Alabama, followed by a two-year term as the ambassador-at-large for the denomination. She has also spent many years working in various churches and is currently serving as part of the faculty at Columbia Theological Seminary.
Education.
Joan Gray graduated from Presbyterian College with a B.A. in 1973. She then continued her education at Columbia Theological Seminary where she earned her M.Div. in 1976. In 1993 she attended General Theological Seminary (Episcopal) where she earned a Master of Sacred Theology in Spiritual Direction and received her Doctor of Ministry from Wesley Theological Seminary in 2009.
Career.
Gray is considered an expert on church polity and structure, and is the co-author of "Presbyterian Polity for Church Officers". She previously served as moderator of the General Assembly Permanent Judicial Commission and a member of the Presbyterian Church (USA)’s Advisory Committee on the Constitution. Through five General Assemblies before and after Presbyterian reunion in 1983, she served on the Provisional Constitutional Committee. All of these are very important positions that provided Gray with insight and skill needed to be the moderator of the General Assembly.
Joan Gray was ordained as a Minister of the Word and Sacrament on March 12, 1978. Prior to serving as the Moderator of the Presbyterian Church (USA), Gray served seven churches in the Atlanta area — Fellowship, Oglethorpe, Columbia, Hemphill, Good Shepherd, Smyrna, and College Park. In 1978, Joan was the first woman ordained to pastor a church in Atlanta Presbytery, PCUS. At these churches her ministries have included solo pastor, associate pastor, lead pastor/head of staff, parish associate, and interim pastor. She has served as Adjunct Faculty at Columbia Theological Seminary and Johnson C. Smith Theological Seminary and has taught at Princeton Theological Seminary as part of the Continuing Education Faculty.
She is currently serving as the Interim Dean of Students and Vice‐president of Student Services at Columbia Theological Seminary. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906005" title="The Cat Creeps">
The Cat Creeps

The Cat Creeps (1930) is a crime/mystery film, and a sound remake of "The Cat and the Canary" (1927). Starring Helen Twelvetrees, Raymond Hackett, Neil Hamilton, Lilyan Tashman, Jean Hersholt, and Montagu Love, it is considered a "lost film".
Information.
A Spanish-language version, "La Voluntad del Muerto", starring Lupita Tovar and directed by George Melford, was filmed by Universal Pictures at night on the same sets used for "The Cat Creeps" during the day.
In the documentary "The Young and the Dead", the husband of the lead actress creates a video tribute due to her illness and shows part of her memorial service. He states that he became her agent during the filming of the movie and married her shortly after filming ended.
Elizabeth Patterson later reprised her role of Susan in the 1939 remake, "The Cat and the Canary".
Preservation status.
No prints or negatives of "The Cat Creeps" are known to exist, only some stills and the soundtrack. A few clips do survive in a short film produced by Universal entitled "Boo!" (1932).

</doc>
<doc id="5906015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906015" title="Food &amp; Water Watch">
Food &amp; Water Watch

Food & Water Watch is a Washington, D.C.-based non-governmental organization and consumer rights group which focuses on corporate and government accountability relating to food, water, and fishing. Food and Water Watch employs a four pronged effort focusing on public and policymaker education, lobbying, media, and Internet activism. Food & Water Watch became independent from its parent organization, Public Citizen, in 2005.
Food & Water Watch was the first to break the news of the high rate of salmonella in US chicken processing plants in July 2006. Food and Water Watch has also been critical of the growing bottled water industry for health and environmental concerns. On August 24, 2007, Food & Water Watch announced success in its effort to get Starbucks Coffee to stop using milk originating from rBGH-treated cows, after Starbucks, in a letter to executive director Wenonah Hauter, stated that by December 31, 2007, all of the dairy products used in company-operated stores would be produced with rBGH-free milk.
Charity Watch rates Food & Water Watch an "A" grade.

</doc>
<doc id="5906016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906016" title="Maria Janion">
Maria Janion

Maria Janion (born 24 December 1926, Mońki) is a Polish scholar, critic and theoretician of literature as well as a renowned feminist. She is a Professor at the Institute of Literary Research of the Polish Academy of Sciences, specialising in literary Romanticism.
Janion is also a member of the Polish Academy of Learning. She has an honorary degree of the Gdańsk University. Between the years 1948-1978 she was an active member of Polish United Workers' Party.
1970s and 1980s - member of opposition.
In 1970 Maria Janion joined the secret societes aimed against communism in Poland. She was one of the founders of an independent Society Of Study Courses.
She became more critical to the imposed views and values in regards to polish literature, both old and contemporary and to the Polish views on war, soldiers, heroism, military uprisings and martyrdom. In 1976 she published a study on war and form, discussing the recently published Private Journal of the Warsaw Uprising by Miron Białoszewski. Because she described the journal as a work that portrays war and uprising from a civil, non-mithological, non-heroic perspective, she was widely criticized. She was accused, like Miron Białoszewski, of disgracing Polish values. Her independent opinions, which were winning respect among the students and academic members, as well as her connections to the opposition, caused her to become a potential enemy of the state. 
When the solidarity movement began, Janion signed the letter issued by 64 intellectuals supporting the strikes, yet calling for actions that will not contribute to bloodshed. In 1981 she made an appearance on the Congress of Polish Culture, the event which was interrupted by the introduction of martial law in Poland. She called for the huge national movement, which was so far mainly driven by passion, to be turned into an intellectual effort. 
Romanticism as a revolution of thought.
According to Maria Janion Romanticism is a revolution of thought, which allows different sight into history, nature and humanity. She stressed that in romanticism with time there is increasing importance of a sense of absurd and grotuesque in regards to existence, expressed in irony and melancholy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906017" title="Mega Manila">
Mega Manila

Mega Manila is the term used for the Philippine regions of Central Luzon, Calabarzon, Mimaropa and Metro Manila. It is frequently used in the press, advertising, television, and in radio. The area includes some suburbs with densities exceeding that of cities inside Metro Manila.
Definitions.
Mega Manila, as a loose metropolitan area defined by the Philippine Information Agency (PIA), is divided into the national capital region (Metro Manila) and the suburbs of regions 3 (Central Luzon) and 4 (Calabarzon and Mimaropa). Mega Manila's 2010 population is projected at 35,607,000, or 37.8% of the country's population, and covers roughly half of Luzon, about 50,000 square kilometers, including many rural areas.
TV ratings agency AGB Nielsen Philippines and Kantar Media Philippines consider only Metro Manila and the provinces of Bulacan, Cavite, Laguna and Rizal as "Mega Manila" for their TV ratings gathering (area highlighted in maroon on the map), a much stricter definition than the PIA. Using 2010 census projection figures the area has a population of 25,066,000 or about 26.6% of the population in an area roughly the size of Los Angeles County and average density over 2000 people per square kilometer. As a comparison, only the cities of Tokyo, Jakarta, and Mexico City have reached 25 million people, Shanghai may have but there is not enough detail in suburban statistics on it. 
Non-continuously-built-up areas scattered in this defined region occupy in total less than a third of the regional land area, and have a negligible population. This area has a higher ownership of televisions per household anywhere in the country due to its relative economic prosperity as compared to other areas in the country. Radio ratings agency Radio Research Council (provided by KBP) also provide measurement of audience ratings.
Continuous suburban sprawl, as can be seen from a clear night sky on an plane, would be closest to the TV ratings' definition but some of the sprawl would also be in Batangas. Including this province would push the population (using above source) to about 27.3 million including some non built-up or non-continuously built-up areas.
Broadcast media.
These are radio and TV stations that are seen throughout Mega Manila (not just several provinces), hence this is largely restricted to Metro Manila media outlets, and inactive stations are omitted.

</doc>
<doc id="5906025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906025" title="WBG">
WBG

WBG can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5906027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906027" title="Weil's criterion">
Weil's criterion

In mathematics, Weil's criterion is a criterion of André Weil for the Generalized Riemann Hypothesis to be true. It takes the form of an equivalent statement, to the effect that a certain generalized function is positive definite. 
Weil's idea was formulated first in a 1952 paper. It is based on the explicit formulae of prime number theory, as they apply to Dirichlet L-functions, and other more general global L-functions. A single statement thus combines statements on the complex zeroes of "all" Dirichlet L-functions.
Weil returned to this idea in a 1972 paper, showing how the formulation extended to a larger class of L-functions (Artin-Hecke L-functions); and to the global function field case. Here the inclusion of Artin L-functions, in particular, implicates Artin's conjecture; so that the criterion involves a Generalized Riemann Hypothesis plus Artin Conjecture. 
The case of function fields, of curves over finite fields, is one in which the analogue of the Riemann Hypothesis is known, by Weil's classical work begun in 1940; and Weil also proved the analogue of the Artin Conjecture. Therefore in that setting, the criterion can be used to show the corresponding statement of positive-definiteness does hold.

</doc>
<doc id="5906031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906031" title="Arthur U. Gerber">
Arthur U. Gerber

Arthur Uranus Gerber (1878 – 1960) was a commercial architect who resided in Evanston, Illinois and whose designs included a number of transit stations in the greater Chicago, Illinois area, at least five of which have since been placed onto the National Register of Historic Places.
Styles.
Gerber was known for two major styles: Prairie and Spanish. Not all of his works were of these two styles only, but it was a trademark of his to design in these two styles. The Pines and Beverly Shores stations along the South Shore Line were both of the Spanish style, including stucco walls and red tile roofs. The Kenosha station on 63rd Street and the Dempster station in Skokie are of the Prairie style, somewhat reminiscent of Frank Lloyd Wright style. Other North Shore Line stations were similar.
Remaining works.
Beverly Shores, Dempster, Villa Avenue, and Wilson are still remaining. Beverly Shores is partially an art gallery, partially a train station. Wilson is heavily modified but still a CTA stop. Dempster is standing next to the contemporary CTA terminal, but not used for trains. Villa Avenue is used by the Villa Park Historical Society as a museum. Kenosha's station was given a historic facelift and is used as an educational facility.

</doc>
<doc id="5906036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906036" title="Optical equivalence theorem">
Optical equivalence theorem

The optical equivalence theorem in quantum optics asserts an equivalence between the expectation value of an operator in Hilbert space and the expectation value of its associated function in the phase space formulation with respect to a quasiprobability distribution. The theorem was first reported by George Sudarshan in 1963 for normally ordered operators and generalized later that decade to any ordering. Let Ω be an ordering of the non-commutative creation and annihilation operators, and let formula_1 be an operator that is expressible as a power series in the creation and annihilation operators that satisfies the ordering Ω. Then the optical equivalence theorem is succinctly expressed as
Here, α is understood to be the eigenvalue of the annihilation operator on a coherent state and is replaced formally in the power series expansion of "g". The left side of the above equation is an expectation value in the Hilbert space whereas the right hand side is an expectation value with respect to the quasiprobability distribution. We may write each of these explicitly for better clarity. Let formula_3 be the density operator and formula_4 be the ordering reciprocal to Ω. The quasiprobability distribution associated with Ω is given, at least formally, by
The above framed equation becomes
For example, let Ω be the normal order. This means that "g" can be written in a power series of the following form:
The quasiprobability distribution associated with the normal order is the Glauber-Sudarshan P representation. In these terms, we arrive at
This theorem implies the formal equivalence between expectation values of normally ordered operators in quantum optics and the corresponding complex numbers in classical optics.

</doc>
<doc id="5906043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906043" title="Nathan Gunn">
Nathan Gunn

Nathan T. Gunn (born November 26, 1970, in South Bend, Indiana) is an American operatic baritone who performs regularly around the world. He is an alumnus of the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana where he is currently a professor of voice.
He has appeared in many of the world's well-known opera houses, including the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, the San Francisco Opera, Lyric Opera of Chicago, Houston Grand Opera, Seattle Opera, the Dallas Opera, the Opera Company of Philadelphia, the Pittsburgh Opera, The Santa Fe Opera, The Royal Opera in London, the Paris Opéra, the Bavarian State Opera in Munich, Theater an der Wien in Vienna, Teatro Real in Madrid, and the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Brussels. He has also appeared at the Glyndebourne Festival near London, the Ravinia Festival near Chicago, and the Mostly Mozart Festival in New York City. In 2011, Gunn was featured as a guest star in the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's annual Christmas concert before an audience of 80,000 in Salt Lake City. The concert was broadcast on PBS and was released as an album in 2012 entitled "Once Upon a Christmas."
In the summer of 2015, Gunn is starring in the premiere of a new opera, "Cold Mountain", at The Santa Fe Opera. Gunn's previous Santa Fe performances include a 1998 production of Berlioz’ "Béatrice et Bénédict" as well as a 1999 production of Richard Strauss’ "Ariadne auf Naxos".
While he is noted for his vocal prowess and acting, Gunn has received almost as much fame for his physique, a peculiar feat for an opera singer. He has been dubbed a "barihunk" although as a play on "baritone" and "hunk", he has said he prefers the term "hunkitone." In 2008, he was featured in "People" magazine's list of "The Sexiest Men Alive."
Gunn was appointed a tenured professor of voice in 2007 at the University of Illinois School of Music, and in 2013 he was named general director of the Lyric Theater @ Illinois. In 2012 the Opera Company of Philadelphia appointed him director of its American Repertoire Council promoting new American works. His wife, Julie Jordan Gunn, who holds a doctorate (A. Mus. D.) in vocal coaching & accompanying from U. of I., was also appointed associate professor in collaborative piano at U. of I. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906070" title="The Groove Thing">
The Groove Thing

The Groove Thing is a Scandinavian record company based at Stocksund in Sweden, specialising in dance record releases. The label is an offshoot of TMC Records (The Music Company)

</doc>
<doc id="5906074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906074" title="Kookaburra Sport">
Kookaburra Sport

Kookaburra is an Australian sports equipment company, specialising in cricket and field hockey equipment, named after the Australian kingfisher. The company notably manufactures the most widely used brand of ball used in One-day internationals and Test cricket.
The company was founded in 1890 as A.G. Thompson Pty Ltd by Alfred Grace Thompson, a migrant harness and saddle maker who turned to manufacturing cricket balls when his livelihood was threatened by the advent of the motor car. In the mid-1980s, the company diversified into manufacturing the full range of cricket bats, clothing, footwear and protective equipment.
Kookaburra today
In addition to its Australian operations, Kookaburra has offices in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, South Africa, and India.
Kookaburra's Turf Cricket Ball has been used exclusively in Australia, New Zealand and South African Test Cricket since 1946.
The company sponsors a junior cricket tournament called the Kookaburra Cup. It also has endorsement deals with many players including former Australia Captain Ricky Ponting and Abraham de Villiers of South Africa.
Current ranges of equipment are Kahuna, Midas, Bubble II and Viper. Previous ranges include Diablo, Genesis, Sword, Ice, Beast and CCX. In 2013, Kookaburra will be releasing two new ranges called the Ricochet and the Menace.
Kookaburra also manufacture hockey sticks and equipment which are used by many top international players such Liam De Young, Charlotte Craddock, Madonna Blyth and Marsha Marescia. Flagship stick models include the Phoenix L-Bow, Dragon M-Bow and the I-Bow Vendetta stick.
The Kookaburra Dimple Elite hockey ball has been used in all Olympic Games from 1984, 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008.
Endorsements.
The following players have endorsement deals with Kookaburra:

</doc>
<doc id="5906080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906080" title="Peter Kingsbery">
Peter Kingsbery

Peter Kingsbery (born December 2, 1952 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American singer songwriter who cofounded the band Cock Robin in the 1980s. He grew up in Austin (Texas) where he studied classical music. He moved to Nashville (Tennessee) where he began his career as a musician (he accompanied Brenda Lee on piano on a few tours) and then to Los Angeles at the end of the '70s where he began a career as a singer/songwriter. He composed a few songs for Smokey Robinson, and one of his compositions, "Pilot Error", sung by Stephanie Mills, got some success in the dance charts in 1983. At the beginning of the '80s, he founded the group Cock Robin with Anna LaCazio, Clive Wright and Lou Molino III which enjoyed great success in Western Europe mainly. Failing to break their native country with a first self-titled album in 1985, the quartet became a duo of Kingsbery and LaCazio when they released their second album in 1987. After the band split up in the early 1990s after a third album, Peter Kingsbery enjoyed a fairly successful solo career, releasing four albums over a decade, and scoring a major hit in France with the song "Only the Very Best." With his fourth album he tried his luck singing in French, the language of his adopted country (living there since some years back).
He has since reformed Cock Robin with Anna LaCazio and on/off former member Clive Wright in 2006 and has released one studio album "I Don't Want to Save the World" the same year and a "Live" album in 2009. A new studio album "Songs From A Bell Tower" was released in October 2010.
Solo career.
After the band split in 1990, Peter Kingsbery pursued a solo career in France, where he settled. Kingsbery speaks fluent French and is much more famous in France than he is in his native U.S.A.
After signing with a new label (Barclay), he recorded his first solo album "A Different Man" in 1991 in California that he co-produced with his friend, drummer Pat Mastelotto. Kingsbery broadened his skills by not only playing the piano or organ but also the accordion. Breaking with the style of Cock Robin, he introduced more classical instruments such as wind instruments (saxophone, flute, trombone and euphonium) or traditional as the "oud" (or lute, giving Slavic accents to the song "Hélène"). Other than Mastelotto, some of the musicians who recorded this album with Kingsbery participated in the venture of Cock Robin: Clive Wright, John Pierce, Corky James and Tim Pierce. Phil Solem of The Rembrandts, also contributed to this album. Contrary to what he used to do in the Cock Robin albums, Kingsbery recorded a cover version of "How Can I Be Sure", a hit by the band The Rascals dating from 1968. The album which originally included 10 songs, was re-released with 2 extra tracks "Love In Motion" and "The Sublime" for the international market. It was followed by a tour in France, where he only played the piano in small clubs all over the country and Paris (in 1992, he played to a packed Théâtre Grévin).
Shortly after, Kingsbery participated in the concept album musical "Tycoon", the English version of the French cult musical "Starmania" by Michel Berger & Luc Plamondon, with English lyrics by Tim Rice. He sang "Only The Very Best", which became a major hit in France in 1992, and also the song "Ego Trip" on the album.
A few years later, in 1995, he released his second solo album "Once In A Million". Recorded in various studios (in Los Angeles, London, Paris, Toulouse, Biarritz and Brussels), he continued to use classical instruments (strings, trumpet and harmonica). Besides his usual contributing musicians like Clive Wright and Pat Mastelotto, he enrolled some French players with the likes of drummer Hervé Coster or jazz musician Stephane Belmondo. This album was also followed by a tour in small venues in France.
Released in 1997, "Pretty Ballerina", the third solo studio album stands out from the others for several reasons. First, it's been entirely recorded in France (Charenton, Carpentras and Paris) with the participation of French front musicians such as Mathieu Chedid. Also, uniquely in the discography of this singer-songwriter, the album title is not taken from one of his original songs but from the American band The Left Banke's song dating from 1966-1967. Lastly, it includes a few reprises, notably "Brand New Year" in a new version from Kingsbery's own previous album, but most of all the song "More Than Willing", from Cock Robin's first album, where Anna LaCazio his ex-partner in the band sings with him again, hinting at a reunion that would eventually happen a few years later.
The recording pace slows down in the years that followed, Kingsbery continuing to perform in small venues. It was not until 2002 that the singer's new album could be found in stores, completely atypical both in style and in the language: with the exception of one song, the CD is entirely sung in French. It was an audacious gamble, and Kingsbery for once did not write the lyrics but had to ask a French songwriter, Patrice Guirao for help. It is also musically daring with a large emphasis placed on synths and rhythmic power.
None of the four albums by Peter Kingsbery have achieved the success of the Cock Robin ones and Kingsbery never returned to his previous level of popularity, not even in France. In 2006, Peter Kingsbery found himself again at the front of the stage with the return of Cock Robin.
In June 2012, Peter Kingsbery was the featured vocalist on Danish duo "Terminal Argh"'s debut-single "Middle of a Western", digitally released by Mabel The Label. Lyrics and melodies by Peter Kingsbery, music and production by Umpff.
Discography.
See also the Cock Robin discography.

</doc>
<doc id="5906090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906090" title="Richmond railway station (North Yorkshire)">
Richmond railway station (North Yorkshire)

Richmond railway station was a railway station that served the town of Richmond in North Yorkshire, England.
History.
Richmond station was the terminus of the now closed Eryholme-Richmond branch line. 
In 1845, the Great North of England Railway (GNER) was granted powers to construct a branch line from Coopers House near Dalton, six miles south of Darlington, to Richmond. While construction of the line was underway the GNER was reconstituted as the York & Newcastle Railway, and it was this company which opened the line on 1846. Although the line opened on 10 September 1846, the present station at Richmond was not opened until 9 April 1847, a temporary wooden platform being provided in the interim.
The line from Dalton Junction (renamed Eryholme Junction in 1911) had stations at Moulton, Scorton and Catterick Bridge, and was double track throughout. These stations are rare in that they were designed in a Tudor style by architect G. T. Andrews. The exuberant architectural style of the early railway stations reflects the desire of the railway companies to promote their new form of travel as a high status experience.
The line crossed the River Swale at Easby and terminated in the Parish of St Martins on the south bank of the Swale opposite the town of Richmond. The station layout consisted of much more than just the main station building now known as "The Station". Generous facilities were provided for goods traffic, together with facilities for railway operations and staff accommodation. The principal features were:
In addition to this the railway constructed a road bridge over the River Swale and built a road up in to the town to provide access to the station. This bridge with four gothic arches of 52 feet span and 10 feet rise was designed by Robert Stephenson, Engineer–in-Chief of the York & Newcastle Railway and son of George Stephenson (Although some sources credit GT Andrews). This bridge was almost unique in that it was a railway owned bridge carrying a road over a river. It was taken over by the Town Council about 1920 but still retains its North Eastern Railway bridge plates – No 8. This bridge is now known as Mercury Bridge in honour of the close association between the town and the Royal Corps of Signals.
The main station building was the work of the architect GT Andrews of York was specifically designed for Richmond to blend in with the buildings and character of this historic market town. The two ridge train shed covered a platform line and two sidings. The original platform was both low and short, extending only a short distance outside the train shed. This was subsequently lengthened in 1860 and the front edge raised resulting in a downward slope towards the floor level of the offices, which survived until the recent renovations. The platform was further lengthened in 1915 to cope with the increased military traffic from the newly established Catterick Camp, and in its final form was 268 yards long.
The train shed was open at the south end and lit by gas. (Electricity was not provided until after the Second World War!). The station building included:
At a later date a wooden ticket collectors booth was provided next to the main entrance and in the 20th century there was a small wooden bookstall operated by WH Smiths, which closed in 1940.
The York & Newcastle Railway only survived for a further seven years after the opening of the line, becoming part of the North Eastern Railway in 1854. The NER era lasted for nearly seventy years until 1923 when it became part of the London & North Eastern Railway under the Grouping of railways following the First World War. The LNER itself lasted only twenty five years until the railways were nationalized in 1948 when Richmond became part of the North Eastern Region of British Railways.
Few substantial alterations were made to the station building over the years. As mentioned, the platform was lengthened in 1860, again in 1892, and for a second time in about 1915. The rearrangements of the offices and waiting rooms was carried out during the First World War, and at about the same time the large window at the buffer stop end of the platform was opened up to create a large door for handling parcels traffic.
The station bookstall was removed in 1940 and during the Second World War the Stationmaster's Office was requisitioned by the army as the Railway Transport Officer (RTO) Office. The RTO also had a temporary wooden office under the Port Cochere. Electric lighting was finally installed in the late 1940s, but apart from that little was spent on the building in British Railways days. In the 1950s the rotten wooden screen above the platform lone was patched with zinc sheeting, and by the time of closure there were gaps in the wooden screen, smoke louvers and roof lights.
BR proposed closure of the line in 1963 but this was vigorously opposed by the local community and the proposal was withdrawn. However the line was progressively run down over the next few years. Goods traffic was withdrawn in 1967 and this enabled the railway to lift all the sidings, including the two in the train shed, and remove all the signals. The station was finally closed on 3 March 1969. The remaining track was lifted and the building lay derelict until the whole site was acquired by the District Council.
Before the line was closed the station was included in the List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest, it is a Grade II* listed building.
After closure.
The station complex consists of Station Bridge, renamed Mercury Bridge in 1975, the passenger terminus, the goods shed, engine shed, gas house, depot manager's house, Station Cottages and the station master's house. The houses were sold off and still survive.
The goods shed was demolished but the rest of the railway infrastructure survives including the bridge which continues to form part of the main road between Richmond and Catterick Garrison, the A6136.
Eventually the passenger terminus became a popular Farm and Garden Centre, though it closed in 2001.
In 2003 a community-based project to regenerate Richmond Station was given the go ahead. The aims of the project, which was spearheaded by the Richmondshire Building Preservation Trust, were:
The building re-opened - named simply The Station - on 9 November 2007, with two cinema screens, a restaurant and café-bar, an art gallery, a heritage centre, a number of rooms for public use, and a range of artisan food-producers.

</doc>
<doc id="5906093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906093" title="German submarine U-2331">
German submarine U-2331

German submarine "U-2331" was a Type XXIII U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II and intended for service against allied shipping in coastal waters. She was a brand new, high-technology electric U-boat which was lost when only one month old in a bizarre training accident in the Baltic Sea. Built at Hamburg, she was constructed at speed, as she and her sisters were seen as war winning weapons and thus vitally important to the German war effort.
Completed in September 1944, "U-2331" was undergoing a fast-track working-up period in the Baltic under her commander "Oblt.z.S." Hans-Walter Pahl under the observation of Klaus Vernier, a highly experienced U-boat commander and tactical expert. On 10 October, just 28 days after her completion, "U-2331" dived and failed to surface in the sea off the Hel Peninsula. Four of the reduced crew (including the captain), escaped the sinking ship but 15 did not, including Vernier.
The Kriegsmarine conducted an investigation into the loss, at which it was revealed that either the captain or Vernier had ordered the submarine to submerge whilst travelling in reverse, thus unbalancing the boat and causing it to sink uncontrollably. A handful of men on the conning tower survived as the boat sank under them. The wreck was raised and taken to Gotenhafen, but the time submerged underwater had irreparably damaged the boat's systems, and the remains were scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="5906095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906095" title="Väinö Liikkanen">
Väinö Liikkanen

Väinö Liikkanen (1 November 1903 – 15 October 1957) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1920s and 1930s.
He was born in Virolahti.
Liikkanen won a silver medal in the 50 km event at the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York. He finished 9th in the shorter cross-country skiing event at the same Olympics.
He also won two medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold in the 4 x 10 km (1935) and a bronze in the 18 km (1933).

</doc>
<doc id="5906096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906096" title="Rick Ufford-Chase">
Rick Ufford-Chase

Rick Ufford-Chase, born in York, Pennsylvania, is a peace activist and long-time member of the Southside Presbyterian Church in Tucson, Arizona. He was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the 216th General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) on June 26, 2004. Ufford-Chase was 40 years old at the time, the youngest PC (USA) moderator in recent history. Ufford-Chase was the first Presbyterian Church (USA) moderator to serve for two years. Previous moderators served one-year terms.
Biography.
Ufford-Chase is a graduate of Dallastown Area High School, he has a bachelor's degree from Colorado College and entered Princeton Theological Seminary, but says he soon discovered that his call was not to be an ordained minister, but to serve in ministry as an elder. He has received honorary degrees from Hastings College and Bloomfield College (2006), Austin College (2007), and Eden Theological Seminary (2008). He also received the Dignitas Humana Award for Human Rights work from St. John's School of Theology and Seminary in Collegeville, MN (2007).
Activism.
Ufford-Chase founded BorderLinks, a bi-national organization that tries to connect and educate people of faith on both sides of the U.S./Mexico border. He had served BorderLinks for 17 years prior to being elected as the Presbyterian Church's moderator. He leads a Migrant Trail walk, a 120-kilometre trek, in early June through the Sonoran Desert.
Ufford-Chase also worked with the Evangelical Center for Pastoral Studies in Central America in Guatemala, and has been a co-moderator of Presbyterian Peace Fellowship. With his wife, Kitty, he has been trained to serve as a reservist with Christian Peacemaker Teams, an organization that has sent teams of "accompaniers" to Colombia, Iraq, Palestine and the U.S./Mexico border region.
On December 12, 2005, he spoke at Arizona Major State Day, at the Washington National Cathedral.
In April 2006, he visited the First Presbyterian Reformed Church of Havana.
In June 2006, after the end of his term as PC (USA) moderator, Ufford-Chase accepted a call as the Executive Director of the Presbyterian Peace Fellowship. While there, and acting as the first full-time appointed Executive Director, Ufford-Chase was a founding member of both the Christian Peace Witness for Iraq, and the Olive Branch Interfaith Peace Partnership.
In March 2008, Ufford-Chase with his wife Kitty were named transitional co-directors of Stony Point Center, a conference center of the Presbyterian Church (USA) in Stony Point, New York. While assuming this position with his wife in August 2008, Ufford-Chase continues half-time as Director of the Presbyterian Peace Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="5906098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906098" title="Wojtek (bear)">
Wojtek (bear)

Wojtek (1942–1963; ) usually spelled "Voytek" in English, was a Syrian brown bear cub found in Iran and adopted by soldiers of the 22nd Artillery Supply Company of the Polish II Corps. During the Battle of Monte Cassino, Wojtek helped move ammunition. The name "Wojtek" is a diminutive form of "Wojciech", an old Slavic name that is still common in Poland today and means "he who enjoys war" or "smiling warrior". 
History.
In 1942, a local boy found a bear cub near Hamadan, Iran, whose mother had been shot. He sold it to Irena (Inka) Bokiewicz, a young Polish refugee walking across the Elbruz mountains as she escaped from the Soviet Union. When he became too big she donated him to the Polish Army. As the bear was less than a year old, he initially had problems swallowing and was fed with condensed milk from an emptied vodka bottle. The bear was subsequently fed with fruit, marmalade, honey and syrup, and was often rewarded with beer, which became his favourite drink. He also enjoyed smoking and eating cigarettes. He enjoyed wrestling and was taught to salute when greeted. The bear became quite an attraction for soldiers and civilians alike, and soon became an unofficial mascot of all units stationed nearby. With the company he moved to Iraq and then through Syria, Palestine and Egypt.
Private Wojtek.
To get him on a British transport ship when the unit sailed from Egypt to fight with the British 8th Army in the Italian campaign, he was officially drafted into the Polish Army as a Private and was listed among the soldiers of the 22nd Artillery Supply Company of the Polish II Corps. Henryk Zacharewicz and Dymitr Szawlugo were assigned as his caretakers.
As an officially enlisted "soldier" of the company, he lived with the other men in their tents or in a special wooden crate, which was transported by truck. According to numerous accounts, during the Battle of Monte Cassino Wojtek helped by transporting ammunition – never dropping a single crate. In recognition of the bear's popularity, the HQ approved an effigy of a bear carrying an artillery shell as the official emblem of the 22nd Company (by then renamed to 22nd Transport Company).
Postwar.
Following the end of World War II in 1945, the bear was transported to Berwickshire in Scotland, along with parts of the II Corps. Stationed in the village of Hutton, near Duns, Wojtek soon became popular among local civilians and the press. The Polish-Scottish Association made Wojtek one of its honorary members. Following demobilization on November 15, 1947, Wojtek was given to the Edinburgh Zoo. There he spent the rest of his days, often visited by journalists and former Polish soldiers, some of whom would toss him cigarettes, which he proceeded to eat because there was no one there to light them for him. Wojtek died in December 1963, at the age of 22. At the time of his death he weighed nearly and was over 6 feet (1.8 meters) tall.
Media attention contributed to Wojtek's popularity. He was a frequent guest on BBC's "Blue Peter" program. Among memorial plaques commemorating the bear-soldier are a stone tablet in Edinburgh Zoo, plaques in the Imperial War Museum and Canadian War Museum in Ottawa, as well as a sculpture by artist David Harding in the Sikorski Museum, London and a carved wooden sculpture in Weelsby Woods, Grimsby. There are proposals to erect a memorial in Edinburgh. On 25 April 2013, Kraków city council decided to erect a statue of the bear in Park Jordana one of the city's parks. It was erected on 18th May 2014. 
On December 30, 2011, a film, "Wojtek – The Bear That Went to War", was broadcast on BBC2 Scotland.
On September 16, 2013 the City of Edinburgh Council approved the erection of a bronze statue of Wojtek to stand in the city's Princes Street Gardens. The statue is to represent Wojtek and a Polish Army Soldier walking in peace and unity. A 4m long relief will present his journey from Egypt to Scotland alongside the Polish Army. 
On May 18, 2014 a bronze statue of Wojtek was unveiled in Krakow's Park Jordana. 
External links.
[http://karolak.info.pl/wojtek-niedzwiedz-ktory-zostal-zolnierzem/] - article in Polish with lots of links about Wojtek
S

</doc>
<doc id="5906100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906100" title="Mississippi's 1st congressional district">
Mississippi's 1st congressional district

Mississippi's 1st congressional district is in the northeast corner of the state. It includes much of the northern portion of the state including Columbus, Oxford, Southaven, and Tupelo. One of the state's major universities, the University of Mississippi, is located within the district at Oxford.
From statehood to the election of 1846, Mississippi elected representatives at-large statewide on a general ticket.
The congressional seat is held by Alan Nunnelee. In the November 2010 election, Alan Nunnelee defeated Democratic incumbent Travis Childers, Constitutionalist Gail Giaramita, Independent Conservative Party candidate Wally Pang of Batesville, Libertarian Harold Taylor, and Reformist Barbara Dale Washer.

</doc>
<doc id="5906119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906119" title="Glauber–Sudarshan P representation">
Glauber–Sudarshan P representation

The Glauber-Sudarshan P representation is a suggested way of writing down the phase space distribution of a quantum system in the phase space formulation of quantum mechanics. The P representation is the quasiprobability distribution in which observables are expressed in normal order. In quantum optics, this representation, formally equivalent to several other representations, is sometimes championed over alternative representations to describe light in optical phase space, because typical optical observables, such as the particle number operator, are naturally expressed in normal order. It is named after George Sudarshan and Roy J. Glauber, who were working on the topic in 1963. It was the subject of a controversy when Glauber was awarded a share of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work in this field and George Sudarshan's contribution was not recognized.
Definition.
We wish to construct a function formula_1 with the property that the density matrix formula_2 is diagonal in the basis of coherent states formula_3, i.e.
We also wish to construct the function such that the expectation value of a normally ordered operator satisfies the optical equivalence theorem. This implies that the density matrix should be in "anti"-normal order so that we can express the density matrix as a power series
Inserting the identity operator
we see that
and thus we formally assign
More useful integral formulas for "P" are necessary for any practical calculation. One method is to define the characteristic function
and then take the Fourier transform
Another useful integral formula for "P" is
Note that both of these integral formulas do "not" converge in any usual sense for "typical" systems . We may also use the matrix elements of formula_2 in the Fock basis formula_13. The following formula shows that it is "always" possible to write the density matrix in this diagonal form without appealing to operator orderings using the inversion (given here for a single mode):
where "r" and "θ" are the amplitude and phase of "α". Though this is a full formal solution of this possibility, it requires infinitely many derivatives of Dirac delta functions, far beyond the reach of any ordinary tempered distribution theory.
Discussion.
If the quantum system has a classical analog, e.g. a coherent state or thermal radiation, then "P" is non-negative everywhere like an ordinary probability distribution. If, however, the quantum system has no classical analog, e.g. an incoherent Fock state or entangled system, then "P" is negative somewhere or more singular than a Dirac delta function. Such "negative probability" or high degree of singularity is a feature inherent to the representation and does not diminish the meaningfulness of expectation values taken with respect to "P". Even if "P" does behave like an ordinary probability distribution, however, the matter is not quite so simple. According to Mandel and Wolf: "The different coherent states are not orthogonal, so that even if formula_15 behaved like a true probability density [function, it would not describe probabilities of mutually exclusive states."
Examples.
Thermal radiation.
From statistical mechanics arguments in the Fock basis, the mean photon number of a mode with wavevector k and polarization state "s" for a black body at temperature "T" is known to be
The "P" representation of the black body is
In other words, every mode of the black body is normally distributed in the basis of coherent states. Since "P" is positive and bounded, this system is essentially classical. This is actually quite a remarkable result because for thermal equilibrium the density matrix is also diagonal in the Fock basis, but Fock states are non-classical.
Highly singular example.
Even very simple-looking states may exhibit highly non-classical behavior. Consider a superposition of two coherent states
where "c0" "c1" are constants subject to the normalizing constraint
Note that this is quite different from a qubit because formula_20 and formula_21 are not orthogonal. As it is straightforward to calculate formula_22, we can use the Mehta formula above to compute "P":
Despite having infinitely many derivatives of delta functions, "P" still obeys the optical equivalence theorem. If the expectation value of the number operator, for example, is taken with respect to the state vector or as a phase space average with respect to "P", the two expectation values match:

</doc>
<doc id="5906134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906134" title="Don Hilary Gingery">
Don Hilary Gingery

Don Hilary Gingery (February 19, 1884 – October 15, 1961) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Don Gingery was born in Woodland, Pennsylvania, and moved to Clearfield, Pennsylvania, in 1892. He attended the Mercersburg Academy, and the Ohio Northern University at Ada, Ohio. He was engaged in the hardware and mine-supply business from 1902 to 1934, and also as a civil engineer in 1903. Gingery was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives in 1915 and 1916. He served in the Pennsylvania National Guard, in grades from private to captain from 1902 to 1906. He was chairman of the Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, Democratic committee in 1916 and 1917, and a member of the Democratic State committee in 1919 and 1920. He was a member of the official delegation attending the inauguration of President Manuel L. Quezon of the Philippines at Manila, in 1935.
Gingery was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. He was associated with the Bituminous Coal Division of the Coal Mines Administration, and the Solid Fuels Administration for War of the United States Department of the Interior, at Altoona, Pennsylvania, from 1939 to 1946. He was a delegate to 1948 Democratic National Convention from Pennsylvania. He died in Clearfield and is buried in Hillcrest Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5906140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906140" title="The Last Warning">
The Last Warning

The Last Warning (1929) is a mystery film directed by Paul Leni. It is a companion piece to Universal Pictures 1927 production of "The Cat and the Canary". This was the last film directed by Leni before his death from blood poisoning in Los Angeles on September 2, 1929. It was adapted from the 1922 Broadway melodrama mystery "The Last Warning" written by Thomas F. Fallon based on the story "The House of Fear" by Wadsworth Camp, the father of the writer Madeleine L'Engle. The play ran for 238 performances from October 23, 1922, until May 1923 at the Klaw Theatre.
"The Last Warning" was re-made in 1939 by Joe May under the title "The House of Fear".
Synopsis.
Five years after a theater was closed following a murder of one of its actors during a performance, a producer decides to solve the mystery by again staging the play with the remaining cast. During the repeat performance another murder occurs. Eventually it is discovered that the murders were part a ploy devised by the stage manager to sabotage the production.

</doc>
<doc id="5906153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906153" title="WBHA">
WBHA

WBHA (1190 AM) is a radio station licensed to Wabasha, Minnesota and is owned by Q Media Group, LLC and airs a country music format.

</doc>
<doc id="5906177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906177" title="Soul Train Music Award for Heritage Award – Career Achievement">
Soul Train Music Award for Heritage Award – Career Achievement

The Soul Train Music Award winners for Heritage Award - Career Achievement awarded from 1987 to 1997.
See also.
Quincy Jones Award for Career Achievement

</doc>
<doc id="5906181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906181" title="Blair Rasmussen">
Blair Rasmussen

Blair Allen Rasmussen (born November 13, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Denver Nuggets in the first round (15th overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 7'0" center from the University of Oregon, Rasmussen played in eight seasons in the NBA from 1985 to 1993. He played for the Nuggets from 1985 to 1991 and for the Atlanta Hawks from 1991 to 1993. Rasmussen's best year as a pro came during the 1990–91 season as a member of the Nuggets, when he appeared in 70 games (69 starts) and averaged 12.5 points per game and 1.9 blocks per game.

</doc>
<doc id="5906197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906197" title="List of Hawaii hurricanes">
List of Hawaii hurricanes

A Hawaiian hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the Pacific Ocean and affects the Hawaiian Islands. Hawaii lies in the central Pacific, where about four or five tropical cyclones appear each year, although as many as eleven have occurred, such as in the 1992 and 1994 seasons; rarely do these storms actually affect Hawaii. Tropical cyclone records were not kept before the 1950s. Earlier windstorms that struck Hawaii were not labeled as hurricanes.
List of tropical cyclones.
This list contains every tropical cyclone that had a somewhat notable effect on the State of Hawaii.
Listed by month.
38 tropical cyclones have affected Hawaii since 1949. 
Deadliest storms.
12 people have died in Hawaii as a result of tropical cyclones since 1949. 
Hawaii's apparent immunity to most hurricanes.
The islands of Hawaii, with Kauai as the notable exception, appear to be remarkably immune from direct hurricane hits. The USGS states that "more commonly, near-misses that generate large swell and moderately high winds causing varying degrees of damage are the hallmark of hurricanes passing close to the islands." This has also drawn media attention.
One notion is that Hawaii’s volcanic peaks slow down or divert storms. A partial source of this idea may be the long list of hurricanes in the above paragraphs that dissipated into tropical storms or depressions upon approaching the islands. Satellite images of hurricane Flossie's breakup when approaching Hawaii Island fueled this idea. Another example may be hurricane Felicia which dropped from Category 4 down to a tropical depression with residual winds predicted at only .
Wind data in particular supports the USGS assertion that hurricane damage has been low on all islands except for Kauai. Data collected by the Western Regional Climate Center show no hurricane-strength winds on any Hawaii Islands with the exception of Kauai. Despite this data, FEMA classified all of Hawaii as being in a "Wind-Borne Debris Region".
Before Hurricane Iniki in 1992, a standard homeowner's insurance policy with extended coverage provided hurricane coverage. Since Iniki, many insurance policies exclude hurricane and a separate hurricane policy is required to obtain hurricane coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="5906203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906203" title="Seasons of the Heart (film)">
Seasons of the Heart (film)

Seasons of the Heart was a 1993 Christian drama film starring Leigh Lombardi and Sam Hennings.
Plot.
Martha and Jed Richards live in Oregon in 1862. They and their two daughters moved there to make a new life, but the daughters died of cholera along the way. This has left Martha an emotional wreck, and she is unable to move on with her life. That is until an orphan named Danny comes to live with them. Jed immediately accepts Danny as his son, but Martha is still too upset to be able to love him. As time passes, however, she finds herself more and more able to accept him as part of the family.

</doc>
<doc id="5906207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906207" title="ACVR2B">
ACVR2B

Activin receptor type-2B is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ACVR2B" gene. ACVR2B is an activin type 2 receptor.
Function.
Activins are dimeric growth and differentiation factors which belong to the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) superfamily of structurally related signaling proteins. Activins signal through a heteromeric complex of receptor serine kinases which include at least two type I (I and IB) and two type II (II and IIB) receptors. These receptors are all transmembrane proteins, composed of a ligand-binding extracellular domain with cysteine-rich region, a transmembrane domain, and a cytoplasmic domain with predicted serine/threonine specificity. Type I receptors are essential for signaling; and type II receptors are required for binding ligands and for expression of type I receptors. Type I and II receptors form a stable complex after ligand binding, resulting in phosphorylation of type I receptors by type II receptors. Type II receptors are considered to be constitutively active kinases. This gene encodes activin A type IIB receptor, which displays a 3- to 4-fold higher affinity for the ligand than activin A type II receptor.
Interactions.
ACVR2B has been shown to interact with ACVR1B and SYNJ2BP. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906210" title="Elis Wiklund">
Elis Wiklund

Elis Wiklund (December 12, 1909, Ullånger, Ångermanland – March 15, 1982) is a former Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won the 50 km event at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
He won the 50 km event at the 1934 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5906229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906229" title="Alan Senitt">
Alan Senitt

Alan Senitt (26 December 1978 – 9 July 2006) was a British political activist whose murder in Washington, DC garnered media attention. He had just graduated with an MA in International Studies and Diplomacy from the prestigious School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.
From Pinner, North London, he had previously attended Nower Hill High School and Senitt was a former chairman of the Union of Jewish Students. He stood as the Labour Party candidate in Edgware, North London, in the May 2006 local elections.
He worked with Lord Greville Janner, a member of the House of Lords and vice-president of the World Jewish Congress in 2005, as director of the Coexistence Trust charity. He also worked for the All-Party British-Israel Parliamentary Group and the British Israel Communications and Research Centre. He moved to the United States in June 2006 to volunteer for Mark Warner's political action committee Forward Together.
Senitt was murdered in the Georgetown area of Washington, D.C. early on 9 July 2006. Senitt, 27, was escorting a female friend home when they were confronted by three males; at least one had a gun, and one had a knife. One attempted to sexually assault the woman while the other two assailants grabbed Senitt, stabbed him and slashed his throat. Then they fled, riding away in a car driven by a woman. Four suspects were arrested the same day. Christopher Piper, 25, was charged with felony murder and attempted sexual assault. Jeffery Rice, 22; Olivia Miles, 26; and a 15-year-old boy whom police declined to identify because he has been charged as a juvenile, were all arrested for murder charges. The juvenile later pled guilty to murder, as well as other charges, and has been sentenced.
On 21 May 2007, Piper and Rice pleaded guilty to robbing and killing Alan, and committing other robberies in the city. They were sentenced 24 August to 37 and 52 years respectively in prison by the D.C. Superior Court.

</doc>
<doc id="5906238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906238" title="EuroIndia Centre">
EuroIndia Centre

The EuroIndia Centre is registered in France as a non-profit organisation. It was founded in 2001 with the former French Prime Minister Raymond Barre and the present Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as its presidents. 
The EuroIndia Centre, a private institution financed by individual, public and corporate donations and membership dues, functions as a networking organisation aiming to bring together prominent personalities, businesses and other bodies from Europe and India, particularly in the fields of urban planning, civic management and heritage management.
Colette Mathur, formerly responsible for Asia at the World Economic Forum, is the current President of the EuroIndia Centre.
EuroIndia Centre is headquartered in La Rochelle, France with additional offices in Mumbai, India.

</doc>
<doc id="5906257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906257" title="WEHS">
WEHS

WEHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906258" title="1983 Israel bank stock crisis">
1983 Israel bank stock crisis

The Bank stock crisis was a financial crisis that occurred in Israel in 1983, during which the stocks of the four largest banks in Israel collapsed, and were nationalized by the state.
Background.
During the 1970s, Bank Hapoalim, and its dominant manager, Yaakov Levinson, began trying to control the bank's stock price in the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. To this end they recommended to their customers to invest in the bank's stocks. These investments allowed the bank to increase its available capital for investments, loans, etc. To get customers to continue investing in the bank's stock, the bank began buying back its own stock, thus creating the appearance of constant demand for the stock, and constantly increasing its value. The bank also gave out generous loans to allow the customers to continue their investments, also profiting from the interest.
These manipulations, or adjustments of the stock prices, by artificially creating demand, seemed to the other banks like a good way of procuring capital from the public, and they slowly adopted the practice as well. Eventually all major banks manipulated their stock price this way, among them Bank Leumi, Discount Bank, Bank Igud, Bank HaMizrachi, and Bank Clali ("General Bank", now U-Bank). The only prominent bank not to join the adjustments frenzy was HaBank HaBinleumi (a.k.a. the First International Bank of Israel - FIBI).
The adjustments were performed through the use of other companies. For example, Bank Leumi used the "Holdings and Development of The Jewish Colonial Trust Company". The funding for these actions originated in loans from the bank's pension funds and similar sources. Sometimes the banks would practice mutual purchases - one bank would sell its stocks to a second bank, and buy the second bank's stocks for a similar sum.
Under the pressure of the Israeli Securities and Exchange Commission, the banks reported the adjustments in their reports, but these reports were partial, misleading, and sometimes even false. Toward their clients the bank's acted in manner later described by the Beisky Commission as based in their own interests, ignoring the clients' interests.
The adjustment were made possible, in large part, due the banks' unique ownership structure. Bank Hapoalim was controlled by the Histadrut labor union's Workers Company (Hevrat HaOvdim) and Bank Leumi by the "Jewish Colonial Trust". The Hapoel HaMizrachi organisation had almost none of Bank HaMizrachi's stocks, but all of its control shares. The owners' representatives were usually members of the ruling political parties (especially Alignment, and the National Religious Party, or close to them). The banks' managers ran the banks for owners who understood little of banking, and did not involve themselves in these actions. The fourth major bank to join this practice, Discount Bank, was held by the Recanatti Family. Its head, Rafael Recanatti joined the adjustments practice reluctantly, unable to resist the temptation. They later continued the adjustments, unable to stop. 
Also contributing to the possibility of the adjustment was the capital structure of the Israeli market. During the years following the establishment of the State of Israel, the governments used the banks as a channel for procuring capital, and instructed them on how to invest their funds. This level of control, coupled with the control of interest rates, allowed the government to effectively "print money", by getting the banks to buy government bonds. Additionally, the banks usually assumed that since their investments and loans in major players of the Israeli market, such as the Kibutzim, were according to the government's wishes, the government would guarantee these loans. 
Due to these reasons, the banks believed they could act as they pleased, without fearing the consequences. The banks used the adjustments to get "easy money" by issuing more and more stocks, until, during the 1980s, the banks' stocks accounted for more than 90% of all issued stocks in the stock market. They used the capital thus gained to give out loans and invest, often without due inspection of the debtor's creditworthiness. Also, the banks grew exponentially, building hundreds of new branches and hiring thousands of new employees. The banks' managers paid themselves lavish salaries, and expended money based on the banks' nominal profits, completely unrelated to their real profits. 
The large banks got addicted to the easy capital, but this method soon became a trap. Like the government, fearing recession, the banks avoided any move to limit their expenses. They feared for the pockets and jobs of the managers, but also the fact that the first bank to make such a move would appear inferior compared to the other banks.
All of the regulatory bodies were well aware of the adjustments regime, but aside from slight warnings, easily dismissed by the banks' managers, did nothing, failing even to warn the public. The Minister of the Treasury, Aridor, even remarked on television that had he had the funds to do so, he would invest in the stock market.
The adjustments were based in the promise of a constant rise in the banks' stock prices, irrelevant of the economic situation. The artificial prices thus achieved created an Economic bubble, where everyone involved continued investing growing sums of money for lesser returns. Every new issue of bank stocks further destabilized them, since more of the capital was invested in maintaining the adjustment regime, instead of profitable loans. Also, as the bank stock market share grew, the adjustment became weaker, as every cent (Agora, actually) invested by them became a smaller part of the total invested capital.
The real gain (i.e. over and above the Consumer price index) by investing in the banks' stocks diminished, from a 41% gain in 1980, to 34% in 1981, to 28% in 1982. Other investment options, especially purchasing US Dollars became more appealing, and the banks had to transfer more and more funds from their offshore tax havens to keep maintaining the illusion of safety of investing in their stocks.
Crisis.
In the beginning of 1983, a crisis occurred in the free stock market (all the non-bank stocks), and large supplies in all market sectors forced the banks to invest very large sums of money maintaining their stocks' stability. During the months of January through March some regulators, among them the Minister of Treasury, Aridor, and the Governor of the Bank of Israel, Mendelbaum, approached the banks several times, trying to get them to gradually reduce their adjustments. Although some bank managers realized they could not continue this for long, they did not stop. Fearing a market collapse, Ministry of Treasury officials kept knowledge of this from the public.
Failing to stop the banks, Ministry of Treasury heads wished to execute a large devaluation of the Shekel, serving as an excuse to stop the adjustments. However, the August 8% devaluation was far too small for that end. Additionally, the supplies in the stock market grew steadily, and reached new heights in September. The public unremittingly sold bank stocks, and purchased US Dollars.
The crisis erupted fully on October 2. That day, the first day of trade after the Sukkot holiday, the public sold more bank stocks than in the entire month of September. On October 4, the Minister of Treasury appeared on television saying "We will not let the public dictate our moves", to say the large supplies would not bring about a devaluation or change of policy.
During those years the public trust in the Minister of Treasury's promises was non existent. Most of the public assumed the Minister would lie at any time, and gave no attention to his statements. Most of all, Aridor's denial made it clear that at this point the public "was" dictating the government's moves.
Later Aridor met with the banks' managers, who demanded the government limit the public's purchases of US Dollars, and allow it only for plane tickets. They assumed that without an option to save the money themselves, due to the high inflation, the public would be forced to invest in the banks' stocks. Even if their thesis was correct, one can assume such a move would only fuel the panic, and exacerbate the current crisis.
On October 5, the stock exchange again opened with large numbers of sell offers, and on October 6, 1983, nicknamed "Black Thursday", was an onslaught of sales. It was clear a collapse was a matter of days at most, since the banks declared that day they would be unable to absorb additional supplies without government assistance.
That night, in a meeting in Aridor's home, it was decided that the government would purchase the banks' stocks from the public, to prevent the loss of their investments. On Sunday, October 9, the stock exchange remained closed, and stayed closed till October 24. In the meantime a devaluation of 23% was executed. The stocks sold by the public were bought by the Bank of Israel at an average loss of 17%. 35% of the stocks' value was lost.
Results.
The immediate consequences of the crisis were the loss of a third of the public's investments in them, the acquisition of the banks by the government, at a total cost of $6.9 billion (for reference, Israel's entire GDP in 1983 was about $27 billion), and the nationalization of the major banks (Leumi, Hapoalim, HaMizrachi, Discount, and Clali).
Beisky Commission.
Following the scandal, in 1984, the State Comptroller issued a report on the crisis, causing the State Review Committee of the Knesset, on January 7, 1985, to decide on establishing a national commission of inquiry. Heading the commission was Judge Moshe Biesky. The commission presented its findings on April 16, 1986.
The Beisky Commission came to the conclusion that the October 1983 crisis was a direct result of the stock adjustment. The commission pointed to four criminal offenses allegedly performed during the adjustment: financing and giving loans for the purchase of bank stock by the banks themselves; fraud and deceit of the client to get them to purchase stocks; conditioning one service on another; and perjury before the commission. 
Following the commission's conclusions, and after a long struggle, the banks' managers were dismissed, but no criminal charges were brought against them, as there was no "public interest" in that, according to the State's Attorney. In 1990 the Supreme Court decided to bring to trial the banks' managers, and the accountants who lied to the commission.
The commission's report states the regulatory bodies acted negligently and irresponsibly, but there were no recommendations for actions against them.
On the administrative side, the commission concluded that investment recommendation should be separated from ownership, that is, the banks should be separated from the Pension Funds and Trust Funds. These recommendations were not executed, due to the banks' pressure, and the government's conflict of interest, as the banks' owner at the time.
The government later sold some of the banks to private investors, selling Bank Hapoalim in 1996, HaMizrachi in 1998. The government also sold a major part of its stock in Discount bank in 2006, and of Leumi in 2005.
In the early years of the 21st century, some of the commission's recommendations were finally put into place. After all four banks were sold by the mid-2000s, the recommendations of the subsequent Bach'ar commission, which reached the same conclusions regarding separating the banks' depository and investment banking/fund management operations as the Beisky commission's were finally carried out as well. It may be argued that the timing of the crisis may have also had some additional positive effect as the implementation of the subsequent tough banking regulations and reforms, albeit somewhat belatedly, were put in place just in time to help Israeli banks avert many of the problems experienced by banks in many other Western countries during the late-2000s financial crisis – by limiting Israeli banks' exposure to risky activities. This helped ensure a stable domestic banking sector which contributed significantly to the relative resilience of the Israeli economy in face of the late-2000s recession.

</doc>
<doc id="5906268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906268" title="Richard Robbins (composer)">
Richard Robbins (composer)

Richard Stephen Robbins (December 4, 1940 – November 7, 2012) was an American-born composer, best known for his motion picture scores for the Merchant Ivory films.
Robbins was born in South Weymouth, Massachusetts. In November 2012, he lost his battle with Parkinson's disease at the age of 71. He died at his home in New York. 
Awards.
Robbins was nominated for an Oscar in 1992 for his score for the film "Howards End" (performed by Martin Jones) and in 1993 for "The Remains of the Day".
Filmography.
Robbins wrote the score for the following films unless otherwise noted:

</doc>
<doc id="5906270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906270" title="On Moonlight Bay">
On Moonlight Bay

On Moonlight Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906279" title="Rigaudon">
Rigaudon

The rigaudon (also spelled rigadon, rigadoon) is a French baroque dance with a lively duple metre. The music is similar to that of a bourrée, but the rigaudon is rhythmically simpler with regular phrases (eight measure phrases are most common). It originated as a sprightly 17th-century French folk dance for couples. Traditionally, the folkdance was associated with the provinces of Vavarais, Languedoc, Dauphiné, and Provence in southern France, and it became popular as a court dance during the reign of Louis XIV (Little 2001). Its hopping steps were adopted by the skillful dancers of the French and English courts, where it remained fashionable through the 18th century. By the close of the 18th century, however, it had given way in popularity as a ballroom dance (along with the passepied, bourrée, and gigue) to the minuet (Cunningham Woods 1895–96, 93).

</doc>
<doc id="5906281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906281" title="Buck Johnson">
Buck Johnson

Alphonso "Buck" Johnson Jr. (born January 3, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Houston Rockets in the 1st round (20th overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'7" forward from the University of Alabama, Johnson played in 7 NBA seasons from 1986 to 1993. He played for the Rockets from 1986 to 1992 and for the Washington Bullets during the 1992–93 season. Johnson graduated from Hayes High School in Birmingham, Alabama. Johnson's best year as a pro came during the 1990–91 season as a member of the Rockets when he appeared in 82 games and averaged 14.8 ppg. In his NBA career, Johnson played in 505 games and scored a total of 4,617 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5906291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906291" title="List of works by Michelangelo">
List of works by Michelangelo

The following is a list of works of painting, sculpture and architecture by the Italian Renaissance artist Michelangelo. Lost works are included, but not commissions that Michelangelo never made. Michelangelo also left many drawings, sketches, and some works in poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="5906299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906299" title="Charlieplexing">
Charlieplexing

Charlieplexing is a technique proposed in early 1995 by Charlie Allen at Maxim Integrated for driving a multiplexed display in which relatively few I/O pins on a microcontroller are used to drive an array of LEDs.
The method uses the tri-state logic capabilities of microcontrollers in order to gain efficiency over traditional multiplexing. Although it is more efficient in its use of I/O, there are issues that cause it to be more complicated to design and render it impractical for larger displays. These issues include duty cycle, current requirements and the forward voltages of the LEDs.
[Charlieplexed digital clock which controls 90 LEDs with 10 pins of a PIC16C54 microcontroller. Click to enlarge picture.
Traditional multiplexing.
Display multiplexing is very different from multiplexing used in data transmission, although it has the same basic principles. In display multiplexing, the data lines of the displays are connected in parallel to a common bus on the microcontroller. Then, the displays are turned on and addressed individually. This allows use of fewer I/O pins than it would normally take to drive the same number of displays directly.
Charlieplexing.
When using charlieplexing, "n" drive pins can drive "n" digits with "n-1" segments. When simplified, it equates to "n" pins being able to drive "n2-n" segments or LEDs. Traditional multiplexing takes many more pins to drive the same number of LEDs; "2n" pins must be used to drive "n2" LEDs (though a 1-of-n decoder chip can be used to reduce the number of microcontroller I/O pins to formula_1).
If the number of LEDs is known, then the previous equation can be worked backwards to determine the number of pins required. That is, "L" LEDs can be driven by formula_2 pins.
Complementary drive.
Charlieplexing, in its simplest form works by using a diode matrix of complementary pairs of LEDs. The simplest possible charlieplexed matrix would look like this:
By applying a positive voltage to pin X1 and grounding pin X2, LED1 will light. Since current cannot flow through LEDs in reverse direction, LED2 will remain unlit. If the voltages on pin X1 and pin X2 are reversed, LED2 will light and LED1 will be unlit.
The Charlieplexing technique does not actually make a larger matrix possible when only using two pins, because two LEDs can be driven by two pins without any matrix connections, and without even using tri-state mode. In this two LED example, Charlieplexing would save one ground wire, which would be needed in a common 2-pin driver situation.
However, the 2-pin circuit serves as a simple example to show the basic concepts before moving on to larger circuits where Charlieplexing actually shows an advantage.
Expanding: tri-state logic.
If this circuit were to be expanded to accommodate 3 pins and 6 LEDs, it would look like this:
This presents a problem, however. In order for this circuit to act like the previous one, one of the pins must be disconnected before applying charge to the remaining two. This can be solved by utilizing the tri-state logic properties of microcontroller pins. Microcontroller pins generally have three states, 5 V ('High'), 0 V ('Low') and 'input'. Input mode puts the pin into a high impedance state which, electrically speaking, "disconnects" that pin from the circuit, meaning little or no current will flow through it. This allows for the circuit to see any number of pins connected at any time, simply by changing the state of the pin. In order to drive the six LED matrix above, the two pins corresponding to the LED to be lit are connected to 5 V (I/O pin 'high' = binary number 1) and 0 V (I/O pin 'low' = binary 0) while the third pin is set in its input state. In doing so, current leakage out of the third pin is prevented, ensuring that the LED wished to be lit is the only one lit. Current will still flow across alternate paths (an alternate 2-LED path exists for every pair of pins in the 3-pin diagram, for example), but the reduced voltage drop across those LEDs in multi-LED paths will not be enough that they actually significantly illuminate. This effect is further reduced in the variant with individual resistors. The existence of alternative paths also means that up to two LEDs sharing either a common positive or negative path can be lit at the same time by connecting either power or ground to the third pin. At the same time, this will ensure that the other LED in the alternative path will not illuminate at all.
By using tri-state logic, the matrix can theoretically be expanded to any size, as long as pins are available. For n pins, n*(n-1) LEDs can be in the matrix. Any LED can be lit by applying 5 V and 0 V to its corresponding pins and setting all of the other pins connected to the matrix to input mode. Under the same constraints as discussed above up to n-1 LEDs sharing a common positive or negative path can be lit in parallel.
Expanding: bigger and brighter.
The 3-wire circuit can be rearranged to this near-equivalent matrix (resistors have been relocated).
This emphasizes the similarities between ordinary grid multiplex and charlieplex, and demonstrates the pattern that leads to "the n-squared minus n" rule.
In typical usage on a circuit board the resistors would be physically located at the top of the columns and connected to the input pin. The rows would then be connected directly to the input pin bypassing the resistor.
The first setup is suitable only when identical LEDs are used, whereas in the second configuration with individual resistors, the resistors make it possible to mix different kinds of LEDs by providing each with its appropriate resistor.
In these configurations, the relocated resistors make it possible to light multiple LEDs at the same time row-by-row, instead of requiring that they be lit individually. The row current capacity could be boosted by an NPN emitter follower instead of the typically much weaker I/O pin.
Problems with charlieplexing.
Refresh rate.
Because only a single set of LEDs, all having a common anode or cathode, can be lit simultaneously without turning on unintended LEDs, charlieplexing requires frequent output changes, through a method known as flickering. When flickering is done, not all LEDs are lit quite simultaneously, but rather one set of LEDs is lit briefly, then another set, then another, and eventually the cycle repeats. If it is done fast enough, they will appear to all be on, all the time, to the human eye (Persistence of vision). In order for a display to not have any noticeable flicker, the refresh rate for each LED must be greater than 50 Hz. Suppose 8 tri-state pins are used to control 56 LEDs via charlieplexing, which is enough for 8 7-segment displays (without decimal points). Typically 7-segment displays are made to have a common cathode, sometimes a common anode, but without loss of generality suppose it is a common cathode. All LEDs in all 8 7-segment displays cannot be turned on simultaneously in any desired combination via charlieplexing. It is impossible to get 56 bits of information directly from 8 trits (the term for a base-3 character, as the pins are 3-state) of information, as 8 trits fundamentally comprises 8*log(3)/log(2) or about 12.7 bits of information, which falls far short of the 56 bits required to turn all 56 LEDs on or off in any arbitrary combination. Instead, the human eye must be fooled by use of a flicker. Only one 7-segment display, one set of 7 LEDs can be active at any time. The way this would be done is for the 8 common cathodes of the 8 displays to each get assigned to its own unique pin among the 8 I/O ports. At any time, one and only one of the 8 controlling I/O pins will be actively low, and thus only the 7-segment display with its common cathode connected to that actively low pin can have any of its LEDs on. That is the active 7-segment display. The anodes of the 7 LED segments within the active 7-segment display can then be turned on in any combination by having the other 7 I/O ports either high or in high-impedance mode, in any combination. They are connected to the remaining 7 pins, but through resistors (the common cathode connection is connected to the pin itself, not through a resistor, because otherwise the current through each individual segment would depend on the number of total segments turned on, as they would all have to share a single resistor). But to show a desired number using all 8 digits, only one 7-segment display can be shown at a time, so all 8 must be cycled through separately, and in a 50th of a second for the entire period of 8. Thus the display must be refreshed at 400 Hz for the period-8 cycle through all 8 segments to make the LEDs flash no slower than 50 times per second. This requires constant interruption of whatever additional processing the controller performs, 400 times per second.
Peak current.
Due to the decreased duty cycle, the current requirement of a charlieplexed display increases much faster than it would with a traditionally multiplexed display. As the display gets larger, the average current flowing through the LED must be (roughly) constant in order for it to maintain constant brightness, thus requiring the peak current to increase proportionally. This causes a number of issues that limit the practical size of a charlieplexed display.
Requirement for tristate.
All the outputs used to drive a charlieplexed display must be tristate. If the current is low enough to drive the displays directly off the I/O pins of the microcontroller this is no problem but if external tristates must be used then each tristate will generally require two output lines to control, eliminating most of the advantage of a charlieplexed display. Since the current from microcontroller pins is typically limited to 20 mA or so this severely restricts the practical size of a charlieplexed display. However, it can be done by enabling one segment at a time.
Complexity.
Charlieplex matrixes are significantly more complicated, both in the required PCB layout and microcontroller programming, than are traditional multiplex matrices. This increases design time. Soldering components can also be more time consuming than for multiplexed LED arrays. A balance between complexity and pin use can be achieved by charlieplexing several pre-built multiplexed LED arrays together.
Forward voltage.
When using LEDs with different forward voltages, such as when using different color LEDs, some LEDs can light when not desired.
In the diagram above it can be seen that if LED 6 has a 4v forward voltage, and LEDs 1 and 3 have forward voltages of 2v or less, they will light when LED 6 is intended to, as their current path is shorter. This issue can easily be avoided by comparing forward voltages of the LEDs used in the matrix and checking for compatibility issues. Or, more simply, using LEDs that all have the same forward voltage.
LED failure.
If a single LED fails, either by becoming an open circuit, by becoming a short-circuit, or becoming leaky (developing a parasitic parallel resistance which allows current in both directions), the impact will be catastrophic for the display as a whole and furthermore the actual problem LED may be notoriously difficult to identify, as not just a single but potentially large set of LEDs which should not be lit may all come on together, and without detailed knowledge of the circuit, the relation between which LED is bad and what set of LEDs all come on together cannot be easily established.
If the failed LED becomes an open circuit, the voltage between the LEDs 2 electrodes may build up until it finds a path through two LEDs. There are as many such paths as there are pins used to control the array minus 2; if the LED with anode at node m and cathode at node n fails in this way, it may be that every single pair of LEDs in which one's anode is node m, cathode is p for any value of p (with the exceptions that p cannot be m or n, so there are as many possible choices for p as the number of pins controlling the array minus 2), along with the LED whose anode is p and cathode is n, will all light up.
If there are 8 I/O pins controlling the array, this means there will be 6 parasitic paths through pairs of 2 LEDs, and 12 LEDs may be unintentionally lit, but fortunately this will only happen when the one bad LED is supposed to come on, which may be a small fraction of the time, and will exhibit no deleterious symptoms when the problem LED is not supposed to be lit. If the problem is a short between nodes x and y, then every time any LED U with either x or y as its anode or cathode and some node z as its other electrode is supposed to come on (without loss of generality, suppose U's cathode is connected to x), the LED V with cathode y and anode z will light as well, so any time EITHER node x or y is activated as an anode OR a cathode, two LEDs will come on instead of one. In this case, it lights only one additional LED unintentionally, but it does it far more frequently; not merely when the failed LED is supposed to come on, but when ANY LED which has a pin in common with the failed LED is supposed to come on.
The problem elements become especially difficult to identify if there are two or more LEDs at fault. What this means is that unlike most methods in which the loss of a single LED merely causes a single burned-out segment, when charlieplexing is used, one or two burned-out LEDs, whatever the mode of failure, will almost certainly cause a catastrophic cascade of unintended lightings of the LEDs that still work, very likely rendering the entire device completely and immediately unusable. This must be taken into account when considering the required lifetime and failure characteristics of the device being designed.
Input data multiplexing.
Charlieplexing can also be used to multiplex digital input signals into a microcontroller. The same diode circuits are used, except a switch is placed in series with each diode. To read whether a switch is open or closed, the microcontroller configures one pin as an input with an internal pull-up resistor. The other pin is configured as an output and set to logic-low. If the input pin reads low then the switch is closed, and if the input pin reads high then the switch is open.
One potential application for this is to read a standard (4×3) 12-key numeric keypad using only 4 I/O lines. The traditional row-column scan method requires 4 + 3 = 7 I/O lines. Thus charlieplexing saves 3 I/O lines; however it adds the expense of 12 diodes, (since the diodes are only free when LEDs are used). This reference shows a variation on the circuit that only needs 4 diodes, however that method qualifies as lossy compression, because when certain combinations of buttons are pressed simultaneously, those signals interfere with the microcontroller's ability to read certain other buttons. The microcontroller can always detect when the data is corrupt, but there is no guarantee it can sense the original key presses, unless only one button is pressed at a time. (However, it is probably possible to arrange the circuit so that if at most any two adjacent buttons are pressed, then no data loss will occur.) Basically though, the input is only loss-less on the 4 diode circuit if only one button is pressed at a time, or if certain problematic multiple key presses are avoided. In the 12 diode circuit, this is not an issue, and there is always a one-to-one correspondence between button presses and input data. However, there are so many diodes that are required to use the method (especially for larger arrays) that there is generally no cost savings over the traditional row-column scan method, unless for some reason the cost of a diode is only a fraction of the cost of an I/O pin, where that fraction is one over the number of I/O lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5906309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906309" title="Loquo">
Loquo

Loquo is a network of local online classifieds and community websites in Spain, similar to Craigslist in the US. The main categories are housing, goods for sale, community, personals, jobs, business services, local events and community discussion forums. 
Controversy.
Loquo was acquired by eBay in May 2005 for an undisclosed sum. All listings were free up to that point. Afterwards, many sections were no longer free and some sections were discontinued, such as the personal ads. In addition, there have been numerous complaints from users about customer service.
Cities.
As of July 2006 there are Loquo sites in more than 25 cities in Spain.
A Coruña, Alicante, Almería, Badajoz, Barcelona, Bilbao, Cadiz, Córdoba, Donostia, Girona, Granada, Madrid, Majorca, Murcia, Málaga, Oviedo, Pontevedra, Salamanca, Santander, Seville, Tarragona, Tenerife, Toledo, Valencia, Valladolid, Zaragoza

</doc>
<doc id="5906331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906331" title="Electoral districts of the Palestinian National Authority">
Electoral districts of the Palestinian National Authority

The 16 Governorates of the Palestinian National Authority are divided into 16 electoral districts ("Aqdya", singular – "qadaa"). (Capitals of districts are in parentheses)
Jerusalem Governorate:
Bethlehem Governorate:
Deir Al-Balah Governorate:
Gaza Governorate:
Hebron Governorate:
Jenin Governorate:
Jericho Governorate:
Khan Yunis Governorate:
Nablus Governorate:
North Gaza Governorate:
Qalqilya Governorate:
Rafah Governorate:
Ramallah and Al-Bireh Governorate:
Salfit Governorate:
Tubas Governorate:
Tulkarm Governorate:

</doc>
<doc id="5906343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906343" title="USA Today Minor League Player of the Year Award">
USA Today Minor League Player of the Year Award

Listed below in chronological order are the Minor League Baseball players chosen by "USA Today" as recipients of the USA Today Minor League Player of the Year Award. Since , the award has been given annually to the minor-league player who is judged by "USA Today" baseball experts as having had the most outstanding season. Of the thirteen votes cast each year, two votes go to the player selected by fans in the online voting at USATODAY.com.

</doc>
<doc id="5906349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906349" title="Classical guitar magazines">
Classical guitar magazines

This article lists classical guitar related media works (magazines, blogs and online radio stations).
Magazines by language.
Magazines in English.
-Soundboard
Membership in the Guitar Foundation of America includes a subscription to "Soundboard", a quarterly classical guitar magazine featuring a wide variety of technical and musical columns, new music, and reviews that is published in the United States.
-Classical Guitar Magazine
Published in the UK, "Classical Guitar Magazine" regularly includes features, interviews, international news, coverage of worldwide guitar events, music, book, concert and recording reviews, articles on guitar history, musical analysis and technique, a flamenco column, music supplements and a concert diary. It also lists a number of guitar instructors (entry free to subscribers) and a list of guitar societies.
-American Lutherie
"American Lutherie" is the quarterly journal of The Guild of American Luthiers, an organization entirely devoted to the string instrument building and repair process.
-Acoustic Guitar
"Acoustic Guitar" provides music from around the globe and information on the artists who created it. It includes interviews, reviews, workshops, sheet music, and tune transcriptions.
-Fingerstyle Guitar
"Fingerstyle Guitar" includes feature articles that examine the artistry of guitarists of various styles, including classical.
-Takamine Review
"Takamine Review" focuses on comparing and reviewing Takamine guitar models, giving good advice for gadgets and more related content.
-Guitarra Magazine
"Guitarra Magazine" contains many articles centered around classical guitars and their application. It provides information on a various array of guitars as well as the music they create.
Magazines in French.
-Guitare Classique
A magazine with a CD.
-Les Cahiers de la guitare
Magazines in German.
-Gitarre und Laute
Magazines in Italian.
-GuitArt
-Seicorde
-Il Fronimo
Magazines in Japanese.
guitar magazine""'
"Gendai Guitar" is a specialized monthly magazine based on the classical guitar. Written in Japanese, the articles cover a wide range of music from the Renaissance to the Modern. It features articles and music scores (25 pages in each issue) that have been well received by readers since 1967. The flamenco series is especially popular. Gendai guitar includes Japanese domestic news, overseas topics, new CD and publication reviews, reports on masterclasses, a concert schedule, and monthly concert reviews.
dream
Published since 2006 by HOMA dream Inc.
Magazines in Russian.
Magazine
Russian and partially English e-magazine mostly dedicated to classical guitar. Once a month there are free live concert broadcasts (English translation provided).
Selected Guitar Blogs.
Blogs of notable guitarists.
[http://www.rezajournal.com/-Blog] of guitarist Reza Ganjavi.
[http://dmitrilla.livejournal.com/-Blog] of guitarist Dimitri Illarionov. (Russian and English)
[http://www.xuefeiyang.com/-Blog] and homepage of guitarist Yang Xuefei. (Chinese and English)
[http://angelogilardino.com/-Blog] and homepage of the guitarist and composer Angelo Gilardino.
-Blog of Matanya Ophee, guitarist and founder of the publishing company Editions Orphée.
[http://nikitakoshkin.livejournal.com/-Blog] of guitarist and composer Nikita Koshkin. (Russian)
[http://www.juliacrowe.com/-Blog] and article archive of guitarist/composer/writer Julia Crowe.
-Blog of the American guitarist Dan Cosley.
Other notable blogs.
Clássico Weblog A Portuguese language Blog featuring articles, interviews and announcements related to the classical guitar in Brazil.
-Blog of John Philip Dimick, founder of Guitarist.com.
-Archive of Laura Markee blogs, miscellaneous topics on the classical guitar.
-Classical Guitar Blog Interviews with well-known players, and regular updates.
Classical guitar radios online.
Guitar Alive! Hosted and produced by guitarist Tony Morris.
-Home of 10-String Internet Radio
-Blog of Harmonia Cordis on-line classical guitar radio (1st of its kind in East Europe)

</doc>
<doc id="5906355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906355" title="List of radio stations in Lithuania">
List of radio stations in Lithuania


</doc>
<doc id="5906363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906363" title="List of Permanent Delegates of New Zealand to UNESCO">
List of Permanent Delegates of New Zealand to UNESCO

The Permanent Delegate of New Zealand to UNESCO is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative at the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission to UNESCO.
The Permanent Delegation is located at New Zealand's embassy in Paris, France's capital city and the headquarters of UNESCO. New Zealand has maintained a resident Permanent Delegate to UNESCO since 1960.
The Permanent Delegate to UNESCO is accredited through the embassy in Paris; the Head of Mission to UNESCO is usually the Deputy Head of the mission to France. See: "List of Ambassadors from New Zealand to France.

</doc>
<doc id="5906376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906376" title="By the Light of the Silvery Moon">
By the Light of the Silvery Moon

By the Light of the Silvery Moon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906380" title="Nils-Joel Englund">
Nils-Joel Englund

Nils-Joel Englund (April 7, 1907, Överluleå, Norrbotten – June 23, 1995) was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in 50 km at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Englund also won six medals at the Nordic skiing World Championships, earning three golds (4 x 10 km and 18 km: 1933, 50 km: 1935), one silver (50 km: 1934), and two bronzes (4 x 10 km: 1934, 1935).

</doc>
<doc id="5906381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906381" title="List of Maya plugins">
List of Maya plugins

Maya Plugins are extensions for the 3D animation software Autodesk Maya. There are plugins for many different areas such as modeling, animation, and rendering. Some of them also interact with external applications (for instance renderers, game engines, or other software packages).

</doc>
<doc id="5906386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906386" title="Culcreuch Castle">
Culcreuch Castle

Culcreuch Castle is a Scottish castle close to the village of Fintry, near Loch Lomond. It had been the home of the Barons of Culcreuch since 1699, and was turned into a hotel, venue and visitor attraction in the 1980s. 
History.
Culcreuch Castle was built in 1296 by Maurice Galbraith. It was the clan seat of Clan Galbraith from 1320 to 1624, when it was sold to a cousin, Alexander Seton of Gargunnock, to settle a financial debt. In 1632, it was purchased by Robert Napier, a younger son of John Napier, the 8th Laird of Merchiston. The Napier family held the estate for five generations. The castle was used to garrison Oliver Cromwell’s troops in 1654. In 1796, the castle was sold to Alexander Spiers of Glasgow, who built a cotton mill and a distillery in Fintry. It was sold in 1890 to J. C. Dunwaters, then again in 1901 to Walter Menzies. It passed into the hands of Hercules Robinson in the 1970s, the last of that line of the Menzies family. It was sold in 1984 to Arthur Haslam, who operated the castle as a hotel. In 2007, ownership was transferred to a holding company in Los Angeles, and the property is now managed by Robert Reynolds. 
Design.
Culcreuch is a rectangular tower house, with three stories and an attic, topped by a parapet and slate roof. The north and east extensions to the original tower were built after 1721 by the Napiers, and match the original tower.
Ghost.
Culcreuch Castle is reputedly haunted by a number of ghosts, including a phantom harpist.

</doc>
<doc id="5906390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906390" title="The Groomsmen">
The Groomsmen

The Groomsmen is a 2006 comedy film written and directed by Edward Burns. It opened in New York City and Los Angeles on July 14, 2006. Filming took place at many locations on City Island, New York.
Plot.
A groom and his four groomsmen wrestle with issues such as fatherhood, homosexuality, honesty and growing up in the week leading up to his wedding.
Paulie (Burns), a self-supporting writer, is making plans for his marriage to Sue (Murphy), his girlfriend who is in her 5th month of pregnancy. In real-life, Burns' then girlfriend, supermodel Christy Turlington, was also five months pregnant when they married in June 2003. Christy inspired Burns to re-work the manuscript for this movie, which he hadn't worked on in many months. 
Paulie is strongly advised by his older brother Jimbo (Logue) to not go through with the wedding. Jimbo, who runs a struggling business, is envious of Paulie, partly because his own childless marriage is unraveling.
T.C. (Leguizamo), who left the neighborhood without explanation eight years earlier, returns for the wedding. Apparently, before leaving, T.C. had stolen a Tom Seaver baseball card from Paulie's cousin Mike (Mohr). Mike still harbors such resentment over the loss that he immediately starts a fight with T.C. Later, T.C. hesitantly reveals that he abruptly left the neighborhood because he's gay and that he stole Mike's card because, even though they were best friends, he hated him for his constant gay bashing.
The neighborhood bar is owned by Dez (Lillard), who is married with two children and is the most content and functional member of the gang. He is continually trying to "get the band back together". He has even pushed his own sons into learning the guitar and is seen riding them to become better.
Jessica Capshaw has a small role in this film. Her stepfather, Steven Spielberg, directed Edward Burns in 
Saving Private Ryan.
Box office.
The film garnered mixed reviews and only managed a limited release of 26 theaters in the US. It grossed less than one million dollars foreign and domestic.
Reception.
"The Groomsmen" received mixed reviews, earning a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 52%.

</doc>
<doc id="5906392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906392" title="Randall Goff">
Randall Goff

Randall Goff (born 15 March 1953) is a former water polo player from Australia, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1976. He finished in 11th and 7th position with the Australian National Men's Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5906396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906396" title="Horthy (surname)">
Horthy (surname)

Horthy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5906429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906429" title="PokerFace">
PokerFace

PokerFace is an ITV game show, where one person is guaranteed to win £1,000,000. The show was created by Ant & Dec, who also host it.
"PokerFace", as implied by the title, is based on the bluffing aspect of poker games. The contestants do not necessarily need to get the questions right in order to win, and can bluff their way through the game and pressure their opponents into folding in order to win.
The show was originally going to be called "The Con Test", but the name was changed just weeks before the show began. However, the Australian version is called "The Con Test".
Series 1 of the show was aired nightly for 7 consecutive days (the 7th show being the final). Starting with series 2, the show was moved to a Saturday prime-time slot, lasted for 7 weeks.
Format.
On each show, 6 contestants compete for a prize of £50,000 and a place in the £1,000,000 final.
The show opens with "The Grilling". This is where the 6 contestants (5 in some versions) are introduced, and tell the other contestants about themselves. The viewers can see whether a person is telling the truth or not by the 'TRUE' and 'BLUFF' prompts on the screen. After all 6 contestants have been introduced and grilled, the game begins. Each contestant sits in front of a screen, and they can only see their own score.
In Round 1, there are 8 multiple choice questions with three possible answers, one of them being the correct answer, worth £500 each. Every contestant will have 5 seconds to lock in their answer. After the answer to each question is revealed, viewers at home can see which contestants got it right or wrong by a series of gold ticks and red crosses appearing on the pictures of each contestant. At the end of each round, viewers at home see the leaderboard, and more importantly, who's in last place. Ant & Dec then ask the contestants in turn how they think they did in that round.
After the round has finished, the face-off begins. The contestants stand in front of red buttons that rise from the floor, and a 10 second countdown starts. There are 2 possible outcomes:
In either case, the losing contestant is briefly interviewed and asked to justify their decision. The contestant is then shown a leaderboard which reveals how the other contestants are doing.
There are 5 rounds in total. In each subsequent round, there are just 5 questions, but the prize money increases by £250 each round.
During the final, the £50,000 won in the heats was used as stake money, and the amount on offer per question was doubled. In the final of the second series, the final countdown for the £1 million face-off was also extended to 15 seconds.
Series 1.
Sarah is possibly Britain's biggest game show winner in total, having also won £32,500 on a National Lottery game show "In it to Win it" within the previous year. She has also appeared on "The Weakest Link" - BBC Two, "19 Keys" - Channel 5, 2003, "Didn't They Do Well?" - BBC One, 2004 and "Wipeout" - BBC One, 2001. [http://www.southwalesargus.co.uk/display.var.837284.0.oh_my_god_ive_won_a_million.php]
Series 2.
The second series of "PokerFace" began on Saturday 20 January 2007.
Final.
The final aired on 3 March. The result was as follows:
Notes.
The two eventual finalists, Dominic and Colin, were the first and last contestants to be introduced in the course of the heats - Dominic as the first person in 'The Grilling' of Show 1, and Colin as the last person in 'The Grilling' of Show 6.
Also, in both series, the winner of Show 1 has won the final. Both winners made it through their heat by making the other contestant fold when they should not have done, but have then won the finals outright.

</doc>
<doc id="5906444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906444" title="Allen &amp; Company Sun Valley Conference">
Allen &amp; Company Sun Valley Conference

The Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference is an annual media finance conference hosted and wholly independently funded by private investment firm Allen & Company. The conference has taken place in Sun Valley, Idaho for one week each July since 1983. The conference typically features business leaders, political figures, and major figures in the philanthropic and cultural spheres. Previous conference guests have included Bill and Melinda Gates, Warren and Susan Buffett, Tony Blair, Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Allen alumni and former Philippine Senator Mar Roxas, Google CEO Eric Schmidt, Yahoo! co-founder Jerry Yang, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, Media Mogul Rupert Murdoch, eBay CEO Meg Whitman, BET founder Robert Johnson, Time Warner Chairman Richard Parsons, NBA player LeBron James, entertainer Dan Chan, Katharine Graham of "The Washington Post", Diane Sawyer, InterActiveCorp Chairman Barry Diller, Linkedin co-founder Reid Hoffman, and Washington Post CEO Donald E. Graham.
Allen & Company is a private investment firm formed in 1922, located in New York and London. Allen & Company has advised, helped found and/or invested in numerous companies including BET, InterActiveCorp, Oxygen Media, Discovery Communications, News Corporation, the Coca-Cola Corporation and Google.

</doc>
<doc id="5906448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906448" title="Pollux b">
Pollux b

Pollux b, also known as Beta Geminorum b (β Gem b / β Geminorum b) and HD 62509 b, is an extrasolar planet approximately 34 light-years away in the constellation of Gemini (the Twins). This planet was discovered orbiting the star Pollux in 2006 by astronomer Artie P. Hatzes, confirming his hypothesis originally published in 1993. The planet has a comparable mass to the gas giants in our solar system. It moves around Pollux in 1.61 years at a distance of 1.64 AU in a nearly circular orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="5906453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906453" title="Alexander's School">
Alexander's School

Alexander's School, at 94 Duke Street, Glasgow, was designed by John Burnet and built in 1858 for James Alexander, the proprietor of the cotton mill next door - itself an innovative 1849 fire-proof construction - to educate local children. It was known as "Alexander's Endowed School".
It is built in an impressive Italianate style, with the heads of Homer, Aristotle, Shakespeare, Michelangelo and Milton carved high on the front wall by John Crawford. The site is adjacent to where the University of Glasgow stood in the 19th century, and was opposite Duke Street Women's Prison.
Following the Education (Scotland) Act of 1871, it became a state school known as the Ladywell School - the district has a well long associated with Our Lady - and in the 1960s became an Annexe to St Mungo's Academy. This was removed in 1977 to Crownpoint Road and the building housed a special needs school.
The building was protected as a category B listed building in 1970, and this was upgraded to category A in 1998.
In 1996 it was taken over by the East End Parnership, a local agency dedicated to urban regeration. This commissioned extensive renovation to form The Ladywell Business Centre, housing small businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="5906459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906459" title="Emile Dechaineux">
Emile Dechaineux

Emile Frank Verlaine Dechaineux, DSC (3 October 1902 – 21 October 1944) was an Australian mariner who reached the rank of Captain in the Royal Australian Navy during World War II. He was killed by a Japanese aircraft in what is believed to have been the first ever "kamikaze" attack, in the lead-up to the Battle of Leyte Gulf.
Biography.
Dechaineux was born in Launceston, Tasmania, to a Belgian-born father, Florent Vincent Emile Lucien Dechaineux, and an Australian mother. He entered the Royal Australian Naval College, Jervis Bay at the age of 14, graduated three years later, and was promoted to Midshipman in 1920. In the first half of the 20th century, the RAN worked very closely with the British Royal Navy (RN), frequently exchanging personnel. Dechaineux spent much of the 1920s training with the RN as a torpedo officer and naval air observer.
In September 1932 Dechaineux achieved the rank of Lieutenant Commander. In 1935 he was appointed Squadron Torpedo Officer, on board HMAS "Canberra". The following year he married Mary Harbottle. In 1937, Dechaineux returned to the UK to attend the Royal Naval College and in June he was promoted to Commander. 
At the outbreak of World War II, Dechaineux was attached to the RN Tactical and Minesweeping divisions until April 1940. Then, as the commander of the destroyer HMS "Vivacious", he made five trips to assist in the evacuation of Dunkirk. 
On 26 May the ship was allocated to the forces allocated to Dynamo. At first, deployed from Dover, on 27 May the ship patrolled the beaches off Dunkirk, providing general anti-aircraft cover and protecting against fast E-boat attacks while scores of vessels crossed the mercifully semi-calm Channel in evacuation. The pleasure steamer Mona’s Isle, for example, now fitted out as an armed boarding vessel, was amongst the many. But her machineguns were no match for the attacking aircraft and occasional ship of the enemy: she was bombed as she reached the open sea outside Britain, and 40 on board were killed. This was the new and dangerous world of Dechaineux in action for the first time. 
The next day the destroyer made two trips from Dunkirk to Dover, bringing out 326 men in the first trip and 359 in the second; one can only imagine the crowding of every interior space and her weather deck by so many men. Two days later another 537 men were safely landed in the British port. On 31 May the vessel came under fire from shore batteries off Bray and sustained 15 casualties. Dechaineux received a minor wound to his forehead and a piece of shrapnel tore the back of his trousers In a letter to his wife he remarked “I am very grateful that the ship was heading away from the gunfire, rather than towards it!” On 1 June another 427 men were brought back to Dover.
On 3 June the destroyer was directed to take part in Operation OK, which sunk blockships, to provide a temporary wharfage point, in Dunkirk Harbour. Vivacious safely brought the crews of these ships back across the Channel. Altogether the destroyer brought out a total of 1,649 passengers from Dunkirk during five voyages. The evacuation lasted nine days, and safely brought hundreds of thousands of men back to Britain. Four years later, many would return for the D-Day landings. Dechaineux had proved his worth during his baptism of fire, not only by commanding the ship through battle, but also through the effective leadership of his men. He was destined for greater things.
On 25 September 1940 he was given command of the brand new Hunt-class escort destroyer, HMS Eglington. After working up to satisfactory operational capability in Scapa Flow – where the ship and her captain were assessed by RN experts – the last months of the year were spent on North Sea convoy escort duties, as was 1941, although on 4 October the ship carried out a brief search for a German destroyer reported minelaying off South Foreland. 
In 1941, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross.
Dechaineux returned to Australia later in 1941, as Director of Operations at the Navy Office in Melbourne. In June 1943, following the outbreak of war with Japan, he was given command of the tactical (destroyer) component of RAN-US Navy Task Force 74. From his immediate command, HMAS "Warramunga", Dechaineux commanded operations in waters around Australia and New Guinea, including support for amphibious landings, such as those in the Admiralty Islands. He was promoted to Captain on 31 December 1943.
On 9 March 1944, Dechaineux was given command of the heavy cruiser HMAS "Australia", the flagship of both the RAN and Task Force 74, under the overall force commander Commodore John Collins. The "Australia" supported Allied landings at Hollandia in Dutch New Guinea and on the islands of Biak, Noemfoor and Morotai.
On 21 October 1944, HMAS "Australia" was supporting the landings in Leyte Gulf. Off Leyte Island, gunners from HMAS "Australia" and HMAS "Shropshire" fired at and hit a Japanese aircraft. Initially, the plane flew away from the ships, but it subsequently turned and dived into "Australia". The plane struck the superstructure of the "Australia" above the bridge. Although the 200 kg (440 pound) bomb carried by the plane failed to explode, burning fuel and debris were spewed over a large area. Dechaineux was disembowelled by shrapnel and died a few hours later. He was buried at sea that night. Another 30 crew members died as a result of the attack; among the wounded was Commodore Collins. 
The US government posthumously appointed Dechaineux an Officer of the Legion of Merit.
In 1990 the Australian government announced that a new Collins class submarine would be named HMAS "Dechaineux" in his memory. It was launched in 2002 in the presence of Dechaineux's widow, Mary Purbrick, and his son, former RAN Commodore Peter Dechaineux.
Honours and awards.
Captain Emile Dechaineux was decorated with the following honours:

</doc>
<doc id="5906461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906461" title="WBVA">
WBVA

WBVA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906471" title="Bernard Thompson">
Bernard Thompson

Bernard Thompson (born August 30, 1962, in Phoenix, Arizona) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 1st round (19th overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'6" (1.98 m) forward-guard from Fresno State University, Thompson played in 5 NBA seasons from 1984 to 1989. He played for the Blazers, Phoenix Suns and Houston Rockets. Thompson's best year as a pro came during the 1985-86 season as a member of the Suns, appearing in 61 games and averaging 8.5 ppg.
After the close of his NBA career, Thompson played four seasons in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) for the Columbus Horizon, Grand Rapids Hoops, Rockford Lightning, Oklahoma City Cavalry and Fargo-Moorhead Fever. He averaged 18.4 points and 4.7 rebounds per game for his CBA career.
He was the assistant coach of the Arizona Rhinos of the ABA for 2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5906472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906472" title="180th Street – Bronx Park (IRT White Plains Road Line)">
180th Street – Bronx Park (IRT White Plains Road Line)

The 180th Street – Bronx Park station was the former terminal station for the IRT White Plains Road Line of the New York City Subway. The station had two tracks and an island platform and two side platforms (i.e. Spanish solution). The tracks ended at bumper blocks at the north end of the platforms.
The line was originally intended to extend farther north but was changed into a terminal during construction due to protests stating that the trains running over the park would be bad for animals in the Bronx Zoo. The line's extension is the reason for the S-curve north of the West Farms Square – East Tremont Avenue station. After the line's extension to Wakefield – 241st Street between 1917 and 1920, the Bronx Park spur was considered redundant, but was not closed and abandoned until 1952. Trackways and the station were later torn down.

</doc>
<doc id="5906475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906475" title="Pierre Guédron">
Pierre Guédron

Pierre Guédron, (born in Châteaudun ca. 1570 – died in Paris ca. 1620), was a French singer and composer known for writing "Airs de cour" (including "Cessés mortels de soupirer"). 
Guédron's "Est-ce Mars" (1613) was especially popular and is known in versions by Sweelinck (keyboard), Scheidt (5 part strings) and Vallet (4 lutes of different sizes).

</doc>
<doc id="5906483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906483" title="Marcus Richardson">
Marcus Richardson

Marcus Glenroy Richardson (born 31 August 1977 in Reading, England) is an English footballer who is currently with Highmoor Ibis. He is a forward who usually plays in the target man role, and is much-travelled, having continually changed clubs in recent years.
Career.
Richardson began his career in non-league football. Following a move from Burnham, he made his debut for Slough Town in December 1999. A successful season with Slough alerted league scouts and he spent a week on trial with Cambridge United in July 2000. He moved to Harrow Borough for the start of the 2000–01 season and continued to attract attention from league clubs with appearances for Reading reserves in August 2000 and Wycombe Wanderers reserves in November 2000. He finally broke into the professional ranks by signing for Cambridge United on 16 March 2001, the same day that Dave Kitson also signed for Cambridge. The following day, he scored on his debut, netting a last-minute winner in a 3–2 win away to Stoke City. He moved to Torquay United on loan in September 2001, making the move permanent the following month at a cost of £5,000 for Torquay.
His spell at Torquay began with his as regular, although he was later mainly used as a substitute, competing with the likes of David Graham, Eifion Williams and Tony Bedeau for a place up front. He moved to Hartlepool United in October 2002 and would be joined at Hartlepool by Eifion Williams who had joined seven months earlier. He struggled to settle at Hartlepool, although did score against Torquay in a match almost postponed due to snow, Richardson landing in a pile of cleared snow in front of the Torquay fans during one attempt on goal. He agained cult status amogst the Hartlepool fans and was known as Tripod due to his large member.
He had two spells on loan with Lincoln City in the 2003–04 season, before signing for Lincoln on a free transfer in January 2004. He was involved in "training ground incident" with Ciarán Toner early the following year, which resulted in both players being fined and loaned out to other clubs, Richardson joining Rochdale on loan in February 2005.
The following month he joined Yeovil Town on a free transfer, but was released at the end of the season, after just four appearances in which he failed to score. In June 2005 he joined Chester City, where he scored the killer third goal in the club's shock 3–0 FA Cup win over Nottingham Forest in December 2005. However, he only managed a handful of other goals for the club and joined Macclesfield Town on loan in March 2006, scoring twice on the final day of the season at Bristol Rovers to help assure the Silkmen's Football League safety.
He was released by Chester at the end of the 2005–06 season, and in July 2006 joined Weymouth. It was to be yet another nomadic 12-month period for Richardson. He failed to settle at Weymouth and left to rejoin Cambridge United on 21 August 2006 without playing a league game for Weymouth. He departed Cambridge in January 2007, joining Crawley Town. He duly left Crawley in the summer of 2007.
After a successful pre-season trial, he joined Bury on a month to month contract in August 2007, linking up with his erstwhile Lincoln City manager Keith Alexander. He played his only league game for the club in a surprise 2–1 win at Milton Keynes Dons on 11 August 2007 but was released at the end of his short-term contract on 31 August 2007.
In October 2007, Marcus joined Farnborough, scoring on his debut against Marlow. After nearly two seasons at the club he was released in the May 2009, following a change in manager.
Richardson signed for Henley Town in August 2009, scoring on his debut in a 6–0 victory over Prestwood on 16 August 2009.
In July 2010, he moved on to join Reading Town where he also formed part of the management team. However in June 2012, he moved with manager Mark Bartley to Marlow. He helped Marlow gain promotion into the Southern League as Hellenic Premier Division champions. In January 2014, he returned to the Hellenic League, joining Highmoor Ibis as a coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5906499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906499" title="Royal Defence Corps">
Royal Defence Corps

The Royal Defence Corps was a corps of the British Army formed in August 1917 and disbanded in 1936.
It was initially formed by converting the (Home Service) Garrison battalions of line infantry regiments. Garrison battalions were composed of soldiers either too old or medically unfit for active front-line service; the Home Service status indicated they were unable to be transferred overseas. Eighteen battalions were converted in this way.
The role of the regiment was to provide troops for security and guard duties inside the United Kingdom; guarding important locations such as ports or bridges. It also provided independent companies for guarding prisoner-of-war camps. The regiment was never intended to be employed on overseas service.

</doc>
<doc id="5906501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906501" title="Bryan McClendon">
Bryan McClendon

Bryan McClendon (born December 28, 1983 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a college football running backs coach for the University of Georgia Bulldogs. He attended and played wide receiver at the University of Georgia and graduated in 2005. He was part of a senior class that won 44 games, the most in Georgia history. McClendon caught the game-winning touchdown pass from DJ Shockley with 3:18 left in Georgia's 14-7 win over Georgia Tech. After college he spent one summer with the Chicago Bears of the National Football League. McClendon came to Georgia as a graduate assistant and was promoted to running backs coach when Tony Ball was moved to wide receivers coach He is the son of former Bears running back Willie McClendon. He played high school football at Benjamin E. Mays High School in Atlanta, GA.

</doc>
<doc id="5906514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906514" title="Moonlight Bay">
Moonlight Bay

"Moonlight Bay" is a popular song. It is commonly referred to as On Moonlight Bay.
The music was written by Percy Wenrich, the lyrics by Edward Madden, and was published in 1912. It was often sung in a Barbershop Quartet style, such as by Billy Murray and the American Quartet:
The song was one of a number of early-20th-century songs which were used as titles of musical films made by Doris Day in the late 1940s and early 1950s. See "On Moonlight Bay."

</doc>
<doc id="5906524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906524" title="Hangar 17">
Hangar 17

Hangar 17 was a music and variety show for 9 to 13 year olds. The show was presented by stand-up comedian Mickey Hutton and featured a mixture of jugglers, mime artists and comedians along with the more usual musical guests. In the first series the show promoted unsigned musical guests, during a Battle of the Bands feature but this idea was dropped from the second series in favour of more established acts such as East 17. The show also featured Brit School pupil Paul Leyshon as the show's resident DJ and was produced by Peter Leslie.

</doc>
<doc id="5906530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906530" title="Loreto Province">
Loreto Province

The Loreto Province is one of the seven provinces in the Loreto Region of Peru. The capital of the province is the historic town of Nauta. This biologically and culturally diverse region includes the Pacaya–Samiria National Reservation, and is also home to many indigenous peoples, (such as the Cocama, Omagua, Iquito people and Urarina), as well as peasants ("ribereños") who live off the land and aquatically rich rivers.
Political division.
The province is divided into five districts.

</doc>
<doc id="5906533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906533" title="Matko Talovac">
Matko Talovac

Matko Talovac (or Máté Tallóci) was the Ban of Slavonia from 1435 to 1445. 
He was from the island of Korčula and was also a citizen of the Republic of Dubrovnik. He held land in Toplovica (some sources call it Thallowch, Talloca), given to him by Emperor Sigismund from which he took the name Talovac. In 1430 he was the castellan of Kovin.
In service to Emperor Sigmund he was named the steward of the Zagreb bishopric in 1433; in 1434 he was named prior of Vrana and in 1435 he was named ban of all Slavonia. His rulership came at a time of rapturous Ottoman incursions into Croatian territory and internal fighting of feudal lords. 
Matko's brother Petar Talovac was the ban of Croatia and Dalmatia from 1438 to 1453. His second brother Franko was the ban of Severin, prefect of Temeš and captain of Belgrade. His third brother Ivan of Vrana was 
the prior of Vrana. 
Accepting the royal gifts of lands, the Talovac brothers were for a time the most powerful gentlemen in all of the Croatian lands. Their rule extended from Belgrade to Senj and from the Drava to the Neretva.
Matko Talovac died in 1445.

</doc>
<doc id="5906537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906537" title="Fildwith Ensemble Theatre">
Fildwith Ensemble Theatre

The Fildwith Ensemble Theatre is a not-for-profit company in New York City, established in 2005, following thirteen years at its associate summer theatre company in the Adirondack Mountains Boquet River Theatre Festival.
The company's purpose is to provide a supportive "creative home" for its actors, playwrights, composers, directors and choreographers. The Fildwith encourages artists to keep their expressive spirits actively engaged between or after other professional jobs.
Its creative artists collaborate on productions of new plays and original musicals that celebrate the resilient human spirit and the elevating power of generosity, compassion and kindness in this world.
The company supports and promotes the talents of children, teens and adults in providing theatrical opportunities for both established and emerging young professional artists in Off-Broadway venues.

</doc>
<doc id="5906552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906552" title="Jonathan Tokplé">
Jonathan Tokplé

Jonathan Tokplé (born 29 July 1986) is a footballer who plays for Villemomble Sports as a defender.
Club career.
Born in Sarcelles, France was on trial at K.S.K. Beveren in sumer 2007. He played in a reserve team game for English Conference National club York City in October, which York drew 0–0 with Hull City.
International career.
He was invited to represent Togo instead of France. He was capped three times by Togo from 2006 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5906565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906565" title="MGV-176">
MGV-176

The MGV-176 is a submachine gun chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge.
It was manufactured in Yugoslavia by Gorenje from Velenje until 1979. Production continued in Slovenia where it is apparently still manufactured by Orbis.
Overview.
The concept of this weapon is to overcome the deficiencies of the low power rimfire cartridge by rapidly delivering a large number of projectiles. The weapon therefore relies on the .22 LR's very low recoil and a high rate of fire of 1,200 RPM. It utilized a pan magazine mounted above the barrel, with a capacity of 161 rounds.
As the .22LR is by far the cheapest and most easily accessible of all firearm cartridges, the weapon enjoys a certain popularity with enthusiasts in societies with liberal laws towards fully automatic weapons.
Operational history.
MGV-176 was widely used both during the Slovenian war of independence by Slovenian territorial defense militia then by Croat volunteers during the first part of the Croatian War of Independence, notably during the so-called Battle of the Barracks.
It was however replaced as soon as a regular Croatian army was established and equipped with standard military weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="5906571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906571" title="Police (2005 film)">
Police (2005 film)

Police is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by V. K. Prakash starring Prithviraj, Indrajith, Bhavana, Chaya Singh, and Ashokan. It is an uncredited remake of the 1989 American film Tango & Cash and it was dubbed in Tamil as the same title.
Plot.
Two of Kerala's rival cops, worlds apart from each other, work for the narcotics department. Shekhar (Prithviraj), goes about his duty in a ruthless street cop manner. Anand's (Indrajith) approach is professional and sophisticated.
Both men in their different styles cause havoc and mayhem in the world of drug cartels resulting in great loss for super villain Reji Allan (Sachin Khedakar) and brother Saji (Ashokan).
Amidst the fast paced action love grows deep between Shekhar and Sethulakshmi (Bhavana), a servant girl who takes care of his mother (KPAC Lalitha). The relationship is portrayed through humor and mischief.
Meanwhile, Anand, a deep rooted family man, is bound by his brotherly devotion to his sister, Keerthi (Chaya Singh). The plot twists and turns with deceit and deception.
Box office.
The movie was a failure at the box office, but many viewers appreciated the movie's technical brilliance during its television showings.

</doc>
<doc id="5906580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906580" title="Death Rides a Horse">
Death Rides a Horse

Death Rides a Horse (aka Da uomo a uomo, or As Man to Man) is a 1967 spaghetti western directed by Giulio Petroni, written by Luciano Vincenzoni, and starring Lee Van Cleef and John Phillip Law.
Plot summary.
Bill (John Phillip Law), a boy whose father was killed and mother and sister were raped and murdered in front of him by a gang, sets out 15 years later to exact revenge, having used the time to become an expert marksman with a gun.
Each of the outlaws bears a characteristic that Bill memorized while watching his family slaughtered. One has a tattoo of four aces on his chest, another a scar, one a distinctive earring and one a necklace bearing a skull.
As he begins his journey, a gunfighter named Ryan (Lee Van Cleef) is released from a prison after serving 15 years there. He was framed for an armed robbery by the very men who murdered Bill's family.
When they meet along the way, Ryan gets the better of Bill, who is blinded by vengeance, but he does Bill no harm. When the tables are turned later, Bill reciprocates, helping Ryan escape from a jail. But even though Bill has successfully killed the man with the aces tattoo, the more experienced Ryan insists on tracking the other outlaws alone. An equally determined Bill sets out ahead of him.
Bill is captured by the outlaws, beaten and buried alive from the neck down. Left to die in the hot sun, he is rescued by Ryan, who shoots several men standing guard. Preparing for the gang's return, Bill notices that Ryan is wearing a necklace with a skull. Ryan admits he was present during the murders. He gives his word that once the outlaws have been dealt with, he will remain to face whatever justice Bill seeks. 
In a final shootout during a sand storm, the last remaining man who killed Bill's family has him dead to rights, only to be killed by Ryan's thrown knife. Bill nonetheless insists on revenge. Ryan's gun is empty, so Bill tosses a bullet to him. He has just one bullet left now himself. Ryan turns his back and walks away, daring Bill to shoot him in the back. Bill fires, but it is only to kill a surviving outlaw. A grateful Ryan then watches him ride away.
Releases.
Wild East released this in its uncut theatrical version on a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD in 2011.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund ranges "Death Rides a Horse", together with Day of Anger as prime examples of a "tutorship variation" that further develops the play on age/experience between the protagonists in For a Few Dollars More, with Lee Van Cleef playing the older partner in all three films. In the "Tutorship" films a younger protagonist seeks the more or less reluctant partnership of an older one, but differences of motivation eventually bring them into conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="5906590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906590" title="Madra (album)">
Madra (album)

Madra is the debut album of Miranda Sex Garden. It stands apart from their later works in that it is entirely a cappella and the songs are all English madrigals. The entire album was recorded over the course of two days in March 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5906603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906603" title="GE Measurement &amp; Control Solutions">
GE Measurement &amp; Control Solutions

GE Measurement & Control Solutions is an affiliate business of General Electric specializing in the design and manufacture of sensing elements, devices, instruments, and systems that enable customers to monitor, protect, control, and validate the safety of their critical processes and applications.
Its worldwide headquarters are located in Billerica, Massachusetts. Other key offices and manufacturing plants are located in Fremont, California, Houston, Texas, Lewistown, Pennsylvania, St. Marys, Pennsylvania, Twinsburg, Ohio, Shanghai, China, Tijuana, Mexico, Shannon, Ireland and Groby, UK.[http://www.gesensing.com/aboutus/locations.htm]
The company has grown in recent years by making a number of strategic acquisitions in key sensor areas such as temperature, pressure, level, and flow sensors. Acquisitions include leading temperature sensor manufacturers Thermometrics, pressure sensor manufacturers Druck and so on.
'"GE Druck, GE General Eastern, GE Protimeter, GE Kaye, GE NovaSensor, GE Panametrics, GE Thermometrics, and GE Ruska are now under one name: GE Industrial Sensing.
The company offers products such as NTC/PTC Thermistors (for temperature sensing), Pressure Sensors, Humidity Sensors, Infrared sensors, Ultrasonic flow sensors besides providing the complete solution for the customers. The current CEO of the company is Mr. Brian Palmer who has worked with GE in an array of roles over 15+ years.

</doc>
