<doc id="5926097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926097" title="Kingman Lake">
Kingman Lake

Kingman Lake is a artificial lake located in the Anacostia River in Washington, D.C., in the United States. The lake was created in 1920 when the United States Army Corps of Engineers used material dredged from the Anacostia River to create Kingman Island. The Corps of Engineers largely blocked the flow of the Anacostia River to the west of Kingman Island, creating the lake (although some water is permitted to enter the lake to prevent it from completely evaporating and to refresh its waters). Kingman Lake is currently managed by the National Park Service.
Early history of the Lake.
Prior to the arrival of European settlers in the 18th century, the Anacostia River was a fast-flowing and relatively silt-free river with very few mudflats or marshes. White settlers cleared much of the surrounding forest for farmland, however, and extensive soil erosion led to a heavy load of silt and effluent in the Anacostia. In 1805, local landowner Benjamin Stoddert built a wooden bridge over the Anacostia River at the present site of Benning Bridge. The bridge was sold to Thomas Ewell, who in the 1820s sold it to William Benning. Thereafter the structure was known as Benning's Bridge (or Benning Bridge). The wooden bridge was rebuilt several times after 1805. This included construction of a steel bridge in 1892. The construction of Benning and other bridges and the diversion of inflowing streams to agricultural use also slowed the river's current, allowing much of the silt to settle and be deposited.
Between 1860 and the late 1880s, large mudflats ("the Anacostia flats") formed on both banks of the Anacostia River due to this deforestation and runoff. At this time, the city allowed its sewage to pour untreated into the Anacostia. Marsh grass began growing in the flats, trapping the sewage and leading public health experts to conclude that the flats were unsanitary. Health officials also feared that the flats were a prime breeding ground for malaria- and yellow fever-carrying mosquitoes. By 1876, a large mudflat had formed just to the south of the western end of Benning Bridge, and another mudflat about wide had developed in the river south of that. By 1883, a stream named "Succabel's Gut" traversed the upper flat and another dubbed "Turtle Gut" the lower, and both flats hosted substantial populations of American lotus, lily pads, and wild rice.
In 1898, officials with the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the District of Columbia convinced the United States Congress that the Anacostia River should be dredged to create a more commercially viable channel that would enhance the local economy as well as provide land where factories or warehouses might be built. The material dredged from the river would be used to build up the flats and turn them into dry land, eliminating the public health dangers they caused. Most of the reclaimed mudflats were subsequently declared to be parkland and named Anacostia Water Park (now Anacostia Park) in 1919.
The original dredging plan called for a channel wide on the Anacostia's west bank from the 11th Street Bridges to Massachusetts Avenue SE, narrowing to a wide channel from Massachusetts Avenue SE to the Maryland-District border line. In addition to this channel (which was meant to facilitate the passage of cargo ships) the McMillan Commission proposed building a dam across the Anacostia River at Massachusetts Avenue SE or at Benning Bridge to form a large lake for fishing and recreational boating. The Commission also proposed using dredged material to build islands within the lake. The "Washington Post" reported in July 1914 that Congress had approved the plan for a dam on the river at Massachusetts Avenue SE. By 1916, the Corps of Engineers was still planning a dam, with access to the deep lake behind it controlled by locks. The Corps also planned to create several large islands in the lake and planned to replace Benning Bridge with a drawbridge to accommodate the cargo traffic through the lake. The firm of Sanford and Brooks began the dredging in January 1903, at which time the Army Corps of Engineers began surveying the surrounding land to determine whether the federal government or private landowners had title to the marshes themselves.
By 1920, the Corps of Engineers had dropped the dam idea and proposed creating a deep lake on one side of the Anacostia River by linking several of the mid-river islands it had built with dikes. That same year, Congress specifically prohibited the Corps from extending Anacostia Park beyond Benning Bridge, which forced the Corps to drop its plans for a drawbridge.
Early development efforts.
By March 1926, the Corps had begun calling the lake it had created Kingman Lake, after the well-regarded former head of the Corps, Brigadier General Dan Christie Kingman. The name was formally proposed in September. Improvements to the island and lake continued: The Corps spent $55,000 for a rock and concrete riprap wall around Kingman Lake, and another $20,000 for gates and conduits at the north and south ends of the lake to maintain a constant water level in lake. The Corps wanted to install a lock in the southern end of the lake to give pleasure boats access to it, and began laying plans for a second lake (East Lake) on the eastern side of the Anacostia River opposite Kingman Lake. That same year, the National Aeronautic Association proposed filling in all or part of Kingman Lake to build a new city airport. In early 1929, a channel deep was dredged under Benning Bridge as it passed over Kingman Lake. (As of 1998, due to the reconstruction of Benning Bridge and other changes, this had been replaced with a wide culvert.) The dredging ship "Benning" also dredged about half of Kingman Lake to deepen it. By this time, the conduit and gates had been installed in the lake's lower exit, and the upper gates were expected to be installed soon. About of the western shore of Kingman Lake between Gallinger Hospital and Benning Bridge were set aside for gardens in March 1933 to provide food for the needy.
The drainage of raw sewage into Kingman Lake and the Anacostia River first became an issue in the early 1930s. An open sewer channel drained into Kingman Lake through the middle of this tract, but a footbridge was constructed over it to link the two areas. Later that year, the Army Corps of Engineers spent $853,000 to extend Washington's sewer system to Bladensburg to collect raw sewage being dumped into the Anacostia River and Kingman Lake.
In 1934, the Corps of Engineers transferred ownership of the Anacostia Flats and Kingman Lake to the National Park Service. As the Corps continued to dredge fill, it expanded the flats on the eastern side of Kingman Lake, making it smaller than originally intended. Work on the lake stopped in 1941 due to budgetary and resource shortages associated with the advent of World War II.
Health issues regarding Kingman Lake again became prominent in the mid-1950s. An American University biologist found that the bed of Kingman Lake was composed almost entirely of fecal matter, and warned that no one should swim in the lake due the extensive pollution. The immense amount of raw sewage in the lake was attributed to low water flows, and the lack of southern locks to allow water to more freely pass out of the lake. Nonetheless, a year later city officials were advocating that a playground be built on the shores of Kingman Island.
A number of development proposals were made for Kingman Lake throughout the 1960s. The National Capital Parks Commission banned boating on the lake in October 1961. The Commission also proposed filling in of Kingman Lake (about 50 to 60 percent of the lake's total area) and relocating some of the riprap walls, making Islands 3 and 4 part of the mainland and adding an additional to Langston Golf Course (located on the northern half of Kingman Island). This plan was never acted on.
Recent development.
Since 1999, a variety of proposals have been made for Kingman Lake, most focusing on retaining the lake's character as one of the few remaining wild places within the city's limits. In September 1999, the Army Corps of Engineers—which retained ownership of Kingman Lake—began transforming the lake back into a tidal marsh. The Corps said it would remove some of the riprap wall and create of marsh north of Benning Bridge and of marsh between Benning Bridge and East Capitol Street Bridge. Work on the tidal marsh would be complete by March 2000, and during the summer of 2000 the Corps intended to plant tens of thousands of aquatic plants in the new marshlands. The cost of the wall removal, marsh restoration, and plantings was estimated at $4 million. A five-year scientific effort would monitor changes in the tidal marsh from 2001 to 2006.
Deaths and accidents.
Deaths and accidents in and around Kingman Lake have unfortunately been numerous. The first confirmed death in Kingman Lake occurred on August 5, 1937, when William O'Bryant, a 19-year-old African American youth, drowned in the lake in front of two friends after diving from a fishing boat. Over the next four decades, at least 31 people drowned in the lake.
Some of the more unusual accidents and deaths involving the lake include:

</doc>
<doc id="5926099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926099" title="Riki Lindhome">
Riki Lindhome

Erika "Riki" Lindhome (born March 5, 1979) is an American actress, comedian and musician. She is best known for television roles in shows including "Gilmore Girls", "House", "The Big Bang Theory" and "United States of Tara" and, with Kate Micucci, formed the musical comedy duo Garfunkel and Oates. She hosts the Nerdist podcast "Making It".
Early life.
Riki Lindhome was born in Coudersport, Pennsylvania, in 1979, and grew up in Portville, New York. She is of Swedish heritage. Lindhome studied at Syracuse University and was part of the sketch comedy group "Syracuse Live". After graduating in 2000, Lindhome embarked on an acting career and without an agent was able to land a small role on the sitcom "Titus" and a minor role in the popular television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
Career.
In 2003 Lindhome got her first big break, earning a spot in Tim Robbins's Actor's Gang theater group and appearing in the play "Embedded". She was one of four actors from the play to then be cast in the Academy Award-winning film "Million Dollar Baby", where she played Mardell Fitzgerald, the sister of main character Maggie Fitzgerald played by Hilary Swank.
In 2005 Lindhome played a recurring role on "Gilmore Girls" as Juliet, a friend and classmate of Logan Huntzberger (Matt Czuchry), and then Rory's (Alexis Bledel), and in 2006 wrote, produced and co-directed an award-winning short film called "Life is Short" which starred herself, Alexis Bledel, Samm Levine, and Seth MacFarlane. Lindhome also appeared in the 2006 film "Pulse" and in 2007 was one of many actresses to appear in the music video for Nickelback's "Rockstar".
In 2008 Lindhome had a minor role in the Angelina Jolie film "Changeling" playing the role of an "Examination Nurse". She continued to guest star on several popular television series including "The Big Bang Theory" and "Criminal Minds" and "Pushing Daisies". In 2009, she starred in the feature film remake of the Wes Craven classic "The Last House on the Left".
During the 2007 writer's strike Lindhome decided to make sure her career was well-rounded, pursuing more writing and director opportunities. Lindhome performs as part of the Los Angeles area comedy-folk duo Garfunkel and Oates with Kate "Oates" Micucci as Riki "Garfunkel" Lindhome. In 2011 Lindhome co-wrote a video with "Glee" castmember Heather Morris for Funny or Die called "Nuthin' But A Glee Thang", a parody of the Dr. Dre song "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang" featuring Snoop Dogg, co-starring Sofia Vergara and Glee castmembers Matthew Morrison, Cory Monteith, Harry Shum, Jr. & Naya Rivera. She also hosts a Nerdist Industries podcast called "Making It".
In 2012, Lindhome turned her hand to Shakespeare, appearing as a villain in Joss Whedon's adaptation of "Much Ado About Nothing".

</doc>
<doc id="5926105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926105" title="1950 Tour de France">
1950 Tour de France

The 1950 Tour de France was the 37th Tour de France, taking place from 13 July to 7 August 1950. It consisted of 22 stages over 4775 km, ridden at an average speed of 32.788 km/h.
Gino Bartali, captain of the Italian team, threatened and assaulted by some French supporters accusing him to have caused Jean Robic's fall on the Col d'Aspin, retired after winning the 12th stage from Pau to Saint-Gaudens and left the race together with all the other Italian riders (including Fiorenzo Magni, who was wearing the yellow jersey). The lead transferred to Swiss cyclist Ferdi Kübler, who was able to keep the lead until the end of the race. Kübler became the first Swiss winner of the Tour de France.
The mountains classification was won by Louison Bobet, while the Belgian team won the team classification.
Algerian-French cyclist Abdel-Kader Zaaf became famous in this Tour de France by being so disoriented that he rode in the wrong direction.
Changes from the 1949 Tour de France.
The "interest" for the yellow jersey (the prize money for the leader of the general classification after each stage) was increased to 100.000 French Francs.
In 1949, the French TV had reported every evening about the Tour de France, and in 1950, live coverage of every stage was given.
The time cut-offs, the maximum time a cyclist was allowed to finish a stage, was reduced. 
In the previous years, the Tour de France had been decided in the mountains. The organisation wanted the other aspects of the race to be more important, so some mountains were not visited in 1950, and the time bonification for cyclists that reached mountain tops first was reduced. from 1 minute in 1949 to 40 seconds in 1950.
The riders had sometimes been helped by team assistants who gave the cyclist drinks, by pushing the cyclists. In 1950, the Tour organisation paid extra care for this, and penalized the cyclists if it happened.
The prize for winning a stage was increased from 30.000 French Francs to 50.000 French Francs.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1950 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. The three major cycling countries in 1950, Italy, Belgium and France, each sent a team of 10 cyclists. Other countries sent teams of 6 cyclists: Switzerland, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Italy and Belgium also sent two extra teams of young riders of 6 cyclists each.
The French regional cyclists were divided into five teams of 10 cyclists: Paris, Ile de France–North East, West, Centre–South West and South East. Originally, the plan was to have one extra international team of six cyclists with Spanish cyclists, but this extra team became a North African team, with Moroccan and Algerian cyclists, both being French colonies at the time. Altogether this made 116 cyclists.
There were 60 French cyclists (of which 2 French-Moroccan and 4 French-Algerian), 22 Italian, 16 Belgian, 6 Dutch, 6 Luxembourg and 6 Swiss cyclists.
The winner of the previous Tour de France, Fausto Coppi, was injured during the 1950 Giro d'Italia, so he could not defend his title. Still the Italians were favourites, especially Gino Bartali, who had come second in the 1950 Giro d'Italia behind Hugo Koblet, who did not enter the 1950 Tour de France. Other candidates for the victory were Bobet, Kübler, Ockers and Geminiani. Two days before the Tour started, the organisation held a poll amongst 25 journalists, who each gave their eight favourites for the victory. Bartali was on the most lists, 23. Robic was written on 20 lists, Lauredi on 19, Bobet and Goldschmidt on 17.
On the first day of the race, before the Tour had started, French cyclist Charles Coste was replaced by Paul Giguet.
Race details.
The start of the 1950 Tour de France was given on 13 July by Orson Welles. Things started well for the Italian team, as they won five of the first ten stages, although the yellow jersey for the leader of the general classification was exchanged between Luxembourgian Jean Goldschmit and French Bernard Gauthier.
The sixth stage was won by Swiss cyclist Ferdi Kübler. During the race, Kübler had changed jerseys, which gave him 25 seconds penalty time.
In the eleventh stage, the first mountain stage of the race, Gino Bartali was away together with French Jean Robic. There was a lot of crowd, and they pressed forward to see the cyclist coming. This caused Bartali to fall down during the descent of the Col d'Aspin, and this caused Robic to also fall down. Bartali got up and won the stage, but felt threatened by spectators, who punched and kicked him. One spectator had threatened Bartali with a knife. Bartali told his team manager Alfredo Binda that he was leaving the Tour de France, and that all Italian cyclists should abandon the race. Not all Italian cyclists wanted to leave: the members from the second Italian team (the Italian Cadets) and Adolfo Leoni wanted to stay. Some Italian cyclists said they wanted to stay in the race to help Magni defend the leading position. Magni felt bad about giving up the chance to win the Tour de France, but accepted the decision. The Tour organisation wanted to keep the Italian cyclists in the race, and among other compromises offered to give them neutral gray jerseys, so the spectators would not recognize them. None of this helped, and both Italian teams left the race. As a consequence, the fifteenth stage, that was originally scheduled to end in Italy (Sanremo), was rescheduled to end in Menton.
At that moment, the general classification was as follows:
With Magni out of the race, Swiss Ferdi Kübler became the new leader of the general classification, closely followed by Bobet and Geminiani. Out of respect for Magni, Kübler did not wear the yellow jersey (indicating the leader in the general classification) in the 12th stage.
In the twelfth stage, all the favourites finished together. That stage was won by Belgian Maurice Blomme, but not without difficulties: he was so exhausted that he mistook a dark shadow for the finish line, and stopped racing. The secretary of the Tour de France, Jean Garnault, had to put him back on his bicycle so he would ride the last meters of the stage.
In that stage thirteen, the temperature was extremely high. Two riders from the North African team, Marcel Molinès and Abdel-Kader Zaaf, broke away after 15 kilometers, and created a large gap, also because the other cyclists were more occupied with getting drinks. Some 20 kilometers from the finish, Zaaf started to zigzag across the road. A safety official pulled him from the race, afraid for his safety, and Molinès rode through alone. Zaaf did not agree with the safety official, and mounted his bicycle again. He quickly fell off his bicycle and fell asleep, and spectators moved him into the shade of a tree. When he woke up, he realized that he was in a race, got on his bicycle again and rode away, but going into the wrong direction. An ambulance was called, and Zaaf was taken away. Zaaf claimed that he had received wine from a spectator, and as a Muslim he was not used to the alcohol. Behind the two North-African cyclists, Kübler had attacked, and left his rivals Raphaël Géminiani and Louison Bobet minutes behind. Of the favourites, only Ockers managed to stay with Kübler.
In stage fifteen, it was still hot, and the riders were not motivated to race. They stopped during the race to cool down in the Mediterranean Sea, but were quickly ordered by Jacques Goddet to continue the race. The journalists that followed the race reported on this in a humorous way, and the organisation therefore fined them.
In the sixteenth stage, Ockers and Bobet finished shortly after Kübler. The Tour de France jury said Bobet came in second, and gave him the 30 seconds bonification time, but the Belgian team manager Sylvère Maes protested against this decision, because he argued that Ockers came in second. Maes threatened to take the Belgian team out of the race, but the Tour direction did not change their decision. In the end, the Belgian team stayed in the race.
Second placed rider in the general classification, Ockers was unable to win back time in later stages, so Kübler stayed in the lead for the rest of the race, and became the first Swiss winner of the Tour de France.
Kübler's victory is seen as partially his own accomplishment, but also partially due to the absence of Fausto Coppi and the withdrawal of the Italian teams. According to Kübler, it became more difficult to win the race after the Italians had left the race, because the attention was no longer focussed on the Italians, but on Kübler. Kübler felt that he would have been able to win the 1950 Tour de France if the Italians would have not abandoned, because he was the best in the time trials.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. The total prize money in the 1950 Tour de France was 14 million French Francs; 1 million French Francs were for the winner of the general classification.
Of the 116 cyclists that started the 1959 Tour de France, 51 finished the race.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was the same as in 1949: there were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 5 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Louison Bobet won this classification after having led the classification almost the entire race, although he only reached 2 of the 14 mountain tops first.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated by adding the times in the general classification of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the Belgian team, with a large margin over the French team.
Of the other four teams that started, the two Italian teams had abandoned the race, and the North African team finished with only two riders and the Dutch team with only one rider, therefore they were ineligible for the team classification.
Other awards.
The special award for the best regional rider was won by sixth-placed Kléber Piot.
Aftermath.
The French-Algerian cyclist Zaaf, who fell out in the thirteenth stage after riding into the wrong direction, became famous, and got to ride in many criteriums, until he left two years later to Algeria. Kübler did not enter the next three Tours de France, but when he returned in 1954, he finished in second place, and won the green jersey for the points classification.

</doc>
<doc id="5926108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926108" title="Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance">
Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance

Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance is Richard Powers' first novel written over two years and published in 1985 to critical acclaim.
Plot summary.
The novel follows the journeys of three young European boys represented in a circa 1913 or 1914 photograph by August Sander. Two parallel narratives - one in the voice suspected to be the author, whose surname, we learn, starts with P - offer contemporary perspectives and illustrate the interconnectedness of events. These voices provide contemporary perspectives on technology, the major theme of the novel. A series of rather academic essays on the nature of photography, including quotes from Walter Benjamin and Hannah Arendt - in the authorial narrative voice of Mr P - are interspersed with the story.
The story begins with the authorial narrative voice of Mr P. first sighting the photograph taken in the months before the outbreak of World War I of three young boys in Germany - a photograph which is titled Three Farmers on their Way to a Dance and which is being exhibited at the Detroit Institute of Arts. The novel follows the fictional fates of these three young men in war time, as well as the stories of Peter Mays, a technical editor for a 1980s electronics magazine and Mr P - the first person narrator of sections of the novel - who is obsessed with the photograph and with concepts of photography and technology. 
Powers's later novel "Galatea 2.2", published in 1995, uses the first person perspective of semifictional narrator Richard Powers to describe to a large extent the conditions under which Powers wrote "Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance".
"Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance" attempts to balance the technological advancements that caused the large scale deaths in World War I with those that created art for the masses in the form of photography.

</doc>
<doc id="5926112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926112" title="Gallicanus">
Gallicanus

Gallicanus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926117" title="Lemonade (disambiguation)">
Lemonade (disambiguation)

Lemonade is a drink made with lemons.
Lemonade may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926132" title="Poison shyness">
Poison shyness

Poison shyness is a behaviour whereby an animal which has ingested a toxic substance subsequently avoids ingesting that substance again. It occurs in nature where animals, usually generalists, have evolved the behaviour to avoid toxicosis. It is often observed in pest control when poisoned baits for insects and mammals are ingested at sublethal doses; the target species subsequently detect and avoid these poisoned baits. Animals may also exhibit bait shyness which occurs when the animal tastes a toxic bait, usually (although not always) becomes ill and then subsequently avoids the un-adulterated bait. This learned behaviour is technically known as conditioned food aversion learning. The terms "poison shyness" and "bait shyness" are sometimes used interchangeably.
Animals learn an association between the odour of a toxic substance and its toxicity. This allows them to detect and avoid the toxin when it is next encountered. In pest control, to prevent this, a special form of poison is used; the chemical is not immediately toxic and is odourless. When the poison is ingested, the active component is transported to the liver where it is oxidised to a toxic substance which then kills the animal. With sub-lethal doses of such a chemical, the animal cannot learn the association between the odour of the food and its toxicity, thereby preventing poison shyness from developing.
In nature.
For any organism to survive, it must have adaptive mechanisms to avoid toxicosis. In mammals, a variety of behavioral and physiological mechanisms have been identified that allow them to avoid being poisoned. First, there are innate rejection mechanisms such as the rejection of toxic materials that taste bitter to humans. Second, there are other physiologically adaptive responses such as vomiting or alterations in the digestion and processing of toxic materials. Third, there are learned aversions to distinctive foods if ingestion is followed by illness. 
Squirrel monkeys ("Saimiri sciureus") and common marmosets ("Callithrix jacchus)" show one-trial learning with the visual cues of color and shape, whereas only the marmosets are able to do so with an olfactory cue. Both species showed a tendency for quicker acquisition of the association with the visual cues compared with the olfactory cue. All individuals from both species were able to reliably remember the significance of the visual cues, color and shape, even after 4 months. Illness for these species is not a necessary prerequisite for food avoidance learning but, presumably, the innate rejection responses toward highly concentrated but non-toxic bitter and sour tastes are sufficient to induce robust taste aversion learning and retention.
In pest control and conservation.
Conditioned taste aversion has been widely used as a method of pest control and conservation. these aversions have been induced in both predator and prey species.
In rats, bait shyness can persist for weeks or months and may be transferred to nontoxic foods of similar types. There are indications that bait shyness in coyotes can be transferred from pieces of meat to a temporary aversion to live sheep. Bait shyness may sometimes be location specific and not transferred to different localities.
Examples.
Crows: Conditioned taste aversion has been used to control crow ("Corvus brachyrhynchos") predation on eggs - a problem for bird sanctuaries and farmers with outdoor chickens. The researchers put a sickness-causing agent in several eggs, painted them green and then placed them where crows could eat them. After eating the tainted eggs, the crows avoided eating green eggs. The crows subsequently avoided eating green eggs whether they contained toxin or not. The crows also continued to eat unpainted and non-toxic chicken eggs
Quoll: In Australia, a critically endangered predator, the northern quoll ("Dasyurus hallucatus") is threatened by the invasion of the highly toxic cane toad ("Bufo marinus"). Following toad invasion, quoll populations have become extinct across Northern Australia. A conditioned aversion to live toads in juvenile northern quolls was successfully established by feeding them a dead toad containing a nausea-inducing chemical (thiabendazole).
Multiple predators: When surrogate eggs of the Sandhill Crane ("Grus canadensis") were laced with an illness-producing substance, egg predation decreased in a location which contained multiple potential predators.
Livestock protection.
Taste aversions have been developed in wolves, coyotes, and other canids to protect livestock and vulnerable wildlife. In 1974, it was reported that coyotes ("Canis latrans") learned to avoid hamburger after eating hamburger treated with Lithium chloride and could transfer such a drug-induced aversion of LiCl-tainted sheep or rabbit ("Sylvilagus" sp.) flesh to the corresponding live prey. Olfactory (cologne) and visual (a red collar on the sheep) cues increased the suppresion of predation through conditioned learned aversion in coyotes, although this was for a limited duration.
Grazing livestock frequently eat poisonous plants, and death often results. Behavioral adjustments by conditioned taste aversions may protect animals from over-ingestion of toxic plants. Three species of plants with different mechanisms of toxicity were tested for their ability to condition a taste aversion in sheep. Only woody aster conditioned a taste aversion indicating that conditioned aversions to selenium-containing plants help to deter consumption of such plants by grazing ruminants.
Crop protection.
The cultivation of woody plants (olive trees, grapevines, fruit trees, etc.) can benefit from having animals e.g. sheep and goats, grazing the same area as their faeces nourish the soil thereby reducing the use of herbicides and fertilisers. However, these same animals sometimes eat the crops. Lithium chloride has been used to develop conditioned taste aversion to olive leaves and shoots in sheep and goats.
List of animals which show poison shyness.
Below is an incomplete list of animals for which poison shyness or bait shyness has been documented in pest control:
External links.
Video of a mountain lion rejecting untreated bighorn sheep meat at 2 months post-test. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhbfBpH4sN4]

</doc>
<doc id="5926152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926152" title="William Haywood (architect)">
William Haywood (architect)

William Joseph Haywood (1876–1957) was an English architect and Secretary of The Birmingham Civic Society for over thirty years, being a founder member in 1918.
Life.
Born on 2 November 1876 in Ingleby Street, Ladywood, Birmingham, he was the son of Joseph Haywood, a local Silversmith, and Emma Haywood (née Ferres). He had been a brilliant student who won the Maintenance Scholarship of Birmingham School of Art in 1894, the Pugin Studentship in 1897 and the RIBA Silver Medal.
From 1900, he was a practising architect and also designed in stained glass, wrought iron and cast lead. In 1914, he went into partnership with Herbert Tudor Buckland, who would later join Haywood on the Executive Council of The Birmingham Civic Society. The partnership of Buckland-Farmer operated from offices in Norwich Union Chambers, Corngreve Street (now demolished).
Haywood produced many schemes for replanning the city, and published his ideas in "The Development of Birmingham" (1918), which included improvements to New Street Station, a grand "People’s Hall" located close to where the Central Fire Station now stands, pleasure grounds and Zoological Gardens around Edgbaston Reservoir and various grand approaches to the major civic buildings in the city. The Dome Room at the Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery presents one of the grand ambitions that Haywood had for Birmingham; The Civic Centre which incorporated Baskerville House as but a small fraction of the civic building complex in Broad Street. As a result of his book, Sir Oliver Lodge invited him to take the University Special Lectureship on Town Planning, which he held for 25 years.
He designed the memorial in Cannon Hill Park to Scouts who fell in the first and (by later inscription) second world wars. It is in concrete, and was unveiled on 27 July 1924.
Buckland & Haywood specialised in school work, and St Hugh's College, Oxford (1914–16) gained them a national reputation. Their largest work in this field is the Royal Hospital School, Holbrook, Suffolk (1925–33), which includes a chapel. The entrance to the University of Birmingham in Pritchatt’s Road was also a design of Haywood’s.
Haywood’s other commercial work includes the new entrance and offices for the Soho Foundry, Smethwick (1928), and the entrance lodges and offices for Kynochs (IMI plc) in Wellhead Lane, Perry Barr.
However, perhaps one of the most widely popular of his endeavours was the city-wide decorations for the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth and centenary of the Charter of Birmingham the following year in 1938. Haywood did the city proud as Executive of the Schemes of Decoration. Professor Thomas Bodkin (First Director of the Barber Institute of Fine Arts) wrote in 1937 that "the decorations of the municipal buildings and the principal streets of the city were considered to be the best of their kind in England". They included heraldic shields and banners of the Lords of the Manor of Birmingham from 1166 onwards, which decorated the Council House and Town Hall; models of Britannia for the tympana of the Town Hall; a column of St George in Victoria Square which rose above the statues of Queen Victoria and Edward VII. There were various other banners celebrating the Coronation, our ancient kingdom, the Union and of the countries of the Commonwealth. There was even the implementation of a scheme that involved lighting up the public buildings and parks around the city.
Many of William Haywood’s dreams may not have come to fruition, but the current plans for the re-design of New Street Station incorporate a large central hall, lit by natural light from above and combine this with a large grand entrance from Hill Street which is very similar to the plans Haywood produced in 1918.
Haywood lived at 245 Bristol Road, Edgbaston, from 1915 to his death in 1957, which is just past the junction with Priory Road going out of the city. His house was demolished in the 1970s, so that the land could be used as part of the Jacoby Place residential development. However, the brick and stone gate piers remain – and they are remarkably similar, albeit smaller, to the gate piers of the Pritchatt’s Road entrance to the University.
William Haywood died on his 81st birthday, 2 November 1957 from a cerebral haemorrhage in Selly Oak Hospital, Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="5926156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926156" title="AspectC++">
AspectC++

AspectC++ is an aspect-oriented extension of C and C++ languages. It has a source-to-source compiler, which translates AspectC++ source code into compilable C++. The compiler is available under the GNU GPL, though some extensions specific to Microsoft Windows are only available through pure-systems GmbH.
Aspect-oriented programming allows modularizing cross-cutting concerns in a single module, an aspect.
Aspects can modify existing classes, but most commonly they provide 'advice' that runs before, after, or around
existing functionality.
Example.
All calls to a specific function can be traced using an aspect, rather than inserting 'cerr' or print statements in many places:
The Tracer aspect will print out a message before any call to codice_1. The codice_2 syntax
means that it will match all classes that end in Iter.
Each 'matched' location in the source code is called a join point—the advice is joined to (or advises) that code.
AspectC++ provides a join point API to provide and access to information about the join point. For example, the function:
returns the name of the function (that matched codice_1) that is about to be called.
The join point API also provides compile-time type information that can be used within an
aspect to access the type or the value of the arguments and the return type and return value of a
method or function.

</doc>
<doc id="5926163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926163" title="Brush Creek (Shaffer Creek)">
Brush Creek (Shaffer Creek)

Brush Creek is a tributary of Shaffer Creek in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Brush Creek and Chapman Run join near Clearville to form Shaffer Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="5926182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926182" title="Kïll Cheerleadër">
Kïll Cheerleadër

Kill Cheerleader was a rock band whose teenage members formed in 1999 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada as "Cheerleader 666". Mainly influenced by punk rock and heavy metal acts such as The Stooges, early era Guns N' Roses, Mötley Crüe, Iron Maiden, the Ramones, Girlschool, Joan Jett and Neil Young, they had crafted their own unique, sleazy style of rock 'n' roll, once being described as "a derailed train hitting a Baptist Church". Lemmy from Motörhead described Kill Cheerleader as the "greatest rock n' roll band since Guns N' Roses."
Biography.
The original members of the group were childhood friends who learned their instruments practicing old Guns N' Roses, The Stooges and Mötley Crüe songs (which was strange and frowned upon at the time due to rap-metal bands dominating the rock scene). A band member reportedly said that the name came from miserable high school experiences, saying, “beat up the jocks and kill the cheerleaders”. They started off playing shows in Toronto but were soon banned from clubs for their on and off stage antics. They started playing shows in Southern California after being invited by Chris Squire to open dates for his garage punk group, The Tori Cobras. During this tour Squire introduced the band to professional skateboarder, Kris Markovich, landing Kill Cheerleader the opening music track in Markovich's "Hollywood Skateboards" video. After this tour the band became popular among hardcore skateboarders and so-cal punk rockers.
After some 8000 demo CDs were sold, a German record label licensed one of their unmixed/unmastered recordings and released it as 7 track LP titled "Gutter Days" which was rereleased on 10” vinyl in 2003. One reviewer called it "the greatest punk n' roll recording ever made... completely redefined excellence in that genre... I am shaken..." (House of Smut). Ky Anto, lead guitarist for Robin Black once called them "The sound of desperation"... Nikki Sixx of Mötley Crüe called them the "best new band" in his online journal. "SPIN" Magazine journalists wrote how they were "blown away" about their live show, and Alternative Press has called them a "band to watch." Rock legend Lemmy from Motörhead invited them to open their UK tour and talked about them on SuicideGirls.com and in Playboy, declaring Kïll Cheerleadër as the "greatest rock n' roll band since Guns N' Roses."
Their music has been described as “the greatest fusion of Stooges/Guns fuck rock anyone has ever spewed”, as well as “taking the energy of early Motorhead while grinding it together with the energy of bands like The Ramones or The Stooges”. Critics have also stated that “pre-punk rockers The Stooges, glam stalwarts Motley Crue, and straight-up scumbags Guns N' Roses have their fingerprints all over Kill Cheerleader's sound”. Ethan Deth has pointed out that "we have our punk and metal songs but we also have a strong Neil Young influence, which we don't ignore”.
After traveling to the U.S west coast and playing a number of high-profile shows in Los Angeles the band gained a new following for their destructive and fresh take on dirty punk-metal. Their debut album "All Hail" was released in 2004 through Spinerazor Records.
The band broke up in 2006 on the eve of a major record deal, due to drug addicted members. One key member is currently in jail and this destroys any hope of a reunion.
Aftermath.
During the band's hiatus (the band did not officially break up) members split off into new bands. Ethan Kath formed successful electronic music band, Crystal Castles and soon drafted in Chris Rites (now using his birth name Christoper Chartrand). Jason Decay started heavy metal band Goat Horn, which achieved success after morphing into Cauldron. Anthony Bleed (aka Useless aka Cobra) pursued hard rock, by joining Canadian radio mainstays Die Mannequin. Jimmy Nova formed a rock & roll band called Darlings of Chelsea. Jacki Slaughter leads 80s metal revivalists Skull Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="5926184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926184" title="From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer)">
From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer)

"From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer)" is a song by the Gainesville, Florida-based punk rock band Against Me!, released as the second single from their 2005 album "Searching for a Former Clarity". Like the first single "Don't Lose Touch", it was released exclusively on twelve-inch vinyl with a remixed version of the song as the A-side and the album version as the B-side. The A-side version was remixed by Ad-Rock of the Beastie Boys. The single was limited to 3,185 copies. The lyrics of the song address then-United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on the subject of the Iraq War, with lines such as "After all this death and destruction, do you really think your actions advocate freedom?" and "Condoleezza, what are we gonna do now?"
The music video for "From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer)" depicts a fantasy world analogous to that of "The Wizard of Oz". A young girl with the head of a rabbit, after watching news footage of Condoleezza Rice defending the United States' police actions in the Iraq War, sets out along a yellow brick road in search of Rice. Along the way she is joined by two men, one with the head of a pig and the other with the head of a chicken, both of whom are also seeking Rice. The trio arrive at a palace in which they find an animatronic puppet with Rice's televised face, to which they pose the question "What are we gonna do now?" The question confounds and overloads the puppet, and the trio escape as it and the building collapse and explode.

</doc>
<doc id="5926192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926192" title="Council of Orange">
Council of Orange

Council of Orange may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926195" title="Chapman Run">
Chapman Run

Chapman Run is a tributary of Shaffer Creek in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Chapman Run and Brush Creek join near Clearville to form Shaffer Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="5926197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926197" title="Riemenschneider">
Riemenschneider

Riemenschneider is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5926213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926213" title="The Bourne Betrayal">
The Bourne Betrayal

The Bourne Betrayal is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the fifth novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was published in June 2007. It is Lustbader's second Bourne novel, following "The Bourne Legacy" that was published in 2004. Lustbader has written a sequel to "The Bourne Betrayal" titled "The Bourne Sanction".
Prologue.
In the prologue, CIA Deputy Director Martin Lindros, is in Ras Dejen, the tallest peak in the Semien mountain range, tracking major shipments of yellowcake uranium and atomic bomb weaponry. Lindros is then kidnapped by the terrorist leader, Fadi, one of the leaders of Dujja. Fadi's real name is Abu Ghazi Hadir al-Jamuh ibn Hamid ibn Ashef al-Wahhib. His brother, Karim al-Jamil and he are the leaders of Dujja.
Plot summary.
At the beginning of the book, Bourne is in Doctor Sunderland's office. Sunderland, recommended by Lindros, is a specialist in memory restoration and miniaturization. Unfortunately for Bourne, he doesn't know that this man posing as Sunderland is actually Costin Veintrop, hired by Fadi to mess with Bourne's brain by creating new memories. These new memories can be evoked by new smells or even hearing things. As Bourne exits the office two things happen: Veintrop calls Fadi and tells him the work is done, and Bourne receives a call that Martin is missing. He then catches a cab and heads back to the CIA headquarters to talk to the Old Man.
Back at the CIA Bourne is introduced to a number of new people: Matthew Lerner (the Deputy Director until Lindros gets back), Soraya Moore (a senior case officer), Hiram Cevik (a prisoner, actually Fadi in disguise), and Tim Hytner (who is framed as a traitor to the CIA organization). Tim is working on cracking a cipher created by Fadi. Unwittingly Bourne brings Cevik out of his prison cage to take a walk with him in an attempt to extract more information about Fadi. Then Cevik escapes under the cover of a gun battle in which Hytner is killed. Bourne then steals a motorcycle from the back of a truck to follow the Hummer, which he thinks Cevik is still trying to escape in. Once the Hummer is stopped up the street, CIA officers surround the car, waiting for the prisoners to step out. Bourne then realizes the car is rigged to explode. He grabs Soraya and they make their way to safety just before detonation.
Later, Jakob and Lev Silver (Fadi and Muta ibn Aziz in disguise) arrive at the Hotel Constitution, located on the northeast corner of 20th and F Streets. They have a hotel worker named Omar bring them some champagne; the room service was merely a ruse to kill the innocent man and use his likeness to disguise Fadi in an elaborate diversion to easily get Fadi out of the country. Fadi kills Omar, uses makeup and props to disguise his own face with Omar's features, sprays the room with Carbon Disulfide and sets fire to the suite. The room burns, and turns Omar's body into unrecognizable ash as Fadi slips away.
Bourne boards a plane intent on finding Fadi. While on board he looks at some of the pictures that Deron has given him on Fadi. Bourne ends up going from London to Addis Ababa; Ababa to Djibouti. In Djibouti, he takes a CIA helicopter to Ras Dejen to look for Fadi and check the area. He finds a body suspiciously drained of all its natural fluids; he suspects radiation is the key. While there, in the wreck of Skorpion One, Bourne sees a boy, Alem. Alem leads him into town and to his father. After being chased by terrorists, he goes and sees the victims of Skorpion One inside a church. There the pilot, Jaime Cowell, tells him that Fadi was torturing Lindros.
Meanwhile, Martin Lindros is being tortured by Fadi and his men, and they are all on the move. They relocate Martin to places that are safe for Fadi and his people; and sufficiently away from Bourne. In this case they move him to a Dujja hiding place in a cave. When Bourne arrives in Ras Dejen, he is able to rescue Lindros (actually an impostor named Karim al-Jamil) and brings him back to the CIA, where Karim sends him to Munich to meet with Yevgeny Feyodovich, a man that does business with Dujja. Karim gets word from his source that Bourne will be landing tomorrow, and gives orders for him to be executed.
Upon arriving and starting what he believes to be his mission, Bourne discovers Edor Vladovich Lemontov (a fictitious drug lord that Bourne was to meet with) is not a real person, and ends up in a chase with the terrorists. The chase culminates with Bourne ending up on a beach face to face with Fadi. Fadi says "I've waited a long time for this moment," referring to the time that Bourne killed his sister (which we later learn is untrue). Fadi and Bourne fight, with Fadi stabbing Bourne with a knife. During the struggle, a dog attacks Fadi and bites him in the face, knocking him off his guard. The dog (a boxer named Oleksandr) is with Soraya and she is there in Odessa to help Bourne, unaware that she was sent by the impostor Lindros to be killed as well.
Bourne and Soraya escape and end up in Istanbul, Turkey, where they find a tracking device planted on him. This happened the day that they took Hiram Cevik out of his prison cage. Bourne figures out that the prisoner was actually Fadi in disguise. They also discover the truth behind a lot of the other deceptions being played out, including the fact that Soraya's friend, Anne Held was Karim (The Fake Lindros)'s Mistress, and the true mole in the CIA. They find out that Veintrop was hired by Fadi to do the surgery. They find out that Sunderland's office wasn't even open on Tuesday. Bourne sends Soraya back to the CIA to find the mole inside. Bourne goes to Nesim Hatun's house to ask him about some things. There he starts following Fadi's messenger back to Buyukada, where he poses as the pilot of Muta's airplane. They end up crashing, and Bourne finds out that he didn't actually kill Fadi's sister Sarah; Muta and his brother Abbud did because she was having a secret love affair.
Bourne and his friend Feyd al-Sould find the underground opening to the Dujja facility in Miran Shah. Feyd al-Sould and his cadre go and blow up the water pipes, flooding the underground facility. Bourne then finds Lindros, being held hostage by Fadi, and kills Fadi. Fadi however, had managed to shoot a bullet through Lindros' jaw and eye socket, giving the injured CIA deputy director very little time to live. Katya Veintrop, Costin's wife, is also killed. Costin then deactivates the detonator bomb. Jason makes his way back to the CIA to kill Karim al-Jamil.
Meanwhile, Soraya and Tyrone are on the run from supremacists and terrorists. They end up finding the Old Man being embalmed in a mortuary, as they set out for the CIA headquarters. They get shot at by terrorists in the Old Man's limousine, thinking that they can get into the headquarters by showing them the DCI's face, redone by another one of Fadi's men.
Bourne kills Karim al-Jamil at the IVT facility by using the same trademark as his nemesis Carlos the Jackal, a bullet to the throat . He then realizes that there is a second timer on the bomb. However after thinking about it he realizes that the second timer was put in there by Veintrop, who, to get back at Fadi and Karim's men for hurting and torturing his wife, didn't connect it to the bomb.
The character of "Peter Marks" is killed in this book yet makes an appearance in the Bourne Dominion.

</doc>
<doc id="5926214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926214" title="WJJS">
WJJS

WJJS (104.9 FM) and WJJX (102.7 FM) are Rhythmic Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio stations.
WJJS is licensed to Roanoke, Virginia, serving the Metro Roanoke area. WJJX is licensed to Appomattox, Virginia, serving the Metro Lynchburg area. Both WJJS and WJJX are owned and operated by Clear Channel Communications.
History of "Jammin' JJS" Format.
WJJS-FM & WJJX began their history when 101.7 WJJX in Lynchburg evolved from a R&B/Hip-Hop direction as "Power 101.7" to Rhythmic Top 40 as "Jammin' 101.7". It also expanded its reach into Roanoke when it acquired 106.1 WWFO and made the station its simulcast on January 18, 1994. When this happened, the original WJJS call letters were assigned to the 106.1 frequency and 101.7 became WJJX. The history of WJJS dates back many years before this change, however, having broadcast on 1320 AM for quite some time as a traditional R&B station serving Lynchburg, Virginia.
By 1998 they shifted to Contemporary Hit Radio/Top 40 Mainstream and began a serious challenge to take on the area's longtime rival WXLK in a battle would last for nearly seven years, even though they maintained a Rhythmic lean during that tenure.
But by 2005 WJJS-FM/WJJX would start shifting back towards a pure Rhythmic direction as they began phasing out non-Rhythmic product, resulting in a complete return to Rhythmic Top 40 in the Spring of 2006.
At noon on December 17, 2007, WJJS and WJJX moved from 106.1 FM and 101.7 FM to 104.9 FM and 102.7 FM.
On May 11, 2009, WJJS and WJJX began carrying "Elvis Duran and the Morning Show" from 6 to 10am. Morning show team "Styles & Nicky" were moved to afternoon drive.
Combined 104.9/102.7 History.
102.7 WJJX signed in on March 28, 1989 as WZST and then became WVLR on March 16, 1992.
104.9 WJJS signed in on June 4, 1992 as WLUB on and then quickly became WVRV on September 1, 1992.
In late 1993, the frequencies 104.9 and 102.7 began a simulcast, becoming "Oldies 105 and 102.7". On December 15, 1993, the WRDJ callsign was moved from 105.1 FM, located in Bridgewater, Virginia, to 104.9 FM, while on November 30, 1993, 102.7 FM became WLDJ. In 1998, WRDJ traded frequencies with then-WVMJ in Blacksburg in order for both stations to boost power (becoming Class C3), thus making the stations "Oldies 104.9 and 102.7".
In early 2001, low ratings led to a few days of stunting as "Elvis 104.9 and 102.7" until a new Hot Adult Contemporary format was launched on February 21, 2001, branded as "Magic FM," with 104.9 FM becoming WMGR-FM and 102.7 FM becoming WMJA.
In 2004, WMGR-FM boosted power yet again (becoming Class C2), and just after noon on March 10, 2005, WMGR-FM at 104.9 FM was flipped to Country as "104.9 The Bull", while WMJA at 102.7 FM became a simulcast of WSNV at 93.5 FM, carrying a Light Adult Contemporary format as "Sunny FM". A week later on March 15, the callsign for 104.9 FM was changed to WZBL, while 102.7 FM became WSNZ. On February 18, 2006, WZBL at 104.9 FM segued to Classic Country and kept its "The Bull" branding.
At noon on December 17, 2007, WZBL at 104.9 FM swapped calls and formats with WJJS-FM at 106.1 FM, and WSNV at 102.7 FM swapped with WJJX at 101.7 FM. This once again reunited 104.9 FM with 102.7 FM and made the pair "104.9 & 102.7 Jammin' JJS." The WZBL callsign and Classic Country format remained on 106.1 FM until March 28, 2009 when the Classic Country format was dropped a day earlier and the call sign was changed to WSFF.
Audio of 102.7 FM frequency change: [http://data.quelorant.com/audio/1027-Sunny-WJJX.mp3]

</doc>
<doc id="5926217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926217" title="Riesel">
Riesel

Riesel can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926219" title="24th Genie Awards">
24th Genie Awards

The 24th Genie Awards were held on May 1, 2004, to honour films released in 2003. The ceremony was hosted by Scott Thompson. The ceremony was broadcast on CHUM Limited's terrestrial Citytv and Access Alberta networks, as well as on the cable channels Bravo! and Star!. 
Nominations were announced on March 16, 2004. The film "Seducing Doctor Lewis" garnered the most nominations with 11 nods, although it was virtually shut out on the night of the ceremony, winning only the award for Best Cinematography. Denys Arcand's "The Barbarian Invasions" was the night's big winner, winning six awards including Best Picture. Arcand joked, however, that he had won only because neither David Cronenberg nor Atom Egoyan had a film in competition.
Sarah Polley's Best Actress win for "My Life Without Me" was the only one of the six top awards not won by "The Barbarian Invasions". Polley took the opportunity in her speech to lament the state of Canadian film: "We make great movies in this country and it's a shame that the Canadian public never gets to see them."

</doc>
<doc id="5926221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926221" title="Joe Reekie">
Joe Reekie

Joseph James Reekie (born February 22, 1965 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
A stay-at-home defenceman renowned for his defensive skills, Reekie was originally drafted in 1983 by the Hartford Whalers; however, he never signed with the team and re-entered the NHL draft two years later where he was drafted this time by the Buffalo Sabres. Reekie played for the Sabres, New York Islanders, Tampa Bay Lightning, Washington Capitals, and Chicago Blackhawks.
After retiring from active professional play, Reekie became a post-game analyst for the Capitals on Comcast SportsNet. He currently has three children, Jamie, Jordan, and Justin Reekie. Justin Reekie was studying drama at Queen's University but later dropped out and transferred to St. Lawrence College for a certificate in hair dressing. Justin Reekie is currently pursuing acting and modelling. 

</doc>
<doc id="5926248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926248" title="Anesthesia dolorosa">
Anesthesia dolorosa

Anesthesia dolorosa or anaesthesia dolorosa is pain felt in an area (usually of the face) which is completely numb to touch. The pain is described as constant, burning, aching or severe. It can be a side effect of surgery involving any part of the trigeminal system, and occurs after 1–4% of peripheral surgery for trigeminal neuralgia. No effective medical therapy has yet been found. Several surgical techniques have been tried, with modest or mixed results. The value of surgical interventions is difficult to assess because published studies involve small numbers of mixed patient types and little long term follow-up.

</doc>
<doc id="5926251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926251" title="List of Norwegian battles">
List of Norwegian battles

List of Norwegian battles is a list of battles fought in Norway or which a significant number of Norwegians participated.

</doc>
<doc id="5926301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926301" title="Pretty Girl">
Pretty Girl

Pretty Girl or Pretty Girls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926312" title="Abide with Me (play)">
Abide with Me (play)

Abide with Me is a 1935 play by American playwright Clare Boothe Luce.

</doc>
<doc id="5926329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926329" title="Neil Carter (political scientist)">
Neil Carter (political scientist)

Professor Neil Carter is a British political scientist based at the University of York. He has written on a wide range of topics, including public policy, electoral analysis, workplace democracy and environmental politics. His most popular book is "The Politics of the Environment". This was originally published in 2001 by Cambridge University Press, with a second, revised edition, released in 2007. He is joint editor of the journal "Environmental Politics", published by Routledge, and was made a Professor prior to the commencement of the 2008-2009 academic year. He is also a keen supporter of West Ham United FC.
Publications.
His publications include

</doc>
<doc id="5926335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926335" title="Adriana Lavat">
Adriana Lavat

Adriana Lavat (born September 7, 1973 in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and television host.
Lavat is the daughter of Mexican actor Jorge Lavat. Her mother, Chuti Rodriguez, is also an actress.
She plays small roles in Mexican telenovelas. In 1999, she hosted a television show called "A Que No Te Atreves" next to Sofía Vergara. 
Lavat married Mexican soccer player Rafael Márquez in December 2003, and had two children, Santiago-Rafael and Rafaela, before separating in early 2007 due to rumors of the soccer player having an affair with Mexican model Jaydy Michel. According to Lavat, the only communication she currently has with Márquez concerns their children.

</doc>
<doc id="5926342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926342" title="Maxwell Hunter">
Maxwell Hunter

Maxwell White Hunter II (March 11, 1922 – November 10, 2001) was a prominent American aerospace engineer. He worked on the design of the Douglas B-42 and B-43 bombers, the Honest John, Nike-Ajax, and Nike-Zeus missiles, the Thor IRBM, and on parts of the Strategic Defense Initiative.
In later years he worked on space-launch vehicles and was a proponent of Single-Stage-to-Orbit (SSTO) designs. He was honored in 1995 by the National Space Society for lifelong contributions to the technology of spaceflight.
Early life and education.
Maxwell Hunter was born in Hollidaysburg, Pennsylvania and graduated from Washington and Jefferson College in that state with a degree in physics and mathematics. In 1944, he earned a Master's Degree in aeronautical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
Accomplishments in Aerospace.
After earning his MS from MIT, Hunter went to work for the Douglas Aircraft Company. He became their chief designer in aeronautics, working on modifications of the B-42 and B-43 bombers. Later he was promoted to chief engineer for space systems. In this position he oversaw the production of military missiles including the Honest John artillery rocket, the Nike antiaircraft missile, and the Sparrow air-to-air missile.
Douglas Aircraft began work on the Thor, an early Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM), in late 1955 and put Hunter in charge of that program. He assembled a small team of crack designers and brought the development to success in a short time. Thor became the basis of the McDonnell Douglas Delta rocket, whose descendants are still boosting payloads into Earth orbit today.
After working for Douglas Aircraft from 1944 to 1961, Hunter joined the staff of the National Aeronautics and Space Council, a group that advised the U.S. president on space policy. Following several years in that position, he went back to the aerospace industry in 1965, spending over two decades with Lockheed Missiles and Space Company (LMSC). (LMSC was a division of Lockheed Corporation, which merged with Martin Marietta in 1995 to become Lockheed-Martin.)
At LMSC, Hunter worked on a variety of projects including parts of the mammoth Strategic Defense Initiative. SDI gave him a chance at realizing a dream he had nurtured since the 1960s: the construction of a Single-stage-to-orbit (SSTO) vehicle. In 1984, Hunter proposed a vehicle he called the X-rocket, based on those earlier SSTO designs. The design was reviewed by LMSC's Astronautics Division (AD), which judged it worth pursuing, and by its Missile Systems Division (MSD), which did not.
LMSC then declined to support further work on the X-rocket, and Hunter retired. As an independent consultant, he renamed the concept SSX (for Space Ship Experimental), and began to refine it. In December 1988 the ad hoc Citizens' Advisory Council on National Space Policy was briefed on the concept by Hunter and others. The general concept was endorsed by the Council and by High Frontier, Inc., a Washington-based group headed by Lt. Gen. Daniel O. Graham that lobbied for SDI programs. Working together, Hunter and High Frontier convinced SDI management and other national officials that a study should be initiated to determine once and for all the feasibility of SSTO vehicles for military missions.
This led to a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) program to design a single-stage vehicle that could replace military satellites on short notice during a national emergency. This vehicle was known as the Delta Clipper. McDonnell Douglas Corporation was contracted to build and test fly a one-third-scale, suborbital testbed called the DC-X, or Delta Clipper Experimental. While not capable of spaceflight, the DC-X incorporated many of the technologies needed for an SSTO vehicle, including highly automated systems enabling a quick turnaround (just twenty-six hours) between launches. It made eight successful test flights between August 18, 1993, and July 7, 1995, and then was taken over by NASA and flown four times as the DC-XA between May 18 and July 31, 1996. It was damaged on its last flight when one landing strut failed to deploy and the vehicle tipped over at landing. Funding to make repairs and continue flight tests was not made available.
Max Hunter continued to advise on space policy issues and advocate the building of SSTO vehicles for airline-like access to space, a goal he was sure could be attained. He chaired the Rules Committee for the Ansari X Prize, announced in 1996, a $10 million prize for the first reusable craft to reach space twice within two weeks without substantial refit. In October 2000, he agreed to serve as Chairman of the Advisory Board for the Undersea Hotel Project of the Cala Corporation. He died at Stanford Hospital, Stanford, California on the evening of November 10, 2001 after a lingering illness.
Honors, Awards and Affiliations.
Max Hunter was Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi, and a Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA), the American Astronautical Society (AAS), and the British Interplanetary Society (BIS). He was also a member of the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA) and an honorary member of the Japanese Rocket Society. In 1995, he received the Wernher von Braun Memorial Award of the National Space Society for "lifelong contributions to the fields of rockets, missiles and spaceflight." He was also the recipient of a NASA Public Service Medal for "the definition and promotion of the Space Shuttle and its utilization." The Space Frontier Foundation bestowed its 1994 VISION TO REALITY AWARD on Hunter and other key members of the Delta Clipper (DC-X) Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5926345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926345" title="1948 Tour de France">
1948 Tour de France

The 1948 Tour de France was the 35th Tour de France, taking place June 30 to July 25, 1948. It consisted of 21 stages over 4,922 km, ridden at an average speed of 33.443 km/h.
The race was won by Italian cyclist Gino Bartali, who had also won the Tour de France in 1938. Bartali had almost given up during the race, but drew inspiration from a phone call from the Italian prime minister, who asked him to win the Tour de France to prevent civil unrest in Italy. Bartali also won the mountains classification, while the team classification was won by the Belgian team.
Changes from the 1947 Tour de France.
The prize for wearing the yellow jersey was introduced in 1948, sponsored by Les Laines, a French wool company.
In 1947, the media had complained that too many cyclists reached the end of the race, so the race was no longer heroic; this may have motivated a new rule between the third and the eighteenth stage, the rider last in the general classification was eliminated;
Where the 1947 Tour de France had been France-centered, the 1948 race became more cosmopolitan.
The tour visited the Saar protectorate for the first time when the 18th stage passed Saarbrücken and Saarlouis. A second visit took place in 1953.
The first live television broadcast from the Tour de France was in 1948, when the arrival at the velodrome of Parc des Princes was broadcast live.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1948 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams.
After there had not been an official Italian team allowed in the previous edition, the Italians were back. The Italian cyclists was divided between Gino Bartali and Fausto Coppi. Both argued in the preparation of the race about who would be the team leader. The Tour organisation wanted to have both cyclists in the race, so they allowed the Italians and Belgians to enter a second team. In the end, Coppi refused to participate, and Bartali became the team leader. The organisation still allowed the Italians and Belgians to enter a second team, but they were to be composed of young cyclists, and were named the Italian Cadets and the Belgian Aiglons.
The Tour organisation invited the Swiss to send a team, as they wanted Ferdi Kübler, the winner of the 1948 Tour de Suisse, in the race. Kübler refused this because he could earn more money in other races. When the brothers Georges and Roger Aeschlimann announced that they wanted to join the race, they were quickly accepted, especially because they were from Lausanne, where the Tour would pass through. They were put in a team with eight non-French cyclists living in France, and were named the Internationals.
Twelve teams of ten cyclists entered the race: Belgium, Dutch/Luxembourg, Internationals, Italy, France, Belgian Aiglons, Italian Cadets, Centre–South-West, Ile de France–France-North-East, West-France, Paris and France-South-East. There were 60 French cyclists, 24 Italian, 22 Belgian, 6 Dutch, 4 Luxembourgian, 2 Swiss, 1 Polish and 1 Algerian cyclist.
Race details.
As the Italian team had not entered the Tours de France of 1939 and 1947, it was the first Tour de France for Bartali since his victory ten years before in 1938. His results in the Giro d'Italia had not been well, and it was not thought that Bartali could compete for the win.
Bartali however won the sprint in the first stage, and thanks to the bonification of one minute for the winner, he was leading the race. After that, the Italian team took a low profile in the race.
The lead was quickly taken by Louison Bobet. After the ninth stage, Bobet had built up a lead of more than nine minutes. In the tenth stage, he lost time, and Belgian cyclist Roger Lambrecht reduced the margin to 29 seconds. After the eleventh stage, Bobet was still in the lead, but was having problems, and after he fainted at the finish, he wanted to give up. After a meal, massage and sleeping, he changed his mind, and won the twelfth stage.
The next day, Bartali won stage 13 with a large margin. In the general classification, he jumped to second place, trailing by only 66 seconds. In the next stage, Bartali won again, and took over the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification. Bobet was now in second place, eight minutes behind. The next stage, stage 15, was also won by Bartali.
The sixteenth stage was not won by Bartali, but because his direct competitors lost time, he increased his lead to 32 minutes. Bartali lost minutes in the time trial in stage 17, but his lead was never endangered.
With each stage win of Bartali (seven in total), the Italian excitement about the Tour de France increased, and the political tensions quieted.
Stages.
Bartali's three stage wins in a row was the last time that happened, until Mario Cipollini achieved four in a row in 1999.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
The budget of the Tour de France in 1948 was 45 million Francs, from which one third was provided by private enterprises.
In total, 7 million Francs of prizes were awarded in the 1948 Tour de France. Of these, 600.000 Francs were given to Bartali for winning the general classification. Bartali is the only cyclist to win two Tours de France ten years apart.
Of the 120 cyclists, 44 finished the race.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. There were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category A, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category B, gave 5 points to the first cyclist.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated by adding the times in the general classification of the best three cyclists per team.
Other awards.
The Tour de France in 1948 for the first time had a special award for the best regional rider. This was won by third-placed Guy Lapébie.
Aftermath.
The 1948 Tour de France first showed the strengths of Louison Bobet. Bobet would be the first rider to win three consecutive Tours de France, from 1953 to 1955. After the race, the Italian team manager Alfredo Binda said about Bobet: "If I would have directed Bobet, he would have won the Tour."
Coppi, who had not competed in the 1948 Tour de France because of his bad relationship with Bartali, would enter and win the 1949 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="5926352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926352" title="Wang Ling (Three Kingdoms)">
Wang Ling (Three Kingdoms)

Wang Ling (died 251), courtesy name Yanyun, was a military general of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.
Early life and career.
Wang Ling's family fled to the countryside after his uncle, Wang Yun, was executed in 192 for fomenting Lü Bu's assassination of Dong Zhuo. Later he was declared "xiaolian", a crucial nomination to be considered for civil service appointments, and became the Grand Administrator of Zhongshan (中山太守). His excellent public service was noticed by chancellor Cao Cao, who moved him into his office.
Service in Cao Wei.
In Cao Cao's army, Wang Ling engaged in several battles with Eastern Wu. As the Inspector of Yanzhou, he attacked Sun Quan under Zhang Liao. His victory led to his promotion to General Jianwu (建武将军). In another battle against Eastern Wu, he rescued the besieged general Cao Xiu. He was promoted to General of Chariots and Cavalry (车骑将军) after a major victory against Quan Cong.
Rebellion.
In the second year of Cao Fang's reign, Wang Ling was appointed Minister of Works, while his nephew Linghu Yu (令狐愚) became the Inspector of Yanzhou (兗州刺史). Wang Ling lost faith in Cao Fang's ability to rule after Sima Yi's coup d'etat in the incident at Gaoping Tombs succeeded in turning the emperor against Sima Yi's rival, Cao Shuang. As a result, Wang Ling conspired to replace emperor Cao Fang with his uncle Cao Biao (曹彪). The conspiracy suffered a setback, however, when Linghu Yu died of an illness. The plot was discovered and Sima Yi led an army to Wang before he could prepare himself for a defense. After Wang surrendered to Sima with the promise of a pardon, he was forced to commit suicide, and his family members and associates were condemned to family annihilation.

</doc>
<doc id="5926353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926353" title="Margin for Error">
Margin for Error

Margin for Error is a 1943 American drama film directed by Otto Preminger. The screenplay by Lillie Hayward and Samuel Fuller is based on the 1939 play of the same title by Clare Boothe Luce. 
Plot.
When police officer Moe Finkelstein is ordered to serve as a bodyguard to German consul Karl Baumer by the mayor of New York City, he turns in his badge because the man is a Nazi. The mayor tells Moe although he personally is opposed to Adolf Hitler and his regime, he is under special orders from the Berlin government to halt demonstrations in against Nazi sympathizers and organizers, and he feels he will demonstrate the American system of democracy if he obeys their wishes.
Moe quickly discovers Baumer is in trouble with Berlin for having squandered money intended to finance sabotage. His secretary, Baron Max von Alvenstor, has become disenchanted with his boss and refuses to stall the delivery of a damaging financial report to Berlin. Baumer's Czechoslovakian wife Sophia confesses to Moe she loathes her husband and married him only to secure her father's release from prison. Also at odds with Baumer is Otto Horst, who has been ordered to procure false identification cards for German saboteurs assigned to blow up an American port at the end of a radio broadcast delivered by Hitler.
Under orders from Berlin to dispense with Horst, Baumer plots to frame Max for the man's murder and tries to enlist Sophia's help, but she warns Horst of the scheme, so he begins to carry a gun for protection. While listening to the radio speech with her husband, Horst, and Max, Sophia grabs Horst's gun and kills Baumer. Max urges Sophia to escape before anyone sees her.
Moe discovers the body and begins to question suspects, including Sophia, who readily confesses to the crime, but Max insists it was he who killed Baumer. Moe reveals Baumer not only was shot, but stabbed and poisoned as well. Meanwhile, Max rushes to the port where the saboteurs are concealed and orders them to dismantle the bomb. With only minutes to spare, the bomb is dismantled and the saboteurs are captured. Returning to the consulate, Max identifies Horst as an accomplice to the saboteurs, and Horst is arrested.
A coroner's report determines Baumer died because he accidentally drank from a glass he had laced with poison intended for Max.
Plot Sources.
The original play was based on an incident that occurred in 1938, when New York Mayor Fiorello La Guardia appointed Police Captain Max Finkelstein to head a special squad of Jewish officers tasked with protecting the German consulate in the city from protestors. The police officer character's name was originally Max Finkelstein, but was changed to Moe Finkelstein after the real Finkelstein's suicide in May 1940.
Production.
Otto Preminger had directed and starred as Baumer in the Broadway production of Claire Booth Luce's play, which opened on November 3, 1939 at the Plymouth Theatre, where it ran for 264 performances, and he reprised the role for a national tour in the summer of 1940.
According to the "New York Times", 20th Century Fox purchased the screen rights for $25,000 in the spring of 1941 but temporarily shelved the property because studio executives felt Boothe's "statement of the opposition between fascism and democracy had become self-evident to the point of banality." In April 1942, William Goetz, serving as interim studio head while Darryl F. Zanuck was fulfilling his military duty, greenlighted the project and assigned it to director Ernst Lubitsch. Goetz wanted Preminger to reprise his role of Baumer, but Preminger insisted he wanted to direct as well. When Goetz refused, Preminger offered to direct for free and agreed to withdraw from helming the film but remain as Baumer if Goetz was unhappy with his work at the end of the first week of filming, and Goetz agreed.
Preminger thought the screenplay by Lillie Hayward was "awful" and hired newcomer Samuel Fuller, on leave from the United States Army, to help him revise the script. The men agreed Luce's original play, written as a call to arms, had to become a morale booster for a country firmly entrenched in World War II. As such, they presented the story as a flashback to the period prior to America's entry in the war. Principal photography began on September 28, 1942, and at the end of the first week, Goetz told the director he was so pleased with the dailies he was offering him a seven-year contract as director and actor. Preminger requested producing rights as well, and the deal was sealed. He completed filming on November 5, on schedule and only slightly over budget.
Critical reception.
Theodore Strauss of the "New York Times" observed, "Less than brilliant when done on Broadway, the script is now painfully dated. The Nazis certainly are not less villainous, but as they are shown in the film they are much less interesting. Practically every character and situation has long been a cliché of anti-Nazi films generally . . . There are other examples of worn conventions. "Margin for Error" tells us nothing new and tells it very dully . . . As a story the film has practically no suspense. It is not greatly helped by the tediously bombastic style of Otto Preminger as the consul nor by Joan Bennett as his suffering wife. Poor Milton Berle . . . is forced to forsake his comic antics and make sweet speeches on the benefits of democracy, a role for which Mr. Berle seems way out of line. For that matter, "Margin for Error" is way out of line as well." 
Alexander Larman of Channel 4 rated the film three out of five stars and noted, "Otto Preminger is rightly regarded as one of the most talented émigré directors to have had a successful career in post-war American film. However, "Margin For Error", while undeniably entertaining in a B-movie manner, is hardly indicative of his talent, suffering from a plot that alternates between cliche and head-scratching reversals, some unimpressive acting and a limp denouement." 

</doc>
<doc id="5926366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926366" title="This Woman (LeAnn Rimes album)">
This Woman (LeAnn Rimes album)

This Woman is the seventh studio album by LeAnn Rimes released on January 25, 2005. While promoting "This Woman", she stated that it was her return to her "roots", country music. In essence, the album has a strong theme of love, falling in love and marriage. This could be due to LeAnn's own marriage to her back up dancer Dean Sheremet. The album was a success on the country charts. Like "Twisted Angel", Rimes helped pen tracks on the album ("You Take Me Home", "I Got It Bad" and "When This Woman Loves a Man").
Singles from the album include, in order of release, "Nothin' 'bout Love Makes Sense", "Probably Wouldn't Be This Way", "Something's Gotta Give" and "Some People". Respectively, these reached #5, #3, #2, and #36 on the country singles charts.
The album also features the track "I Dare You" which was also recorded by SHeDAISY on their 2004 album, "Sweet Right Here".
A bonus thirteenth track, "Afraid to Fall", was released exclusively to US Target stores. It was also included as a bonus track on the Japanese version of the album. Rimes helped pen this track as well.
Personnel.
Credits for "This Woman" were adapted from liner notes.
Charts.
"This Woman" debuted at #3 on the "Billboard" 200 with over 101,000 copies sold in its 1st week, it fell to #25 with 40,000 copies sold in its 2nd week and #40 in its 3rd week with 37,000 copies sold. The album spent 3 weeks in top 50 and a total of 47 weeks in "Billboard" 200. It has received gold status and sold over 618,000 copies in United States as of June 2006 by Nielsen SoundScan.

</doc>
<doc id="5926387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926387" title="Modern Toss">
Modern Toss

Modern Toss is the creation of British comedy writers and cartoonists Jon Link and Mick Bunnage. Renowned for their scurrilous humour and highly stylised animation, it was created in 2004, initially as a website publishing single panel jokes and then as series of irregularly released comics. To date there have been seven comics, with the early ones now highly collectable (especially the second, with its free sample of royal hair). The first four comics were republished as two books by Macmillan and two TV series were produced for Channel 4 and distributed worldwide by Fremantle Media.
Prior to starting Modern Toss, Jon Link and Mick Bunnage were on the original launch team for Loaded magazine, where they developed their first joint cartoon strip 'Office Pest'.
Comics and books.
Since 2004, eight issues of Modern Toss have been published as comics plus one Christmas Special in 2007. Only Issues 5 to 8 are still in print and some of the early editions are now highly collectable.
The early editions of the comics were part funded by advance subscriptions of enthusiasts who discovered Modern Toss cartoons on the web and eventually became the ‘Friends of Modern Toss’ – always credited on the final page each of the comics.
The first two issues of the comic were compiled into a book, "Modern Toss", published by Macmillan. in 2004 (now out of print) and Simon & Schuster in the US (2006). "Modern Toss: Another Book" was compiled from comic issues three and four and was also published by Macmillan in 2007. Macmillan went on to publish three further books: "The Modern Toss Guide to Work" (2007), "Modern Toss Christmas Special" (2008) which is now out of print and "Home-Clubber – ‘All You Can Eat’" (2009) drawn from the long running strip in the "Guardian" Guide; "Home-Clubber" is also out of print.
Alongside publishing the comics Modern Toss have self-published three books – Collected Thoughts by Drive-By Abuser (2009), a hand-stitched collection of comic verse from their character famed for his half-baked musings; More Work (2010) a compilation of the Work cartoons produced subsequent to the release of "The Modern Toss Guide to Work" ; and Desperate Business (2012) which drew on the long running series of strips in the satirical publication Private Eye.
In 2013 a souvenir book version of the F**KYEUX Tapestry was published [http://www.moderntoss.com/books/book/the-fkyeux-tapestry-book/];an historic cartoon snapshot that was created in 6 hours on the 28th April 2013 at Pick Me Up in Somerset House, London by Modern Toss and some people who turned up on the day.It was scribed onto one continuous roll of paper and in real life measures 103 metres, a distance Usain Bolt could cover in under 10 seconds if he felt like it!
Television.
Channel 4 commissioned Modern Toss to produce a half-hour Comedy Lab entitled "Modern Toss" IMDb. A live action and animation treatment which was first broadcast in May 2005 and most recently repeated in Channel 4’s Funny Fortnight in August 2012. A co-production between Modern Toss Productions and Channel X, the 30 minute show was written by Jon Link and Mick Bunnage. Live action was directed by Joe Cornish animation was Directed by Jon Link and Mick Bunnage, DoP was Ben Wheatley.
Channel 4 subsequently commissioned two six part series, the first which was broadcast from 11 July 2006 and the second from January 23, 2008 4OD info. It includes live action, animation, and cartoons combining the two. The show has a voice cast that includes Mackenzie Crook, Doon Mackichan, Paul Kaye, Ralph Brown and Simon Greenall.
The live-action sketches ("I live ere", "Alan", "Drive by abuser", "Customer services", "Accident and emergency", "Citizens advice", "Illegal alphabet") were directed by Ben Wheatley. The animation was designed and directed by Bunnage and Link, series one animation was produced by 12Foot6, series two by Spy Pictures and Le Singe Media of Brighton, UK.
Alongside Channel 4 on 4 May 2007 the show aired on pay TV channel Bravo in the UK as part of the adult swim block. Between 2008 and 2010 Series 2 aired on the pay TV channel Paramount Comedy Channel (subsequently rebranded as Comedy Central). In 2010-11 the show aired on 4 Music. The first series was released on Region 2 DVD in November 2007, while a second series started on Channel 4 on 23 January 2008. The Region 2 DVD of the second series was released in Spring 2008. The TV series won unanimous critical praise and were nominated for a Rose D’Or award in 2009. The two series were distributed worldwide and broadcast in 30+ territories including the US.
Following the TV series Modern Toss produced an animated sitcom Work Experience which was broadcast on E4 in 2008. In 2009 BBC commissioned Chaos Laboratories, a live action, sci-fi themed animation series (with Paul Kaye and Simon Day [http://www.moderntossproductions.com/#1ae/custom_plain.
Channel 4 then commissioned Modern Toss to produce the Business Mouse cartoon series for their Comedy Blaps series and ended up broadcasting them on Channel 4 in August 2012. Business Mouse picked up a Royal Television Society Award. Modern Toss also produced Robin of Essex for Channel 4 [http://www.moderntossproductions.com/#a20/custom_plain which debuted in 2012 online.
In 2012 Channel 4 also commissioned Modern Toss to produce a series of five promos for their Funny Fortnight in August 2012 [http://www.moderntossproductions.com/#904/custom_plain].
The Periodic Table of Swearing.
An innovative highly amusing creation inspired by the classic Periodic Table, The Periodic Table of Swearing design was featured in the highly acclaimed 2011 book Information Graphics, which documents the history of classic presentation of information through design - written by Sandra Rendgen and edited by Julius Wiedemann - it is effectively a survey of data visualisation, published by Taschen [http://www.taschen.com/pages/en/search/result.1.htm?show_all=catalogue&search_string=%22sandra+rendgen%22].
Also eulogised in Eye Magazine the Periodic Table of Swearing was produced as an actual, interactive table by Clay Interactive [http://www.clayinteractive.co.uk/exhibit.php?e=22 as an installation at the Latitude Festival in 2011. Released as an App the same year (see below) the Periodic Table of Swearing has also been utilised in design of a jacket for Gresham Blake [http://www.greshamblake.com/, Prints,T-Clots, Mugs and Magnet Sets [http://www.moderntoss.com/?q=Periodic+Table+of+Swearing].
The American Express Community Stadium, Brighton, Sussex, UK.
Modern Toss were commissioned by Brighton and Hove Albion FC to produce artwork for their new stadium in the West Stand of the ground.
Merchandise.
There is also a range of "Modern Toss" merchandise, including T-shirts, soft toys,DVDs, books, comics, magnets, posters and art prints.
Apps and Games.
The Daily Toss: Your Daily Serving of Modern Toss is an iPhone and iPad app developed by Modern Toss and Aimer Media. Cartoons from the Modern Toss archive are presented in a dated sequence in seasonal batches.
An earlier app The Pocket Shouter was a soundboard iPhone app featuring the Drive-by abuser. It first appeared in 2009 but as of March 2011 is no longer available. A new version is planned for Summer 2011.
The Periodic Table of Swearing android App was released in 2011 2013 The Periodic Table of Swearing became available online in HTML 5 [http://ptos.moderntoss.com/
In Autumn 2012 Modern Toss collaborated with Sensei Games in the design of IOS game "Sneezeman:Escape From Planet Sneeze" [https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/sneezeman-escape-from-planet/id563802602 which has 84 levels and 7 game zones.
Recurring cartoons.
Though some of them are one-off, most of the cartoons follow recurring themes (or in a few cases loosely sequential stories). The following all appear in the publications and many also in the television series:
The following recurring cartoons are in the television version only:
Mr Tourette and Alan appear on the covers of "Modern Toss" booklets and books and on merchandise.
Kickers sponsored series.
Modern Toss writers Mick Bunnage and Jon Link have partnered with shoe company Kickers in 2009 to present "Random Bandits", a suite of cartoons in the style of other Modern Toss productions. They have developed 3 strands of film themes which appear as short skits in each of the episodes that make up the Kickers presents Random Bandits series. The films feature voiceovers by comedy actor Mackenzie Crook.
All 5 films in the Random Bandits series are now launched and can be viewed on the Kickers MySpace.

</doc>
<doc id="5926392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926392" title="Automatic parking">
Automatic parking

Automatic parking is an autonomous car maneuvering system that moves a vehicle from a traffic lane into a parking spot to perform parallel parking, perpendicular or angle parking. The automatic parking system aims to enhance the comfort and safety of driving in constrained environments where much attention and experience is required to steer the car. The parking maneuver is achieved by means of coordinated control of the steering angle and speed which takes into account the actual situation in the environment to ensure collision-free motion within the available space.
The car is an example of a nonholonomic system where the number of control commands available is less than the number of coordinates that represent its position and orientation.
One of the first assistance systems for car parking used four jacks with wheels to raise the car and then move it sideways into the available parking space. This mechanical system was proposed in 1934, but was never offered on any production model.
One of the world's first experimental prototypes of "automatic parallel parking" was developed at INRIA on a Ligier electric car in the mid-1990s. It was extended to an "automatic perpendicular parking" in the early 2000s.
Development.
In 1992, Volkswagen proposed an automatic parking technology using four-wheel steering in its IRVW (Integrated Research Volkswagen) Futura concept car, allowing the driver to get out of the car and watch the whole process of parallel parking. However, no commercial version of this technology was ever offered.
In 2004, a group of Linköping University students in Sweden working with Volvo developed a project called Evolve. Evolve car can automatically cis-row parking. These students installed sensors and a computer to control steering, acceleration and brake pedals with the Volvo S60.
How it works.
An automatic parking system uses various methods to detect objects around the vehicle. Sensors installed on the front and rear bumpers can act as both a transmitter and a receiver. These sensors send a signal that will be reflected back when it encounters an obstacle near the vehicle. Then, the carputer will use the time signal it receives to determine the position of the obstacle. Other systems mounted on the bumper use the camera or radar to detect obstacles. But the result is the same: the car will detect the parking space size and distance from the roadside, then drive the car into the parking space. See Omniview technology.
Present.
In 2003, Toyota began to sell their Japanese Prius hybrid vehicle with an automatic parallel parking capability offered as an option named Intelligent Parking Assist.
In 2006, Lexus added a self-parking system to the redesigned Lexus LS sedan. It parallel parks as well as angle parks.
In 2009, Ford introduced their Active Park Assist beginning with their Lincoln models. It does parallel parking.
In 2010, BMW introduced a system called Parking Assistant on the redesigned 5-series. It does parallel parking.
Up to 2012, "automatic parking" systems were being developed by several automobile manufacturers. Ford and Lincoln offered active park assist on Ford Focus, Fusion, Escape, Explorer and Flex and Lincoln MKS and MKT. Toyota and Lexus had advanced parking assistant on Toyota Prius V Five and Lexus LS460 and LS460 L. BMW all-new sixth-generation 3 Series used a system called parking assistant. Audi A6, Mercedes-Benz also offered parktronic on their C-Class, CLS-Class Coupe, M-Class SUV, E-Class, S-Class, GL350, GL450 SUV (standard on GL550) and R-Class in different prices.

</doc>
<doc id="5926399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926399" title="South Carolina's 7th congressional district">
South Carolina's 7th congressional district

</gallery>
The 7th Congressional District of South Carolina is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in South Carolina. It was first eliminated in 1853 as a result of the 1850 Census. After the 1880 Census, it was reconstituted for 50 years. Called the "shoestring district" because of its long, narrow shape, it had majority black voters, who elected African-American representatives to Congress in the late 19th century. 
The 1895 constitution disfranchised black voters by discriminatory changes to voter registration and electoral rules. Following that, only white Democrats were elected to Congress from the district. It was eliminated in 1933 after redistricting following the 1930 Census. It was last represented by Hampton P. Fulmer, who was redistricted into the 2nd District. 
South Carolina had only six districts for the next 80 years, until it regained a seventh district in 2013 as a result of the 2010 Census. The new configuration of the 7th district is located in northeastern South Carolina, including the Myrtle Beach metropolitan area and the Pee Dee region. It is roughly similar to the configuration of the 6th district before it was reconfigured as a black-majority district after the 1990 census. Republican Tom Rice won the seat in the 2012 elections and took office in January 2013, when the 113th Congress convened. 

</doc>
<doc id="5926416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926416" title="Milan Williams">
Milan Williams

Milan B. Williams (March 28, 1948 – July 9, 2006) was an American keyboardist and a founding member of the Commodores band.
Williams was born in Okolona, Mississippi and began playing the piano after being inspired by his older brother Earl, who was a multi-instrumentalist. Williams's first band was called The Jays, after they disbanded he met the other founding members of the Commodores in 1967. They were freshmen at Tuskegee Institute, Alabama and Williams was recruited into the newly formed band. In 1969 he traveled with the band to New York City, where they recorded a single called "Keep On Dancing" on Atlantic Records.
Williams also wrote the Commodores first hit record the instrumental track, "Machine Gun". Other Commodores songs penned by him are;
"The Bump", "Rapid Fire", "I'm Ready", "Better Never Than Forever", "Mary Mary", "Quick Draw", "Patch It Up", "X-Rated Movie", "Wonderland", "Old-Fashion Love", "Only You" (a track Williams also produced, taken from the Commodores first LP without Lionel Richie, "Commodores 13"), "You Don't Know That I Know", "Let's Get Started" and "Brick House".
He left the Commodores in 1989, allegedly after refusing to perform with them in South Africa.
Milan Williams died of cancer in Midland, Texas on July 9, 2006 at age 58.

</doc>
<doc id="5926426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926426" title="Newton Game Dynamics">
Newton Game Dynamics

Newton Game Dynamics is an open source physics engine for realistically simulating rigid bodies in games and other real-time applications. Its solver is deterministic and not based on traditional LCP or iterative methods.
The Newton Game Dynamics SDK License allows developers to freely incorporate the engine into personal projects or commercial products so long as credit is given and the engine is distributed solely as part of a compiled software program that is itself not a physics engine. Newton Game Dynamics is actively developed by Julio Jerez. Currently a new version which will take advantage of multi-core CPUs and GPUs is being developed.
Games that used Newton.
This is a select list of games using Newton Game Dynamics.
Engines which incorporated Newton.
This is a list of game engines using Newton Game Dynamics.

</doc>
<doc id="5926437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926437" title="23rd Genie Awards">
23rd Genie Awards

The 23rd Genie Awards were held in 2003 to honour films released in 2002. The ceremony was hosted by Arsinée Khanjian and Peter Keleghan.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5926459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926459" title="Rugby union in Romania">
Rugby union in Romania

Rugby union is a moderately popular team sport played in Romania with a tradition of more than 90 years. The Romanian men's national team was 18th in the IRB World Rankings in March 2012.
Governing body.
Rugby union in Romania is administered by the Romanian Rugby Federation (Federaţia Română de Rugby), which was founded in 1914. It joined the IRB in 1987 when Romania was invited to take part in the inaugural 1987 Rugby World Cup.
The current president is Pompilie Borş.
History.
Early history.
Romania is a country which has historically had close ties with France, even down to the design of its national flag, and it was from there that the game was introduced to Romania at the turn of the 20th century by students returning with rugby balls from their studies in Paris. Romanian rugby took root in Bucharest, established by students who had been to French universities, and by the capital's burgeoning middle class. Stadiul Roman and seventeen other teams would be formed in Bucharest from 1913 onwards. The Romanian Rugby Championship was first contested in 1914. Romania played France for the first time in 1924.
The nation's first international was played against the USA in 1919 six years after the game was first introduced. In 1931 a governing body was formed, the Federaţia Română de Rugby.
The first team outside Bucharest was formed at an aircraft factory in Braşov in 1939.
Communist period.
For the first half of the 20th century, Romanian rugby was fairly isolated, having most of its contact with France, and to an extent, the Iron Curtain in the second half did not help either. However, this "isolation" was broken when Rowe Harding took the Welsh team Swansea touring there, to play national champions, Locomotiva. On his return to the UK, Harding spoke highly of the Romanian game, speaking of its consistently high standard and of the passion of both the fans and the players, which he thought unparallelled in Europe outside the Five Nations. The tour and Harding's praise effectively opened up Romanian rugby to the rest of western Europe, sparking a number of tours travelling to and from the country. In 1955, a Romanian side toured England and Wales, playing Swansea, Cardiff, Bristol and the Harlequins, winning one, drawing two, and losing one. Later in 1955, the Romanians defeated Llanelli in Moscow, and then beat both Cardiff and Harlequins in Bucharest. Only France, who played Romania before almost 100,000 fans in Bucharest, could beat the Romanians, and that was only after an epic 16-15 battle.
A generation of French school-trained coaches from the late 1940s and 1950s laid the foundations for national success in the 1960s, 70s and 80s.In 1974 Romania won against France 15 – 10 in Bucharest, and the FIRA – Association of European Rugby championship. In 1975 Romania went for an 8 games tour to New Zealand, tour concluded in Wellington with a 10-10 draw against Junior All Blacks. Home nation sides began to award international caps for matches against Romania from 1981. Romania won rugby internationals over Scotland in 1984 and 1991, and also over Wales in 1983 and 1988 (the latter in Cardiff). Between 1960 and 1990, Romania beat France eight times, the most famous being in 1990 when the legendary French based no. 8 Hari Dumitras led Romania to a 12-6 victory in Auch, France. Canadian second row Norm Hadley believed the 1991 Rugby World Cup game against Romania was more physically sapping than playing either France or New Zealand.
The Communist regime used rugby union like it used other sports, as a propaganda tool during the cold war with the West. Every international success was presented as a direct result of the righteousness of Communist rule and ideology. All the financial resources were directed toward the preparation of the national team to the detriment of domestic development. Top players were employed in the army or the police, whose sides Steaua and Dynamo sides who practised six days a week in superb sporting centres. This infrastructure bred a talented national side.
Romanian rugby's reputation has been seriously damaged by its association with Communist dictator, Nicolae Ceauşescu and his regime, and this is perhaps one of the reason that the game has not performed so well in the post-Communist era (despite being associated with the "bourgeoisie" early on). In addition, many of the Communist-era players were "Shamateurs" - for example, during the 1991 Rugby World Cup nearly half of the players had their profession listed as "locksmith". Romanian rugby became associated with the totalitarian police and military and many players were killed in the civil disruption that followed the collapse of the system.
Rugby union like many other sports, was long to be connected in the public mind with the less savoury aspects of Communism:
The former All Black scrum half Chris Laidlaw, writing at the end of the 1970s, saw rugby as a positive force in East-West relations at the time:
Chris Laidlaw writing of the open secret of shamateurism in Soviet sport said:
Post-Communism.
After the fall of Communism in 1989, Romanian rugby union suffered a dramatic financial shortfall. In 1995 the first ever Heineken Cup match took place in Romania with Toulouse taking on Farul Constanţa.
Romania first got regular international competition when they joined the newly formed European Nations Cup in 2000. As an indication of the decline in standard of the sport in Romania, the national team was defeated 134-0 by England in 2001 and Dinamo Bucharest lost 151-0 to Saracens in the European Rugby Shield.
Bucureşti Rugby was formed to represent Romania in European club competitions in 2004. In recent years they have achieved respectable results, including a win in 2010 against an Italian super 10 side.
National team.
The Romania national rugby union team, nicknamed The Oaks, has long been one of the stronger European teams outside the Six Nations tournament. It takes part in international competitions, notably the Rugby World Cup, the European Nations Cup and the Super Powers Cup.
Romania has played at every World Cup so far and won one game at each World Cup, except for 1995 when it lost all its games.
Romania plays in the European Nations Cup, a second-level competition for second and third-tier European nations. Romania has won the competition on three occasions 2000, 2001–2002 and 2005-2006.
The Antim Cup is contested between Georgia and Romania. The cup is contested each time Georgia and Romania meet in a senior international match other than World Cup matches or qualifiers. The holder retains the cup unless the challenger wins the match in normal time.
Romania replaced Russia in the Super Cup in 2005. Other participants include Canada, Japan and the United States.
Domestic competitions.
The Romanian Rugby Championship, which has been contested since 1914, is the main domestic competition.
European club tournaments.
In 1995 the first ever Heineken Cup match took place in Romania with Toulouse taking on Farul Constanţa. Since the inaugural season, Romanian teams have not taken part in the Heineken Cup.
A Romanian team has taken part in the European Challenge Cup in 1996−97, 1997−98, 1998−99, 1999−2000, 2001−02, 2002−03, and each season since 2005−06. No Romanian teams took part in 2000−01, 2003−04 and 2004−05.
Bucureşti Rugby is a team that is formed to play in European competition, consisting of rugby union players playing in the domestic Romanian leagues. They played in the European Shield in 2004−05, and have played in each Challenge Cup since the 2005−06 edition.
Popularity.
In the 1980s the country had more than 12,000 players in 110 clubs.
After the fall of Communism, Romanian rugby union suffered a drastic financial shortfall. Its popularity - which has never been comparable with that of football or handball - has not diminished, however.
According to the International Rugby Board Romania has 52 rugby union clubs; 142 referees; 1,200 pre-teen male players; 4,100 teen male players; 1,375 senior male players (total male players 6,675) as well as 150 pre-teen female players; 200 teen female players; 125 senior female players (total female players 475).

</doc>
<doc id="5926484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926484" title="Farmers' Museum">
Farmers' Museum

The Farmers' Museum is located in Cooperstown, New York, and is probably the second-best-known attraction in the town, after the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum.
It overlooks Otsego Lake and recreates rural life from the 19th century through exhibits and interactive workshops. There are more than two dozen authentic, historic buildings on the grounds, including a tavern, a farmstead, a printing office, a pharmacy, a blacksmith's shop, a doctor's office and a general store. There are also exhibits of nineteenth-century games, a children's barnyard and the Cardiff Giant.
The Farmers' Museum is home to the Empire State Carousel, a hand-crafted merry-go-round which celebrates New York State's history, culture and environment through a full-sized handcrafted merry-go-round built on a vintage 1947 36-foot Alan Herschell carousel mechanism. The carousel is the result of efforts made by carver Gerry Holzman of Islip, NY and over 1,000 volunteers from across New York State. The entire production took over two decades. Its artwork incorporates 25-hand carved animals that represent the agricultural and natural resources of New York State.
History.
The site of The Farmers' Museum has been part of a working farm since 1813, when it was owned by James Fenimore Cooper, author of The Last of the Mohicans. Judge Samuel Nelson, whose office is part of The Farmers' Museum Village, bought the farm in 1829 and raised sheep there. Fenimore Farm, as it came to be known, changed hands again in the 1870s, when it was acquired by the Clark family.
In 1918, Edward Severin Clark built a modern, fully equipped complex at Fenimore Farm for his prize herd of cattle. The barn, creamery, and herdsman's cottage are still standing today and are part of the museum complex. Designed by architect Frank Whiting in the Colonial Revival style, these buildings were constructed of local stone. Today, they house museum offices, exhibition spaces, and public areas. The structures are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Farmers' Museum opened its doors to the public in 1944. At that time, the museum had 5,000 tools and objects, including important collections amassed by the Otsego County Historical Society; William B. Sprague, founder of the Early American Industries Association; and the Wyckoff family, one of Brooklyn's oldest farming families. Today the museum's collections number more than 23,000 artifacts.
The Farmers' Museum is a private, non-governmental educational organization. It is closely affiliated with its sister organization, Fenimore Art Museum, the museum showcase of the New York State Historical Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5926488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926488" title="Midas (automotive service)">
Midas (automotive service)

Midas, Inc. is a chain of automotive service centers headquartered in Itasca, Illinois. In the main markets of the United States and Canada, Midas stores are company-owned or franchised. In the 17 other countries it operates in, the service centers are either licensed or franchised.
In 1956, The Muffler Installation Dealers' Associated Service (M-I-D-A-S) was established by Nate H. Sherman and the first Midas Muffler opened that year in Macon, Georgia. The chain was originally known as Midas Muffler as they specialized in the replacement of mufflers. In recent years, they have marketed themselves as "Auto Service Experts", as they are capable of performing most routine and common automobile service, including brakes, fluid changes, and suspensions. The name Midas originates from the king Midas and his golden touch, hence the slogan "Trust the Midas touch".
Midas was acquired by TBC Corporation in 2012.
2005 revenues were $192.5 million USD, down from $197.5 million in 2004.
Midas Man.
Midas has been represented in television commercials by a fictional character and spokesman called the "Midas Man." The character has been portrayed by the late actor, Ralph Peduto. 

</doc>
<doc id="5926501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926501" title="Don't Lose Touch">
Don't Lose Touch

"Don't Lose Touch" is a song by the Gainesville, Florida-based punk rock band Against Me!, released as the first single from their 2005 album "Searching for a Former Clarity". Like the second single "From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer)", it was released exclusively on twelve-inch vinyl with a remixed version of the song as the A-side and the album version as the B-side. The A-side version was remixed by German electronic music duo Mouse on Mars. The single was limited to 3,050 copies.
The music video for "Don't Lose Touch" was directed by Philip Andelman. It depicts the band performing the song in a rehearsal and storage space.

</doc>
<doc id="5926507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926507" title="Emerald City (play)">
Emerald City (play)

Emerald City is a 1987 play by Australian playwright David Williamson, a satire about two entertainment industries: film and publishing.
Story.
The plays centres on the Rogers family, loosely modelled on Williamson's own. They have recently moved from Melbourne to Sydney. Colin is Australia's most successful screenwriter (like Williamson), but currently down on his luck. He doesn't want to make what he perceives as a "movie of the week" about Tony Sanzari and an amusement park hijacking that is offered to him by his agent, Elaine Ross, but a story about the coastwatchers of World War II, because his uncle was one, and it was Australia's great contribution to the war. His wife, Kate, is a book editor and wants to publish a novel by Aboriginal writer Kath Mitchell titled "Black Rage", but her publisher, Ian Wall, says "Blacks don't sell books." They have three children, Penny, who has been frequenting a disco called" Downmarket", Hannah, whose teachers say she is depressed, and Sam, whom Colin fears Kate is encouraging to be gay.
Colin teams with a womanising hack writer named Mike McCord to work on "Coastwatchers", who hates the idea, but wants his name on the film as co-writer because it's an instant status boost in the industry, even though he is primarily just typing dictation. When he hears of Kate's problem, he prank calls Ian Wall, accuses him of racism, and threatens that a group of militants will mob the publishing house if he doesn't publish "Black Rage".
"Coastwatchers" proves a ratings disaster, so Mike latches onto Colin for another project, a rip-off of "Miami Vice" set in Australia and loaded with Australianisms. Malcolm Bennett, who usually finances Colin's productions, advises him to get back with Elaine because his project is "shit". "So is "Miami Vice"," Colin responds. "That's classy shit;" Malcolm tells him, "this is "absolute" shit." The difference is that the writers of "Miami Vice" are writing at the best of their abilities, while the fact that Colin is writing below his level is painfully obvious. During this time, Colin becomes attracted to Mike's girlfriend, Helen Davey, but ultimately draws the line in the friendship and avoids cheating on his wife.
Ultimately, Kath Mitchell is nominated for the Booker Prize, and Kate accompanies her and Ian Wall to the awards ceremony, though she does not win. Although Kate tells Colin that Ian looks like a "garden gnome" she admits to the audience (the play contains a great deal of direct to audience monologues) that she was unfaithful. A disillusioned Colin returns to Elaine Ross and accepts the project she offered him. Elaine calls Sydney "The Emerald city of Oz. Everyone comes here along their yellow brick roads looking for the answers to their problems and all they find are the demons within themselves."
The play takes many swipes at contemporary occurrences in the entertainment industry, such as Steven Spielberg's purchase of Australian writer Thomas Keneally's novel "Schindler's Ark", which one character jokes will be made into a film in which the Jews are rescued by space aliens. At one point, Mike sums up the "great Australian novel", Henry Handel Richardson's "The Fortunes of Richard Mahony", as "Doctor's marriage goes bad, he goes to the goldfields, gets gangrene and dies", to which Kate says "I don't think your synopsis quite does the book justice". To that, he simply dismisses it as a "downer".
Major performances.
The play was first performed in Australia in 1987 by the Sydney Theatre Company
It was premiered in the United States off-Broadway by the New York Theatre Workshop at the Perry Street Theatre in Greenwich Village in 1988.
The cast was as follows:
The other characters do not appear on-stage.
Film.
In 1988, Michael Jenkins directed a film version of the play. Much of the play's dialogue is retained, though discussion of off-stage characters is usually replaced with their appearance and a more conventionally cinematic level and speed of dialogue. Also, the younger daughter Hannah was omitted.
The principal cast includes:
The Australian Film Institute nominated it for five awards: Best Actor (John Hargreaves), Best Achievement in Cinematography (Paul Murphy), Best Adapted Screenplay (David Williamson), Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Nicole Kidman), and Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Chris Haywood), for which it won.
The film has never been released on home video in the United States, though it has been shown on the cable channel Romance Classics. A region-free PAL DVD was released in the United Kingdom by an anonymous company in Herts (VFC31962 NL041; UPC: 5 017633 41002 >) sometimes given online as "Hollywood Classics". This edition was pressed with a ten-second jump in the master early in the film. Although this jump is noted in the counter, it happens in exactly the same place on all copies.
Possible inspirations.
Williamson and Denis Whitburn worked on a World War II miniseries with director Chris Thomson titled "The Last Bastion", which ran on Network Ten. The running time was 360 minutes. (Academy Home Entertainment released a version that ran only 160 minutes to U.S. home video). The miniseries was much ballyhooed but was not well rated. Also, Williamson assisted his brother-in-law, Chris Löfvén, on "Oz", an Australian rock musical film that retold "The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)" on the streets of Melbourne. The fictional Land of Oz rarely comes up in Australian conversation; the term is used almost exclusively as the nickname for one's own country.

</doc>
<doc id="5926510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926510" title="Powerscourt Golf Club">
Powerscourt Golf Club

Powerscourt Golf Club, located at the Powerscourt Estate in County Wicklow, Ireland, is home to two par 72, 18-hole courses: the East, which was created first, and the West. Both contain fast greens and hilly fairways, and they are each over 6,900 yards long. In 1998, the East Course was host to the Irish PGA Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5926518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926518" title="Carbon Copy Media">
Carbon Copy Media

Carbon Copy Media was an Ohio-based independent record label, clothing company, and video production company founded by singer JT Woodruff of the rock band Hawthorne Heights. The label consisted of local bands in the Dayton, Ohio area. Victory Records has since signed former Carbon Copy Media bands, effectively taking over the label.
Current Artists.
Carbon Copy is not currently signing artists.
Former Artists.
The following is a list of the former Artists on Carbon Copy Media

</doc>
<doc id="5926544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926544" title="Huish Colliery Quarry">
Huish Colliery Quarry

Huish Colliery Quarry () is a 0.8 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Radstock, Bath and North East Somerset, notified in 1985.
This site includes rocks from the Lower Jurassic period many of which were removed by erosion leading to discontinuations in the Lias. The whole of the Sinemurian Stage and virtually all of the Hettangian Stage is absent. Also notable is the fact that the Jamesoni Zone limestones which occur here are much thicker and better developed than at any other comparable sites in the Mendip Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="5926546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926546" title="Mexican poppy">
Mexican poppy

Mexican poppy is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926579" title="Reichskriegsflagge">
Reichskriegsflagge

Reichskriegsflagge (Imperial War Flag) was the official name of the war flag used by the German armed forces from 1867 to 1945. A total of seven different designs were used during this period.
Imperial Germany.
The German war flag was in common use in World War I. It had Prussia's national colours of black and white, the eagle of Prussia, the Nordic cross, with the German imperial black-white red tricolour in the upper canton with an Iron Cross. In 1919, the flags of Imperial Germany were scrapped and replaced by those of the Weimar Republic: black-red-gold tricolour.
German nationalists, such as the Freikorps (see Marinebrigade Ehrhardt) and later the Nazis, used the old flag in protest against the Weimar Republic during the 1920s and 1930s. This included the 1920 attempt to overthrow the Weimar government, known as the Kapp Putsch.
Use during the Third Reich, 1933-45.
Designed personally by Adolf Hitler, this flag served the Heer and the Luftwaffe as their War Flag, and the Kriegsmarine as its War Ensign (the National Flag serving as Jack). This flag was hoisted daily in barracks operated by units of the Wehrmacht, and it had to be flown from a pole positioned near the barracks entrance, or failing this, near the guard room or staff building. New recruits in the latter part of World War II were sworn in on this flag (one recruit holding the flag and taking the oath on behalf of the entire recruit class with the recruits looking on as witnesses - before, this was done on the regimental colors).
The flag had to be formally hoisted every morning and lowered every evening. These hoisting and lowering ceremonies took the form of either an ordinary or a ceremonial flag parade. At the ordinary raising, the party consisted of the Orderly Officer of the Day, the guard, and one musician. At the ceremonial raising, one officer, one platoon of soldiers with rifles, the guard, the regimental band, and the corps of drums were all present.
The proportions of the flag are 3:5. Fusing elements of the Nazi German Flag (swastika and red background) with that of the old Imperial Reich War Flag (four arms emanating from off-center circle and Iron Cross in the canton), these flags were uniformly produced as a printed design on bunting.
Raised for the first time at the Bendlerstraße Building (Wehrmacht Headquarters) in Berlin on November 7, 1935, It was taken down for the last time by British occupation forces after the arrest of the Dönitz Government at Flensburg's Mürwik Naval School, Germany, on May 23, 1945.
In his book, "Inside the Third Reich", Albert Speer states that "in only two other designs did he (Adolf Hitler) execute the same care as he did his Obersalzberg house: that of the Reich War Flag and his own standard of Chief of State."
Use after 1945.
Outside of educational, artistic or scientific contexts, selling and showing symbols of Nazi Germany, including the Reichskriegsflagge, is illegal in Germany according to "Strafgesetzbuch" section 86a. This covers the version used after 1935 with the swastika.
The original flag used between 1871 and 1919 can be shown depending on circumstances in different states of Germany. Because members of the far right have used the imperial war flag as a symbol, its use is considered to be a "breach of the public order" in seven states, and flags will be confiscated. In the other nine states, any provocative misuse of the flag can be prosecuted as an "Ordnungswidrigkeit" (summary offence).

</doc>
<doc id="5926581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926581" title="Ringle">
Ringle

In music, a ringle is the idea by Sony BMG Music Entertainment that combines ringtones with singles creating a "ringle". Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group are the first to release ringles. They are released in stores as a CD with a slip-sleeve cover including a hit song, bonus tracks from the same artist and a code to allow buyers to go online and download a "free" ringtone of the main song. They are sold between $5.98 and $6.98 USD. Sony BMG Music Entertainment released around 50 titles during October and November of 2007, and Universal Music Group released 10 to 20 titles. The Recording Industry Association of America has approved the "ringle" name, and there is an industry wide logo to help brand it.

</doc>
<doc id="5926598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926598" title="Collège Sévigné">
Collège Sévigné

The Collège Sévigné is a French non-denominational private school.
It is ranked 2nd in the city and 19th in the country by a French weekly magazine.
The school was founded in 1880 by Mathilde Salomon, becoming the first French non-denominational high school for young women, two months before the vote of the "Camille Sée" law establishing public secondary education for young women, and three years before the opening of the Lycée Fenelon. The founders, grouped in an association called "Société pour la propagation de l'instruction parmi les femmes", included Paul Bert (1833–1886), former Minister for Education, and a militant for Public Education. The school became co-educational in 1969.
Collège Sévigné was also the first school in France to open a kindergarten, in 1909.
Famous contributors to the education program at the school have been Alain, Gurevitch, Jankelevitch, Dumezil, Braudel, Mounier, Carcopino, Merleau-Ponty, Jacqueline de Romilly.
The 1935 Nobel Prize for Chemistry winner, Irène Joliot-Curie, daughter of Marie Curie, is one of the alumnae of the school, where she studied from 1912 to 1914 to obtain her Baccalaureat.
The school is only one of three non-denominational private schools in Paris.
The school is located on 28 Rue Pierre-Nicole in the 5th arrondissement.
Collège Sévigné offers classes from kindergarten to the Baccalaureat.

</doc>
<doc id="5926601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926601" title="Quebec Route 125">
Quebec Route 125

Route 125 is a Quebec highway running from Montreal (on Pie-IX Boulevard near the Olympic Stadium) to Saint-Donat, Lanaudière, Quebec in the Lanaudière. The southern section of Route 125 runs parallel to Autoroute 25 in Laval, Mascouche, and Terrebonne. At Saint-Esprit, the Autoroute ends, and 125 continues northwards until the entrance to the Mont Tremblant Provincial Park north of Saint-Donat.

</doc>
<doc id="5926606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926606" title="Cenotaph (band)">
Cenotaph (band)

Cenotaph is a death metal band from Ankara, Turkey. They formed in 1994 and released their first demo, "Life Immortal" in 1995; since then, they have released four full-length albums.
Biography.
Cenotaph was formed in the summer of 1994 by singer Batu Çetin. After various changes in the band's line up, they released their first independent demo, "Life Immortal", in 1995, with Batu Çetin (vocals), Coşkun Kaplan (guitar), Bülent İzgeç (bass), and Bülent Güngör (drums). The demo led to the band's playing shows and festivals in Ankara, Turkey.
In 1996, drummer Bülent Güngör was replaced by Goremaster, completing a line-up that didn't change until 1999. With the new line-up, Cenotaph recorded their second demo-promo "Promo '96" in 1996. In the summer of 1996, Cenotaph entered Yeşilkart Studios in İstanbul, to record their eight-song debut album "Voluptuously Minced", and signed with local label Hammer Müzik. "Voluptuously Minced" was distributed in CD format by various labels in approximately 25 countries, and reached a wide range of listeners in Turkey in tape/CD format.
In 1998, the band recorded their second album, "Puked Genital Purulency", at Stüdyo Forte in İstanbul. "Puked Genital Purulency" was released by Hammer Müzik in MC and CD format in 1999. After the album was released, bassist Bülent and guitarist Coşkun left the band due to personal reasons; Batu Çetin recruited Başar Çetin and Cihan Akün for Cenotaph.
With this new line-up Cenotaph performed at Ankara's Rockstation Festival in 2002. After the fest, the band began to work on new songs for the upcoming album and between January and March 2003, Cenotaph completed the recordings of their third album, "Pseudo Verminal Cadaverium", at Zoo Sound Studios in Ankara. Mastering was done at the Mega Wimp Sound Studios in Germany. The album was released worldwide in the summer of 2003 by the American label United Guttural Records; release and distribution in Turkey was done by Batu Çetin's own label Drain Productions. For the promotion of the release, Cenotaph performed at Germany's extreme metal fest Fuck the Commerce in May 2005 and Ukraine's Metal Heads Mission festival in August 2007.
Ex-guitarist Coşkun, who had left the band back in 1999, rejoined the band in 2005 as the bass player. Subsequently, Dursun quit the band in 2005, and the band decided to continue with Semih—previously their session drummer for the shows abroad—as the new and full-time drummer. In 2006, the first two albums were gathered on one CD and re-released under the title of "Voluptuously Puked Genitals" by Burning Dogma Records from Texas. On May 27, 2006, the band performed at the fourth Maryland Deathfest in Baltimore, and in September 2007 released their fourth studio album, "Reincarnation in Gorextasy".

</doc>
<doc id="5926610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926610" title="Ringling">
Ringling

Ringling can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926613" title="Vicente Saadi">
Vicente Saadi

Vicente Leonidas Saadi (1913 – 10 July 1988) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He was a senator and governor for Catamarca Province, and became the patriarch of a family that has dominated Catamarca politics since the 1940s.
Born in Belén, his family were prosperous Syrian-Lebanese immigrants who became prominent in local commerce. He allied himself with the centrist Radical Civic Union (UCR) early on, though after the rise of populist leader Juan Perón in 1945, he switched allegiances for the latter.
Saadi was elected Senator in 1946, serving until 1949 when he was elected on the Peronist ticket as Governor of Catamarca. The party's leader, President Perón, ordered Saadi removed from his post after four months, however, amid allegations of "nepotism and despotism" in his administration of the remote province. Saadi was subsequently expelled from the party, and served time in prison.
He was married to Alicia Cubas de Saadi, and a number of their children went on to become leading Catamarca Province figures, as well. Ramón Saadi was elected governor of Catamarca in 1987, Alicia Saadi was elected to the Senate in 1999, and Vicente Saadi (jr) and his daughter-in-law.
He was ultimately re-elected to the Senate in 1973 on behalf of the Peronist-led Frejuli alliance, serving until the dissolution of the Argentine Senate in the March 1976 coup. In the 1970s Saadi had been a leading supporter of the far-left Montoneros, and set up the "Intransigencia y Movilización" faction; he was a patron of future Defense Minister Nilda Garré.
Re-elected in 1983 at the return of democracy, Saadi led the Justicialists in the Senate, where the party obtained a majority of 21 seats to 18 for the UCR. Saadi abandoned his earlier support for left-wing Peronists, and endorsed Herminio Iglesias as candidate in the race for Governor of Buenos Aires (the nation's largest province). Iglesias, a right-wing Peronist, lost the race, and despite the miscalculation, Saadi was elected Vice-President of the party. In that capacity, he worked closely with the leader of the UCR, President-elect Raul Alfonsín, during the transition to democracy.
Saadi later took part in a famous television debate with Dante Caputo on November 14, 1984, arguing against the Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina. In 1987 he swapped jobs with his son, Ramón, becoming governor once again whilst his son became a Senator. He remained powerful in the party, and that year, decided that the Justicialist Party would not pay the $8 million ransom demanded for the return of the hands of Juan Perón, which had been stolen in June or July of that year. Vicente died in office.
Saadi was a leading figure in the politics of his province and the left-wing of his party, serving as vice-President of the Peronists and considered a "caudillo" for his manner of control. He was one of the first prominent Syrian-Argentines and his name is recorded in streets, squares and other institutions around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5926644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926644" title="Belhar Confession">
Belhar Confession

The Belhar Confession is a Christian statement of belief originally written in Afrikaans in 1982. It was adopted (after a slight adjustment) as a confession of faith by the Dutch Reformed Mission Church (DRMC) in South Africa in 1986.
Themes in the Belhar Confession.
According to the Belhar Confession, unity is both a gift and an obligation for the church. This unity originally referred to non-segregation between Christians of different races, but after the formation of the URCSA in 1994, the word "unity" came to refer to administrative unity within the managerial structures of the URCSA.
Another key theme of the Belhar Confession is the dichotomy of reconciliation and the justice of God. According to the confession, God is the God of the destitute, the poor, and the wronged, and for this reason the church should stand by people in any form of suffering.
It claims that individual, racial and social segregation is sin, and that all forms of segregation always lead to enmity and hatred.
Adoption by the Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa.
The URCSA (United Reformed Church in Southern Africa) has made it a prerequisite for the previously whites-only DRCSA (Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa) to join the united denomination that all of its members adopt the Belhar Confession. Although the DRCSA is eager to join the new denomination, it has decided not to compel existing members to submit to the confession. The DRCSA had offered to compel only new members of the DRCSA to submit to the confession, and to request existing members to submit to it voluntarily, but this offer was rejected by the URCSA. The URCSA's position was that all members of the DRCSA should be required to swear that the Belhar Confession is true, or face expulsion from the denomination.
The DRCSA's opinion of the Belhar Confession had varied over the years. Initially, the DRCSA rejected the confession as being a political document or as a statement of Liberation Theology. Some time later the DRCSA acknowledged that the document's contents were true, with the proviso that references in the Belhar Confession to "the poor" not be regarded as an implicit reference to non-whites. At the 2011 meeting of the General Assembly of the DRCSA, it was decided that processes to make the Belhar Confession part of the confessional base of the DRCSA should be initiated by its leadership.
Adoption by non-South African churches.
The Evangelical Reformed Church in Africa in Namibia (ERCA) adopted the Belhar Confession in 1997 and in so doing became the first non-South African Church which adopted the Belhar Confession. 
Apart from the URCSA, the Belhar Confession was also adopted by the United Protestant Church in Belgium in 1998.
The Reformed Church in America (RCA) adopted the Belhar Confession as a fourth Standard of Unity (or confession; alongside the Belgic Confession, the Heidelberg Catechism, and the Canons of Dort) at its 2010 meeting of the General Synod, having adopted it provisionally in 2007.
The 2009 Synod of the Christian Reformed Church of North America (CRCNA) proposed to the 2012 Synod that the Belhar Confession be adopted as their fourth confession of faith. Instead, the CRCNA created a new, less-binding category for the Belhar, and adopted it as an "Ecumenical Faith Declaration"
The confession was also instrumental in the RCA's efforts to found the Reformed Church in the Dominican Republic.
The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) considered adopting the Belhar Confession. In 2008 a Committee from the 218th General Assembly requested that a committee begin the formal process of including the Belhar in its Book of Confessions. That committee recommended adoption of the Belhar Confession to the 219th General Assembly in 2010. The General Assembly approved the recommendation and referred adoption to a vote of the Presbyteries. The Belhar Confession fell 8 votes short of the 116 necessary for adoption. In 2012, the 220th General Assembly began this process anew, and in 2014, the 221st General Assembly approved the new committee's recommendation to refer adoption to a new vote by the Presbyteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5926647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926647" title="Robert-Ralph Carmichael">
Robert-Ralph Carmichael

Robert-Ralph Carmichael is a Canadian artist who designed the loonie side of the Canadian one dollar coin.[http://www.ccca.ca/cv/english/carmichael-cv.html]
Robert-Ralph lives near the northern town of Echo Bay, Ontario in the scenic Sylvan Valley. The town has recently erected a large loonie statue in honour of Mr. Carmichael along the highway. The Statue has been called "the big loonie" in reference to the neighbouring town Sudbury's "Big Nickel" monument.
His work can be seen and purchased at Roses Art Gallery in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5926648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926648" title="Honey Tongue (US band)">
Honey Tongue (US band)

Honey Tongue is a Seattle-area, alternative rock band formed in 1999. While both signed to an independent label and touring nationally, Honey Tongue is still largely unknown to audiences outside of the Pacific Northwest. Their most commonly recognized song is the Columbine massacre-inspired single, "Senator", from their 2004 EP entitled "I Wanna Go."
Lead singer, Jen Ayers, is also a member of the all-female Aerosmith tribute band, "Dream On".
The band had two songs featured in Rob Lundsgaard’s psychological thriller “The Stranger”
As of February 2011, no tour dates are listed on the band's website [http://www.honeytongue.com].

</doc>
<doc id="5926654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926654" title="Corinne Alsop Cole">
Corinne Alsop Cole

Corinne Douglas Robinson (born July 2, 1886 in Orange, New Jersey – June 23, 1971 in Avon, Connecticut) was an American politician. She was also the maternal niece of President Theodore Roosevelt.
Corinne was the second of four children and the only daughter of Douglas Robinson, Jr. and Corinne Roosevelt. She enjoyed a childhood of privilege and grew up on her parents' New Jersey estate. Travel and horseback rides were part of Corinne's childhood. Her father was a great-grandnephew of President James Monroe.
Like her cousin Eleanor, she attended Allenswood Academy in England under the tutelage of Mlle. Marie Souvestre and though she enjoyed Souvestre and the school itself, she found Souvestre abrasive and threatening. Upon her return to the states, she participated in the wedding of Franklin and Eleanor, being a bridesmaid to Eleanor. Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Robinson gave a debut party for their only daughter in 1904, which according to "The New York Times", "was not a large affair."
In 1909, Corinne Douglas Robinson was married to Joseph Wright Alsop IV and they had four children:
She was elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1924, serving two terms, from 1924–1927 and from 1931–1933 and was a leader in the Republican Party of the state. Corinne frequently spoke to large crowds and was highly effective and influential due to her stature, position and intelligence. On June 10, 1936, Alsop addressed the 1936 Republican National Convention.
During Franklin D. Roosevelt's tenure in the White House, Corinne was a frequent guest. Though as a Republican she disagreed politically with her cousin, she and Eleanor Roosevelt remained close throughout their lives. Mrs. Alsop's trips to Washington, D.C. caused other family tensions. When in D.C., Alsop was often asked by both Eleanor and Alice, a leader in Washington society, to stay at her home. Mrs. Alsop's decision was usually made based on who had asked her first. 
Joseph Wright Alsop IV died in March 1953 and she married a second time to insurance magnate, Francis W. Cole in 1956. This marriage was to last ten years with Francis dying in 1966 and Corinne herself in 1971 at 84.

</doc>
<doc id="5926656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926656" title="Captain Moonlite">
Captain Moonlite

Andrew George Scott (baptised 5 July 1842 – 20 January 1880), also known as Captain Moonlite, was an Australian bushranger.
Early peregrinations.
Scott was born in Rathfriland, Ireland, son of an Anglican clergyman of Scottish descent. His father's intention was that he join the priesthood, but Scott instead trained to be an engineer, completing his studies in London.
The family moved to New Zealand in 1861, with Scott intending to try his luck in the Otago goldfields. However, the Maori Wars intervened and Scott signed up as an officer and fought at the battle of Orakau where he was wounded in both legs.
After a long convalescence Scott was accused of malingering and courtmartialed. He gave his disquiet at the slaughter of women and children during the siege as the source of his objection to returning to service.
In Melbourne he met Bishop Charles Perry and, in 1868, he was appointed lay reader at Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, with the intention of entering the Anglican priesthood on the completion of his service. He was then sent to the gold mining town of Mount Egerton.
Celebrity criminal.
On 8 May 1869, Scott was accused of disguising himself and forcing bank agent Ludwig Julius Wilhelm Bruun, a young man whom he had befriended, to open the safe. Bruun described being robbed by a fantastic black-crepe masked figure who forced him to sign a note absolving him of any role in the crime. The note read "I hereby certify that L.W. Bruun has done everything within his power to withstand this intrusion and the taking of money which was done with firearms, Captain Moonlite, Sworn."
Bruun claimed the man sounded like Scott but no gold was found in Scott's possession. Scott in turn accused Bruun and local school teacher James Simpson of the crime, who then became the principal suspects in the minds of police and Scott left for Sydney soon afterwards.
Scott resigned his lay-readership, bought two horses, kept a groom and played as a gentleman. Between July and December 1869 he was absent and was supposed to have made a voyage to Fiji, but on 28 December he was in Sydney selling at the mint 120 ounces of retorted gold, resembling in fineness and other qualities the metal taken from the bank at Egerton, although no thought of connecting one lot with the other was then entertained. The proceeds of this sale, about £550, he deposited in the Union Bank, Sydney, on 31 December, and this deposit he subsequently supplemented with another of £200, drawing thereupon by cheques in his own name up to November 1870 when his account was finally closed. After this he went to the Maitland district, near Newcastle and was there convicted on two charges of obtaining money by false pretences for which he was sentenced to twelve and eighteen months' imprisonment. Of these concurrent terms, Scott served fifteen months, at the expiration of which time he returned to Sydney where, in March 1872, he was arrested on the charge of robbing the Egerton Bank and forwarded to Ballarat for examination and trial.
He succeeded in escaping gaol by cutting a hole through the wall of his cell, he gained an entrance into the cell adjoining, which was occupied by another prisoner, who was as desirous of escaping as himself. Together they seized the warder when he came his rounds, gagged him, and tied him up, and making use of his keys proceeded to other cells, and liberated four other prisoners, and the six men succeeded in escaping over the wall, by means of blankets cut into strips, which they used as a rope. Scott was subsequently re-captured, and held safely until he could be tried. In July he was tried before judge Sir Redmond Barry at the Ballarat Circuit Court, when, by a series of cross-examinations of unprecedented length, conducted by himself after rejecting his counsel, he spread the case over no less than eight days, but was at last convicted, and sentenced to 10 years' hard labour. Despite some evidence against him, Scott claimed innocence in this matter until his dying day.
Scott only served two-thirds of his sentence of 10 years, was released from HM Prison Pentridge in March 1879 and after his release he made a few pounds by lecturing on the enormities of Pentridge Gaol. On regaining freedom, Scott met up with James Nesbitt, a young man whom he had met in prison. While some disagree on the grounds of speculation, he is considered by many to be Scott's lover and there is a significant primary resource that supports this reading. Scott's actual handwritten letters, currently held in the Archives Office of NSW, profess this love . While it is difficult to definitively claim the exact nature of Scott and Nesbitt's sexual practices, it can certainly be said that their relationship was an overtly romantic one. With the aid of Nesbitt, Captain Moonlite began a career as a public speaker on prison reform trading on his tabloid celebrity.
However this reputation came back to bite him. Throughout this period Scott was harried by the authorities and by the tabloid press who attempted to link him to numerous crimes in the colony and printed fantastic rumours about supposed plots he had underway.
At some time during this period Scott seems to have decided to live up to this legend and assembled a gang of young men, with Nesbitt as his second in command and the others being Thomas Rogan (21), Thomas Williams (19), Gus Wreneckie (15) and Graham Bennet (18). Scott met these young men through his lecture tours or through brothels.
The gang commenced their careers as bushrangers near Mansfield, in Victoria. While travelling through the Kellys' area of operation, the gang were frequently mistaken for The Kelly Gang and took advantage of this to receive food and to seize guns and ammunition from homesteads. Inspecting Superintendent of Police John Sadleir, made a highly improbable claim that Scott sent word to infamous bushranger Ned Kelly, asking to join forces with him but that "Kelly sent back word threatening that if Scott or his band approached him he would shoot them down". Scott seems to have never received the reply as his gang left Victoria in the later part of 1879, after operating there for a short time. They travelled north across the border into New South Wales to look for work, far from the police surveillance that stymied any opportunity of employment in Victoria. It was in the southern district of the New South Wales colony that they entered upon the full practice of their profession.
In one act they made themselves notorious. On Saturday evening, 15 November 1879 they entered the little settlement of Wantabadgery, about 28 miles from Gundagai, and proceeded to "bail up" all the residents.
Last stand and execution.
Scotts gang bailed up the Wantabadgery Station near Wagga Wagga on 15 November 1879 after being refused work, shelter and food. By this stage they were on the verge of starvation, after spending cold and rainy nights in the bush and in Moonlite's words succumbed to "desperation," terrorising staff and the family of Claude McDonald, the station owner . Scott also robbed the Australian Arms Hotel of a large quantity of alcohol and took prisoner the residents of some other neighbouring properties- bringing the number of prisoners to 25 in total.
One man, Ruskin, escaped in an attempt to warn others, but was caught and subject to a mock trial- the jury of his fellow prisoners finding him "Not Guilty". Another station-hand attempted to rush Scott but was overpowered.
A small party of four mounted troopers eventually arrived, but Scott's well armed gang captured their horses and held them down with gunfire for several hours until they retreated to gather reinforcements- at which point the gang slipped out.
The gang then holed up in the farmhouse of Edmund McGlede until surrounded by a reinforcement of 5 extra troopers led by Sergeant Carroll.
As the boy Wreneckie was running from a fence to reach a better position, he was shot through the side dead. The police gradually advanced from tree to tree, and drove the remaining desperadoes into a detached back kitchen. Sergeant Carroll led an assault upon the kitchen, and in this rally Constable Bowen was fatally wounded, a bullet from Scott's rifle entering his neck, and lodging near the spine.
Nesbitt was also shot and killed, attempting to lead police away from the house so that Scott could escape. When Scott saw Nesbitt shot down and was distracted, McGlede took the opportunity to disarm the gang leader and with the other members wounded, or captured on attempting to flee, the fire fight came to a close. Rogan succeeded in escaping, but was found next day under a bed in McGlede's house. According to newspaper reports at the time, Scott openly wept at the loss of his dearest and closest companion. As Nesbitt lay dying, 'his leader wept over him like a child, laid his head upon his breast, and kissed him passionately'.
During the trial Scott claimed all guilt and allowed his young confederates to put all the blame on him, with them claiming to have been deceived as to the nature of their expedition, however both Scott and Rogan were given death sentences.
Scott and Rogan were hanged together in Sydney at Darlinghurst gaol at 8 o'clock on 20 January 1880, on Scott's father's birthday. Whilst awaiting his hanging Scott wrote a series of death-cell letters which were discovered by historian Garry Wotherspoon. Scott went to the gallows wearing a ring woven from a lock of Nesbitt's hair on his finger and his final request was to be buried in the same grave as his constant companion, "My dying wish is to be buried beside my beloved James Nesbitt, the man with whom I was united by every tie which could bind human friendship, we were one in hopes, in heart and soul and this unity lasted until he died in my arms." His request was not granted by the authorities of the time, but his remains were exhumed from Rookwood Cemetery in Sydney and reinterred at Gundagai next to Nesbitt's grave in January 1995.
Popular culture.
The story of Scott was turned into a play, "Captain Moonlight", by W.J. Lincoln, which was later filmed as "Moonlite" in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="5926664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926664" title="Marek Oramus">
Marek Oramus

Marek Oramus (born 23 March 1952 in Siepraw) is a Polish science fiction writer and journalist. He graduated from the Silesian University of Technology in 1975. Most of his books and stories belong to the social science fiction genre and were written in the 1990s. Since then most of his writing have been journalistic, humorous, satirical essays, most of them published in the science fiction magazines "Fenix" and "Fantastyka" in his "Piąte Piwo" (Fifth Beer) column. Since 2010 he writes essays for Rzeczpospolita, concerning topics such as rare Earth hypothesis and futurology.

</doc>
<doc id="5926668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926668" title="Gemma di Vergy">
Gemma di Vergy

Gemma di Vergy is an 1834 "tragedia lirica" (tragic opera) in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti from a libretto by Giovanni Emanuele Bidéra. It is based on the tragedy "Charles VII chez ses grands vassaux" "(Charles VII and His Chief Vassals)" (1831) by Alexandre Dumas "père", which was later to become the subject of the opera "The Saracen" by the Russian composer César Cui.
The heroine is the childless wife of the Count of Vergy, and the plot deals with her jealousy and grief as her husband arranges an annulment of their marriage in preparation for the arrival of his new bride, Ida, and her despair following the murder of her husband by a slave, Tamas, who is secretly in love with her.
"Gemma di Vergy" was first performed on 26 December 1834 at the Teatro alla Scala, Milan. The leading role was taken by the Italian soprano Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis, Donizetti's favourite prima donna at the time, for whom he had previously composed "Fausta" (1832 ), and for whom he was later to compose "Roberto Devereux" (1837).
Performance history.
The opera remained very popular in Italy until at least the 1860s. It was not performed at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples until 4 March 1837, but it remained popular there and appeared every year until 1848. Productions were also staged in London on 12 March 1842, Paris, New York on 2 October 1843, Lisbon, St. Petersburg, Vienna and Barcelona. While initially popular, it had disappeared from the repertoire by about 1900, although before its 20th Century revivals, it was staged in Empoli in 1901.
"Gemma di Vergy" was revived for the soprano Montserrat Caballé in a production at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples in December 1975. Subsequently the same soprano performed the work in concert in several other cities. A number of live recordings exist of the Caballé performances from Naples, Paris and New York.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5926673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926673" title="22nd Genie Awards">
22nd Genie Awards

The 22nd Genie Awards were held in 2002 to honour films released in 2001. The ceremony was hosted by Brian Linehan.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5926682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926682" title="Nikolić">
Nikolić

Nikolić (), meaning "son of Nikola", is a common South Slavic surname and is found among Serbs, Croats, and Montenegrins. Nikolić is the third most frequent surname in Serbia, and is also common in Croatia, with 6,353 carriers (2011 census).
It may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="5926686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926686" title="Seraphin of Montegranaro">
Seraphin of Montegranaro

Seraphin of Montegranaro, O.F.M. Cap. () (1540—October 12, 1604), was an Italian Capuchin friar who is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Life.
Born Felix (Felice) Rapagnano at Montegranaro, then in the March of Fermo, was the second of four children of poor but pious parents, Gerolamo Rapagnano and Teodora Giovannuzzi. His father was a mason. Because of economic necessity, the family depended on the productivity of all of its members. The eldest son, Silenzio, followed in his father's footsteps, wielding the trowel. The slighter and less manually adept Felix was hired out to a local farmer as a shepherd. Felix enjoyed shepherding since it afforded him a great deal of time and opportunity for prayer. Even at an early age, Felix had an inclination toward silence, seclusion, and prayer, which caused people to take notice of him in admiration.
When their father died, Felix was summoned to return home. His brother understood that Felix lacked the skills of a mason, but hoped to use him as an unskilled laborer. All attempts proved futile. Felix could not even learn how to slake lime. He did learn, however, to put up with the physical and emotional abuse heaped upon him by his irascible brother.
Rapagnano kept in mind stories he had heard about the desert ascetics and of their fasting and penances, and dreamed of becoming like them. He confided in a friend, Luisa Vannucci from Loro Piceno, who encouraged him to enter religious life. She specifically mentioned the Capuchins because these friars had been guests at her house and she was familiar with their reputation for virtue. Immediately, he left for Tolentino and presented himself to the Capuchin Minister Provincial, expecting to be admitted that very day. But such was not the Capuchin custom. When Rapagnano presented himself he was sent home, in all likelihood because of his age and fragile condition. In 1556, Rapagnano repeated his request to the Minister Provincial, who this time accepted him and sent him to the novitiate of the province at Jesi
After completed this year of probation, Rapagnano received the religious name of Seraphin, or Seraphim. Upon his being received into the Order, he remarked, "I have nothing, just a crucifix and a rosary, but with these I hope to benefit the friars and become a saint."
Seraphin was distinguished from the first by his unaffected simplicity, mortification, and obedience as well as charity which, towards the poor, knew no bounds. He had a special devotion to the Blessed Sacrament and to Our Lady.
Seraphin was endowed with the gift of reading the secrets of hearts, and with that of miracles and prophecy. Although unlettered, Seraphin's advice was sought by secular and ecclesiastical dignitaries, and was a fruitful source of virtue to souls.
Externally, Seraphin remained much unchanged: hair always rumpled, clumsy, all thumbs, inept at every job, and, for the most part, illiterate. But his holiness was easily recognizable. At times, he was discouraged by the ridicule of his Capuchin brothers. Seraphin would regain his composure and perspective through prayer. He explained, "When I entered religious life I was a poor, unskilled laborer, lacking both talent and potential. I remained as I was, and this caused so many humiliations and rebukes which the devil used as opportunities to tempt me to leave religious life and retreat to some desert, withdrawing into myself. I entrusted myself to the Lord, and one night I heard a voice coming from the tabernacle say, "To serve God you must die to yourself and accept adversity, of whatever type." So I accepted them and resolved to recite a rosary for anyone who caused me trouble. Then I heard the voice from the tabernacle say, 'Your prayers for those who mortify you are very pleasing to me. In exchange, I am ready to grant you many graces.'And the wonders worked at his hands were plentiful. In fact, people began calling him a saint, a healer and a prophet. Whatever objects touched him seemed to work some prodigious sign.
Seraphin was assigned as to serve variously as a porter or questor at various friaries throughout the March, but most of his religious life was spent at Ascoli Piceno, where, after his death, his picture could be found in every home and even on the outside of public buildings, displayed as if it were a noble shield or coat of arms.
The ancient Capuchin custom was to keep rooms near the porter's office available for the use of travelers and pilgrims. At whatever hour of the night, Seraphin would answer the door. Many witnesses relayed stories of how they had sought refuge at the Capuchin friary after the city gates had been closed for the night, and were warmly welcomed by Seraphin. Seraphin spent entire nights in church. Friars testified that, after everyone else had gone to bed, they would often hear Seraphin walking toward the church to spend the night in adoration before the Blessed Sacrament. There he was heard praying, "Peace, Lord, I ask peace for so-and-so." Seraphin once confided that the reason he spent so much of the night in church was because, in his room, he was greatly tempted against chastity, even in his old age.
Seraphin's reputation captured the attention of all, including the Dukes of Bavaria and Parma, the Peopli nobles of Bologna, and Cardinal Bandini. To avoid having people kiss his hand or tunic to show their respect, Seraphin would carry a crucifix with him, offering it for them to kiss.
Although he was not totally illiterate, Seraphin could speak about God more eloquently than any theologian. Even the bishop of Ascoli, the eminent theologian, Cardinal Bernerio, sought Seraphin's advice in especially difficult cases.
With himself, Seraphin was austere. Only once in his life did he accept a new religious habit, and then, only out of obedience. For 40 continuous years, all he ate was soup or salad. In keeping with the spirituality prevalent at the time, Seraphin had a personal devotion of serving as many Masses as possible.
Rich in human feeling, Seraphin possessed a great sense of humor. Once, a woman asked him if she would give birth to a boy or a girl. Seraphin attempted to avoid answering. But the woman insisted, saying, "How shall I know what name to choose?" Chuckling, Seraphin responded, "As far as that goes, choose Ursula and companions," indicating that throughout her life the woman would give birth to a succession of girls.
Seraphin once healed a bishop who was at death's door. The bishop told him, "I made a long journey and was hoping to enter paradise. But, thanks to you, they shut the door in my face and threw me down the stairs, so here I am back in this world."
Veneration.
Seraphin died at Ascoli Piceno in the early afternoon of October 12, 1604. Even before the burial, his first biographer put pen to paper. He was canonized by Pope Clement XIII on 16 July 1767. Pope Clement canonized Seraphin, together with John Cantius, Joseph Calasanz, Joseph of Cupertino, Jerome Emiliani and Jane Frances de Chantal. In the papal bull of canonization, the illiterate and klutzy Capuchin was acclaimed as a person who "knew how to read and understand the great book of life which is our Savior, Jesus Christ. For that reason, he deserves to be listed among Christ's principle disciples."
Serafin's feast day is celebrated on 12 October. His tomb is in the Capuchin friary at Ascoli Piceno. A church at San Lorenzo Nuovo is dedicated to him.

</doc>
<doc id="5926687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926687" title="Huntingdon (SEPTA station)">
Huntingdon (SEPTA station)

Huntingdon Station is an elevated rapid transit stop on the Market-Frankford Line, above the intersection of Kensington Avenue and Huntingdon Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the Kensington neighborhood. During peak hours, the station is served by "A" trains only. The station is the first stop to run above Kensington Avenue after leaving Front Street.
The station is located over a five-way intersection. Access to the station from street-level can be found at two locations: the southwest corner of Kensington Avenue and East Huntingdon Street, and the northeast corner of B Street and Kensington Avenue. The station is east of the Temple University Hospital Episcopal Campus, and southwest of a high truss bridge over a Conrail line.

</doc>
<doc id="5926694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926694" title="Oh Well">
Oh Well

Oh Well may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926698" title="Rejoneador">
Rejoneador

Rejoneador (, pl. "rejoneadores"; "lancer") is the name given to a bullfighter who fights the bull on horseback. The "rejoneador" shouldn't be confused with the "picador", who is just an assistant of the matador. The "rejoneo" is a form of bullfighting in Portugal and in Spanish bullfighting.
Classic bullfights may also exhibit a "rejoneador" spectacle preceding the main event but if the "corrida" is made up exclusively of "rejoneadores", it is called a "rejoneo" or "corrida de rejones". "Corridas mixtas" are also popular, where a "rejoneador" and two matadors (or a "rejoneador", matador and "novillero"—an apprentice matador) perform.
The point of the bullfight is to demonstrate the skill and nerve of the rider in controlling both the bull and the horse.
A rejoneo has a scheme identical with the one of classic bullfighting. It has three stages named "tercios":
Rejoneadores often use several horses during a performance. They are of various single and mixed breeds. Typically the rider has at least one of each of the following horses:
The horses are trained and skilled in dressage. A rejoneador's usual costume consists of a dark waistcoat (usually brown or grey), brown leather chaps and a broad, straight-brimmed hat.
Accidents are rare. Occasionally a horse is injured or even killed. Recently (April 2007) the renowned rejoneador Pablo Hermoso de Mendoza broke his leg in a "cogida" in Osuna (Andalucia) that prevented him taking part in the Festival of San Isidro, which, along with Seville's Feria de Abril, is one of the art's most important fairs. The horse was not injured and he is expected to recover fully.
"Cavaleiros".
"Cavaleiros" (horsemen) are mounted bullfighters in a traditional Portuguese bullfighting. For the Portuguese "corrida de touros" does not follow the scheme of the Spanish bullfighting, they only stick the "bandarilhas" on the bull's back. Then, they will leave the ring for the performance of "forcados". However, Portuguese cavaleiros are also named "rejoneadores" in Spain. When a Portuguese rejoneador performs in Spain it will take the form of the Spanish bullfight. The only discernible difference is the costume. Cavaleiros are the stars of a standard Portuguese bullfight as opposed to Spain, where in the standard corrida the "matadores" are the most prominent bullfighters. (In a 'corrida mixta' (mixed bullfight) or a 'corrida de rejones' (horseback bullfight) the rejoneador whose turn it is the star). The costume of the cavaleiros is a flamboyant one, reminiscent of the clothing of 18th century aristocrats. The breed of horses they use is Lusitano. Since bullfighting is seen mainly as an equestrian event in Portugal, cavaleiros have developed their work into an art.

</doc>
<doc id="5926727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926727" title="Please, Please, Please (disambiguation)">
Please, Please, Please (disambiguation)

"Please, Please, Please" is a 1956 song by James Brown & the Famous Flames.
Please, Please, Please may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926732" title="John E. Moss">
John E. Moss

John Emerson Moss (April 13, 1915 – December 5, 1997) was an American politician of the Democratic party, noted for his championing of the federal Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) through multiple sessions of the United States House of Representatives where he served from 1953 to 1979.
Biography.
Moss was born in Hiawatha, Carbon County, Utah, in 1915, and moved with his family to Sacramento, California in 1923 where he attended public school and Sacramento Junior College. He held various sales, credit executive, and retail jobs from 1938 and 1943. In 1935 he married Jean Kueny, the daughter of Joseph and Winnefred (née West) Kueny of Galt, CA. Together they had two daughters, Jennifer Afton (dob 3/14/1946) and Allison Effie, (dob 10/17/1949). In 1938 he joined the California Democratic State Central committee where he remained until 1980. He died in San Francisco, California in 1997.
Moss served in the United States Navy during World War II and was elected to the California State Legislature in 1949, where he served as the Democratic floor leader until 1952.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Moss served in the US House of Representatives for California's 3rd congressional district for 13 terms from 1953 until he retired in 1978. He was nominated by both the Democratic and Republican parties in 1958 and ran unopposed in 1960. Moss earned the distinction of never being defeated in an election for public office.
Moss held the chair for the following subcommittees in the House of Representatives:
He also served on the following committees:
His legislative record includes:
Moss also played an active role in furthering legislative oversight, chairing hearings related to the World Uranium Cartel, FBI foreign security surveillance during the Vietnam War, abuse in federal contracting, GAAP, defensive medicine, pricing and supply of natural gas, passive restraint systems for passenger cars, regulation of pesticides, and amendments to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Congressman Moss is considered the father of modern legislative oversight.
On May 1, 1973 Moss was also the first to call for the House to set up procedures for a bill of impeachment during the Watergate scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="5926752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926752" title="1994 NASCAR Busch Series">
1994 NASCAR Busch Series

The 1994 NASCAR Busch Series Season began February 19 and ended October 22. David Green of Labonte Motorsports won the championship.
1994 Team Chart.
List of full-time teams at the start of 1994.
Goody's 300.
The Goody's 300 was held February 19 at Daytona International Speedway. The #30 of Michael Waltrip won the pole and ran well until he lost the right half of his rear spoiler late in the race.
Top Ten Results
Goodwrench 200.
The Goodwrench 200 was held February 26 at North Carolina Speedway. Robert Pressley won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Hardee's 250.
The Hardee's 250 was held March 5 at Richmond International Raceway. The #44 of David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Busch Light 300.
The Busch Light 300 was held March 12 at Atlanta Motor Speedway. The #46 of Shawna Robinson* won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Notable DNQ's: 25-Hermie Sadler, 38-Elton Sawyer (both bought rides and still competed in the race)
Miller 500.
The Miller 500 was held March 20 at Martinsville Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Mark III Vans 200.
The Mark III Vans 200 was held March 26 at Darlington Raceway. Mark Martin won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Sundrop 400.
The Sundrop 400 was held April 3 at Hickory Motor Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Goody's 250.
The Goody's 250 was held April 9 at Bristol Motor Speedway. The #60 of Mark Martin* won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Pantry Stores 300.
The final* Pantry Stores 300 was held April 30 at Orange County Speedway. The #57 of Jason Keller won the pole.
Top Ten Results
NE Chevy 250.
The NE Chevy 250 was held May 7 at New Hampshire International Speedway. The #33 of Bobby Labonte won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Meridian Advantage 200.
The Meridian Advantage 200 was held May 22 at Nazareth Speedway. Kenny Wallace won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Champion 300.
The Champion 300 was held May 28 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The #88 of Mike Skinner won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Goodwrench/Delco 200.
The Goodwrench/Delco 200 was held June 4 at Dover International Speedway. Ricky Craven won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Carolina Pride / Budweiser 250.
The Carolina Pride / Budweiser 250 was held June 11 at Myrtle Beach Speedway. The #57 of Jason Keller won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Fay's 150.
The Fay's 150 was held June 25 at Watkins Glen International Raceway. Ricky Craven won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Havoline 250.
The Havoline 250 was held July 3 at The Milwaukee Mile. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Ford Credit 300.
The Ford Credit 300 was held July 16 at South Boston Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Fram Filter 300K.
The Fram Filter 300K was held July 23 at Talladega Superspeedway. Jeff Purvis won the pole.
Top Ten Results
The Pantry 300.
The Pantry 300 was held July 31 at Hickory Motor Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Kroger 200.
The Kroger 200 was held Friday night August 5 at Indianapolis Raceway Park. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Detroit Gasket 200.
The Detroit Gasket 200 was held August 20 at Michigan International Speedway. Derrike Cope won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Food City 250.
The Food City 250 was held August 26 at Bristol Motor Speedway. Harry Gant won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Gatorade 200.
The Gatorade 200 was held September 3 at Darlington Raceway. Randy LaJoie won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Autolite 250.
The Autolite 250 was held September 9 at Richmond International Raceway. Jason Keller won the pole.
Top Ten Results
SplitFire 200.
The SplitFire 200 was held September 17 at Dover International Speedway. Harry Gant won the pole.
Top Ten Results
All Pro 300.
The All Pro 300 was held October 8 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Mark Martin won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Advance Auto 500.
The Advance Auto 500 was held October 16 at Martinsville Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
AC-Delco 200.
The AC-Delco 200 was held October 22 at North Carolina Speedway. David Green won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Rookie of the Year.
Grand Rapids, Michigan native Johnny Benson won the Busch Series Rookie of the Year award in 1994, winning once and finishing sixth in points, followed closely by Dennis Setzer, a two-time winner on the circuit. Kevin Lepage and Stevie Reeves were the only others drivers who attempted the season on a full-time basis that season.

</doc>
<doc id="5926753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926753" title="Triton (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Triton (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

Tritons are a fictional species in the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Publication history.
The tritons were introduced to the "Dungeons & Dragons" game in its first supplement, "Greyhawk" (1975), and also appeared in the "Eldritch Wizardry" supplement.
The triton appeared in the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in the original "Monster Manual" (1977).
The triton appeared in the "Dungeons & Dragons" adventure module "The War Rafts of Kron" (1984). The triton also appeared in the "Creature Catalogue" (1986), and reprinted in the "Creature Catalog" (1993). The triton appeared as a player character class in "Sea People" (1990).
The triton appeared in the second edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Two" (1989), and reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993). The triton appeared as a playable character race for the Forgotten Realms setting in "Sea of Fallen Stars" (1999).
The triton appeared in the third edition "Monster Manual" (2000), and in the 3.5 revised "Monster Manual" (2003). The triton appeared as a player character race in "Savage Species" (2003),
Description.
Tritons are aquatic humanoid creatures, loosely based on the merman god Triton from Greek mythology. Tritons are of the outsider type but native to the Material Plane, though they are thought to originate from the Elemental Plane of Water. Tritons are able to magically summon water elementals and other creatures of the sea to come to their aid. 
A triton is usually neutral in alignment. They are the natural enemies of the sahuagin.
Description.
Tritons resemble aquatic elves in their upper half, but their lower halves are more fish-like, with scaly legs and webbed feet. They favor tridents over other weapons.
Society.
Tritons worship the deity Persana.

</doc>
<doc id="5926755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926755" title="Raphanus caudatus">
Raphanus caudatus

The rat-tail radish (Chinese: t , s , "shǔwěi luóbó"), serpent radish, or tail-pod radish is a plant of the radish genus "Raphanus" named for its edible seed pods. Linnaeus described it as the species "Raphanus caudatus"; it is now sometimes treated as a variety of the common radish ("R. sativus"), either "caudatus" or "mougri".
It is found primarily in India and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in China. It was first known in the West no later than 1815, when introduced into England from Java.

</doc>
<doc id="5926764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926764" title="2006 Formula BMW UK season">
2006 Formula BMW UK season

The 2006 Formula BMW UK season was the third Formula BMW season based in United Kingdom whose mission was to develop talented young drivers and introduce them to auto racing using full-size cars. The series was part of the support race package for the BTCC. 

</doc>
<doc id="5926775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926775" title="Chrastava">
Chrastava

Chrastava (; ) is a town in northern Bohemia in the Czech Republic about 10 kilometre (6 mi) northwest of the regional capital Liberec. The town is situated on the Jeřice brook near to its confluence with the Lusatian Neisse (). Chrastava is surrounded by hills of the Ještěd Mountains and more distant Jizera Mountains.
At the end of 2012 built a thermal bath
History of the town of Chrastava.
The town of Chrastava was first mentioned in 1351 as "Craczauia". It was founded very probably in the end of 13th century on the site of an older village of the West Slavic Milceni tribe by German settlers, having been invited by King Ottokar II of Bohemia. They came mainly from the city Pirna in Saxony.
Chrastava, then known mostly by the German name Kratzau, was occupied by the Hussites who use the town as a base for expeditions into Lusatia during the Hussite Wars. Kratzau was governed by the Habsburg Monarchy after Bohemia was inherited by the Austrian Habsburgs in 1526. It received town rights in 1527.
The town became a mining centre in 15th and 16th century, in particularly in copper, tin, lead, zinc, iron and silver mining. Two small mining towns, Andělská Hora () and Panenská Hůrka (), were established by the miners more closely to the metal veins.
After the mines were abandoned, many of the people were forced to find a new kind of livelihood. Therefore they started to produce cloth on a loom in many houses in the town. During the 19th century the handicraft industry succumbed to mass production by many textile manufactures that had been built in the town. During the second half of the 19th century Kratzau became famous also for its production of organs and other musical instruments which were exported abroad (e.g. Gebrüder Riemer Kratzau company).
Kratzau became part of Czechoslovakia after the collapse of Austria-Hungary from World War I and was officially renamed Chrastava. The town was almost entirely ethnic German, however, and was ceded to Nazi Germany along with the rest of the Sudetenland after the Munich Agreement in 1938.
During World War II an ammunition factory was founded in Chrastava which produced hand grenades and other military material for the armed forces of Germany. A subcamp of the Gross-Rosen concentration camp was set up near the factory for Jewish women, who were exploited for forced labour.
After the expulsion of Germans after World War II in 1945-1947, Chrastava was resettled mainly by Czechs, along with Slovaks, Roma, and other nationalities.
Subdivisions.
Chrastava consists of four main town sections and two villages:

</doc>
<doc id="5926782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926782" title="Freedomland (novel)">
Freedomland (novel)

Freedomland is a mystery novel by Richard Price
Plot introduction.
A woman staggers into a local hospital, too dazed to speak. As the doctors and police try to puzzle out her injuries, her story comes out. She was thrown to the ground and her car was stolen. And, in the back, was her four year old son.
The town of Dempsey is in turmoil as the search for the child goes on and pressure builds up on all sides.
Explanation of the novel's title.
An abandoned theme park, Freedomtown, is the site of a massive search and discovery, both for characters within the novel and relating to the crime.
The secondary meaning refers to the freedoms that the citizens have that are restricted and reduced in special circumstances.
Plot summary.
Brenda Martin walks into the hospital emergency room in a state of shock. As doctors bandage her hands, they find out she is the victim of a carjacking near Armstrong. Detective Lorenzo Council meets with her, and through her tears gets the story that her four-year-old son Cody was in the backseat of the car. She then describes the assailant as being a young black man with a shaved head and scary eyes.
Local reporter Jesse Haus follows up on this relatively minor news story, and is one of the first to learn about the kidnapping. After promising to write a story on Bump Rosen’s son, she gets an inside chance to be next to Brenda. As the Gannon and Dempsey police blockade the crime area, Lorenzo works to get more details from Brenda, and Jesse works on details for her story. Lorenzo has Jesse stay with Brenda so she is not alone, and Jesse discovers Brenda’s love of classic R&B music.
Lorenzo, under a deadline to solve the case or lose it to the FBI, starts asking all of his contacts for any information. False or no information is the result, and the residents of Armstrong are beginning to express outrage at the blockade. George Howard is arrested in hopes of getting information from him, but his unfair arrest only pushes passions higher. In a last chance to elicit information from Brenda, Lorenzo takes her to the abandoned Freedomtown theme park and opens up to her, hoping that she will do the same in turn.
Ben Haus brings in Karen Collucci and the Friends of Kent (an organization that searches for missing children) to speak to Brenda and organize a search party for Cody. They figure the most likely place to search would be an abandoned, overgrown mental hospital not too far from where the carjacking occurred. Understanding that the Friends of Kent have a hidden agenda, Jesse sticks close to Brenda and Elaine during the search. Lorenzo has an asthma attack and ends up in the hospital. After he is gone, the group arrives at a building where a child’s body had been found years earlier. There, Brenda hears a child crying, and confesses to knowing where Cody is.
Days before, when Brenda had gone downstairs to meet her boyfriend Billy, she came back up and found Cody dead of a Benadryl overdose. She panicked and ran away, until she finally called Billy and told him what happened. He went over and took Cody to Freedomtown and buried him in front of the Chicago Fire exhibit, as per a written request from Brenda. When Brenda returned, Cody was gone and the spot was cleaned up. Then, while sitting next to the railroad and only half thinking about it, she jams her hands into the ground (causing her injuries) and makes her way to the hospital on foot.
As the story comes out, Dempsey residents are outraged, and Lorenzo feels a protest riot in is the air. That night, the feeling subsides when a man dies in an elevator accident. The next day, local leaders plan a march to demonstrate against the unfair treatment they received during the carjacking-kidnapping story. They march into Gannon with a police escort, and then back into Dempsey. At the end of the march, a fight breaks out and another resident is killed.
The novel ends with a funeral for Cody, followed soon after by Brenda’s suicide. This seems to end the saga, leaving the residents of both cities emotionally exhausted.
Allusions/references to other works.
The setting of Dempsey and Gannon were seen in Price’s novel "Clockers".
Awards and nominations.
"Freedomland" hit bestseller lists from coast to coast, including those of the "Boston Globe", "USA Today" and "Los Angeles Times"; garnered universally rave reviews; and was selected as the Grand Prize Winner of the Imus American Book Award and as a New York Times Notable Book.
Adaptation.
"Freedomland" was turned into a major motion picture and released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5926790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926790" title="New African Poets">
New African Poets

New African Poets (NAP) are a French hip hop group from Strasbourg. The members of the group are Mustapha, Bilal, Malik, Aïssa, Mohammed and Karim. Most of the group come from the Neuhof quartier of Strasbourg. They have been rapping together since 1988. Brothers Malik and Bilal produced the group's first album. Aïssa is their cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="5926814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926814" title="Femoral head ostectomy">
Femoral head ostectomy

A femoral head ostectomy (FHO) is a surgical procedure that removes the head and neck from the femur. FHO surgery is performed to alleviate pain. It is a salvage procedure, reserved for condition where pain can not be alleviated in any other way. It is common in veterinary surgery. Other names are excision arthroplasty of the femoral head and neck, Girdlestone's operation and femoral head and neck ostectomy.
History.
FHO was first described by Gathorne Robert Girdlestone (1881–1950) in 1945. He originally designed the procedure for treating tuberculosis and other disorders of the hips. This has led to the procedure also being known as a "Girdlestone operation". Other surgeons added various modifications to the procedure to improve recovery and outcomes.
FHO was first described in veterinary science in 1961 by J.S.A. Spreull.
Indications in veterinary science.
Dogs, cats and small horses, donkeys and ponies have all had the procedure performed successfully.
Hip dysplasia, an extremely painful congenital condition found in many dog breeds and some cats, is an example of such a condition where this procedure may be used. It is also performed in cases of trauma where the head of the femur is badly broken or severed, or in response to other diseases of the hip bone, such as Legg-Calve-Perthes' disease. It is sometimes the procedure of last resort when other methods have failed and or sepsis of the joint has occurred, but it can be indicated when the hip joint is severely affected or if arthritis In the joint is serious enough. It can also be indicated in small animals with pelvic fractures, particularly fractures of the acetabulum (socket of the pelvis).
Procedure.
The procedure exposes the head section of the femur bone (the ball of the ball and socket joint), and then the head is removed using a small saw or a bone hammer and chisel. Rarely both sides are done in one operation, most times one side is done and allowed to heal before the other side is done.
Unlike most other hip surgeries, the head of the femur is not replaced, but is allowed to heal and develop its own fibrous scar tissue so that the joint is no longer bone−to-bone, a pseudoarthrosis (also called a "false joint"). The neck of the femur is usually removed at the same time as the head. This prevents the post operative complication of bone rubbing on bone and continued pain. This has led to the procedure often also called "Femoral head and neck ostectomy".
Animals who have had FHO surgery are required to maintain a lower weight throughout their lives to compensate for the loss of skeletal integrity, and typically have excellent functional outcomes with appropriate physical therapy.
Other species.
Small horses and ponies can have an ostectomy without an osteotomy of the greater trochanter. As a salvage procedure, this is usually performed in those animals which have the specific injury of a fracture of the capital physis. These patients would not return to function as a riding horse and the procedure may be performed for those animals involved in breeding, milking, and being kept as companion animals.

</doc>
<doc id="5926829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926829" title="Julius Shulman">
Julius Shulman

Julius Shulman (October 10, 1910 – July 15, 2009) was an American architectural photographer best known for his photograph "Case Study House #22, Los Angeles, 1960. Pierre Koenig, Architect." The house is also known as the Stahl House. Shulman's photography spread California Mid-century modern around the world. Through his many books, exhibits and personal appearances his work ushered in a new appreciation for the movement beginning in the 1990s.
His vast library of images currently reside at the Getty Center in Los Angeles. His contemporaries include Ezra Stoller and Hedrich Blessing Photographers. In 1947, Julius Shulman asked architect Raphael Soriano to build a mid-century steel home and studio in the Hollywood Hills.
Some of his architectural photographs, like the iconic shots of Frank Lloyd Wright's or Pierre Koenig's remarkable structures, have been published countless times. The brilliance of buildings like those by Charles Eames, as well as those of his close friends, Richard Neutra and Raphael Soriano, was first brought to light by Shulman's photography. The clarity of his work demanded that architectural photography had to be considered as an independent art form. Each Shulman image unites perception and understanding for the buildings and their place in the landscape. The precise compositions reveal not just the architectural ideas behind a building's surface, but also the visions and hopes of an entire age. A sense of humanity is always present in his work, even when the human figure is absent from the actual photographs.
Many of the buildings photographed by Shulman have since been demolished or re-purposed, lending to the popularity of his images.
Life and career.
Julius Shulman was born in Brooklyn on October 10, 1910, and grew up on a small farm in Connecticut before moving to Los Angeles while still a boy. He briefly attended the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of California, Berkeley, and earned pocket money by selling his photographs to fellow students. In 1936 he returned to Los Angeles, where he was enlisted by a friend to take photographs of a new, Neutra-designed house in Hollywood with his amateur Kodak Vest Pocket camera. When Neutra saw the pictures, he asked to meet the photographer and proceeded to give him his first assignments. Shulman opened a studio in Los Angeles in 1950, by that time drawing much of his work from magazines based in New York. He remained in business full-time until the late 1980s. In 2000, Shulman gave up retirement to begin working with business partner Juergen Nogai.
Exhibitions.
The Getty Research Institute held a 2005–2006 exhibition of Shulman's prints entitled "Julius Shulman, Modernity and the Metropolis". The exhibition included sections entitled "Framing the California Lifestyle," "Promoting the Power of Modern Architecture," "The Tools of an Innovator" and "The Development of a Metropolis". The exhibition traveled to the National Building Museum and to the Art Institute of Chicago.
Julius Shulman and Juergen Nogai have had exhibitions at the Design and Architecture Museum in Frankfurt, Germany, in fall 2005 as well as an exhibition at the Barnsdall Municipal Gallery in Los Angeles 2006, Craig Krull Gallery Bergamot station, Los Angeles, October 2007, and another show in spring 2009. An exhibition of their work is also scheduled in Mannheim, Germany, in 2010.
On December 16, 2007, Shulman attended a showing of his architectural photography at the Los Angeles Public Library. Organized by the Getty Research Institute, the exhibit included 150 photographs documenting architectural changes in Los Angeles over the past 80 years. This progression includes the redevelopment of Bunker Hill, the growth of Century City, the avant-garde architectural designs in Los Angeles such as Watts Towers, Grauman's Chinese Theatre and the Getty Villa, as well as the growth of Wilshire Boulevard. The exhibition features the industrial engines at the Port of Los Angeles and the Los Angeles International Airport that helped fuel the growth of Los Angeles. Also featured, diverse residential fabric from Echo Park to South Los Angeles. The exhibit spotlighted Shulman's unique role in capturing and promoting innovative, sleek case study houses as well as the contrasting tract housing developments with repeated floor plans.
In February 2008, the Palm Springs Art Museum presented "Julius Shulman: Palm Springs," guest curated by Michael Stern. Containing more than 200 objects, it is the largest Julius Shulman exhibition ever presented to date. In addition to photographs and renderings, illustrations and models of many of the buildings Shulman photographed were presented to complement his extensive documentation of a place that was so inspirational to him. Rizzoli published the accompanying catalog, "Julius Shulman: Palm Springs." Additionally, a documentary DVD was produced in conjunction with the exhibition "Julius Shulman: Desert Modern."
Selected Shulman works were included in the Annenberg Space for Photography's inaugural exhibit, Los Angeles. One of his last commissioned works was of the Space, which opened in March, 2009, with Shulman in attendance.
Shulman's last exhibition was scheduled for July 4 to August 8, 2009, but his death one week into the show caused it to be extended by two weeks. Shulman's daughter Judy Shulman McKee—along with Krull, Nogai, Benedikt Taschen and Wim de Wit—spoke at the Getty Center on Sunday, September 20, 2009 during a memorial to celebrate the life of Julius Shulman.
Film.
Huell Howser Productions, in association with KCET/Los Angeles, featured Shulman in "Julius Shulman – Palm Springs".
Shulman was the subject of a 2008 documentary film, "Visual Acoustics: The Modernism of Julius Shulman". The film, directed by Eric Bricker and narrated by Dustin Hoffman, explores Shulman’s life and work. It discusses how Shulman's images helped to shape the careers of influential 20th century architects, including Frank Lloyd Wright, Richard Neutra and John Lautner. The film won the 2009 Palm Springs International Film Festival Audience Award for Best Documentary Feature as well as awards at the Austin Film Festival, Newport Beach Film Festival and the Lone Star International Film Festival. The film was released theatrically by Arthouse Films across the U.S. late 2009 through early 2010.
Death and honors.
In 1987, the Shulman House was designated a Cultural Heritage Monument by the city of Los Angeles. Shulman himself had a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars dedicated to him in 2006.
He died at his home in Los Angeles, California on July 15, 2009; he was 98 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5926834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926834" title="Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium">
Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium

The Oxford Dictionary of Byzantium (often abbreviated to ODB) is a three volume historical dictionary published by the English Oxford University Press. It contains comprehensive information in English on topics relating to the Byzantine Empire. It was edited by Dr. Alexander Kazhdan, and was first published in 1991. Kazhdan was a professor at Princeton University who became a Senior Research Associate at Dumbarton Oaks, Washington, DC before his death. He contributed to many of the articles in the Dictionary always signing his initials "A.K." at the end of the article to indicate his contribution.
Description.
The dictionary is available in printed and e-reference text versions from The Oxford Digital Reference Shelf. It covers the main historical events of Byzantium, as well as important social and religious events. It also includes biographies of eminent political and literary personalities and describes in detail religious, social, cultural, legal and political topics. Cultural topics include music, theology and the arts. Other topics covered include warfare, demography, education, agriculture, commerce, science, philosophy, and medicine providing a comprehensive picture of the complex and advanced political and social structures of Byzantine society.

</doc>
<doc id="5926849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926849" title="Quebec Route 131">
Quebec Route 131

Route 131 is a Quebec highway running from Lavaltrie (junction of Route 138) to Saint-Michel-des-Saints in Lanaudière. This route, combined with Autoroute 31, provides the key route to Joliette, and then continues northward through Saint-Félix-de-Valois, Saint-Jean-de-Matha and Saint-Zénon for a distance of almost 140 km.
Les Cowboys Fringants, groupe de musique Québécois, font référence à la route 131 dans leur chanson Le Shack à Hector.

</doc>
<doc id="5926859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926859" title="Tasloi">
Tasloi

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the tasloi are a fictional humanoid race of jungle-dwellers. Tasloi are humanoid jungle-dwellers whose race is thought to be thousands of years old. While very quick and nimble between the trees, tasloi are easily dazzled in bright sunlight, preferring to stay below the jungle canopy. Despite this, tasloi do possess low-light vision. They speak their own language of Tasloi but may also speak Common or Sylvan.
A tasloi is usually chaotic evil in alignment.
Publication history.
The tasloi first appeared in first edition in the adventure module "Dwellers of the Forbidden City" (1981), and reprinted in the original "Monster Manual II" (1983).
The tasloi appeared in second edition in the "Monstrous Compendium Volume Two" (1989), and reprinted in the "Monstrous Manual" (1993).
The tasloi appeared in third edition in "Oriental Adventures" (2001). The tasloi appeared as a player character race for the Forgotten Realms setting in "Shining South" (2004).
Physical description.
Tasloi are 3-feet tall with gold, cat-like eyes; their green skin is thinly covered in coarse, black hair. They have a stooped, crouching posture and their knuckles drag on the ground when they walk.
Society.
Tasloi live in small groups consisting of several families. Their lairs are usually a series of large trees interconnected by vines and ropes, constructed on platforms high in the jungle canopy. On the ground below the platforms they sometimes raise dire rats or spider eaters as beasts of burden and mounts. If the village does have any spider eaters, these beasts are reserved as steeds for the most powerful tasloi in the settlement.
In the Forgotten Realms campaign setting the tasloi worship an aspect of Maglubiyet, god of the goblins.
Combat.
Tasloi normally attack from above, dropping from the treetops onto unwary opponents. If they do manage to gain surprise, they use nets to ensnare adversaries, otherwise attacking with their short swords and javelins; always using hit-and-run tactics in order to wear down tough foes, they thus avoid any stand-up fights. Tasloi always try to abscond with the body, saving food for the group.

</doc>
<doc id="5926862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926862" title="Judith Mappin">
Judith Mappin

Judith Mappin BSc (born Judith Taylor in Toronto) was a Canadian bookseller and philanthropist.
She was born in Toronto and remained there during her youth. She studied at McGill University in Montreal, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in 1950. She continued to live in Montreal with her husband John N. Mappin.
From 1974 to 2005, Mappin operated the Double Hook bookstore in Montreal which sold only Canadian books.Her promotion of Canadian literature earned her a President's Award of Distinction in 2005 from the Association of Canadian Publishers.[http://www.publishers.ca/agm2005.htm
She also served on the jury for the 1999 Giller Prize for Canadian fiction.
She founded scholarship programs at McGill University, one in 2000 for undergraduate environmental studies and another in 2002 for graduate students in women's health studies.[http://www.coursecalendar.mcgill.ca/fellowships/fellowships-1-1.html#wp252814
Mappin was the daughter of businessman E. P. Taylor, and was also a trustee of the Charles Taylor Prize for Canadian non-fiction literature, named after her late brother Charles.
In 2006 she received an honorary doctorate at McGill alongside Jean Beliveau and governor general Michaëlle Jean.
Her appointment as a Member of the Order of Canada was announced on 1 July 2008.
Judith Mappin died 14 February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5926882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926882" title="Super Glove Ball">
Super Glove Ball

Super Glove Ball is a game made by Rare in 1990 for the NES, specifically designed to be played with the Power Glove controller. However, it can also be played with a standard NES controller. It was sold separately from the Power Glove.
Plot.
Set in the then-futuristic year 2005, the story line is that the player's shuttle commander has been trapped in a dimensional maze in outer space. Only he can rescue the commander by throwing energy balls at the walls. Four different types of energy balls can be used; effects range from slowing down the opponent to killing them outright.
Gameplay.
This video game uses a first-person perspective to provide a three-dimensional element. There are three different mazes in the game; each maze holds hundreds of different rooms.
In Super Glove Ball, the player controls a virtual glove on-screen. The player has a life meter that is divided into 26 bars. The player starts off in a 3D room, and each surface of the room has rectangular tiles on it. The left and right walls of the room each have 20 tiles on their surfaces (5 tiles high and 4 tiles deep). The top and bottom walls each have 32 tiles (8 tiles wide and 4 tiles deep). The wall at the far end of the room has 40 tiles (8 tiles wide and 5 tiles high).
Energy balls appear and fly around the room, bouncing off of the walls, somewhat like the game of squash. When the ball hits a tile on a wall, that tile is destroyed. The player must keep the ball in play and destroy the tiles by hitting, throwing, and punching the ball around the room. The player cannot let the ball go behind the glove; if this happens, it will be destroyed, and a new one will appear. If the player loses 5 balls, a life will be lost. When all lives have been lost, it's game over, and there are no continues. The player also has a finite amount of Robo-Bullets that the glove can shoot out of its index finger by pressing the "select" button. These can destroy tiles with one hit, and they can also be used to attack enemies.
When all of the tiles on a wall have been destroyed, either nothing will happen, or a red arrow will appear, and it will point in the direction of the wall that the player has just cleared, indicating that the glove can now pass through that wall and go on to another room in the maze. Each room in the maze has a number, so it is advantageous for the player to make a map of the maze when going along. The second world alone has over 60 rooms, so without a map, it can be frustrating and easy to get lost. Making a map is practically half the fun of the game, which is more of exploration than anything else.
Some of the tiles will have a question mark on them. If the player hits a question mark tile with either the energy ball or by shooting it with a Robo-Bullet, one of several bonus power-ups will be awarded:
The game has three worlds, and they get progressively more difficult. The enemies get tougher (some will make the player lose a life with only one hit), and there are more ways for the player to lose the ball. Certain tiles are also much harder to hit in the second and third worlds.
One of the biggest criticisms in Super Glove Ball is that in certain rooms, the game will randomly warp the player to another random room. This can be quite annoying, because it prevents from exploring in the direction the player wants to go.
The game also features a high score list, which is reset every time the system is turned off.

</doc>
<doc id="5926889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926889" title="Atomic and molecular astrophysics">
Atomic and molecular astrophysics

Atomic astrophysics is concerned with performing atomic physics calculations that will be useful to astronomers and using atomic data to interpret astronomical observations. Atomic physics plays a key role in astrophysics as astronomers' only information about a particular object comes through the light that it emits, and this light arises through atomic transitions.
Molecular astrophysics, developed into a rigorous field of investigation by theoretical astrochemist Alexander Dalgarno beginning in 1967, concerns the study of emission from molecules in space. There are 110 currently known interstellar molecules. These molecules have large numbers of observable transitions. Lines may also be observed in absorption--for example the highly redshifted lines seen against the gravitationally lensed quasar PKS1830-211. High energy radiation, such as ultraviolet light, can break the molecular bonds which hold atoms in molecules. In general then, molecules are found in cool astrophysical environments. The most massive objects in our Galaxy are giant clouds of molecules and dust, creatively named Giant Molecular Clouds. In these clouds, and smaller versions of them, stars and planets are formed. One of the primary fields of study of molecular astrophysics then, is star and planet formation. Molecules may be found in many environments, however, from stellar atmospheres to those of planetary satellites. Most of these locations are cool, and molecular emission is most easily studied via photons emitted when the molecules make transitions between low rotational energy states. One molecule, composed of the abundant carbon and oxygen atoms, and very stable against dissociation into atoms, is carbon monoxide, CO. The wavelength of the photon emitted when the CO molecule falls from its lowest excited state to its zero energy, or ground, state is 2.6 mm, or 115 gigahertz (billion hertz). This frequency is a thousand times higher than typical FM radio frequencies. At these high frequencies, molecules in the Earth's atmosphere can block transmissions from space, and telescopes must be located in dry (water is an important atmospheric blocker), high sites. Radio telescopes must have very accurate surfaces to produce high fidelity images. 
On February 21, 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for tracking polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the universe. According to scientists, more than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life. PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.

</doc>
<doc id="5926891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926891" title="Robin redbreast">
Robin redbreast

Robin redbreast may refer to any one of several species of birds that are not closely related:
In Australia.
Several species in the Petroicidae (Australasian robins) family, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5926894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926894" title="21st Genie Awards">
21st Genie Awards

The 21st Genie Awards were held in 2001 to honour films released in 2000. The ceremony was hosted by Brian Linehan.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in .

</doc>
<doc id="5926905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926905" title="The Great Alaskan Mystery">
The Great Alaskan Mystery

The Great Alaskan Mystery is a 1944 Universal film serial about government agents trying to stop Nazi spies from getting their hands on futuristic weapons.
Plot.
James 'Jim' Hudson, an adventurer and accompanied by allies, goes after Nazi agents who have a new death ray called the "Paratron"...
Critical reception.
Cline considers this to be a mediocre serial but possessing a good cast and all the necessary "ingredients" of a good serial.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5926907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926907" title="Ardant du Picq">
Ardant du Picq

Charles Jean Jacques Joseph Ardant du Picq (19 October 1821 – 18 August 1870) was a French Army officer and military theorist of the mid-nineteenth century whose writings, as they were later interpreted by other theorists, had a great effect on French military theory and doctrine.
Life and career.
Ardant du Picq was born at Périgueux in the Dordogne on 19 October 1821. On 1 October 1844, upon graduation from the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, he was commissioned a sublieutenant in the 67th. As a captain, he saw action in the French expedition to Varna (April–June 1853) during the Crimean War, but he fell ill and was shipped home. Upon recovery, he rejoined his regiment in front of Sevastopol (September).
Transferred to the 9th Chasseurs a Pied battalion December 1854, he was captured during the storming of the central bastion of Sevastopol in September 1855. He was released in December 1855 and returned to active duty. As a major with the 16th Chasseur Battalion, Ardant du Picq served in Syria from August 1860 to June 1861 during the French intervention to restore order during Maronite-Druze sectarian violence.
Like virtually all his peers, he also saw extensive service in Algeria (1864–66), and in February 1869 was appointed colonel of the 10th Line Infantry Regiment. He was in France at the outbreak of war with Prussia on 15 July 1870 and took command of his regiment, the Tenth Regiment of the Line. He died August 18, 1870 at the military hospital in Metz, from wounds received at the Battle of Borny-Colombey.
"Battle Studies": du Picq as Military theorist.
Background.
Although comparatively little is known of his life, Ardant du Picq's small corpus of writings has earned him a place in the ranks of great military theorists. Before du Picq began his famous manuscripts, the French military relied heavily upon the writings of former Chief of Staff Baron Antoine-Henri Jomini when it came to warfare. Before his death, du Picq had already published Combat antique (ancient battle), which was later expanded from his manuscripts into the classic Etudes sur les combat: Combat antique et moderne, often referred to by its common English title as Battle Studies. This work was published in part in 1880 posthumously, and the complete text did not appear until 1902. The difficulties surrounding reform of the French military and its organization were widely discussed and his work referenced, and it was a very popular work among the army during World War I.
Inspirations of "Battle Studies".
As a primary inspiration to du Picq, fellow Périgueux native Marshal Thomas Bugeaud was responsible for supporting him in his calculating and objective view of military operations. Bugeaud's experiences with Marshal Suchet, a highly regarded former general of Napoleon's, left an indelible impression upon the Marshal that were handed down to du Picq. Marshal Bugeaud's aide de camp, Louis Jules Trochu, provided another inspiration with his work "L'Armée Française en 1867", in which Trochu emphasized psychological difficulties in warfare.
Military theories.
His principal interest was in the moral and psychological aspects of battle; as he himself wrote of the battlefields of his day: "The soldier is unknown often to his closest companions. He loses them in the disorienting smoke and confusion of a battle which he is fighting, so to speak, on his own. Cohesion is no longer ensured by mutual observation."
Nor did Ardant du Picq neglect the decisive importance of modern firepower, noting that it was necessary for the attacker to "employ fire up till the last possible moment; otherwise, given modern rates of fire, no attack will reach its objective."
Despite these words, much of his work was later used to help justify the doctrine of the "offensive à outrance", resting somewhat on his statement that "he will win who has the resolution to advance." What separated du Picq's belief from this new idea was that while du Picq accounted for differences in enemy positions and circumstances in the art of maneuver, the "offensive à outrance" made no such distinction, making the offensive victorious no matter how it is employed. This stark difference from du Picq's theory was put forward principally by Colonel de Grandmaison.
Assessment.
In sum, Ardant du Picq was a talented analyst and, had he lived, would have gained a fine reputation as a military historian. His analyses stressed the vital importance, especially in contemporary warfare, of discipline and unit cohesion. Along with Carl von Clausewitz, he was a major influence in France after the defeat of the French army in the Franco-Prussian War, and their attention to psychological and behavioral factors in combat was judged to be supremely important. The moral aspect of warfare that du Picq encouraged was propagated later by the writings of Marshal Ferdinand Foch, in which he also concluded that technological advances could not change the human condition and how men react to warfare.

</doc>
<doc id="5926911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926911" title="Harrison Audio Consoles">
Harrison Audio Consoles

Harrison Audio Consoles is an international company based in Nashville, Tennessee that manufactures mixing consoles and other audio technologies for the post-production, video production, broadcast, sound reinforcement and music recording industries. The company is renowned as an industry innovation for its "inline" mixing console design that has subsequently become the standard for nearly every large format music console. Over 1,500 Harrison consoles have been installed worldwide, presenting a significant percentage of the overall world market share for high-end audio consoles. The company founder, Dave Harrison, was inducted as a Fellow in the Audio Engineering Society for this technical contribution of the recording industry and in particular the first 32-bus "in-line" console.
History.
Harrison came to the recording industry after working for 5 years in recording equipment retail. In the early 1970s he acquired a dealership for Music Center Incorporated, then a manufacturer of tape recorder and record electronics equipment. In 1972 he approached company CEO Jeep Harned with a concept for an inline mixing console that simplified the incorporation of multitrack recorders into a console signal path. The Harrison-designed MCI JH400 series console was the world's first commercially available inline console. Realising the importance of his innovation to multitrack production in both the recording and film industries, Harrison established the manufacturing company, Harrison Consoles.
During the first decade of its existence, Harrison Consoles produced a series of popular consoles for the film, music, broadcast TV markets. In 1975 the company introduced its first product, the Harrison 3232, and the first 32 series product. This was followed by the PP-1 film console, the MR-2, MR-3, and MR-4 music recording consoles, the TV-3, TV-4 broadcast consoles, the HM-5 live console, the Raven music recording console, and the Air-7/Pro-7 broadcast and production consoles. These fully analog console designs continued into the 1990s, while the digital revolution was taking place. During this period of rapid digital development, Harrison still continued to produce analog consoles (often with some digital elements) such as the AIR 790/PRO 790 broadcast and production consoles, AP-100 on-air production console, the MR-20 music console, the industry workhorse TV-950 and Pro-950 production consoles, and finally the TV5.1 surround-capable broadcast console.
In 1985 Harrison introduced its SeriesTen, the world’s first totally mixer with console automation. The SeriesTen used only 3 knobs above each channel strip to "page" between various functions of the console. By separating the knob from the actual audio signal, it was possible to instantly save and recall the settings of the console, without mechanically turning the knobs on the surface. At the time this was unheard of, but it has now become a ubiquitous feature of every digital console on the market. Perhaps proving that the SeriesTen was ahead of its time, many SeriesTen console were still in use in 2009.
ABBA produced all their hits on their Harrison console at Polar Studios. The "a capella" introduction to Kansas' "Carry On Wayward Son" was recorded from Harrison console preamps directly to tape. Throughout the 1980s, seminal music works were mixed on Harrison consoles: Michael Jackson's "Thriller" and "Bad" albums were both mixed on a Harrison console by Bruce Swedien. Janet Jackson's "Rhythm Nation" was mixed on a Harrison SeriesTen, And Sade's album "Promise" and her prior hit song "Smooth Operator" were recorded and mixed on a Harrison console.
In 1989 Harrison Systems was acquired by GLW Incorporated. GLW's first product introduction was the release of the SeriesTenB, an updated version of the SeriesTen utilizing a powerful Mac-based automation system coupled with new video interactive graphics for display of console information and the control of console functions through the use of an interactive video screen. The company's technological advances accelerated in the 1990s as additional resources were dedicated to research and development. The first fruits of these efforts was the introduction in 1992 of the fully automated Harrison MPC (Motion Picture Console) followed shortly thereafter by the debut of its sister console, the fully automated Harrison SeriesTwelve.
The Series10 technology was advanced in a follow-up product for film, the MPC. The MPC was a control surface that remotely controlled the audio processing racks. This separation of the control surface from the audio racks allowed the audio processing racks to be placed in the machine rooms, thus allowing for sleeker, cooler, and more acoustic-friendly control surface designs tailored to fit the needs and applications of each individual user. Additional technologies such as automated, motorized joysticks and advanced monitoring features were also incorporated into the MPC.
The Harrison SeriesTenB with its new automation system and interactive video graphics was recipient in 1991 of the coveted Mix Foundation Technical Achievements Award for Console Technology, the TEC Award. Shortly thereafter, the first MPC was installed at Sony Pictures in Hollywood in 1992, the first truly fully automated large format film re-recording console. The MPC was designed in a tight collaboration with Jeff Taylor, chief engineer at Sony Pictures, and many film and post-production mixers. The ongoing relationship between Harrison and Sony Pictures Post Production Facilities in Hollywood has resulted in the purchase of thirteen massive, fully automated MPC consoles by Sony.
During the late 1990s there was a clear demand for a digital processing engine which could satisfy the need for increased channel counts that were becoming possible with new digital production techniques. Harrison developed the digital. engine, a powerful DSP mixing and routing engine that could provide 768 fully resourced channels and thousands of input and output signals. The digital. engine was designed to retrofit existing analog MPC or Series12 consoles with a new digital backend. Many Harrison customer upgraded their existing consoles to the new engine because it was cost effective and did not incur the "down time" of replacing an entire console.
Harrison continued its technological advancements and was awarded another TEC Award in 1999, this time for Outstanding Technical Achievement in Sound Reinforcement Console Technology. This award was granted to the Harrison LPC (Live Performance Console). The LPC console was co-developed with touring sound company Showco to create a no-compromise sound reinforcement console. Taking advantage of Harrison's digitally controlled-analog technology, and a newly developed IKIS automation engine, the LPC was designed with motorized potentiometers for every console parameter. Similar to Harrison's motorized joysticks, the motorized potentiometers allowed the user of the console to work in an intuitive way, while providing all the benefits of digital surfaces such as instant recall.
In 2000, Harrison was awarded a patent for their use of automated, motorized panning joysticks. This technology has been licensed to other console manufacturers.
During the early 2000s, increasingly complicated audio productions drove the adoption of TFT screens into the meter bridges of digital consoles. Harrison developed linux-based TFT screens that simultaneously show EQ curves, panning, auxes, metering, bus assignments and dynamics. In addition, a new PreView waveform technology was developed for the screens. This technology allows users to see cues before and after they happen, much like the waveform views on a workstation. This feature was incorporated into the MPC4-D. The MPC4-D has been adopted by premiere film dubbing stages around the world, such as Universal Studios (Hollywood), CinePostproduction (Munich), MosFilm (Moscow), Shree Balaji (Mumbai), and Deluxe (Toronto).
Many international blockbuster films have been mixed on Harrison Consoles: "Transformers" 1 and 2, "Spider-Man" 1 through 3, "Jurassic Park", "Pearl Harbor", "Harry Potter", "The Passion of the Christ" and "Amélie" are some examples. Television shows "The Simpsons", "24", and are mixed on a Harrison console.
In 2004, a new cost-effective version of the Series12 multi-purpose console surface was developed: the Trion. The Trion uses Universal Serial Bus (USB) connectivity and other non-proprietary hardware. The Air24 was also developed using the same technology for on-air radio broadcast. The new smaller surfaces needed a smaller processing engine, so the Xrange native processing system was developed for use in all Harrison products. The Xrange uses Linux and off-the-shelf computers instead of the proprietary systems common to previous-generation consoles. A Harrison console system is made up by the combination of an application-specific console surface (MPC, Trion or Air24), along with a processing engine (Xrange), and an automation computer (IKIS). Each of the three pieces (surface, processing, and automation) are updated regularly by Harrison to accommodate new technologies.
Harrison has adopted Linux as the underlying technology for all of their products. The automation system, console surfaces, DSP processing, and audio routing all incorporate Linux at some level. Harrison has also collaborated with open-source developers on their Xdubber and Harrison Mixbus products which is based on the Ardour open-source workstation.
Selected Users.
Music <br>
Westlake Audio Studios - Michael Jackson 'Thriller'<br>
Rusk studios - The Runaways, Village People, Donna Summer, Laura Brannigan, Elton John <br>
Flyte Tyme - Janet Jackson 'Rhythm Nation'<br>
Power Plant - Sade, Fine Young Cannibals<br>
Polar (Stockholm) -ABBA, Led Zeppelin, Genesis<br>
Musicland Studios (Munich) - Giorgio Moroder, Queen, ELO, Rolling Stones<br>
Amigo, Image<br>
TheEndStudios (Lund Sweden) Billy Cobham, Big Elf, The Knife, Hoffmaestro, Thåstöm, Bob Hund, Bergman Rock, Calle Real,
Film & Post<br>
Sony Pictures Entertainment - Pearl Harbor, Spiderman series, Transformers series, The Simpsons<br>
Universal Studios -U-571, Law and Order<br>
MosFilm (Moscow)<br>
ARRI (Munich)<br>
CinePostproduction (Munich)<br>
Shree Balaji Studio (Mumbai) <br>

</doc>
<doc id="5926921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926921" title="Weight of the World">
Weight of the World

Weight of the World may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926926" title="Rollei 35">
Rollei 35

The Rollei 35 is a 35mm miniature viewfinder camera built by Rollei. The original Rollei 35, when introduced at Photokina in 1966, was the smallest existing 135 film camera. Still today, the Rollei 35 series remain the second smallest 35 mm camera after the Minox 35. In 30 years, about 2 million Rollei 35 series cameras were manufactured. The Rollei 35 is today manufactured by DHW Fototechnik, the successor of Franke & Heidecke as small-batch production. The current version is the Rollei 35 Classic, an updated Rollei 35 SE.
Technical Development.
Preliminary Thoughts.
In about 1960, when the first subminiature cameras for 16 mm film came to market, Heinz Waaske, chief engineer of German camera maker Wirgin, proposed that the purchasers of the 16 mm subminiature cameras, or even the half-frame Olympus Pen 35 mm cameras, were motivated not by the tiny film format but the size of the cameras. After having already engineered and designed the 16 mm Wirgin Edixa 16 as well as 35 mm single-lens-reflex cameras, he now set out to build a 35 mm camera in a housing only one third of the volume of the viewfinder cameras of the time.
Design of First Prototype.
In his spare time, working in his own living room, Waaske made the first technical drawings of the camera in 1962, with prototypes made by Wirgin.
Lens.
The three-element 40mm/f3.5 Cassar lens was sourced from Steinheil.
Housed within a sliding tube, the lens retracts into the camera body when not in use.
Shutter.
Because of the limited radius of available space around the fully insertable lens, the use of the normal central shutter was impossible. Therefore Waaske proposed a new type of shutter, which was separated into two functional parts. The shutter controlling clockworks were mounted unmovable in the camera body, while the shutter lamellas were mounted in the movable sliding tube. The separate parts were mechanically coupled by shafts. Only when the shutter was cocked and therefore the lamellas were uncoupled, the sliding tube could be inserted into the housing.
Film Compartment.
Waaske filed patents for the shutter construction as well as the space-saving, film-guiding five sprocket wheel. This design deviated from the normal construction that advanced the film with a six sprocket wheel.
Another difference to the conventional design was the cocking lever. On the Rollei 35, the lever is located at the top left and the film rewinding crank at the bottom right of the camera body (instead of the cocking lever being at the top right and the rewind crank at the top left). The cartridge sits in the right side of the camera and correspondingly the exposures lay "upside down" on the film, reflected by the inverted position of the film inscriptions (type, frame numbers) of under/over landscape pictures. To change the film, the back must be slid downwards and removed fully, which was very uncommon among German and European cameras, which usually had a hinged door.
Light Meter.
For the shutter-coupled exposure meter of the prototype camera, Waaske selected a selenium cell powered meter from Metrawatt. The manually adjusted exposure control remained unchanged in later models of Rollei 35.
On the way to mass production.
When Heinz Waaske finally presented the fully functional new camera prototype to his employer, Heinrich Wirgin said: "So you have wasted time on your own construction in my prototyping workshop?!". It was not until that moment, that Wirgin told his chief engineer that he had already decided to end camera production and photo equipment business.
Looking for new employment, Waaske presented his compact camera to Dr. Ludwig Leitz and to Kodak, but to no avail. In January 1965 Waaske started working for Rollei in Braunschweig (Brunswyck). Only in March 1965 Rollei's managing director, Dr. Peesel, accidentally got a first glimpse of his new employee's tiny prototype camera. Filled with enthusiasm, Dr. Peesel decided that the camera should immediately be further developed by Waaske for mass production, but, using only parts of Rollei's suppliers. Waaske's little camera was presented at "Photokina" in 1966 as "Rollei 35", with a better lens – the Zeiss Tessar 3.5/40mm lens, a state-of-the-art Gossen CdS-exposure meter and a precision-made diaphragm shutter made by Compur, using Waaske's patented shutter design.
The Rollei 35 standard model.
Development.
The camera had to be converted to use parts from Rollei's suppliers, as Rollei did not maintain business relations with Metrawatt and Steinheil. A high-quality Tessar lens was made by Zeiss. Rollei's light meter supplier was Gossen. Whether to use either a photovoltaic selenium sensor or a CdS photoresistor, was finally decided in August in favour of the CdS. Gossen named the same measuring range for both solutions. A selenium-cell powered light meter was cheaper in production and did not need a battery. However, the much smaller CdS-photoresistor improved the stylish look of the camera, the battery powered light-meter was more shock-resistant, and the "CdS technology" could be used as a selling point in advertising.
The housing needed to be changed just slightly, since Waaske unknowingly had adopted the appearance of Rollei's twin-lens reflex cameras, by placing the exposure time and aperture controls to the right and to the left side of the lens. Nevertheless Rollei's designer Ernst Moeckl revised the housing, and by changing the edge radius made the camera body even smaller.
For the mercury battery PX 13 (= PX 625 = MR 9) of the light meter, a place was found inside the camera housing. The film rewind knob of the engineering model was exchanged for a rewind crank, and a hot shoe was added for mounting an electronic flash at the base plate. Placing the hot shoe on top of the camera was not feasible because of the underlying exposure meter and
transmission gear. Mounting the hot shoe at the frame cover would likely cause damage when using one of the heavy flash lights of that time. Therefore, for a natural lighting shade, the camera had to be turned upside down, when using a flash, to get the light source above the lens. The projected name for the camera was at first to be the "Rollei "privat"", which even was the engraving on the final draft in March 1966. But in April 1966, when Dr. Peesel decided to designate all Rollei cameras according to the applied film format, the designation became Rollei 35.
Mass production started in July 1966. The first ads showed cameras with release bolting devices and battery test keys. The first proved to be redundant, since with the lens inserted the camera could not be released anyway. The latter feature was dropped, for reasons of reliability – electrical contacts could easily fail. The voltage of the mercury battery dropped so rapidly at the end of the battery's life that it would be hard to obtain a wrong exposure. Likewise a switch for the exposure meter was also dropped. The exposure meter was always on, even with the lens inserted. Enclosed in the darkness of the camera bag, practically no current drained from the battery, which therefore remained usable for many years.
Focusing.
The focusing distance had to be estimated with all Rollei 35 cameras. But at the time of the Rollei 35's introduction most contemporary viewfinder cameras did not have a rangefinder either. However, to take full advantage of the exceptionally sharp lens of the Rollei 35, a precise range adjustment was desirable. Therefore, around 1970, Rollei thought of adding a rangefinder to the camera. But there was simply not enough room left in the camera housing for an integrated rangefinder. Remembering that an external rangefinder mechanism with a turning prism was used in Zeiss Ikon Super Ikontas and Contessas, some designs were made. But as the production shift to Singapore was in progress at that time it used up any surplus capacity for innovations, and this idea was abandoned.
Made in Germany.
Following the preproduction run of 50 pieces, 200 cameras were made for use as advertising and testing samples. After 900 pieces of the regular models had been built by the end of 1966, in 1967 each month 1000 cameras were produced. Until August 1967 all Rollei 35 cameras got the unusual signature "Made in Germany by Rollei – Compur – Gossen – Zeiss", but from then on it became "Made in Germany by Rollei".
Further deviations from the first production year were the plastic take-up reel and film rewind bearing, V-shaped grasp for the bottom lock and anti-twist plate for the film cartridge.
In September 1968 a special lens cement prevented the previous UV permeability of the Tessar. A variant with a dark-green leather covering was rejected by the sales department, not wanting additional models just 2 years after the sales start. Another prototype with blank adjusting wheels from anodized aluminum proved too expensive to manufacture, however.
Made in Singapore.
With the establishment of the production plant, preparations began for the immediate shift of the Rollei 35 production to Singapore. Since there were no suppliers in Singapore, all parts had to be manufactured there by Rollei or imported from Japan or Europe. The cameras received the engraving "Made by Rollei Singapore". Now licenced lens production ("Made by Rollei") was used instead of the original Zeiss lenses, as well as Nissei exposure meters and Copal leaf shutters (both Japanese manufacturers). The retail price fell continuously because of low labor costs. This did not continue to be a noticeable advantage however, because of reduction in the cost of competing cameras, but unlike Rollei, through increasing use of electronics. The Rollei operation in Singapore closed down in 1981.
Entry Level Models.
Rollei B 35 and C 35.
Preceded by two "concept studies", the entry-level model with a triplet lens, the Zeiss Triotar f 3.5 / 40 mm, hit the market in October 1969. Initially, for the first concept study, Compur was asked for a simplified shutter with a limited timing range of 1/30 sec to 1/125 sec, which, however, was not cheap enough for an effective reduction in production cost.
Therefore the first concept study got an immovable lens tube. The original movable sliding tube was one of the most expensive parts, because it had to be precisely manufactured on a lathe for a light tight fitting. The second concept study retained the sliding tube for the lens, but used a selenium light meter. A light meter for the accessory shoe was assigned to be built by Gossen in early 1968, but finally an uncoupled light meter was integrated in the camera housing.
The camera received the designation Rollei B 35, with the "B" indicating the light meter (German: Belichtungsmesser), a slightly cheaper model, omitting the light meter, was called Rollei C 35 for compact camera. Naturally, the innards of the camera were simplified by using more plastic parts. The control wheels on the camera body were replaced by a more conventional aperture control at the lens tube, and the control wheel for exposure time was placed at the sliding tube base on the body. Thus, the fully inserted lens protruded a bit more from the camera body, than in the previous model. Both of these models offered a shutter timing range from 1/30 sec to 1/500 sec and an aperture range from f/3.5 to f/22. The focusing range reaches from 3 feet (0.9m) to infinity. Two pairs of dots on the lens barrel indicate the depth-of-field for f/8 and f/16. The so-called Zeiss formula was inspired by this camera.
Especially for the North American market, a special edition with an artificial leather covering in traffic-red, yellow-orange, deer-brown, steel-blue and white was produced, counting 100 items for each color. But as these test samples did not cause much interest, they were not quoted in any price list.
Rollei 35 B.
In 1976 the "Rollei B 35" was renamed as "Rollei 35 B" without any further modification, to better conform to the Rollei designation scheme.
Rollei 35 LED.
Without its own development department, the Singapore production facility asked Rollei Germany for permission to make a redesign of the Rollei 35 B. The uncoupled selenium light meter was replaced by a new electronically coupled light meter, using variable resistors for transferring the aperture and shutter control settings to the light meter. The new designation "Rollei 35 LED" resulted from the three light emitting diodes in the viewfinder, which indicated overexposure, correct exposure, or underexposure. In October 1977 the first datasheet appeared and in January 1978 preproduction started. But the first models suffered from clumsy design of the power switch, which activated the light meter permanently. If the user forgot to switch the camera off, the battery was drained in just 15 hours. Furthermore, the PX-27 battery could be inserted the wrong way, causing damaged electronics. From August 1978 onward an improved model was made, where the light meter was only activated
when the release button was depressed slightly.
Advanced Models.
Rollei 35 S.
Due to its large success, as early as the end of 1967 a luxury and a beginners variant of the Rollei 35 were planned. However, because of the production shift to Singapore, it was not until 1971 that the computation of a five-elements lens was assigned to Zeiss. This Sonnar f 2.8 / 40 mm lens was to be fitted with a front lens focusing control, like the Tessar, providing a similar mounting in the sliding tube. Only the two front lenses were to move when focusing. But, when finished, the lens did not focus sharply enough at close distances, and mass production had to be delayed by a whole year. The project was stopped and Zeiss designed a new lens with focusing control by moving the whole lens. Rollei's chief of development, Richard Weiß, concluded: "We've got into a precarious loss-making situation because of this. The developers have learned that, in the future, they must examine lenses, even if made by Carl Zeiss, with more scepticism." The tools for producing the new shutter
mechanism were built by Prontor, a Zeiss subsidiary company in Calmbach, which had already taken over the manufacturing of the former shutter from Compur (another Zeiss subsidiary).
Rollei 35 T.
When introducing the "Rollei 35 S" the former "Rollei 35" was assigned the new name "Rollei 35 T", without any further changes. A projected denim covered design variant, with an appropriate denim bag, was rejected because the textile covering frayed.
Rollei 35 TE and Rollei 35 SE.
The original design did not have an exposure control in the viewfinder. The camera had to be taken away from the eye view, to observe the needle on the light meter. (This in fact wasn't a real disadvantage, because to focus the user also had to take the camera to the same position. In normal lighting conditions, the exposure settings of a manual camera really only have to be changed after ten minutes or so, or when changing location. Nevertheless an exposure control display in the viewfinder was considered very early at Rollei, but an analog display was discarded for limited space reasons, and light emitting diodes were not available at the time.) So not until summer of 1979 were the "Rollei 35 TE" and "Rollei 35 SE" released to the market. As the electronic exposure meter needed more power, a larger battery, of type PX-27 with 5.6 volts, was placed where the former instrument movement was mounted, The electronic circuit was built into the former battery compartment. Unlike the Rollei 35 LED the
shutter position and aperture control settings were transferred, without any electrical contact wear and tear, using a differential gear turning a variable density filter in front of the CdS light sensor. The release button activated the light meter, when slightly depressed. Three LEDs in the viewfinder indicate the correct exposure. This system worked perfectly, yet earlier models are more in demand today.
Use of the Rollei 35 Today.
The Rollei 35, Rollei 35 S and Rollei 35 T use a MR-9 mercury-battery with 1.35 volts, which is no longer produced due to environmental considerations. But there are alternatives available. A zinc-air cell also provides 1.35 volts, yet with a limited usage time of 1 to 6 months after first activation depending on the design of the cell. Otherwise the light meter may be adjusted for use of mercury-free silver-oxide batteries. Without adjusting, the higher voltage of 1.55 volts would lead to overexposure by 2 to 3 aperture steps. An adapter to fit the smaller silver-oxide battery to the battery compartment is required. The closest one in size to the original MR-9 would be SR-44. Alkaline batteries such as the LR-9 a.k.a. PX 625U can not be used, since alkaline cells do not provide constant voltage and will lead to underexposure after becoming half-depleted. An other option is the adaption of the camera for 1,5 V batteries by a Rollei work shop.

</doc>
<doc id="5926934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926934" title="Blue people">
Blue people

Blue people may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5926955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926955" title="Carlton Lassiter">
Carlton Lassiter

Detective Carlton Jebediah Lassiter MCJ is a fictitious character in the American dramedy "Psych" played by Timothy Omundson.
Fictional biography.
Carlton Lassiter (born February 22, 1969) is a ten-year veteran of the Santa Barbara Police Department, and the youngest Head Detective ever named to the force. He also has a Masters Degree in Criminology. He has a tense relationship with Shawn Spencer that often leads to hilarious situations. According to Lassiter's blog, which is written by actor Timothy Omundson, he was a close friend of the former Santa Barbara police chief, who led him to enroll in the police academy during a "dangerous point" in Lassiter's youth.
Upon his first appearance in the series pilot, Lassiter is said to be five months into a trial separation from his wife, Victoria, although he later, when drunk, confesses that they have in fact been separated for two years. Part of their marriage troubles appears to stem from a disagreement over the matter of children. Lassiter says his wife believes that he does not want children, although this is not the case. Omundson says that, despite Lassiter's long estrangement from his wife, it would likely be very hard for him to admit that the marriage is over because "that means admitting failure, and Lassiter will never admit to failure." During the pilot, Lassiter is involved in a secret romance with his partner, Detective Lucinda Barry (Anne Dudek); however, soon after Shawn Spencer publicly exposes the nature of their relationship, Barry is transferred and the affair appears to have ended. She is replaced by Junior Detective Juliet O'Hara.
Eventually, Lassiter's wife asks him to dinner, something he thinks points to a reconciliation for them, but in truth she simply wants to give him divorce papers. Saddened but resigned, he signs them, telling her he's going to let go of the past and think of the future without her. She tells him she will never stop loving him, even though they are divorced.
It is revealed in Lassiter's blog that he has a sister, and he has a younger sister named Lauren, who appears in season 5 episode "Dead Bear Walking", played by April Bowlby. Lauren visits Lassiter to film a documentary about police work. After meeting Shawn and Gus, she is impressed by their methods and decides to film them instead, which irritates Lassiter. After seeing Lassiter one-upped by Shawn and Gus again, Lauren shares with them that she looked up to Lassiter when she was growing up, and says that he may not be the man she thought he was after all. With a little help from Shawn, Lassiter is able to solve the case which restores his view in Lauren's eyes. She tells Lassiter that she is proud of him. Other family members include a missing brother who may or may not be in South America, a brother-in-law named Raul, a nephew named Peter, and an overbearing mother who is involved in a lesbian relationship with a black woman named Althea. It has not been revealed if his father is alive or not. In the episode "High Noon(ish)" it is said that Lassiter's mother never had time to take care of him and dropped him off at Old Sonora, a tourist Western town, every weekend. Additionally, it is revealed in the episode "Weekend Warriors" that Lassiter is an avid Civil War buff who actively participates in reenactments.
In the fifth season episode "Not Even Close... Encounters" it is shown that Lassiter has a physical "crap list" from which he removes Shawn's dad Henry. People on the list include Hillary Clinton (twice), Carley Simon , Chris Tucker, Olympia Dukakis, Shawn Spencer, Tyne Daly (with whom Omundson costarred in "Judging Amy"), Rick Sanchez, Marco Sanchez, Mark Sanchez, and many other names including his mother and the "Check out Girl @ the A+P" (may be an old grudge as there are no A+Ps in California anymore). Along with Henry's, some other names are crossed out, which may include Hilary Swank. Henry's name is immediately put back on the list after he is shown it and says Lassiter list "disturbs" him.
Lassiter is a Republican, having punched Shawn in the face when he said that Ronald Reagan was a terrible president (after he refused when Shawn asked him to punch him because he was undercover). He also reveals this by referring to residents of a local commune as "flag burners." He has the theme song of the show "Cops" as his ringtone.
In the sixth season episode "This Episode Sucks", Lassiter meets a woman at a local bar named Marlowe Viccellio. The two actually hit it off, and begin dating soon after. Marlowe is wrapped up in the criminal plot of the episode, and is sent to jail; however, Lassiter touchingly gives her a note stating that he will wait for her for the six to eighteen months that she is in prison. In "Heeeeere's Lassie", he buys a condo for Marlowe and him, since she is almost finished with her prison time. In "Let's Doo-Wop It Again", Marlowe assists him in a case by befriending an incarcerated gang leader, though to win her trust, Marlowe publicly punches Lassiter in the face.
During the 7th season Marlowe gets paroled. Her parole officer is an officer whom Lassiter didn't call back after sleeping with her. She implements rules designed to keep the two apart, including a no non-spousal cohabitation rule. Marlowe moves in with Juliet and Shawn, who are trying to start a life as a couple. The separation (and the strain on Marlowe's roommates) becomes insufferable and the two announce their intent to marry, which they do in the next episode. In Season 8 Episode 2, S.E.I.Z.E. the Day, Marlowe reveals to Lassiter that they are expecting their first child. Lassiter tells a suspect about this, and Shawn, Gus and Juliet overhears. In the episode 'Shawn and Gus Truck Things Up', Marlowe goes into labor and has a baby girl. In the series finale, Shawn is about to confess on a video farewell to not being psychic but Lassiter destroys the disc first, knowing that if he hears it, he will have to arrest Shawn and prosecute him as the lying fraud that he is, and several violent criminals will be released from jail as a result.
Characterization.
He generally distrusts Shawn and does not believe that he is psychic as he claims to be, but has come to have a grudging respect for his investigation skills, something he admits in one episode while drunk. Omundson describes his character's animosity towards Shawn as stemming from the fact that Lassiter has worked hard to climb the chain of command and become good at his job. However, Lassiter is rarely seen to solve cases (though he obviously does frequently, otherwise he would never have achieved his status as head detective), and tends to draw obvious conclusions, when Shawn seeks for a stranger explanation (while also withholding evidence and committing various acts of fraud, aside from outright lying and stealing during investigations), which turns out to be right, though this is almost always only after Shawn accuses various other innocent people of the crime in question. Lassiter can be rather self-involved and thinking he is far more respected than he truly is. In "Extradition: British Columbia," he is on the bust of a master thief he has spent years tracking down but when he gloats, the thief responds he has no idea who Lassiter is. Lassiter is very protective of his partner, Juliet O'Hara, and sees her as a little sister, and even promising during a polygraph (lie detector) examination to physically hurt Shawn if he emotionally hurts O'Hara. Omundson says that while Shawn and Gus' increasing presence in police investigations is a great annoyance to Lassiter, "I think, secretly, he doesn't mind them too much because it always gives him a nice challenge." Overall his entire life seems to revolve around work. Even his casual outfit is what he wears to work, just wearing different shoes.

</doc>
<doc id="5926980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926980" title="Amy Walsh">
Amy Walsh

Amy Heather Walsh (born September 13, 1977) is a former midfielder for the Canada women's national soccer team. Since 1998 she played 102 matches for the national team of Canada. She had attended the University of Nebraska, where she was twice named in the first team (All-Conference) and once in the first-team (All-Central Region). She has played professionally for the Atlanta Beat of Women's United Soccer Association, and also played for the Montreal Xtreme and Laval Comets of the American W-League.
Amy Walsh played her last season in 2009. She gave birth to a child in January 2010. Since then she has not returned with the Laval Comets and Canada’s national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5926989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926989" title="Simon Peter Randolph">
Simon Peter Randolph

Simon Peter Randolph (January 10, 1835 – January 15, 1909) was a pioneer steamboat captain in the Kent Valley near Seattle, Washington. He was born in Logan County, Illinois to Brooks Randolph and Susan Dotson.
His obituary states that he came to Seattle in 1868 and "...was engaged in transporting coal for the Lake Washington Coal Company..."
"In 1871, a new entry joined the growing competition for the White River transportation trade. Captain Simon Peter Randolph had been active in boating on the Duwamish and Black Rivers and Lake Washington since 1868, and was responsible for dredging much of the lower White River, clearing it of many logs and snags."
At first the round trip took four days, gradually he dredged the river clearing it of snags. He also cleared the Black River between its outlet and the Duwamish River.

</doc>
<doc id="5926997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5926997" title="Like Eating Glass">
Like Eating Glass

"Like Eating Glass" is a song by Bloc Party from their debut album "Silent Alarm". It is the first track on the album. The song is one of their most popular amongst fans. The lyrics, as is typical of the band's early work, are poetic and ambiguous, and deal with feelings of being "completely disoriented" in failing relationships. A fan-made music video for the song was uploaded to YouTube and received over 500,000 views. The Black Strobe remix was released as a split single with The Futureheads by Oxfam. The song was also featured on the playlist of Tony Hawk's American Wasteland.
Remixes.
There are two remixes of the song. A remix by Ladytron was commissioned for Bloc Party's remix album "Silent Alarm Remixed".
The Black Strobe Remix was released on a 10" picture disc split single (by Bloc Party & The Futureheads) given away free by T-Mag. It came included with the book The Beat about "the art of rhythm", which included contributions from Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters, Paul Thomson of Franz Ferdinand, Charlie Watts of The Rolling Stones, as well as Matt Tong of Bloc Party & Dave Hyde of The Futureheads. It has Shy Child's remix of the song "Decent Days And Nights" by The Futureheads on side A, with Black Strobe's remix of "Like Eating Glass" on side B. The Black Strobe Remix is available for download from the Bloc Party fan-site www.BlocParty.net.

</doc>
<doc id="5927000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927000" title="Willow Glen Elementary School">
Willow Glen Elementary School

Willow Glen Elementary School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927009" title="Stuart Collection">
Stuart Collection

The Stuart Collection is a collection of public art on the campus of the University of California, San Diego. Founded in 1983, the Stuart Collection's goal is to spread commissioned sculpture throughout the campus, including both traditional sculptures and integration with features of the campus such as landscaping and buildings. It is supported by the UCSD Department of Visual Arts, the National Endowment for the Arts, and many other organizations and individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="5927010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927010" title="Lisa Kleypas">
Lisa Kleypas

Lisa Kleypas (born 1964) is a best-selling American author of historical and contemporary romance novels. In 1985, she was named Miss Massachusetts and competed in the Miss America pageant in Atlantic City.
Biography.
Kleypas has always loved to read, especially within the romance genre. She began writing her own romance novels during her summer breaks from studying political science at Wellesley College, Her parents agreed to support her for a few months after her graduation so that she could finish her latest manuscript. Approximately two months later, at age 21, Kleypas sold her first novel.
At approximately the same time, the 5'2" Kleypas was named Miss Massachusetts. During her competition at the Miss America pageant, Kleypas sang a song she had written, earning her a "talented nonfinalist" award.
Kleypas has been a full-time romance writer since selling that first book. Her novels have ranked high on major best-seller lists, sold millions of copies around the globe and have been translated into fourteen different languages.
In October 1998, Kleypas's Texas home flooded within a matter of hours after heavy rains inundated their town. She and her family lost everything except the clothes they were wearing and her purse. Within days,her colleagues at Avon sent boxes of clothes and books to help the family recover. For Kleypas, though, the defining moment was the after the flood, when she and her mother (whose home had also flooded), made a quick trip to the store to purchase toothbrushes, clean clothes, and other necessities. Separately, each of them had also chosen a romance novel, a necessity to them in helping them escape the stress they were currently under. To Kleypas, this realization validated her decision to write romance novels instead of more literary works.
Though primarily known for her historical romance novels, Kleypas made an announcement in early 2006 concerning her momentary departure from historical romances to delve into the contemporary romance genre. She does plan to write historical romances again in the future.
Lisa lives in Washington with her husband, Gregory, and their two children.
Bibliography.
Many of Kleypas's works are arranged into series. However, even books in different series often have common elements, such as the Westcliffs, Mrs. Bradshaw, Jenner's, "Mathilda", and the Wallflowers.

</doc>
<doc id="5927037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927037" title="Helicopter (disambiguation)">
Helicopter (disambiguation)

A helicopter is an aircraft which is lifted and propelled by one or more horizontal rotors.
Helicopter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927050" title="Juliet O'Hara">
Juliet O'Hara

Head Detective Juliet Lynn "Jules" O'Hara is a character on the American comedy "Psych" played by Maggie Lawson. She attended the University of Miami.
Fictional biography.
Juliet O'Hara first appears undercover in the show's second episode, "Spellingg Bee", as a recently transferred junior detective from Miami Beach where she attended the University of Miami, replacing Lucinda Barry as Head Detective Carlton Lassiter's partner. Born in 1981, she was raised in a family of brothers and is shown to be close with both her parents and her siblings. Although she is initially frustrated by her coworkers not taking her seriously enough due to her relatively young age, as the series progresses she is given more responsibility, being left in charge in the absence of Lassiter and then Interim Chief Karen Vick. She has grown more assertive with her partner, and actors Maggie Lawson and Timothy Omundson (who plays Lassiter) both suggest that a strange mutual respect has developed between them.
Juliet seems to present a gentle counterpoint to Lassiter's gruff, rigid style. She reminds her partner repeatedly to "be sensitive" with the media, the victims, and the witnesses of their cases. Unlike Lassiter, she is friendly with Shawn Spencer and more willing to work with him and Burton Guster. Lawson says that, although Juliet is bemused by Shawn at first, she has slowly gained respect for him and by the second season, Juliet reveals a "very friendly, comfortable relationship". The actress says she thinks that, despite some skepticism, Juliet does believe that Shawn is psychic. By the end of the fifth season, Shawn and Juliet are romantically involved. By the middle of the sixth season, Shawn is ready for marriage.
Her older brother Ewan, played by John Cena, is an army soldier whom she had to arrest when he attempted to murder an actual killer to protect the army. Ewan was supposed to go to prison but his high level bosses made him vanish. Juliet claims Ewan was the reason she became a cop, that him joining the military gave her enough confidence to join the police force. Her estranged con artist father Frank O'Hara is played by William Shatner.
She seems to be Irish-Scots
Relationship with Shawn Spencer.
Season One
Season Two
Season Three
Season Four
Season Five
Season Six
Season Seven
Season Eight

</doc>
<doc id="5927065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927065" title="A647 road">
A647 road

The A647 is an A road in West Yorkshire, England that begins in Leeds and ends in Halifax. The road is approximately 18 miles (30 km) long. 
The road begins at the Armley Gyratory and goes via Armley, by-passes Stanningley and Pudsey, then onwards via Thornbury and then to the edge of Bradford city centre.
The road then becomes part of the Bradford's Inner Ring Road ("Croft Street") before heading through Great Horton and up to Queensbury ( above sea level) before heading down hill via Boothtown to Halifax town centre.
Stanningley bypass.
The road is a stretch of dual carriageway in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was built to ease traffic congestion along Stanningley Road, forming part of the Leeds Outer Ring Road. 
It is notable for the fact that it had Britain's first High Occupancy Vehicle Lane (HOV lane). 

</doc>
<doc id="5927066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927066" title="Alaskan Coalition of Student Leaders">
Alaskan Coalition of Student Leaders

The Alaskan Coalition of Student Leaders, known at Alaskan universities simply as the Coalition of Student Leaders or CSL, is a collection of student leaders from across Alaska that discuss and implement the actions necessary to ensure fair treatment of students in a variety of different categories.
Mission statement.
The purpose of the Coalition of Student Leaders is to serve as an advocate for students and constantly strive to maintain an environment for efficient and cohesive expression of student opinion.
The Coalition of Student Leaders will encourage and enhance the communication between the branches of Alaska's higher educational systems and will foster channels of communication among students, faculty, administrators, staff, legislators, and community.
The Coalition of Student Leaders is dedicated to ascertaining and promoting the educational needs, general welfare and rights of students.
The Coalition of Student Leaders will serve all students equally, regardless of age, gender, race, color, national origin, religion, creed, handicap, social status, economic background, veteran status, political affiliation, and/or sexual orientation.
Governance Style.
The Coalition of Student Leaders meetings are headed by a Speaker and assisted by a Pro-Temp a majority vote of the member governances is necessary for most all actions and changes to the charter must be ratified by 2/3 of the member governances.

</doc>
<doc id="5927070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927070" title="Kiwi Black">
Kiwi Black

Kiwi Black is a mutant from Marvel Comics. His first appearance was in "Uncanny X-Men #429".
Character Biography.
Little is known about the past of Kiwi Black, apart from that his mother is from Ruatoki, New Zealand, and his father, Azazel, seduced her. Because of this Kiwi Black is the half-brother of Nightcrawler and Abyss.
The name Kiwi Black is in reference to his mother's homeland New Zealand, Kiwi - indigenous bird of New Zealand, it is also common for New Zealanders to refer to themselves as Kiwis. The "Black" is in reference to the names of New Zealand sports teams the most popular being the All Blacks Rugby team. Others include the Tall Blacks (basketball) Black Sticks (hockey) the Black Caps (cricket).
He was a mutant bred by Azazel to help him transport his army to Earth from the hellish dimension they had been trapped in. However after he survived a summoning ritual (one of three to survive) meant to free Azazel's army, he started secretly operating within Azazel's castle to free the X-Men. Kiwi rejected his father’s influence, and allied himself with the X-Men in order to eliminate Azazel’s army. In the process, he decapitated one of Azazel's thugs and gained respect from Nightcrawler.
Decimation/M-Day.
After M-Day, it was revealed that Kiwi Black was among the many mutants depowered, as listed by S.H.I.E.L.D., alongside his half-brother Abyss.
Powers and abilities.
Kiwi Black can focus bio-energy through his body to increase the potency of his physical attacks as well as his already impressive strength from his natural physical build. His energy-empowered attacks are so powerful because of his ability to release energy at the point of contact, which enhances his strength to the point where he can break through boulders with his bare hands or create a gigantic crater by simply kicking the ground. His creator Chuck Austen has described these attacks as "being hit with a sledgehammer shot out of a cannon at 220 MPH".
By using this method of energy transference as well as others he has developed, Kiwi Black is able to use his energy to affect the surrounding area or another person. He can touch someone and use intricate combinations of his energy and theirs to cause internal malfunctions in the person, such as heart failure or even scrambled superpowers. By slamming his fist into the ground, he can direct energy through it to make a pillar of rock/spikes rise up.

</doc>
<doc id="5927095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927095" title="Banquet (disambiguation)">
Banquet (disambiguation)

A banquet is a large public meal or feast complete with main courses and desserts.
Banquet may also refer to:
The Banquet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927104" title="Karen Vick">
Karen Vick

Karen C. Vick (née Dunlap) is a character on the American comedy detective drama "Psych" played by Kirsten Nelson.
Fictional biography.
According to Head Detective Carlton Lassiter's weblog, Vick replaced Police Chief John Fenich upon his retirement about a month prior to Shawn's arrival at the SBPD in the pilot episode. However, in "Poker? I Barely Know Her", she references an event known as "The Secret Santa Debacle of 2005", suggesting that she has been involved in the Santa Barbara Police Department in some capacity at least since December of that year. Vick's relationship with Lassiter seems strained by the fact that she is "an outsider" who was chosen by "the powers that be in City Hall" to take the position over "someone from within our own ranks." Vick's decision to allow a self-proclaimed psychic so far into official police investigations has done little to assuage Lassiter's misgivings. Eventually, Lassiter's attitude towards both Shawn and Vick soothed.
On her way to non-lethal weapons training with Lassiter, Vick's water broke and Lassiter rushed her to a hospital where she gave birth to a daughter in Shawn vs. the Red Phantom (1.08).
Because Nelson was pregnant during the filming of the pilot episode and gave birth shortly thereafter, for continuity she had to wear a fake pregnancy prosthesis for several of the following episodes.
For Seasons 1 and 2, her position as Police Chief was described as 'Interim.' At the end of Season 2, Vick announced that she would step down because her position as Chief was not solidified by the mayor, but she received a call from the mayor soon after, effectively giving her the position. This was mainly because her replacement had been exposed as an adulterer by Shawn.
She has an older sister in the Coast Guard with whom she has a strained relationship (though they made up since then). This sister once ordered Carlton Lassiter out on a date with her. A name Shawn Spencer gives her as a nickname is, "Chiefie."
At the climax of the season 7 finale, she is suspended from her position as Police Chief for six months, with Harris Trout becoming interim chief. The suspended Chief Vick leaves the group after their goodbyes, exits the station, and goes to pick up her daughter from school for the first time in six months. Harris Trout, portrayed by Anthony Michael Hall, begins making drastic changes, such as Lassiter being demoted from head detective, officer McNab being fired, and Shawn and Gus are told their services will no longer be required by the department.
Vick returns in the Season 8 episode "1967: A Psych Odyssey" where she tells everyone that she has accepted a job as police chief in San Francisco. She asks Juliet to become her head detective, which she accepts. Vick appears in the series finale, reuniting with Shawn and Gus, who have come to San Francisco.
Characterization.
She was impressed by Shawn Spencer's display of psychic-like insight into her police officer's lives after she tried to arrest him for being an accomplice in a series of crimes which were solved with Shawn's tips. She is suspicious of his psychic abilities, but is not above using any tool at her disposal to solve tough cases. In the episode "There Might Be Blood", Shawn starts to have a "vision" about her relationship with her sister, but she quickly tells him not to do it. She did talk to him about the situation, though.

</doc>
<doc id="5927106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927106" title="Barley water">
Barley water

Barley water is a traditional herbal tea in various parts of the world. Drinking boiled grain in water, strained or not, is an ancient practice.
Variations
Barley water has been used as a first baby food, before feeding with barley mush. It is also used as a home remedy for cystitis.
In popular culture.
The Labour politician Josiah Wedgwood is said to have staged a filibuster in Parliament, sustaining himself with barley water and chocolate, in 1913.
In the Tortall books of Tamora Pierce, Beka Cooper asks for barley water or raspberry twilsey (fruit vinegar in water) in bars instead of alcoholic drinks.
In the Disney Film Mary Poppins, the song The Perfect Nanny contains the line "Love us as a son and daughter, and never smell of barley water."
Barley water is frequently referenced in the Jeeves and Wooster series of novels by P.G. Wodehouse, often in contrast to intoxicating liquors.

</doc>
<doc id="5927109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927109" title="Nicholas J. Cull">
Nicholas J. Cull

Nicholas J. Cull (born 1964) is a historian and the director of the Master's in Public Diplomacy program at the Center on Public Diplomacy at the University of Southern California.
Career.
Cull earned both his B.A. and Ph.D. at the University of Leeds. As a graduate, he studied at Princeton University as a Harkness Fellow of the Commonwealth Fund of New York. From 1992 to 1997, he was Lecturer in American History at the University of Birmingham, and from 1997 to 2005, chair in American Studies and Director of the Centre for American Studies at the University of Leicester.
Cull's research and teaching interests are broad and inter-disciplinary, and focus on public diplomacy, the role of advocacy, culture, exchange, broadcasting, and public opinion research in foreign policy. Cull has also worked more broadly on the history of propaganda, film, television and radio history and the role of mass media as a source for historical study. He is best known for detailed historical studies of the institutions behind public diplomacy and for emphasizing the importance of "listening" as a pre-condition for successful public diplomacy.
Cull is the president of the International Association for Media and History, and has worked closely with the British Council's Counterpoint Think Tank. He is also a member of the Public Diplomacy Council and a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. In April 2008, Cull's University of Southern California program was a co-winner of the Benjamin Franklin Award for Public Diplomacy, awarded by the U.S. Department of State. In January 2012, he succeeded Simon Anholt as editor of the "Journal of Place Branding and Public Diplomacy" (published by Palgrave).
Publications.
Both Cull's first book, "Selling War" (Oxford University Press, 1995), and "The Cold War and the United States Information Agency: American Propaganda and Public Diplomacy, 1945–1989" (Cambridge University Press, 2008) were recognized by "" as outstanding academic publications of the year.
Cull is the co-editor of "Propaganda and Mass Persuasion: A Historical Encyclopedia, 1500–present" (2003), which was one of "Book List" magazine's official reference books of the year, and "Alambrista and the U.S.-Mexico Border: Film, Music, and Stories of Undocumented Immigrants" (2004; with David L. Carrasco).
With James Chapman, he has co-authored "Projecting Empire: Imperialism and Popular Cinema" (I.B. Tauris, 2009) and "Projecting Tomorrow: Science Fiction and Popular Cinema" (I.B. Tauris, 2013). His most recent single authored work is "The Decline and Fall of the United States Information Agency: American Public Diplomacy, 1989–2001" (Palgrave, 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="5927113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927113" title="John Louis Mansi">
John Louis Mansi

John Louis Mansi (8 November 1926 – 6 August 2010) was a British television and film actor whose career spanned the years from the early 1950s to the early 1990s. He is best known for his role as Herr Engelbert Von Smallhausen (although in the BBC books he is named as Bobby Cedric von Smallhausen) in the popular BBC sitcom Allo 'Allo!" in seasons 2 to 9. He also appeared in "Department S" (as "Maxime" in the episode "The Treasure of the Costa del Sol", 1969), the "Ripping Yarns" story "Across the Andes By Frog", "The Hammer House of Horror" story "The Thirteenth Reunion", the Beatles' film "Help!", the original version of "The Italian Job" and the film version of "Tales from the Crypt". After 'Allo 'Allo! ended in 1992, he retired from acting. He was often credited as Louis Mansi in his roles. For six years he suffered from Parkinson's disease and in May 2010 was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. His interests included reading, letter writing, animal welfare and watching DVDs/videos of past favourite series/films.

</doc>
<doc id="5927114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927114" title="Black nightshade">
Black nightshade

Black nightshade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927118" title="Japanese mode">
Japanese mode

The Japanese mode is a term for a pentatonic musical scale which is used commonly in traditional Japanese music. The intervals of the scale are major second, minor second, major third, minor second, and major third (for example, the notes A, B, C, E, F and up to A) - the formula would be 1 2 b3 5 b6.
It contains the same notes as the In scale and the Hirajōshi scale.
In addition to being used almost exclusively in traditional Japanese compositions, it is found frequently in video game music and the pieces of contemporary composers such as Anne Boyd.

</doc>
<doc id="5927137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927137" title="Musa Kallon">
Musa Kallon

Musa Kallon (born 8 April 1970, in Kenema, Sierra Leone) is a retired footballer and coach in Sierra Leone. He is the older brother of Sierra Leonean international footballers Mohammed Kallon, and Kemokai Kallon. As a footballer, he played for Vanspor (1994–1995) in Turkey, Sportul Studenţesc (1995–1996) in Romania, PSM Makassar/Ujung Pandang and Persebaya Surabaya (1996–1999) in Indonesia.
International coaching and playing career.
Kallon has capped several times for Sierra Leone and scored two goals in a match against Niger 5-1 in order to qualify Sierra Leone qualify for the 1996 African Cup of Nations in South Africa. He also coached Sierra Leone in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland after winning 2nd place in the African U-17 Championship 2003.
Kallon coached Kallon F.C. to a runners up position in the 2004/2005 League. He fell out with his players, management and his younger brother who later sacked him. In 2005, Kallon was banned for a year after forcefully stopping a league match between Kallon FC and Diamond Stars by letting his daughter sit down in the centre of the field, after the players refused to play under him. 

</doc>
<doc id="5927153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927153" title="Nanjemoy Creek">
Nanjemoy Creek

Nanjemoy Creek is a tidal tributary of the Potomac River in Charles County, Maryland, USA, located between Cedar Point Neck and Tayloe Neck. Its watershed area (excluding water) is , with 2% impervious surface in 1994.
The Nature Conservancy established its Nanjemoy Creek Preserve in 1978, which protects more than in the watershed. There is a large Great Blue Heron rookery located at Nanjemoy Creek.
Blossom Point, a part of Harry Diamond Laboratories, and operated by the U.S. Army, is located on Cedar Point Neck, and unexploded ordnance (UXO) may be present within firing fans, which extend into both Nanjemoy Creek and the Potomac River.
The rural community of Nanjemoy is in the area around Nanjemoy Creek.
Variant names.
The following variant names have been listed on the Geographic Names Information System by the United States Geological Survey.
External links.
~ Nanjemoy Vision Plan 2002-2032

</doc>
<doc id="5927164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927164" title="20th Genie Awards">
20th Genie Awards

The 20th Genie Awards were held in 2000 to honour films released in 1999. The ceremony was hosted by Patrick McKenna.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5927173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927173" title="This Modern Love">
This Modern Love

This Modern Love is a song by Bloc Party from their debut album "Silent Alarm". The remix of the song by Dave Pianka & Adam Sparkle was released as the final promotional single for their remix album "Silent Alarm Remixed" on a white label 12" vinyl in July 2005. It was used in the season 1 finale of TV show How I Met Your Mother.
Track listing.
Digital Download
"Dave P. And Adam Sparkle's Making Time Remix" Promotional 12" vinyl
"Dave P. And Adam Sparkle's Making Time Remix" Digital Download

</doc>
<doc id="5927190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927190" title="Gwernymynydd">
Gwernymynydd

Gwernymynydd (Welsh:Mountain of the Elder Trees) is a small community in the market town of Mold, or Yr Wyddgrug in Flintshire, Wales. At its highest point it is one thousand feet above sea level. With around one thousand inhabitants, it boasts three pubs ("The Swan", "The Rainbow", and "The Glyndwr") and a once-busy garage, now a coach depot, home to Eagles & Crawford. Gwernymynydd is also home to a farm, a community centre, and a village primary school. Neighbouring communities include Cadole, Y Waun (Gwernaffield), Nercwys, and Yr Wyddgrug (Mold).
Brief history.
Little remains of its industrial history; the worked-out Cambrian limestone quarry was once owned by Lever Brothers of Port Sunlight, manufacturers of VIM, a scouring powder made from the silicone sandstone quarried here, which was ideal for the purpose. Lever's took over the Cambrian Works and Quarry in 1905 and stayed for half a century.
Like many villages of the early 20th century, Gwernymynydd had a local benefactor, the Waln family of Fron Hall. Mold Hospital was given by them, some of its modern equipment, including it is thought, an operating table.
Ambrose Waln started a highly successful scout troup for the local boys, providing equipment, kit and premises. The family were generous landlords, and also employed a large household staff, plus agricultural workers.
Following the end of World War I, the Walns, having lost one of their family members in action, were instrumental in having a cenotaph erected in Gwernymynydd, at the site of the old drinking fountain. This was at the roadside between Fron Hall drive and the Twmpath on the Mold-Ruthin road (now the A494). The water for the drinking fountain came from a spring in a field behind it. This water had always been considered pure, long before the days of the fountain. Local people believed that this was not surface water, liable to contamination, but water filtered at its source through the silica rocks above. In order to establish this, quantities of peppermint were put in the mine and sure enough, eventually the spring water tasted of peppermint.
The Village Field, adjacent to the village centre, and now administered by the National Playing Fields Association, was a gift to Gwernymynydd residents from the Waln family.
The original village school, also adjacent to the field, was replaced by a new modern building in the 1950s (now the Village Centre). The old school was sensitively converted into an attractive house. Several features were retained by the family who bought it, including the school bell that hangs near the roof. It is currently used on Remembrance Day, when it is struck eleven times at the start of the service at the War Memorial, (now situated in the grounds of the Centre, having been moved a few years ago for safety reasons. A large stone marks the original site on the A494).

</doc>
<doc id="5927192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927192" title="Mossman, Queensland">
Mossman, Queensland

"For the collection of Horsedrawn Carriages see Mossman Collection"
Mossman is a town and a locality in Far North Queensland, Australia, on the Mossman River. It is within the local government area of Shire of Douglas (between 2008 and 2013, it was within the Cairns Region). In the 2011 census, Mossman had a population of 1,732 people.
Geography.
Mossman is located on the Captain Cook Highway north of the regional city of Cairns, and east of the Mount Carbine Tableland. Mossman Gorge, a popular attraction within Daintree National Park, is located west of town. Sugar cane farming is an important aspect of the local economy, with Mossman Central Mill, the only sugar mill in the district, processing the cane before sending it to Cairns for shipping domestically and internationally.
History.
The district was originally known as Mossman River after the river which flows through it. The Mossman River, in turn, was named by the explorer George Dalrymple on 6 December 1873 after Hugh Mosman who discovered gold in Charters Towers. Dalrymple wrote ""I named this river the Mossman River, after Mossman, an explorer and mining man, member of a very prominent mining family"". The town was also known for a brief time as Hartsville after Daniel Hart, an early settler. Later the name was simplified to "Mossman".
Mossman River Post Office opened by 1895 (a receiving office had been open from 1883) and was renamed Mossman in 1899.
The establishment and subsequent growth of Cairns and the completion of the Cairns Railway up through the Barron Gorge in 1891, gave a more direct gateway to the hinterland but, at this period, it was found that the Mossman district contained suitable land for sugar-growing. The establishment of the sugar mill at Mossman formed the nucleus of the town, which grew at the expense of Port Douglas.
The district was served by two separate 2 foot (610 mm) gauge tramway systems. Both at one time handled passengers and general goods, as well as sugar cane. Mossman district owes its present prosperity to these tramways which pioneered the first reasonable transport in the neighbourhood, for trafficable roads followed later.
During World War II, Mossman was attacked in a Japanese air raid on 31 July 1942. A single flying boat dropped a bomb fell near a house and injured a child.
Education.
Mossman has six primary schools:
in its district and only one high school, Mossman State High School.
Governance.
Prior to 2008, Mossman was the seat of the Shire of Douglas. In 2008, the Shire of Douglas was amalgamated into the Cairns Region, which was administered from both Cairns and Mossman. In 2014, the Shire of Douglas was de-amalgamated.
Sport.
Mossman is rich in sporting clubs such as the Mossman Sharks rugby league club, Coral Coast Judo Club, Douglas United Dragons Football (Soccer) Club, A Basketball League run out of the high school Indoor Sport Centre, and the Port Douglas Crocs AFL club among many others.
Heritage listings.
Mossman has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Past population.
At the 2006 census, Mossman had a population of 1,740.

</doc>
<doc id="5927193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927193" title="Grassy Lick Run">
Grassy Lick Run

Grassy Lick Run is a tributary stream of the North River, itself a tributary of the Cacapon River, making it a part of the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. Grassy Lick Run flows south through the community of Kirby.

</doc>
<doc id="5927194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927194" title="Holyoke Publishing">
Holyoke Publishing

The Holyoke Publishing Company was an American magazine and comic-book publisher with offices in Holyoke, and Springfield, Massachusetts, and New York City, Its best-known comics characters were Blue Beetle and the superhero duo Cat-Man (later rendered as Catman, sans hyphen) and Kitten, all inherited from defunct former clients of Holyoke's printing business.
Holyoke is sometimes confused with companies owned by Frank Z. Temerson, including Helnit, Et-Es-Go, and Continental; with Worth Carnahan's Bilbara Publishing Company; and with Temerson's art director L. B. Cole's packaging clients Narrative Publishers and Aviation Press.
Publication history.
Holyoke Publishing originated with Sherman Bowles, who had taken over his family's Springfield, Massachusetts newspaper dynasty, consisting of "The Republican" and other papers. He entered comic-book publishing through his printing division, which took over two existing titles from Frank Z. Temerson's Helnit Publishing Company: the superhero series "Cat-Man Comics" and the war comics series "Captain Aero Comics". This occurred in late 1941, with comics cover-dated January 1942 and February 1942. Temerson's staff, including artist Charles Quinlan, continued to produce both series. Quinlan had previously partnered with publisher Worth Carnahan in the companies Bilbara Publishing and Hit Publishing, leading them to often be erroneously grouped with Holyoke. Holyoke's next acquisition was the superhero series "Blue Beetle", taking it over from Victor A. Fox's bankrupt Fox Publications beginning with issue #12 (June 1942).
The two titles acquired from Heinit reverted to Temerson's new company Et-Es-Go Magazines (later Continental Magazines) following Holyoke's "Cat-Man Comics" vol. 3, #7, the overall 17th issue, and "Captain Aero Comics" vol. 2, #4, the overall 10th issue (both Jan. 1943). Later that year, Fox won "Blue Beetle" back in a lawsuit; Holyoke's final issue was #30 (Feb. 1944).
By 1949, Holyoke Publishing was based in Springfield, Massachusetts and published "The Open Road for Boys" magazine. Holyoke Publishing leased commercial space at 1475 Broadway in Manhattan in April 1944.
Confusion with Temerson titles.
Because of incomplete documentation of the early days of the American comic book, some sources misstate Holyoke's role. One common resource, for example, erroneously refers to Holyoke "imprints including Et-Es-Go Mags, Continental Magazines, Helnit Publishing Co. and Tem Publishing Co." The book "The Comic Book in America" erroneously states that Holyoke "entered the comic-book superhero business with "Crash Comics" (May 1940)...", though "Crash Comics Adventures" was a Temerson title predating Holyoke. That book also erroneously claims Temerson as the Holyoke founder, writing, "Temerson also changed his company's name to Holyoke Publishing," and additionally claims, "By 1943, Holyoke was known as Continental Publishing." Howard Keltner's "Golden Age Comic Index 1935-1955 (Revised Edition)" groups Bilbara, Tem, Helnit, Et-Es-Go, Narrative Publishers and Aviation Press with Holyoke. Narrative and Aviation were both clients of Temerson's art director, L. B. Cole, giving their publications a similar look
As well, notes the standard reference the Grand Comics Database, the Bilbara Publishing Company, one of publisher Worth Carnahan's companies, "has often been erroneously tied to Holyoke and to Frank Z. Temerson's companies because Charles Quinlan was involved in this and other Carnahan ventures, and took the character name 'Volton' (but not any other aspect of the character) with him to Helnit/Holyoke. Also, Bilbara's "Cyclone Comics" (featuring a character called Tornado Tom) appeared at the same time that one of Temerson's earlier companies produced "Whirlwind Comics" (featuring a character called Cyclone)."
Creators.
Among comics creators who did some of their earliest work at Holyoke are Joe Kubert, on features starring Volton, Flagman and Alias X for "Cat-Man Comics" and "Captain Aero Comics". Dan Barry drew the Hood and Tiger Squadron. Carmine Infantino drew "Hell's Angels", a war series, for "Sparkling Stars".
Sherman Bowles.
Sherman Hoar Bowles was the scion of three generation of men named Sam Bowles who ran the Springfield, Massachusetts newspaper "The Republican" and other periodicals from 1797 to 1919, when Sherman took the reins. His mother, Elizabeth Hoar, of Concord, Massachusetts, was the Beth of Louisa May Alcott's novel "Little Women". Bowles attended Springfield High School; Phillips Academy, in Andover, Massachusetts; and Harvard, from which he graduated in 1912 after having served as business manager of "The Harvard Crimson". After working a year at "The Republican", he spent two years as circulation manager of the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania "Public Ledger", then two years with the "Springfield Daily News", his family's weekday-evening paper. After two years with the US Marine Corps during World War I, he became publisher of his family newspapers, which also included the "Morning Union", and Sunday's "The Springfield Union and Republican".
Bowles later also became an official of the Atlas Tack Company in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, and the Longchamps and Buffet Exchange restaurant chains, and held interests in Bell Aircraft, the Reo Motors, Inc., the Bowles Agawam Airport in Agawam, Massachusetts, and Western Union, as well as Alliance Manufacturing of Alliance, Ohio. He eventually turned over his holdings to a beneficial trust for his 500 newspaper employees.
Bowles died March 3, 1952, age 61, or 62 (accounts differ), after suffering a heart attack in a friend's apartment while in New York City on business; after being treated by a physician, he returned to his own apartment at 201 East 47th Street where a building superintendent found him dead the following morning. He was survived by wife Esther Johnson Bowles, with whom he had sons Francis T. and John, and daughters Elizabeth and Amy. A cousin of the siblings was Chester Bowles, a governor of Connecticut and ambassador to India.
Titles.
Comic books
Uncertain: 

</doc>
<doc id="5927207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927207" title="Luno">
Luno

Luno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927218" title="Marco Rito-Palomares">
Marco Rito-Palomares

Marco Antonio Rito Palomares PhD, born April 1966 in Salina Cruz, Oaxaca, Mexico, he graduated in 1987 with a BSc in Food-Biochemical Engineering at Instituto Tecnológico de La Paz, B.C.S. In 1989, he also earned a MSc in Chemical Engineering at Tecnológico de Monterrey.
Earned his PhD in Chemical Engineering at University of Birmingham in 1995. After working as a Postdoctoral researcher in Centre for Bioprocess Engineering at University of Birmingham and University of Cambridge, he returned to Tecnológico de Monterrey as Full Professor of Bioprocess Engineering at the Centre for Biotechnology.
Marco Rito-Palomares has been honored with the Jubilee Award 2003 granted by the International Foundation for Science (IFS).
Rómulo Garza Award 2002, maximum research award of Tecnológico de Monterrey.
He is Member of the Scientific Committee of the International Foundation for Science (IFS), the prestigious Academia Mexicana de Ciencias and President of the Mexican Society of Biotechnology and Bioengineering, Nuevo León State Section.
See also.
List of Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education faculty

</doc>
<doc id="5927220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927220" title="Compliments (Band of Horses song)">
Compliments (Band of Horses song)

"Compliments" is the first single from Band of Horses' third album "Infinite Arms", which was released in April 2010. It failed to chart, but was a radio hit, particularly in Seattle, WA where the band formed.
Reception.
"The Seattle Times" said that "Compliments" "has a faint whisper of country-disco" in a generally negative review of "Infinite Arms." However, "The Daily World" said that "Compliments" was one of the stand-out tracks on "Infinite Arms".

</doc>
<doc id="5927221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927221" title="Vittorio Baldini">
Vittorio Baldini

Vittorio Baldini (died 21 February 1618) was an Italian printer and engraver. He started publishing in Venice, where he was born, and later moved to Ferrara, joining the court of Duke Alfonso II d'Este in mid-to-late 1582, where he was the official ducal music printer. He may have met the duke through Giulio Cesare Brancaccio, whose translation and commentary on Julius Caesar's "Commentarii de Bello Gallico" Baldini printed in early 1582.
His first work as ducal music printer, and indeed his first print of music, was an anthology of madrigals, "Il lauro secco" (1582), written by the most renowned composers of Rome and Northern Italy, as well as introducing important new composers, and was inspired by Laura Peverara. He later printed the anthology "Il lauro verde" (1583), meant as a companion to "Il lauro secco", and presented to Peverara on the occasion of her marriage in late February 1583.
Baldini published very little music for Alfonso between 1586 and 1594, and began publishing regularly again 1594-1596, when he printed anthologies containing madrigals by some of the most important madrigalists of the "seconda pratica", including Luzzasco Luzzaschi, Carlo Gesualdo, and Alfonso Fontanelli, all of whom were part of the Este court at the time. These books, however, may have been funded by Gesualdo, who was at the court for his marriage to Leonora d'Este. During the period Baldini printed little for Alfonso; he did print a number of treatises on music and art, including those by Giovanni Battista Aleotti and Ercole Bottrigari. After Ferrara devolved to the papacy, Baldini published under the imprint of "Episcopal or State Printer and Printer to the Academy of the Intrepidi." During this period he printed descriptions and texts for various "intermezzos" and other theatrical entertainments.
Baldini's works are set apart by the beauty of the lettering, the finery of their engraving, beautiful title pages, and high quality paper. He used a number of signs, including a bell, Daedalus, and the sun.

</doc>
<doc id="5927225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927225" title="Little Thoughts">
Little Thoughts

Little Thoughts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927277" title="Green Rider">
Green Rider

Green Rider (titled The Green Rider in some later printings) is the first novel written by Kristen Britain and is the first book in its series. It was nominated for the Crawford Award in 1999.
Plot summary.
Karigan G'ladheon, a merchant's daughter, is cast out of her school in Selium by Dean Geyer following a duel in which she bested a wealthy aristocrat.
Running away from the shame of her expulsion, she travels into the forest called the Green Cloak, she meets a Green Rider (a group of legendary and elite messengers in the king's service) who is dying with two black arrows protruding from his back.
The Green Rider F'ryan Coblebay, makes Karigan swear to carry a message to Sacor City for the 'love of her country', and there to deliver into the hands of either Laren, the Captain of the Green Riders, or the king himself. He also orders Karigan not to read the letter for the sake of her life. Coblebay entrusts a second more private letter to her care also. As his life passes, he whispers with his last breath; "beware the shadow man...".She also takes the gold winged horse brooch, which she only noticed after his death. It is the symbol of his office as a Green Rider.
Karigan, following her promise, rides the horse which she calls "Horse" (whose real name is Condor) to Sacor City through perilous paths. The Horse appears to have an uncanny ability to Hate the various dangers Karigan encounters, always delivering Karigan to safety. During the journey, she meets many people, including the Berry sisters, members of the mystical, elf-like race of Eletians, and two traitorous Weapons (a special rank given only to the bodyguards of the king). Throughout her journey, the ghost of F'ryan Coblebay follows her, urging her on and providing help when desperately needed.
When she reaches Sacor City, she is hailed as a Green Rider, and she delivers both letters. The second seemingly less important letter, which Karigan felt justified in reading as it was not addressed to the king, was a love letter to the beautiful Lady Estora.
Karigan delivers the letter from F'ryan Coblebay but to everyones' dismay the letter appears to contain nothing of any importance. The Lady Estora, confused by inaccuracies in the letter delivered to her, approaches Karigan; who then takes the letter to Laren for closer inspection.
The love letter is decoded to reveal a plot by his brother Amilton and one of the clan chiefs to kill King Zachary. Amilton, the elder brother of Zachary, was denied the throne due to his dishonorable character and eventually even lost the right to rule over the family province of Hillander due to his shameful behaviour.
There follows a desperate battle as Shawdell, an Eletian who has infiltrated the kings court and gained the trust of the crown, is revealed as the Shadowman F'ryan Coblebay warned Karigan of. During a dangerous battle Karigan, with the help of ghosts, wounds the rogue Eletian and he disappears. After the battle, it is discovered that Amilton, Zachary's disinherited older brother, has stolen into the castle and taken over. An elaborate and daring plan allows Karigan, along with the King and his retinue, to enter the castle through the underground tombs. Once inside, they make their way to the throne room and confront Prince Amilton. Shawdell (the rogue Eletian/Shadowman) has merged with Amilton and is taking him over. At this point, Karigan almost manages to sever the connection between Amilton and Shawdell and is transported to an in-between place where she manages to defeat Shawdell/Amilton and save the kingdom. After recovering from the ordeal, she goes home with her father, vowing to follow in his footsteps and become a merchant, leaving behind service as a Green Rider.

</doc>
<doc id="5927291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927291" title="Aftermath (R.E.M. song)">
Aftermath (R.E.M. song)

"Aftermath" is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was released as the second single from their thirteenth studio album "Around the Sun" on November 29, 2004.
Upon release, "Aftermath" peaked at number forty-one on the UK Singles Chart. The single also charted in the Netherlands and Sweden, peaking at numbers 44 and 59 respectively. Its music video, directed by Blue Leach and Peter Care, was filmed in several different locations, including the Hyatt Regency Hotel in San Francisco and the London Eye.

</doc>
<doc id="5927293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927293" title="Lateral brachial cutaneous nerve">
Lateral brachial cutaneous nerve

Lateral brachial cutaneous nerve can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927295" title="List of Seattle Seahawks starting quarterbacks">
List of Seattle Seahawks starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Seattle Seahawks. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Seahawks.
Starting Quarterbacks.
List of all Seattle Seahawks starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:

</doc>
<doc id="5927297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927297" title="Murray Calder">
Murray Calder

Murray Calder (born 15 January 1951 in Mount Forest, Ontario) was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004. He is a farmer by profession.
Calder first became a Liberal candidate in 1988, unsuccessfully contesting the Wellington—Grey—Dufferin—Simcoe electoral district. His second attempt in the 1993 election was successful, defeating Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Perrin Beatty, making him a member of Prime Minister Jean Chrétien's government in the 35th Canadian Parliament. He won in the 1997 and 2000 national elections in the redistributed Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey riding. He held various committee posts during his terms of office, mostly relating to agriculture. In 2003 he served as Parliamentary Secretary to International Trade Minister Pierre Pettigrew and sat on the House of Commons Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs. From 2001 to 2003 he served as Chair of National Liberal Rural Caucus.
He teamed up with Progressive Conservative Senator Lowell Murray to pass a bill in 2002 to designate the Canadian Horse as Canada's national horse. Calder also worked to obtain changes in federal tax laws to benefit fire fighters, including a change allowing them to accrue pensions at a higher rate so they could retire early with a full pension. He worked with Senator Lorna Milne to campaign for public access to post 1901 Canada Census data, an issue of special interest to genealogists.
Before the 2004 election, the electoral districts were again rearranged and Calder contested the new Dufferin—Caledon riding. He was defeated by Conservative candidate David Tilson.
Calder has restored a number of old military vehicles as a hobby on his chicken farm in Holstein, Ontario. Until 2006, he had a pet Bactrian camel, Baxter, who drank beer. 

</doc>
<doc id="5927326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927326" title="Thunderbolt Jaxon">
Thunderbolt Jaxon

Thunderbolt Jaxon is a superhero comic-book character who first appeared in an Australian comic in 1949. His first appearance in the UK was in "Comet #76" in 1949. He later appeared in "Knockout" between August 1958 and January 1960.
When a young boy, Jack Jaxon, dons a magic belt with the power of the god Thor, he turns into an adult superhero with incredible strength and the power of flight. His costume is ancient Greek, reminiscent of Steve Reeves as "Hercules", with a close-fitting, short-sleeved shirt, short skirt and laced boots. 
In "Buster" comic from 1964 the character was re-branded as "Johnny Samson", and new strips were added, retaining the premise and costume.
Thunderbolt Jaxon is a retelling of the 1949 Comet Comics Character's origins.
This version was a five issue mini-series premiering in 2006, written by Dave Gibbons, John Higgins on art, Wildstorm FX on colors and lettered by Todd Klein. The covers were also provided by Gibbons and Klein.

</doc>
<doc id="5927327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927327" title="Heliotrope (mineral)">
Heliotrope (mineral)

The mineral heliotrope, also known as bloodstone, is a form of chalcedony (which is a cryptocrystalline mixture of quartz and its monoclinic polymorph moganite). The "classic" bloodstone is green chalcedony with red inclusions of iron oxide or red jasper. Sometimes the inclusions are yellow, in which case the mineral is given the name plasma.
The red inclusions are supposed to resemble spots of blood; hence the name "bloodstone". The name "heliotrope" (from Greek ήλιος "helios", Sun, τρέπειν "trepein", to turn) derives from various ancient notions about the manner in which the mineral reflects light. These are described, e.g., by Pliny the Elder ("Nat. Hist." 37.165). 
Heliotrope features in one of Boccaccio's stories in the Decameron.
Heliotrope is the traditional birthstone for March. 
Sources.
The primary source of the stone is India. It is also found in Brazil, China, Australia and the United States. There is also an outcrop of bloodstone on the Isle of Rum, in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5927328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927328" title="Ross House Museum">
Ross House Museum

The Ross House Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, housed in a log house (constructed 1852–55) that is on the Canadian Register of Historic Places. Originally standing on the bank of the Red River at the foot of what is now Market Avenue, the building became the first post office in Western Canada with the appointment of WilliamRoss as postmaster by the Council of Assiniboia in 1855. The building was saved from demolition in 1947 by the Manitoba Historical Society and moved to Higgins Ave across from the C.P.R. station. There it was restored, with the land and house featuring artifacts, monuments and markers relevant to the early history of Manitoba. In 1984 the house was once more moved, this time to its present location in Joe Zuken Heritage Park in Point Douglas.
Affiliations.
The museum is affiliated with CMA, CHIN, and the Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5927330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927330" title="Floyd Salas">
Floyd Salas

Floyd Salas (born 1931) is an American fiction writer and boxer. His work is well known in the San Francisco Bay Area and among aficionados of both Latino literature and 60s era protest literature.
He won a 2013 lifetime achievement American Book Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5927337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927337" title="Something Beautiful (disambiguation)">
Something Beautiful (disambiguation)

"Something Beautiful" is a song by Robbie Williams. Something Beautiful may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927346" title="Little Falls Township Public Schools">
Little Falls Township Public Schools

The Little Falls Township Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Little Falls, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's three schools had an enrollment of 909 students and 67.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.4.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 9 - 12, public school students attend Passaic Valley Regional High School. The regional public high school serves students from Little Falls, Totowa Borough and Woodland Park Borough (formerly West Paterson). The school facility is located in Little Falls.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5927371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927371" title="Claude Jutra Award">
Claude Jutra Award

The Claude Jutra Award is a special Canadian film award, presented by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to the year's best feature film by a first-time film director. It should not be confused with the Prix Jutra, a separate awards ceremony conducted by the Quebec film industry.
Formerly part of the Genie Awards ceremonies, the Claude Jutra Award is now presented as part of the Canadian Screen Awards.
The Claude Jutra Award is a juried prize whose winner is announced in advance, although the prize is formally presented to the winner at the ceremony. To date three films, "Le Confessional", "Atanarjuat" and "Away from Her", have won both the Claude Jutra Award and the Best Picture Genie in the same year; all three films' directors also won the award for Best Director for the same films.

</doc>
<doc id="5927375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927375" title="Norm McLeod">
Norm McLeod

Norman ("Norm") McLeod (born September 1938 in Vancouver, Canada) is a former Canadian national soccer team player. 
McLeod played four times for Canada, in 1957 he was selected to Canada's first ever World Cup team and scored Canada's first ever goal in World Cup competition against the United States in Toronto. McLeod played for the Vancouver Halecos in the Pacific Coast Soccer League, and was a member of the team as they won the Canadian championship in 1956. He later played for the PCSL's Vancouver Canadians.
He first played for the B.C. All-Stars in 1957 and scored one of the goals when the team beat Tottenham Hotspur. He eventually played 14 times for the B.C. All-Star team against teams like Hearts, Admira Vienna, West Bromwich Albion, Municipal Lima, Zenit Leningrad, Birmingham City, Toronto City, Sheffield United, Red Star Belgrade, Notts Forest and Hibernian. 
In April 2005 McLeod was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5927393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927393" title="VFA-195">
VFA-195

Strike Fighter Squadron 195 (VFA-195), also known as the "Dambusters", is a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Facility Atsugi. They are a part of Carrier Air Wing Five (CVW-5) and their tail code is "NF".
Mission.
VFA-195 exists to provide power projection for the United States.
Squadron insignia and nickname.
The squadron, originally known as the "Tigers", had its first insignia approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 4 March 1944, consisting of a lion cub riding a torpedo. Bob Burns gave the squadron a lion cub. On the patch the cub is holding the musical "bazooka" that Burns used in his act, while riding a torpedo. The lion went to the Los Angeles Zoo. A new design replaced the cub with a tiger and parrot on the torpedo, and was approved on 18 April 1949.
Sometime in the 1950s, the squadron adopted a shield insignia that featured an eagle's head and a torpedo. On 1 May 1951, squadron aircraft disabled the heavily defended Hwacheon Dam in North Korea, earning them the nickname "Dambusters", echoing the original Dam Busters of No. 617 Squadron RAF. Destruction of the dam had been previously attempted by other units many times.
In August 1985, the squadron adopted the stylized eagle on green background insignia in use today.
History.
1940s.
VFA-195 was originally established as Torpedo Squadron 19 (VT-19), at NAAS Los Alamitos, California on 15 August 1943, flying the TBM-1 Avenger.
As unit of Carrier Air Group 19 during World War II, it was a part of Admiral Bull Halsey’s Naval Task Force. On 18 July 1944, the squadron flew its first combat mission when it conducted pre-invasion strikes against Guam.
The squadron participated in the Battle of Leyte Gulf and in the landings at Palau, Morotai and Leyte (see also Battle of Leyte Gulf). Squadron pilots also flew strikes against the Carolines, Philippines, Bonin Islands, Okinawa, Mindanao, Luzon, and Formosa while embarked on .
In October 1944, squadron aircraft participated in strikes against the Central Japanese Task Force in the Sibuyan Sea, which included the super battleship Musashi. Three of the squadron’s personnel were awarded the Silver Star for their actions during this strike. Squadron aircraft also participated in the Battle Off Cape Engano, strikes against the Japanese Northern Force composed primarily of carriers, resulting in 25 Navy Cross awards. On 5 November 1944, squadron aircraft participated in the sinking of the Nachi, a Japanese heavy cruiser, which was making a sortie out of Manila Bay.
The squadron changed homeports several times during the Second World War, first to NAS San Diego, then to NAS Alameda, NAAS Santa Rosa, California, and NAS Barbers Point before finally ending up back at NAS Alameda in August 1946. VT-19 also upgraded their "Avengers" throughout the war, to the TBM-3 in February 1945, the TBM-3E in April 1945, and finally the TBM-3Q.
On 15 November 1946, the squadron was redesignated Attack Squadron 20A (VA-20A). In May 1947, the squadron transitioned to the AD-1 Skyraider. In August 1948, VA-20A upgraded to the AD-2 and was redesignated Attack Squadron 195 (VA-195). In January 1949, the squadron upgraded again to the AD-3.
1950s.
VA-195 upgraded to the AD-4 in July 1950, and served in the Korean War while embarked on . On 5 December 1950, the squadron flew its first combat mission since the end of World War II, flying close air support missions for U.S. Marines near Chosin Reservoir in North Korea.
On May 1, 1951, the squadron’s Skyraiders, making precise low level runs, delivered aerial torpedoes on the heavily defended and strategically positioned Hwacheon Dam in North Korea. Destruction of the dam had been attempted by Air Force and Navy bombers but was finally accomplished by VA-195, earning them the nickname the "Dambusters".
The squadron upgraded to the AD-4L, and on 23 June 1952, the squadron conducted coordinated air strikes against the Suiho hydroelectric plant on the Yalu River and the Kyosen Number Three hydroelectric plant. Squadron aircraft participated in attacks against other hydroelectric plants the following day.
On 11 July 1952, "Dambuster" aircraft participated in one of the major joint U.S. Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps air strikes of the war, hitting industrial targets in North Korea’s capital city of Pyongyang.
In November 1952, the squadron relocated to NAS Moffett Field, and upgraded to the AD-4B and AD-4NA in early 1953. VA-195 received AD-6s in May 1954, and finally moved to the jet age with A4D-2 Skyhawks (later designated A-4B) in July 1959.
1960s.
In December 1961, the squadron moved to NAS Lemoore, California, (USA). As the Vietnam war flared in the fall of 1964, the squadron made their fourth consecutive deployments on the USS "Bon Homme Richard" with the U.S. Seventh Fleet. During the next five years, while operating various models of the A-4 from the decks of the "Bon Homme Richard" and USS "Ticonderoga", the squadron logged more combat flight hours and sorties than any other squadron in Carrier Air Wing 19.
On 20 April 1967, the squadron’s executive officer was awarded the Silver Star for his actions in planning and executing a successful strike against a Haiphong thermal power plant, accomplishing the mission without the loss of a single aircraft.
In March 1968, VA-195, along with other squadrons in CVW-19, conducted flight operations from "Ticonderoga" in the Sea of Japan following the capture of USS Pueblo (AGER-2) by North Korea. In September 1968, the squadron upgraded to the A-4E.
1970s.
In the spring of 1970 VA-195 passed another milestone, transitioning to the A-7E Corsair II. As a unit of Carrier Air Wing 11 on , the squadron deployed in the fall of 1970, marking its fourth consecutive decade of involvement in foreign conflicts. In May 1972, "Dambusters" participated in the mining of North Vietnamese harbours and Linebacker I operations, concentrated air strikes against targets in North Vietnam above the 20th parallel. On July 19, 1972 the squadron delivered the first data link version of the television guided Walleye Glide Bomb down the throat of a cave storage area causing its complete destruction. Later the same day, they destroyed the Ninh Binh railroad bridge, also with a single weapon.
In November 1973, VA-195 deployed with CVW-11 embarked on "Kitty Hawk" as part of the first CV concept air wing deployment on the west coast. This concept consolidated all aspects of carrier aviation warfare into one air wing deployed on an aircraft carrier. The most important difference was the integration of the anti-submarine squadrons (VS) into the former "Attack Carrier Air Wing", as the old Essex-class anti-submarine carriers (CVS) and their "Anti-Submarine Carrier Air Groups (CVSG)" were retired. Between 1970 and 1981 VA-195 made seven deployments with CVW-11 aboard the "Kitty Hawk". The 1979 deployment led CVW-11 in unfamiliar waters, as it was deployed to the Mediterranean Sea, followed by the 1981 cruise to the same area and the Indian Ocean.
1980s.
In 1981, the "Dambusters" made back-to-back deployments aboard USS America (CV-66). In 1983/84 VA-195 made its last deployment with the A-7 "Corsair II", this time being re-assigned to the Pacific Fleet CVW-9 aboard the USS "Ranger". From July to August 1983, "Ranger" was ordered to operate off the coast of Nicaragua in response to an unstable situation in Central America. Then, from October 1983 to January 1984, during a 122 day line period in the Indian Ocean, "Ranger" was extended on station in the Arabian Sea due to the Iranian threat to block oil exports from the Persian Gulf.
In 1985
The "Dambusters" were redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron 195 (VFA-195) on 1 April 1985 and commenced transition to the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18A "Hornet". In 1986 VFA-195 was assigned to the newly established CVW-10. This wing was to deploy on the USS "Independence", and it was given the old CVW-19 tail code "NM". However, "CVW-10" was never deployed. VFA-195 was the only squadron of this wing that was not disestablished in 1987. Instead, the "Dambusters" were reassigned to CVW-5 aboard the USS "Midway", when CVW-5's fighter squadrons transitioned from the McDonnell Douglas F-4S "Phantom II" and the A-7E "Corsair" to the F/A-18 "Hornet". VFA-195 joined the Forward Deployed Naval Forces in U.S. Fleet Activities Yokosuka, Japan on 1 July 1987. While ashore, the "Dambusters" since then operate out of NAF Atsugi, Japan.
From November 1987 to February 1988, the squadron participated in Operation Earnest Will, the escorting of reflagged Kuwaiti tankers through the Persian Gulf. In the fall of 1988 and again in 1989, the squadron embarked aboard "Midway" and made deployments to the Indian Ocean, along with several shorter deployments in the Western Pacific.
1990s.
VFA-195 was deployed aboard the USS "Midway" when Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990. During Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm the "Dambusters" flew 564 combat missions, delivering 356 tons of ordnance, and became the first Hornet squadron to deliver a Walleye II glide bomb in combat.
In August 1991 "CVW-5" switched from the "Midway" (which was being retired) to the new forward deployed carrier, the USS "Independence" near Hawaii. In March 1996, CVW-5 and the "Dambusters" deployed to calm tensions in the Taiwan Strait over Taiwan’s first direct presidential elections. Between 1991 and 1998 VA-195 made ten deployments aboard the "Independence" to the Western Pacific and the Indian Ocean.
2000s.
From 1998 to 2008 VFA-195 was assigned with "CVW-5" to the USS "Kitty Hawk". VFA-195 flew in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in 2001, striking targets deep in Afghanistan. Called on for duty in the Persian Gulf in 2003, the "Dambusters" flew 278 combat sorties in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, delivered 179,000 pounds of precision guided munitions against military targets over the course of a single month.
When the "Kitty Hawk" was retired, "CVW-5" and VFA-195 moved to the USS "George Washington" in August 2008.
2010s.
During fall 2010 the squadron transitioned to the Super Hornet. Carrier Air Wing Five was the first wing totally equipped with Super Hornets without legacy Hornets.

</doc>
<doc id="5927410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927410" title="The New Deal (album)">
The New Deal (album)

The New Deal is a live album released by the Canadian electronic music trio The New Deal in 2001. The bulk of the album was recorded at performances in Atlanta GA, Ithaca NY, Northampton MA, and Montreal PQ, though it was sculpted into a larger piece in the studio.
The album was nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5927468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927468" title="Inferior lateral cutaneous nerve of arm">
Inferior lateral cutaneous nerve of arm

The inferior lateral cutaneous nerve of arm is a nerve found in humans and other animals. It is also called the inferior lateral brachial cutaneous nerve. It is a branch of the radial nerve that provides sensory and vasomotor innervation to the lower, lateral aspect of the arm.

</doc>
<doc id="5927478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927478" title="Ikki Kajiwara">
Ikki Kajiwara

Works.
Manga.
All listings are as Ikki Kajiwara unless otherwise specified.

</doc>
<doc id="5927493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927493" title="All Hail">
All Hail

All Hail is Kïll Cheerleadër's first full-length album, released in 2004, by Spinerazor/Corporate Punishment Records and later reissued in 2006. 6 out of the 12 songs on this album were featured on their previous releases as well. 
Critical reception.
Evan Davies of "Now" gave the album a three out of five rating, calling it "a well-executed and upbeat hard rock album that succeeds at capturing the band’s energy and sweat without compromising quality", and noting similarities to Motörhead and Mötley Crüe.

</doc>
<doc id="5927502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927502" title="Jeannot Castonguay">
Jeannot Castonguay

Jeannot Castonguay (born 1 September 1944 in Saint-Quentin, New Brunswick) was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons from 2000 to 2004. He won the Madawaska—Restigouche electoral district in New Brunswick to become a member of the 37th Canadian Parliament. He is a career physician.
Castonguay left political life in 2004 as he did not seek re-election. Jean-Claude D'Amours won the Madawaska-Restigouche riding for the Liberal party that year.

</doc>
<doc id="5927537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927537" title="Piotr Andrejew">
Piotr Andrejew

Piotr Andrejew (born 27 October 1947, Szczecin) is a Polish film director, now living in the Netherlands with his son, Victor Andrejew. He is sometimes credited as Piotr Andreyev or Piotr Andreev. 
His films include features "Theft " (1976, TV), 'Clinch' (1978), "Tender Spots" ("Czułe Miejsca") (1981), "Shadow Man" (1988) with Tom Hulce, and short films "Puppets" (1971), "Mroz is Coming" (1973), "The Talk" (1974), "Fields Master" (1975), "Follow the Blow" (1975), "Gropingly" ("Po Omacku") (1975), "Mein Fenster" ("Okno") (1979), "Capriccio di Amsterdam" (1983), "The End" (1984), "Sanctus" (1991), "Laugh Attack" (1993). He worked with cinematographer Zbigniew Rybczyński in the 1970s.
He has also directed television theater productions "De Beproeving Die Ik Haar Oplegde" by Simon Vestdijk (1986, TV) and "Protest" by Václav Havel (1987,TV) and the concert film "Orlando Quartet Plays Grieg" (1993, TV).

</doc>
<doc id="5927544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927544" title="Thom Fitzgerald">
Thom Fitzgerald

Thomas "Thom" Fitzgerald (born July 8, 1968) is an award winning American-Canadian film and theatre director, screenwriter, playwright and producer.
Life.
Fitzgerald was born and raised in New Rochelle, New York. His parents divorced when he was five years old. He moved with his mother and brother, Timothy Jr., to Bergenfield, New Jersey, where he was raised and graduated Bergenfield High School. While pursuing his university degree in Manhattan at the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, he spent a semester as an exchange student at the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, and permanently moved to Halifax after completing his studies.
Fitzgerald continues to reside in Nova Scotia. He has described himself as a "struggling Catholic".
Career.
In Canada, Fitzgerald worked extensively as a trio with performance artists Renee Penney and Michael Weir for several years, as the Charlatan Theatre Collective.
The Hanging Garden.
He launched his career in film, releasing his debut feature, "The Hanging Garden", in 1997 starring Troy Veinotte, Chris Leavins and Kerry Fox. That film won several Genie Awards, including acting nods for Peter MacNeill and Seana McKenna, and a screenplay trophy for Fitzgerald. It also garnered Fitzgerald the Claude Jutra Award for best feature film by a first-time director, the FIPRESCI European Critics Prize, Best Canadian Film Prize at the Atlantic Film Festival, Best Canadian Film at the Vancouver Film Festival, Best Screenplay at the Mar del Plata Festival, and a number of other high-profile awards. The film made its U.S. debut at the Sundance Film Festival.
Beefcake.
His second project, which was actually in progress prior to "The Hanging Garden", was the muscle magazine docu-comedy "Beefcake" (1999). The story of fitness photographer Bob Mizer (played by Daniel MacIvor) and the wave of fitness magazines in the 1950s, it was commissioned for television by Channel 4 in the UK and Arte in France and Germany. But the movie was too racy for North American television in 1999, and was released theatrically by Strand Releasing instead. The film debuted at Sundance and garnered four Genie Award nominations. Jonathan Torrens won the Best Supporting Actor Award from ACTRA, the Canadian equivalent of SAG. "Beefcake" enjoys a long-running cult status on DVD.
Wolf Girl.
"Wolf Girl" (2001) was a Halloween special for the USA Network starring Tim Curry, Victoria Sanchez, Lesley Ann Warren, Darlene Cates, Grace Jones, Shelby Fenner and Shawn Ashmore. Penned by acclaimed novelist Lori Lansens, the story spins the werewolf genre in reverse, as cosmetic treatments render a furry side-show performer (Sanchez) progressively more psychotic.
The Wild Dogs.
"The Wild Dogs" (2002) is a digital video-shot ensemble drama set in contemporary Bucharest. The stories involve a reluctant dogcatcher (Mihai Calota), a diplomat with prostate cancer (David Hayman), and a touring pornographer (played by Thom Fitzgerald). Rachel Blanchard and Alberta Watson co-star. "The Wild Dogs" debuted at the Toronto Film Festival. Along with three Genie nominations including Best Supporting Actor for Hayman, "The Wild Dogs" won the Best Canadian Film Award at the Atlantic Film Festival and the Emerging Master Award at the Seattle International Film Festival.
The Event.
"The Event" (2003), tells the story of Matt, a New Yorker with AIDS (Don McKellar) who has died mysteriously. Parker Posey plays an attorney who takes her investigation personally, pushing his family (Olympia Dukakis, Sarah Polley, Dick Latessa) and friends (Brent Carver, Rejean Cournoyer, Jane Leeves) into stark confessions about the reality of Matt's demise. The low-budget film debuted at Sundance Film Festival, opening to praise. It received numerous awards, including the Siegessäule Reader's Award, the Teddy Award at the Berlin International Film Festival, an ACTRA Supporting Actor Award for Rejean Cournoyer, the Outfest Jury Prize for Best Actress for Dukakis, a Best Supporting Actress Genie nomination for Dukakis, and Atlantic Film Festival Awards for Fitzgerald, writers Tim Marback and Steven Hillyer, and veteran actress Joan Orenstein.
3 Needles.
"3 Needles" (2005) tells three short stories about the global HIV pandemic. In the first, Lucy Liu stars as a Chinese blood smuggler who unleashes havoc on a farmer's family. In the second story, a second rate porn actor in Montreal (Shawn Ashmore), hides his HIV status from his mother (Stockard Channing). In the third story, three Christian missionaries (Chloë Sevigny, Olympia Dukakis and Sandra Oh) barter with a South African plantation owner (Ian Roberts) to help a family of orphans. The film has won awards for cinematographer Tom Harting as well as Fitzgerald's Direction at the Atlantic Film Festival, and garnered Fitzgerald a Director's Guild nomination for Best Direction of a Feature Film. The director received promotional support from the United Nations' Global Media AIDS initiative, and the film was released on December 1 (World AIDS Day), 2006, in selected theaters and on Showtime Network.
Cloudburst.
In 2010 Fitzgerald's first full-length play "Cloudburst" debuted in Halifax at Plutonium Playhouse. Critics called the play "a knock-out" and "the best thing to happen to the Halifax theatre scene in a decade" "Cloudburst" won the 2011 Merritt Award for Best New Play. Fitzgerald shot a film version of "Cloudburst" in 2011 starring Olympia Dukakis, Brenda Fricker and Ryan Doucette. The film debuted at the 2011 Atlantic Film Festival and won an Atlantic Canada Award for Best Screenplay and the People's Choice Audience Award for Best Film of the Festival. It also won the Audience Award for Best Film at Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival, the Audience Award for Best Canadian Indie Film at Edmonton International Film Festival, Top Ten Canadian Film at Vancouver International Film Festival, and Best Film at Image+Nation Montreal Film Festival. It won a Best Canadian Film Award at Victoria Film Festival. It won a Grand Jury Prize at the Atlanta Film Festival. Cloudburst won film estival prizes worldwide including Audience Awards in Copenhagen, Barcelona, Hannover, Waterloo and numerous other cities.

</doc>
<doc id="5927549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927549" title="Sandry's Book">
Sandry's Book

"Sandry's Book", by Tamora Pierce is a fantasy novel set mainly in Emelan. It is the first in a quartet of books: The Circle of Magic, starring four young mages as they discover their magic.
Plot introduction.
Niklaren (Niko) Goldeye finds Lady Sandrilene fa Toren, Trisana Chandler, Daja Kisubo, and Briar Moss, four young misfits from four different classes, and brings them to Winding Circle Temple in Emelan. They find themselves housed together as they did not "fit in" when they slept in the dormitories for everyone in Discipline Cottage to learn and use their new-found magical abilities. All four have ambient magic, as opposed to academic magic, and the power they use comes from ordinary things all around them. Sandry has magic with threads, Tris with weather, Daja with smithing, and Briar with plants.
Plot summary.
Lady Sandrilene fa Toren is locked away in a dark room with a fading oil lamp. She was magically hidden in this storeroom days ago by her nurse, who was murdered moments later just outside the door by a mob bent on destroying everything infected by the fierce plague 
that killed Sandry's parents. Sandry is concerned about the flickering oil lamp, even though she knows there is no chance of anybody finding her as the room she is locked in is protected by magic so that it cannot be found either magically or non-magically, and the only person who knows her whereabouts is her nurse, who is dead. Sandry is afraid of going crazy in the darkness. Unknowingly doing her first piece of magic, Sandry traps the remaining light in a simple braid. A powerful seer, Niklaren Goldeye, finds her and takes her to Winding Circle in Emelan.
Trader Daja Kisubo is the lone survivor when her family's ship is destroyed in a storm. She floats on the water for days, surviving only because she finds a "suraku"- a survival box full of food and water from the ship. When Niko finds her, they go to the Trader Council so they can decide Daja's fate. Because Daja is the only survivor of her family, they declare her "trangshi," or outcast- the worst sort of bad luck. As "trangshi," she is forbidden to speak, touch, or write to other Traders. Niko is outraged at the council's decision and conducts her to Winding Circle.
Roach (later named Briar Moss) is a "street rat" in Hajra, Sotat. His mother died when he was four; he was then taken in by the Thief Lord, the leader of the gang Lightning. Each time Roach is caught committing a crime, an "X" is tattooed onto the web of skin between his thumb and forefinger. After his third capture, Roach is sentenced to the docks but is saved by Niko, who stopped the judge and convinced her to allow him to take Roach to Winding Circle. Roach also has the opportunity to choose a new name for himself; he chooses Briar Moss because of his curiosity and experience with plants.
Trisana Chandler is from a merchant's family. She has been passed from relative to relative because of the strange things that occur when she is around. Never staying long in one house, she never had a real family. Eventually, she is brought to Stone Circle Temple by her parents and left there, where she wreaks more havoc still. The temple's dedicate superior pleads with Niko to take her to Winding Circle, and he agrees after Tris starts a hail storm out of anger.
The four children are brought to Winding Circle Temple in Emelan, where they do not fit in. Daja is secluded and ignored because she is a Trader, Tris wreaks havoc through weather when girls upset her by making fun of her, Briar threatens other boys with knives, and Sandry is caught looking at the looms too much. They are all taken to Discipline Cottage, an isolated cottage for children who do not fit in, where they are overseen there by Dedicate Lark, a kind and gentle thread mage, and Dedicate Rosethorn, a sharp plant mage.
The four learn they have magic, which none of them knew about. While they all practice meditation, each of the four is matched with a main teacher to guide them through their magical learning. Sandry begins studying with Lark, learning to weave and spin; Tris studies with Niko about weather; Daja is taken under the wing of Dedicate Frostpine, the greatest smith mage; Briar works with Rosethorn in her garden and workshop. They each grow closer together and stronger in their magic.
During the course of the book, there have been tremors all summer. Near the end of the book, a big earthquake comes, having gained power by bouncing off the walls of a crystal used in an attempt to trap it. Just before, the four were out walking Little Bear, their dog, when he runs down a path and into the back of a large cave. The four and their dog are stuck underground when the earthquake begins. Daja holds to roof of their small space up by making a magical "suraku" around the space to help save them. Tris and Briar begin their own protections and Tris starts to open up air vents. However, the three of them cannot finish, because each person does not have the skill to finish. Sandry remembers her time trapped in the storage room and is paralyzed with fear when she remembers her weaving bag. She infuses it with the essences of the four and weaves their magic together, so each can complete his or her jobs. 
The four and their dog are rescued by their teachers after the quake. It is discovered that they are under the kitchens of the temple. 
At the very end of the book, Tris, Briar, and Daja present Sandry with a light-filled crystal to help her conquer her fear of the dark.

</doc>
<doc id="5927553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927553" title="Wes McLeod">
Wes McLeod

Wes McLeod (born October 24, 1957 in Vancouver, Canada) is a retired Canadian soccer player who earned eighteen caps with the Canadian national soccer team.
Professional.
McLeod spent his youth career with Coquitlam Blue Mountain. In 1976, he moved to Vancouver Columbus FC(Italia). In 1977 McLeod signed with Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League. Over eight seasons with the Rowdies, he was selected to the NASL's North American All-Star team in 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981 and 1982, a record six times. In August 1984, he signed with the New York Cosmos of the Major Indoor Soccer League. In February 1985, the Cosmos withdrew from the league and, McLeod signed with the Dallas Sidekicks on February 25, 1985. In seven seasons, he was a three-time All-Star and the 1989-90 Defender of the Year. He retired in May 1992. In September 2003 his number eight shirt was retired by the Sidekicks.
National team.
McLeod played 17 times for Canada, made his international debut at 17 in 1975 against Poland in Toronto. A year later he was a member of the Olympic team at the Olympic Games in Montreal and had a memorable game against the Soviet Union in the Olympic Stadium. He was a member of Canada's national team in World Cup qualifying in 1976 and in 1980 and 1981.
In the fall of 1992, McLeod was hired to coach the Clearwater High School boy's soccer team.
In April 2005 McLeod was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5927555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927555" title="One Hour in Wonderland">
One Hour in Wonderland

One Hour in Wonderland is a 1950 television special made by Walt Disney Productions. It was first seen on Christmas Day, 1950, over NBC (4–5 pm in all time zones) for Coca-Cola, and was Walt Disney's first television production. It featured Walt as host, with Bobby Driscoll, Kathryn Beaumont, Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy (who appeared on radio for Coke), and other celebrities who worked with Walt, including the Firehouse Five Plus Two jazz band. This special was actually a promotional film for Disney's upcoming theatrical feature, "Alice in Wonderland". Kathryn Beaumont, who was Alice's voice, was dressed like her for this special.
The show was included as a bonus feature on the Masterpiece and Un-Anniversary DVD editions of "Alice in Wonderland", as well as the 2011 Blu-ray release.
Synopsis.
Edgar Bergen informs Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd that Walt Disney has invited them to a tea party. Charlie is hesitant to go, but reluctantly changes his mind when he learns Kathryn Beaumont will be there. While driving to the studio, Edgar tells the story of Alice in Wonderland, much to Charlie's dismay. When they arrive, Walt Disney tells everyone that he was able to buy the Magic Mirror from Snow White (who apparently got it from the Wicked Queen). Charlie insults the mirror, calling it a "hopped-up television set." This enrages the mirror but Walt calms him down. The Mirror then shows everybody what they wish to see. He shows Kathryn a scene from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", Charlie the Mickey Mouse short "Clock Cleaners" (although Charlie wanted to see himself), Bobby Driscoll a Br'er Rabbit story, Mortimer a Pluto short, and Edgar a performance by Firehouse Five Plus Two. At the end of the song, they see Walt, and frantically finish a scene with Tweedledee and Tweedledum. The Mirror at first refuses to show the unfinished "Alice in Wonderland", but changes his mind when everyone wants to see it. The Mirror then reluctantly shows a scene from Alice in Wonderland. At the end of the special, Edgar has acquired the Magic Mirror. Charlie tries to make a deal with the mirror, but it turns out Mortimer is the new slave of the magic mirror. Charlie changes his mind and goes to sleep.

</doc>
<doc id="5927556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927556" title="Trade Disputes Act 1906">
Trade Disputes Act 1906

The Trade Disputes Act 1906 (6 Edw. 7 c. 47) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed under the Liberal government of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. The Act declared that unions could not be sued for damages incurred during a strike.
Its key reform was to add the famous words, now found in TULRCA 1992 section 219, to the Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act 1875 that, "An act done in pursuance of an agreement or combination by two or more persons shall, if done in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute, not be actionable unless the act, if done without any such agreement or combination, would be actionable."
Law.
The immediate cause for the Act was a trilogy of cases in the House of Lords, which had for the first time imposed damages in tort on trade unions for going on strike. Previously, the legal status of trade unions as an "unincorporated association", was accepted to mean that they did not have legal standing to sue, or be sued, in court.
Before the change, the two important cases were "Lumley v Gye" (1857) and "Allen v Flood" (1897). "Lumley" did not concern trade unions, but invented a new legal principle. An actress, Miss Wagner, had been engaged by Mr. Lumley to sing at Her Majesty's Theatre. Mr. Gye, who ran Covent Garden Theatre, procured her to break her contract with Mr. Lumley by promising to pay her more. He was held liable to Mr. Lumley for inducing a breach of contract. This is a principle readily applicable to union situations. In the case of a strike, a union effectively persuades or decides for workers to go on strike, in breach of their contracts with employers. But in "Allen", the House of Lords held that a trade union could not be sued by a non-union worker for pressuring the employer into not hiring them. They said that even though the union's motive was malicious, the employer not hiring the non-union worker was lawful.
But then, "Taff Vale Railway Co v Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants" (1901) surprised everyone by saying that trade unions could be held liable for damages caused by industrial action. The Lords said if unions can harm people, they are bodies capable of being sued. The Labour movement was so incensed that it met at Farringdon Town Hall and resolved to form a Labour Party to get the decision reversed in Parliament. Two further cases followed worsening the possibility to collectively bargain. "Quinn v Leatham" ended all possibilities of a closed shop and "South Wales Miners' Federation v Glamorgan Coal Co" held that a union which induced a breach of contract had no defence of an "honest motive" (for instance, wanting to improve working conditions and get fair pay for employees).
Politics.
The Liberal Party was returned with a large majority in the House of Commons in the general election of 1906. A minority in the new Cabinet, including Campbell-Bannerman and John Burns, wanted to introduce a Bill stating that trade unions could not be liable for damages. However the majority opinion in the Cabinet, led by H. H. Asquith and other members with legal experience, argued that this would make unions too powerful and instead proposed to limit the application of the law of agency in respect to union activities. The latter faction prevailed and a Bill was introduced on 28 March 1906 by the Solicitor General for England and Wales, William Robson. Many of the radical MPs did not understand the complicated legal wording of the Bill and so trade union MPs, led by W. Hudson, introduced their own Bill.
Passage through Parliament.
The Private Members' Bill was severely criticised by the Attorney General for England and Wales, John Lawson Walton, "who tore it to pieces in his best forensic style". Without warning his colleagues Campbell-Bannerman spoke in favour of the trade unionists' Bill:
I have never been, and I do not profess to be now, very intimately acquainted with the technicalities of the question, or with the legal points involved in it. The great object then was, and still is, to place the two rival powers of capital and labour on an equality so that the fight between them, so far as fight is necessary, should be at least a fair one. ...I always vote on the second reading of a Bill with the understood reservation of details, which are to be considered afterwards. That is the universal practice. Shall I repeat that vote today? of "Yes". I do not see any reason under the sun why I should not.
The Conservative MP George Wyndham said he had heard Campbell-Bannerman's peroration with blank amazement as it was incredible that he should on Friday request that MPs vote for a Bill which his Attorney-General had strongly denounced on Wednesday. Asquith and the rest of the Government opposition to the trade unionists' Bill argued against it inside the Cabinet but the outcome of the Committee dealing with the Bill in August was to favour the trade unions' alternative.
During the Second Reading of the Trade Disputes Bill, Sir William Robson noted that the Bill was intended to prevent "industrial conflict being the subject of litigation".
Assessments.
George Dangerfield wrote in his "The Strange Death of Liberal England":
It gave the Unions an astounding, indeed an unlimited immunity. Labour was jubilant. The most powerful Government in history had been compelled, by scarcely more than a single show of power, to yield to the just demands of organized workers.
The English constitutional theorist A. V. Dicey argued that the Act conferred
upon a trade union a freedom from civil liability for the commission of even the most heinous wrong by the union or its servant, and in short conferupon every trade union a privilege and protection not possessed by any other person or body of persons, whether corporate or incorporate... [this Act makes a trade union a privileged body exempted from the ordinary law of the land. No such privileged body has ever before been deliberately created by an English Parliament.
The economist Joseph Schumpeter in his book "Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy" said of the Act:
It is difficult, at the present time, to realize how this measure must have struck people who still believed in a state and in a legal system that centered in the institution of private property. For in relaxing the law of conspiracy in respect to peaceful picketing—which practically amounted to legalization of trade-union action implying the threat of force—and in exempting trade-union funds from liability in action for damages "for torts"—which practically amounted to enacting that trade unions could do no wrong—this measure in fact resigned to the trade unions part of the authority of the state and granted to them a position of privilege which the formal extension of the exemption to employers' unions was powerless to affect.
It remained in force until 1971. For the centenary of the Act, the Trades Union Congress campaigned for a Trade Union Freedom Bill.
Right to strike.
The Act was one of the most significant pieces of legislation for the 20th century, and was the cornerstone of the whole country's system of collective bargaining. It was also heavily influential abroad. The right to strike is now a "fundamental human right". In "London Underground Ltd v NUR", Millett LJ said,
"a right which was first conferred by Parliament in 1906, which has been enjoyed by trade unions ever since and which is today recognised as encompassing a fundamental human right".

</doc>
<doc id="5927561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927561" title="Lucile Lomen">
Lucile Lomen

Helen Lucile Lomen (August 21, 1920 – June 21, 1996) was the first woman to serve as a law clerk for a Supreme Court justice. 
Lomen was born in Nome, Alaska in 1920. Her family later moved to Seattle, where she graduated from high school in 1937. She then attended Whitman College, from which she graduated with honors in 1941. Lomen went to law school at the University of Washington. Upon graduation, she went to Washington, D.C. to clerk for Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas (himself a Whitman alum) for the 1944–1945 term. After her time at the Supreme Court, Lomen turned down a position in the U.S. Department of Justice in favor of her home state of Washington as assistant attorney general, where she served for three years. She went on to a 35-year career in multiple positions for General Electric including counsel for corporate affairs. She retired in 1983 and died at the age of 75 in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5927563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927563" title="Thomas Fitchie">
Thomas Fitchie

Thomas Tindal Fitchie (11 December 1881 – 17 October 1941) was a Scottish football player.
A talented forward, nicknamed the "Prince of Dribblers", Fitchie was born in Edinburgh and played football as an amateur (having had too many business commitments to commit to the game professionally). He appears to have travelled a lot, and his career was rather eclectic as a result; he played for a variety of clubs, and the dates of some of his tenures are not known.
Having started out at West Norwood, Fitchie joined Woolwich Arsenal when he was 19, in November 1901. He made his debut against Gainsborough Trinity in a Second Division match on February 8, 1902, and scored twice as Woolwich Arsenal rolled out 5-0 winners. However, being unable to fully commit to the team, he was only in the Woolwich Arsenal side intermittently, and often guested for other London sides, including Fulham, London Caledonians and even Tottenham Hotspur — although as they were not at this time Arsenal's deadly local rivals, this would have raised few eyebrows at the time.
Fitchie's main club, however, was Woolwich Arsenal, and it seems he played mostly for them while he was in London. It wasn't until the 1904-05 season did he have any sort of decent run in the side, though; he scored six goals in nine league games that season, Arsenal's first in the First Division.
Fitchie's ability was such that he was called up to play for Scotland, against Wales on March 6, 1905, which Scotland lost 3-1. In all he won four caps for his country, scoring one goal — the only goal of the game against Ireland on St Patrick's Day 1906. He was still a regular for Woolwich Arsenal, scoring nine league goals in 1905-06 and reaching an FA Cup semi-final the same season.
Fitchie left Arsenal in mid-1906 back to his native Scotland, and played for Queen's Park for two years. He also spent some time in Southern England during this period, occasionally appearing for Norwich City and Brighton & Hove Albion. He returned to Woolwich Arsenal in 1908, and he played another full season (1908-09) there; he scored ten goals (nine in the league, one in the cup) in twenty-one games, making him Arsenal's top scorer; that season they finished sixth in the First Division, which would remain their highest-finishing position until 1925-26. In all, he played 63 times for Arsenal and scored 30 goals.
After leaving Arsenal, Fitchie joined a touring team known as The Pilgrims, a side composed of British players that toured the United States in October and November 1909. After returning to England, Fitchie played for Glossop North End between 1909 and 1911, and Fulham for a second spell in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="5927570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927570" title="Watkins, Colorado">
Watkins, Colorado

Watkins (also once called Box Elder) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Arapahoe and Adams counties, Colorado, United States, adjacent to the city of Aurora. It was formerly an incorporated town. The post office serving Watkins, which actually lies within the Aurora city limits, has the ZIP Code 80137. As of the 2010 census Watkins had a population of 653.
Long an unincorporated community, Watkins incorporated as a town on June 15, 2004. However, on November 7, 2006, the town voted to revert to being an unincorporated community by a margin of 308-184.
Watkins is involved in trying to build the First Park in Adams County, and the Watkins Historical Preservation Society is co-operating with the town on some historical buildings for installation in the park as well. Front Range Airport is located near Watkins.
Geography.
Watkins is located at (39.744946,-104.606838).

</doc>
<doc id="5927588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927588" title="Spoilsport">
Spoilsport

Spoilsport is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. Her first appearance was in "Generation X #53".
Fictional character biography.
Spoilsport was born an advanced generation mutant and is the younger sister to the mutant Dragonwing. She became a member of the Rising Sons with her brother, Nightwind, Jet-Black, the Sign and Tough Love. The Rising Sun were hired to protect a man named Noy, who had in his possession a sword that was used to kill Adrienne Frost's husband.
Adrienne wanted the sword for herself and sent the mercenary Paladin to get it, but the Rising Sons fought him off and left him for dead. Paladin returned alongside Generation X members Jubilee, Skin, Chamber, Synch and Husk.
Even though Spoilsport seemed rather flighty and superficial, she was an avid warrior. She attacked and bested Paladin, but was later defeated by Jubilee and Skin.
When the mentally ill Scarlet Witch depowered over 90% of the world's mutant population on M-Day, Spoilsport was among the many who lost her powers.
Powers and abilities.
Spoilsport is a mutant with the ability to defy gravity when skating on her inline skates. She can zoom at high speeds up walls and on ceilings without any problem, and frequently uses surprise and her agility to take her opponents down quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="5927595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927595" title="Comic Strip Live">
Comic Strip Live

The Comic Strip Live is the oldest stand-up comedy showcase club in New York City and the world. Located at 1568 Second Avenue (between 81st and 82nd Streets).
Beginnings.
Before emerging as venue spotlighting only stand up comedians, the club originally featured singers, magicians, and novelty acts. Chris Rock used to clean tables to get extra stage time and Colin Quinn was a bartender at the club as well. 
Present.
Primarily a showcase club, the Comic Strip encourages performers to consistently write, perform and perfect new material. Once a year, the club holds an "Audition Lottery", where aspiring newcomers line up to be given a date to try out their routine on "Audition Night". If they do well, the club's talent booker passes them. "Passing" means getting a chance to work late night, where you perfect your act this occurs weeknights after the regular show has ended. 
Guinness World Record.
From June 3, 2008 through June 5 the Comic Strip Live broke the Guinness World Record for the Longest Continuous Stand Up Comedy Show finishing at slightly beyond the 50-hour mark. The entire event was hosted by William Stephenson and included performances by Dave Attell, Judah Friedlander, Ted Alexandro, Tony Rock, Jeffrey Ross, Mike Birbiglia, Judy Gold, Rich Vos, Greg Giraldo and more. 
Notes.
Fox Broadcasting Company had an unrelated late-night stand-up comedy showcase, "Comic Strip Live" airing in the late 1980s and into the early 1990s. The club changed its name from The Comic Strip to Comic Strip Live in an apparent attempt to capitalize on this.

</doc>
<doc id="5927598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927598" title="Nightwind">
Nightwind

Nightwind is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. Her first appearance was in "Generation X #53".
Fictional character biography.
Nightwind trained as a ninja, and learned to use her mutant power over Darkforce to shape a sword which she could use to kill or stun her opponents. She became a member of the Rising Sons with Dragonwing, Spoilsport, Jet-Black, the Sign and Tough Love. The Rising Suns were hired to protect a man named Noy, who had in his possession a sword that was used to kill Adrienne Frost's husband.
Adrienne wanted the sword for herself and sent the mercenary Paladin to get it, but the Rising Sons fought him off and left him for dead. Paladin returned alongside Generation X members Jubilee, Skin, Chamber, Synch and Husk.
This led to a confrontation with Generation X where Nightwind ambushed Chamber and almost killed him by knocking him out of an apartment window. She then jumped out of the window herself and boarded a train with Noy on it. When the Generation X members made their way onto the train and split up it was Synch and Skin who found her first. If not for Synch's ability to sense mutagenic auras they might have been killed, but Synch copied her powers to battle her. Although Synch was able to copy her powers he was unable to copy her skill and she proved herself to be the superior fighter to Synch. Before she was able to finish her battle Skin used his abilities to suffocate her until she passed out.
When the mentally ill Scarlet Witch depowered over 90% of the world's mutant population on M-Day, Nightwind was among the many who lost her powers.
Powers and abilities.
Nightwind is a mutant with the ability to generate a sword made of darkforce. This sword can be used to damage targets physically or mentally as she chooses.

</doc>
<doc id="5927602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927602" title="Area code 580">
Area code 580

Area code 580 serves the state of Oklahoma, serving places away from the Oklahoma City or Tulsa areas, including: Ada, Lawton, Enid, Ponca City, Altus, Frederick, Weatherford, Guymon, Durant, and Ardmore. 
580 was created by splitting from area code 405 on November 1, 1997.[http://www.ou.edu/oupd/areacode.htm]
Oklahoma's other area codes are 405, which covers central Oklahoma (mostly the Oklahoma City area), and 539/918, in northeastern Oklahoma, including Tulsa.

</doc>
<doc id="5927604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927604" title="Lee Norwood">
Lee Norwood

Lee Charles Norwood (born February 2, 1960 in Oakland, California) is a retired American ice hockey player. Although Norwood was born in California, he grew up in Trenton, Michigan.
Playing the position of defenseman, Norwood was drafted in 1979 by the Quebec Nordiques. He also played for the Washington Capitals, St. Louis Blues, Detroit Red Wings, New Jersey Devils, Hartford Whalers, and Calgary Flames. After his stint with the Flames, he retired from professional play in 1994, only to return to active play a year later in the International Hockey League for two seasons before hanging up the skates for good.
In 503 NHL games, Norwood had 58 goals, 153 assists, and 1,099 penalty minutes. Lee served as the head coach of the Eastern Michigan University hockey team but was released from his position after the 07–08 season. He currently does work on behalf of the Red Wings Alumni Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5927636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927636" title="Tony Tirabassi">
Tony Tirabassi

Anthony "Tony" Tirabassi (born 30 October 1957 in Thorold, Ontario) was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons from 2000 to 2004. In the 2000 federal election he won the Niagara Centre riding in Ontario to become a member of the 37th Canadian Parliament; he succeeded the Liberal incumbent, retiring Speaker of the House Gilbert Parent, who had held the riding since its creation in 1988. He is a career salesman.
His term in Parliament included service as Parliamentary Secretary of the Treasury Board President.
Tirabassi retired from political life after his first term, when his Niagara Centre riding was abolished and replaced by other electoral districts due to redistribution. Tirabassi lost the Liberal nomination for the Welland riding to John Maloney, another incumbent Member of Parliament (see 2004 Liberal Party of Canada infighting).

</doc>
<doc id="5927649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927649" title="OFC Women's Nations Cup">
OFC Women's Nations Cup

The OFC Women's Championship (also known as the Oceania Cup) is a competition in women's football for national teams which belong to the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC). 8 tournaments have been held, with the current champions being New Zealand.
The competition has served as a qualifying tournament for the FIFA Women's World Cup since 1991. In 2007, the competition took place in Papua New Guinea for the second time. Tonga and the Solomon Islands each took part for the first time in the four-team event, which was plagued by withdrawals from six squads.
The next edition is scheduled for 10 to 20 September 2014 and to be played in New Zealand.
Results.
The top three placed teams so far were: 
Note: "aet" - after extra time

</doc>
<doc id="5927657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927657" title="Cypress Woods High School">
Cypress Woods High School

Cypress Woods High School is a secondary school located in Cypress, which is an unincorporated area of Harris County, Texas, near Houston.
The principal of Cypress Woods is Gary Kinninger. The school mascot is the Wildcat.
In 2011, the school was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
Cypress Woods, announced in 2005 as Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District High School #8, is part of the Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District. The school opened in the fall of 2006 due to rapid growth of CFISD. The campus was built at a cost of 50.9 million United States dollars by Pepper-Lawson Incorporated on a site. The campus was designed by PBK. CWHS relieved Cy-Fair High School and Cypress Falls High School.
The first graduating class graduated in 2009. About 140 staff members (including 100 teachers) served about 2,100 students when Cypress Woods opened.
Future students chose Wildcat for the school mascot. The board of trustees approved crimson and gold as the school colors.
Neighborhoods served.
Several master-planned subdivisions, such as Coles Crossing, Lakewood Glen, Lakewood Oaks Estates, Northlake Forest, Cypress Fields, Stablegate, Sydney Harbour, Lakes of Rosehill, Cypress Mill, Cypress Creek Lakes, Fairwood, Riata Ranch, Stable Gate, Stablewood Farms, The Reserve at Cypress Creek, Stone Gate, Cypress Creek Ranch, Cypress Ridge, Black Horse Ranch, and Cypress Point are zoned into CWHS.
Feeder patterns.
Schools that feed into Cypress Woods include:

</doc>
<doc id="5927668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927668" title="Buddy Feyne">
Buddy Feyne

Buddy Feyne (June 9, 1912 – December 10, 1998) was an American composer and lyricist of the swing era.
He penned the lyrics for the standards "Tuxedo Junction" (which was #1 for Glenn Miller on the Billboard charts in 1940) and "Jersey Bounce" (which was #15 on the "Cash Box" Hit Parade of 1942). His songs have been recorded by artists as diverse as Glenn Miller, Joe Williams, The Manhattan Transfer, Ella Fitzgerald, Gene Autry, Nat King Cole, Louis Armstrong, The Andrews Sisters, Frankie Avalon, Joe Jackson, George Benson and Boz Scaggs.
Biography.
He was born Bernard Feinstein in New York, the youngest son of immigrants Solomon and Sarah Feinstein. His older brother, Irving, befriended Milton Berle, who advised Bernard that a Jewish name would prevent him from succeeding in the music industry, and summarily changed his name to Buddy Feyne.
Feyne was based at the Brill Building in New York, writing songs for Lewis Music Publishers, one of the few companies which published "race music", the term for songs created by black artists. In 1939, Erskine Hawkins and his band introduced "Tuxedo Junction" at the Savoy Ballroom, in New York, which was an immediate hit.
When it was decided to add words to the music, the publisher asked several different lyricists to propose words for the tune. Feyne met Hawkins and asked what the name referred to. It was named for a whistle stop spot on the "Chitlin' circuit" in Alabama. When he learned the meaning of the song, the lyrics came easily, and his were selected. Glenn Miller recorded the most successful version, reaching #1 on the Billboard charts in 1940, selling 115,000 in the first week of release. The song was also recorded by the Andrews Sisters, Duke Ellington, Jan Savitt and other orchestras. Later it became the theme song of The Manhattan Transfer, who met Feyne in 1978. Feyne played the original piano solo for them from the Miller Band and they changed their arrangement to match the original. They maintained a close friendship for the last twenty years of Feyne's life.
Feyne continued to write lyrics for black composers such as Erskine Hawkins, Bill Johnson, Dud Bascomb, Bobby Plater, Tiny Bradshaw and Edward Johnson. "Dolimite" by the Hawkins band on the Bluebird label was recorded by Jimmy Dorsey for Decca (1940). Feyne became a member of the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) in 1940. He used the nom de plume "Robert B. Wright" when he penned the lyrics for "After Hours", a haunting blues piece composed by Avery Parrish. "Jersey Bounce" followed soon after. He wrote the lyrics to the Glenn Miller #3 "Billboard" chart hit "I Dreamt I Dwelt in Harlem" in 1941, with music by Jerry Gray. He wrote with many other composers, sang on the radio, and was a writer-producer of the series "Rhythm School of the Air".
Drafted in World War II, while in training at Fort Pickett in VA, Buddy continued to write songs and was sand his tune, "Your Soldier Boy" on Armed Forces Radio, recorded on the base. He served in the Pacific in the 77th Infantry Division and was awarded the Bronze Starand the Purple Heart. As his regiment was too far for the USO to reach he also wrote, conducted and performed in Army shows in the Philippines. 
After the war, Buddy collaborated on several musicals with Harry Revel, Bill Harrington and Bill Baker; wrote and produced for television; and composed "Time for Fun", an album of children's songs. In 1954, Feyne collaborated with Maurice Shapiro on "Why", recorded by Nat King Cole and Karen Chandler.
In the 1960s, he teamed with Denny McReynolds, writing a series of swing ballads. He also wrote with Joe Williams, who recorded their song "Everybody Wants to be Loved" and performed it on "The Joey Bishop Show". Next he teamed with Bill Baker, writing numerous songs, albums, scoring films, "Diary of a Stewardess" and "Dead End Dolls", and also the show, "Up Your Alley". Producer Harry Delmar worked with Feyne on producing "Up Your Alley". In addition to songs, he also wrote special material for The Ed Sullivan Tribute at the Lambs Club.
Over his life, Feyne wrote more than 400 songs. Co-writers included Milton Berle, Harry Revel, Bill Harrington, Raymond Scott, Stan Worth, Al Sherman, Ken Carson, Bill Baker, Joe Williams, and Peter Tinturin.
Artists who recorded Feyne's songs included: Cab Calloway, Lester Young, Erskine Hawkins, Gene Autry, Henry Mancini, Red Norvo, Bob Crosby, Benny Goodman, Glenn Miller, BBC Dance Band, Kay Kyser, Ozzie Nelson, Teddy Powell, Alvino Rey, Joe Williams, The King Sisters, Gene Krupa, Frankie Avalon, Ella Fitzgerald, Joe Jackson, LA Jazz Choir, The Manhattan Transfer and Nat King Cole.
Buddy Feyne died in Canoga Park, Los Angeles in 1998, at the age of 86.
Hit compositions.
Songs
Musicals:
Films with Buddy Feyne Songs:

</doc>
<doc id="5927677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927677" title="Mobile National Cemetery">
Mobile National Cemetery

Mobile National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Mobile, Alabama. It encompasses , and as of the end of 2005, had 5,326 interments. It is an annex to the larger Magnolia Cemetery. Mobile National Cemetery is administered by Barrancas National Cemetery in Pensacola, Florida, and is currently closed to new interments.
History.
Mobile National Cemetery was established in 1865, when Union troops occupied the city of Mobile after the Battle of Mobile Bay, during the Civil War. Initially, casualties of the battle were interred in a section of the city owned Magnolia Cemetery, but they quickly had a need for more space and a plot of was granted to the Army by the city in 1866. By 1871, the cemetery had 841 interments, mostly soldiers whose remains were moved from other nearby battlefield sites.
Mobile National Cemetery was listed, along with the rest of Magnolia Cemetery, on the National Register of Historic Places on 13 June 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5927682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927682" title="Cypress Ranch High School">
Cypress Ranch High School

Cypress Ranch High School is a secondary school located in Cypress, which is an unincorporated place in Harris County, Texas, near Houston. The school colors for Cypress Ranch are navy blue and gold. First graduating class was 2011. 
Notable alumni.
Luke Becker-member of the Oklahoma City Thunder
Feeder patterns.
Schools that feed into Cypress Ranch include:

</doc>
<doc id="5927688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927688" title="Cypress Lake High School">
Cypress Lake High School

Cypress Lake High School Center for the Arts is a secondary school located in Fort Myers, Florida. Cypress Lake High School is a high school in the South Zone specializing in five arts programs: Media Arts, Music, Dance, Theater, and Visual Arts.
Cypress Lake has AP programs, foreign language classes (including French, Spanish, German, and Latin), and a large ESOL program.
Center for the Arts.
Cypress Lake High School's secondary campus, the Center for Arts, is exclusively for students with a concentration in one of the arts programs; it is located north of the main campus and consists of five distinct departments. In the past, Cypress Lake High School and Cypress Lake Center for the Arts were separate institutions and therefore had a separate set of administration and staff. Students attending Cypress Lake Center for the Arts would take their academic classes at Cypress Lake High School. Nowadays, they are one coherent school, with the same staff and administration.
These are the arts programs offered:
Media Arts: The Media Department specializes in television production and digital editing. The department's video editing technique is non-linear, using Adobe Premiere. The department has a full-sized television studio, with three cameras and a fully functional control room, as well as a full computer lab.
Music: The Music Department has music theory programs as well as band, choral, and orchestral ensembles. In 2003 the Camerata Orchestra was invited to National Orchestra Festival. The a Capella choir also received national recognition. In 2009 the Cypress Lake Wind Ensemble performed at Carnegie Hall for the National Band Festival and selected as 1 of 18 ensembles in the country to play over hundreds of applicants that auditioned and were judged by the top professors and judges in the country.
Dance: The Dance Department teaches Ballet, Choreography, Dance Tech, and Repertory. There are two large dance floors and instructors. Shows are put on in Cypress' Auditorium.
Theatre: The Theatre Department instructs students in the dramatic arts, and stages many performances each year. The Department holds a modular theater (nicknamed the "Black Box" for its appearance) and an outdoor amphitheater.
Visual Arts: The Visual Arts Department teaches the crafts of drawing, painting, pottery, computer graphics, digital art, photography and a variety of other mediums. The department has a dark room to develop pictures, and computers for digital art and research. Every year they hold various art shows and at the end of the year a senior art show featuring the artwork of the graduating class.

</doc>
<doc id="5927711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927711" title="Ruins (disambiguation)">
Ruins (disambiguation)

Ruins are the remains of man-made architecture.
Ruins or ruin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927719" title="SpywareQuake">
SpywareQuake

SpywareQuake is a fake anti-malware program for Microsoft Windows. It is commonly installed by Trojan Horse programs, but can be manually installed.
Latest Update.
SpywareQuake's latest update was at February 13, 2007 11:49:07 AM. No later updates were ever recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="5927721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927721" title="Cypress Ridge High School">
Cypress Ridge High School

Cypress Ridge High School is a tertiary school located in unincorporated Harris County, Texas. It was established in 2002 as Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District High School #7. Cypress Ridge provides the deaf education program for Cy Fair ISD and surrounding school districts.
Feeder patterns.
Schools that feed into Cypress Ridge include:

</doc>
<doc id="5927723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927723" title="Interface (film)">
Interface (film)

Interface is a 1984 horror movie. It was directed by Andy Anderson and starred John Davies, Lauren Lane, and Mathew Sacks. It is notable for providing Lou Diamond Phillips his first film role, as PUNK#1.
The movie takes place on a fictional college campus. Davies, starring as a professor, discovers a secret society of hackers on campus; they kill his star pupil. Hobson attempts to uncover and neutralize the society, even as he himself becomes a suspect in his student's death.

</doc>
<doc id="5927726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927726" title="Jeffrey Gorton">
Jeffrey Gorton

Jeffrey Wayne Gorton (born November 1, 1962) is an American murderer and rapist, who was convicted in 2002 of the rape and murder of flight attendant Nancy Ludwig on February 17, 1991 at the Hilton hotel in Romulus, Michigan. He later pleaded no contest to charges that he raped and murdered a professor and provost of the University of Michigan-Flint, Margarette Eby, on November 9, 1986.
The two rapes and murders were proved to be the work of one person by matching semen samples taken from the two crime scenes. Gorton had left a latent fingerprint at the Eby crime scene; when it was matched to him, the Michigan State Police learned the killer's identity. Gorton was then proven to be the rapist by matching the DNA of his semen with that of the samples taken from the two murder victims.
Gorton was sentenced to life imprisonment without parole.
References.
Offender Tracking System

</doc>
<doc id="5927729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927729" title="Guy Murchie">
Guy Murchie

Guy Murchie (Jr.) (25 January 1907 - 8 July 1997), the son of Ethel A. and Guy Murchie Sr., was a Chicago Tribune photographer, staff artist and reporter, who had served as a war correspondent in England and Iceland from 1940 to 1942. He was briefly married to Barbara Cooney (1944–1947), with whom he shared two children (Gretel and Barnaby). He was a flight instructor and a practising member of the Bahá'í Faith. His books included "Men on the Horizon" (1932), "Song of the Sky" (1954), "Music of the Spheres" (1961), and "The Seven Mysteries of Life" (1978). Murchie also illustrated his books with etchings and woodcuts of his own design. The American Museum of Natural History awarded him the John Burroughs Medal in 1956 for "Song of the Sky".
The Seven Mysteries of Life.
In his "The Seven Mysteries of Life" all knowledge is organized around seven philosophical principles - ideas like transcendence and vitality, "In some sense, I have little doubt, that genes know what they are doing, for they are memory incarnate, letters of living purpose, the script of life in a material universe." "When you look at a planet whole, from outside, for the first time, certain things come clear that you never could be quite sure of before. One is a persistent feeling that all the inhabitants of that world must be related." Murchie invited those who saw themselves as spiritual or religious to appreciate the wondrous complexities of nature with the same sensibility that they used to celebrate their deities.
His observations included that there are degrees of sex, rather than just the two opposite extremes. Going beyond the acknowledged traditional five senses, he observed up to a total of 32 other senses exist, including the sense of time and the sense of fear.
However, one of his greatest contributions was in the concept of the superorganism. Murchie notes that often groups behave as an individual organism. He asks "Who runs an ant colony?" "How do ants decide to move their nest somewhere else?" Similarly, bees of a beehive communicate (at least as far as directing their fellow bees to food) with a language which is made of dance steps (including sounds and smells). The ant colony and the beehive behave like a single organism with its own mind: a beehive metabolizes, has a cognitive life (makes decisions), acts (it can move, attack) and so forth. In this scenario, language can be viewed from a different perspective, as the mechanism that allows the organism to be one. Where does language come from is a question that does not only apply to humans, but to all species, each species having its own "language". Murchie further envisioned the earth as a single organism. On his view, all living organisms, along with all the minerals on the surface of the Earth, compose one giant integrated system that controls its behavior so as to survive as a whole. Galaxies can be viewed analogously. After all, living beings are made of star dust. Life is inherent in nature. To this effect, Murchie describes sophisticated geologic phenomena such as sand dunes, glaciers, fires, etc. as living organisms, as well as the life of metals and crystals. The question is not whether there is life outside our planet, but whether it is possible to have "nonlife". 
Murchie also expounded on the properties of mind. He states that memory is ubiquitous (i.e., all over the place) in nature. For example, energy conservation is a form of memory (an elastic band remembers how much energy was put into stretching it and eventually goes back to the original position). Thus, mind in this sense is a universal aspect of life and energy. Murchie believed that there is one huge mind, the "thinking layer" around the Earth, which corresponds to the noosphere. Individual consciousnesses are absorbed into the superconsciousness of a social group, which is part of a superconsciousness of the world. In Murchie's opinion, the world has a soul, analogous to Pythagoreans' "anima mundi" and to the Hindu concept that Atman equals Brahman. 
Murchie further speculated on the origin of death. Death is an evolutionary advantage: immortal beings that did not change would be easy prey to environmental changes. Death allows for regeneration and for the creation of new species. Death is a tool for change and progress.

</doc>
<doc id="5927734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927734" title="Jean René Bazaine">
Jean René Bazaine

Jean René Bazaine (21 December 1904, Paris – 4 March 2001, Clamart) was a French painter, designer of stained glass windows, and writer. He was the great great grandson of the English Court portraitist Sir George Hayter.
Studies.
Bazaine studied sculpture at the Académie Julian and with Paul Landowski after a brief passage at the École des Beaux-Arts. At the same time he continued his study of philosophy and literature at the Sorbonne in Paris attaining "certificats" in art history and philosophy (1921–1925). Bergson's "L'évolution créatrice" was his main inspiration at the time. With Baltrušaitis he participated at the first "Groupe d'Histoire de l'art" led by Emile Mâle and Henri Focillon.
These studies would culminate in an influential text "Notes sur la peinture d'aujourd'hui" (1948), aimed at going beyond the boundaries -quite dogmatic at the time- of "abstract" and "figurative". It supplied the theoretical base for his creative criticism that found its practical use when he was invited, in 1952, by the Carnegie Foundation to sit as the European member of the jury for the "Pittsburgh International Exhibition of Contemporary Painting" in company with the American painter William Baziotes.
Bazaine did not pursue his initiation into sculpture, though he became one of the great friends of Calder, Henri Laurens and of Giacometti, his neighbour at his atelier in the Paris "Zone" -Porte de Vanves.
Painting.
Bazaine was to develop into a significant Modern School of Paris painter. A fire in his workshop in 1945 destroyed almost his entire production, leaving only scant reference to his important series of watercolors of the 1930s that prefigured the experimental feel of his mature work.( see however: SKIRA 1990, ref below ).
His work was first shown in company with Jean Fautrier, Edouard Goerg and Marcel Gromaire (Galerie Jeanne Castel, Paris 1930). At his first individual show (Galerie Van Leer, Paris 1932) he was favourably receivedby Pierre Bonnard who seemed to recognize a progressive tendency rooted in his own sense of colour (Post-Impressionism developing into Abstract Impressionism). In 1937 he first bonded in friendship with Jacques Villon.
Demobilized from the army in 1941 Bazaine, in the face of the prejudice over Degenerate Art, organized an avant-garde picture show (Galerie Braun Paris 1941) under the heading "Vingt Jeunes Peintres de Tradition Française": Estève, Lapique, Pignon were but a few of the artists involved. 1942 was to be the year of his definitive turn towards the "abstract" - though he would never refer to himself as an abstract painter (Bernier 1955). In 1949/1950 he had his first major one man show at the Galerie Maeght, who remained his art dealer thenceforth. From then on it was a steady progress of major exhibitions: Bern, Hanover, Zürich, Oslo... 1987 a retrospective exhibition in Galerie Maeght, 1988 a retrospective of his drawings in the Musée Matisse and finally in 1990 the "Exposition Bazaine" in the Galeries Nationales du Grand Palais, Paris., which was accompanied by the reissue of his major texts on painting in art theory as "Le temps de la peinture" (Paris, Aubier 1990).
However, his richest contacts with contemporary master-painters were to be within the specialized field of stained glass.
Stained glass and mosaic.
In 1937 at the workshop of the glazier Jean Hébert-Stevens, who worked out Bazaine's first stained glass "Les Instruments de la Passion" for a private chapel, he came in contact with Georges Rouault and Georges Braque, who were also designing glass for church windows. In 1943, he made three windows for the church of Nôtre Dame de Toute Grace at Assy on the subject of saints related to music, at the glazier's workshop of Marguerite Huré, who showed him the tricks of the trade. With those works, he was to figure in the company of Georges Rouault (stained glass), Henri Matisse (mural), Fernand Léger (mosaic), Pierre Bonnard (painting), Marc Chagall (ceramics), and others (see: [http://foto.telenet.be/7033935954).
A magnificent catalyst in the debate on modern art and religion at the time was Father Couturier, who had so great an impact on Matisse and his designs for the Vence Chapel, on Dominique de Menil and the Rothko Chapel. It was Father Couturier who brought Bazaine into the project for the Church of the Sacred Heart at Audincourt (1951), where this time Fernand Léger was to design the stained glass (executed by Jean Barillet)[http://www.uni-koeln.de/ew-fak/Bildtheologie/diathek/bj2.001.jpg]; to Bazaine fell the mosaic for the outside wall. Later (1954) he also completed the glazed wall of the baptistery (see: Cherche Midi, 1997).
The Eglise de Sacré-Cœur d'Audincourt, built in part with the savings of the industrial workers who composed the parish—and who chose the avowed "communist" Fernand Léger as their creative (and extremely versatile) main interpreter—stands as one of the great monuments of twentieth-century "sacred art" (see: Mills, 1956). The experience left Bazaine with a fond memory of Léger:
More mosaics were to follow: UNESCO Paris 1960, Skissernes Museum Lund 1965, Faculté des Sciences de l'Université de Metz 1977, Hôtel de Ville Martigues 1981, Salle Clemenceau, Palais du Luxembourg and Métro Cluny-La Sorbonne Paris 1985-1987, Mjällby Konstgard Halmstad 1988–1989 as well as some great series of stained glass windows.
Since his early travels to Brittany Bazaine had fallen in love with the sea and his series of windows in Finistère are among his best inspired: Penguilly Castle, two windows 1973; Locronan, six windows for the Ty ar Zonj chapel 1977; Penmarc'h, six windows for the Madeleine Chapel 1979–1981. 
Among Bazaine's best known stained glass work is a set of seven windows inspired by the sacraments of the Catholic church, in the ambulatory of the ancient church of Saint-Séverin in Paris 1964–1969; executed by Bernard Allain, who also signed for the Brittany windows (with E. Bonte at Penmarc'h).
There were other windows as well as monumental works; tapestries for the Palais de Justice Lille 1969, for the Ecole Navale at Lanvéoc-Poulmic (Finistère) 1973.
Chartres stained glass, Bazaine, together with Alfred Manessier founded the Association pour la Défense des Vitraux de France (the "Association for the Defense of France's Stained Glass"). In 1984–1988 he was master of the works for executing the new windows of the cathedral of Saint-Dié-des-Vosges, for which he assembled an impressive company of painters and master-glaziers. In 1980 he had been created Commandeur des Arts et Lettres.
1993–1995 saw a traveling exhibition of his monumental works. In 1996, a great mosaic (15 m × 12 m) was executed for the new church at Concarneau; there were glazed windows for the Chapelle St Dominique - St Matthieu in Paris, a series of works on paper for the Aix Festival and a retrospective at Fribourg.
In 1997, when "Jean Bazaine, couleurs et mots - entretiens avec Paul Ricœur et Henri Maldiney" appeared, summarizing his career, his monumental mosaic "L'Envol de la Liberté" on the Mur de la Liberté (Liberty Wall) at Saint-Dié-des-Vosges was being completed.
Poetry.
Throughout his career Bazaine kept contact with many poets, some twenty of whom he saluted in "Jean Bazaine, couleurs et mots" (1997) including Paul Éluard, Abdellatif Laabi, Pierre Lecomte du Noüy, Eugène Guillevic.
Three of them stand out as lifelong friends and soulmates, André Frénaud (whose work has been translated by Keith Bosley), Jean Tardieu, and his own son Jean-Baptiste de Seynes who took his name from his mother Catherine de Seynes-Bazaine.
Bazaine illustrated Raymond Queneau's monograph "André Frénaud" for Le Divan Editeur, 1960 (150 ex. with an original lithograph, thirty examples "hors series" with an added lithograph).
Bazaine died at the age of 96 at the end of a day's work on a series of collages, a notable example (1995) of which is printed in "Jean Bazaine, coleurs et mots" (1997) bearing the title "L'étape dans la clairière" after a cycle of poems by Frénaud (1966).

</doc>
<doc id="5927763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927763" title="WATZ-FM">
WATZ-FM

WATZ-FM (99.3 FM) and WRGZ (96.7 FM, "WATZ 99.3 and 96.7") are two radio stations simulcasting a country music format. The two stations are licensed to the cities of Alpena (WATZ) and Rogers City, Michigan (WRGZ). WRGZ first began broadcasting in 1984 under the call sign WMLQ while WATZ has been assigned the same call sign since it signed on in the late 1960s. The stations, along with sister station WATZ AM, are currently owned by Midwestern Broadcasting Company.
WATZ History.
WATZ signed on the air in the late 1960s as an adult contemporary station at 93.5 FM, known for several years as "Z93." In 1988, the format of WATZ-FM was changed to country and the signal moved to 99.3 so the station could boost its power from 3,000 to 50,000 watts. For the next several years, WATZ-FM simulcasted the long-time Country music format of sister station WATZ AM. In the mid-90s, WATZ AM had switched to a news/talk format while WATZ-FM retained the Country format. WATZ-FM became a 24-hour broadcaster in 1999, using a satellite feed from Jones Radio Networks from 11 p.m. to 5:30 a.m. Prior to this, the station went off the air at 1 a.m.
WRGZ History.
WRGZ began as the 26,000 watt WMLQ, "Mello-Q", an adult contemporary station at 97.7 FM, in 1984. The station went through numerous changes during the 1990s, including a move to the current 96.7 frequency and a long-running adult standards format as "Silver 97." In 1998, the station was purchased by Xavier University in Cincinnati and converted into a public radio station. It became a repeater of WVXU, the public radio station operated by the university, and its call letters were changed to WVXA. WVXA also featured a small amount of local programming in additiont o the WVXU simulcast.
In August 2005, WVXA was sold to Cincinnati Public Radio, although it continued to serve as a repeater of WVXU. At the same time, the station's power was increased to 42,000 watts. Cincinnati Public Radio was not interested in retaining ownership of WVXU's repeater stations outside Ohio and sold the station to Midwestern in March 2006. After the sale was closed the following May, its call letters were changed to WRGZ and it began repeating WATZ. WRGZ allows WATZ's programming to be heard in areas where the 99.3 FM signal is not heard clearly, as far north as Cheboygan and into the eastern Upper Peninsula.
WATZ Today.
WATZ-FM remains locally owned and operated by the same company that founded the AM station in 1946. All of its programming from 5:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. on weekdays and during the day on weekends (except for syndicated shows such as "Bob Kingsley's Country Top 40") is broadcast from the station’s studios in downtown Alpena.

</doc>
<doc id="5927764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927764" title="List of comic book drugs">
List of comic book drugs

This is a list of performance enhancers, serums, trigger chemicals, booster drugs, and mutagenic foods in universes, that were used to give a specific hero or villain their powers. This list also provides a brief summary of heroes who gained their powers from special concoctions like Captain America's Super Soldier Serum, Hourman's Miraclo and the original Blue Beetle's Vitamin 2X.
Ace Periodicals.
Power Elixir.
Developed by a scientist named Dr. Carter, who inoculated his two sons with the serum. It gave them super strength and superspeed, but left a "W" scar on their chest. Stan, the elder son, went on to become the Golden Age hero Lone Warrior, and his younger brother Dicky became his sidekick. First appears in "Banner" #3.
Antarctic Press.
Ultra Serum.
The drug which gives Captain Patriot his powers. The drug was designed and administered by the Enterprise Group. First appears in "Meta-Docs" #0.
Archie Comics.
Secret Formula F22X.
The formula was developed by Blaine Whitney, better known as Golden Age super hero the Wizard. In order to make his physical prowess match that of his super mental powers, he invented a serum that increased his strength to superhuman levels. First appears in "Top-Notch Comics" #1.
SHIELD Formula.
The SHIELD formula was designed by scientist Tom Higgins. He was killed by enemy agents before he could complete his research and fully develop the formula. Years later his son Jon Higgins was able to finish the formula. He rubbed it into his body, donned a special suit that allowed the chemical to be absorbed more easily, and then lay under fluoroscopic lamps in order to force the formula into his organs. When he emerged 12 hours later, he had developed the super powers that he used to fight crime as the Golden Age hero the Shield. First appears in "Pep Comics" #1.
Avatar press.
FX.
A "singularly disturbing, sometimes permanently deranging and occasionally spectacularly fatal" drug used by Carrick Masterson to create the superheros in his super hero team The Levellers in the 1960s and again in his later group "The Front Line". "It's a less-than-friendly psychedelic whose positive effects include feelings of great strength and energy, intensification of the senses and general unusual stimulation. It also makes you poo yourself and be generally unpleasant to be around." 
Big Bang Comics.
Panacea Pills.
A powerful mutagenic stimulant in capsule form. Separated into three different colored pills from which Vita-Man gets his powers of superstrength (red), constitution (yellow), and speed (blue).
Rocket Pills.
A mutagenic steroid used by Jimmy Travis the "Blitz" of Earth A (Silver Age), and his sidekick Marty Eastman the "Cyclone" to gain superhuman speed. Unfortunately Cyclone became addicted to the pills and was forced to retire until he beat his addiction. Mack Snelling the Blitz of Earth B (Golden Age) also used Rocket Pills.
Charlton Comics.
U-235 Pills.
As developed by Professor Invento, they gave Atomic Mouse his powers. The active ingredient in these pills was Uranium-235. First appears in "Atomic Mouse" #1.
Comico.
Performance Enhancers.
Demon from the Justice Machine took a special performance enhancing super drug to which he eventually became addicted. The drug granted him limited super speed, as well as enhanced reflexes and strength.
Dark Horse.
Grendel.
A recreational drug from the time of Grendel Prime that enhanced human strength. "Grendel: War Child" #1.
Mayfly.
A drug from the comic Empowered, it grants 1/500 people who use it super-intelligence, at the price of cancer that kills within 24 hours. The other 499/500 end up simply getting cancer. A boy with cancer whom Empowered befriended gained his powers through the use of it, and at present is working to handle the side-effects.
DC Comics.
Anabolus Serum.
Dr. Anabolus created an experimental super soldier serum which he tested on a puppy donated by the U.S. Army K-9 corps. The formula transformed the puppy into Rex the Wonder Dog. Rex gained increased speed, strength, stamina, agility, and intelligence. Dr. Anabolus was killed by a Nazi spy shortly after, leaving Rex as the only proof of his formula's existence. First appears in "Rex the Wonder Dog" #1.
Anti-Lead Serum.
Invented by Brainiac 5, this serum protected Daxamites from the effects of lead, which affects them like Kryptonite affects Superman. The serum also allowed Mon-El to keep his powers on worlds with a red sun.
Apocritic.
The mutagenic compound called "Apocritic" made from Starro DNA by Checkmate scientists. The drug allows special field operatives designated as "Rooks" to maintain a telepathic link at the risk of summoning Starro to Earth.
Bio-Restorative Formula.
A formula developed by Alec Holland to increase the growth of plants. When a bomb exploded in his lab, Holland was doused with the burning fluid and ran dying into the Louisiana bayou. The formula combined the consciousness of Alec Holland and the swamp plants to form Swamp Thing. Before the accident, Holland calculated that 300,000,000 gallons of the Bio-Restorative Formula could have turned a desert the size of California's Mojave into a fertile crop field. From "Swamp Thing" #1.
Burnt Sienna.
Chemical warfare agent developed during the Vietnam War. An allegory of Agent Orange, it was discontinued because it was felt to be too dangerous. It was later used by a local cult leader in Cambodia who discovered that it left those exposed open to suggestion. First appears in "Captain Atom" #47.
Bzrk.
Bzrk is a toxic mutagen manufactured on the planet Apokolips. Human users increase in size and strength until they spontaneously combust. First seen in "Martian Manhunter" v.2 #30 (May 2001).
Chuckles.
A recreational drug created and distributed by Maxie Zeus in . Its key ingredient is a diluted form of The Joker toxin, another ingredient is ecstasy. Its sale causes a turf war between Zeus and the Joker.
Cortexin.
A drug created by Dr. Michael Grant, that when spilled into the water supply, gave human intelligence to the animals who drank it. This intelligence was passed down to their descendants, resulting in the talking animals of Kamandi's time. First mentioned in "Kamandi" #16.
Cosmic Carrots.
When eaten by Roger Rodney Rabbit (Captain Carrot), they dramatically enhance his physical characteristics for roughly 24 hours, depending on his physical exertion. They grew in soil contaminated by a radioactive meteor fragment ("Captain Carrot and his Amazing Zoo Crew" #1)
Delirium.
A mystical hallucinogen from India in powder form, which when inhaled “unleashes the demon that resides inside every man”. Prolonged use results in insanity. First appears in "Hawkman" #39.
DMN.
An addictive mutagen that transforms its users into pseudo-demons, the users becoming increasingly violent as they approach the end of their 'high'. Created by Lord Satanus in "Adventures of Superman" #534.
Eucharist.
An addictive enhancer drug made from the blood of the hero Endymion. Handed out by arch-villain Golgoth to his favored lieutenants. From Mark Waid and Barry Kitson's "Empire" #3.
Exo-gene.
The "Exo-gene" (also exogene) is a toxic gene therapy treatment created by Lexcorp for the Everyman Project. Unlike the genetically inherited Metagene, the Exo-gene can grant superhuman powers to anyone tested and found compatible, but it can potentially cause massive organ failure six months later. The exo-gene can be disrupted by an electromagnetic pulse or deactivated completely by mechanical means. First appears in "52" #4, first announcement of the Everyman Project in "52" #8.
Fear Gas.
A gaseous toxin invented by an unstable psychologist named Jonathan Crane (alias the Scarecrow). Fear Toxin causes its victims to experience their greatest fears and assorted phobias, and if taken in large enough doses it may have prolonged mutagenic properties. According to comments made by the Signalman in "Justice League of America" #1 (2006) it has also become a recreational drug for teenagers.
Gingold.
A special formula made from a rare tropical fruit called Gingo, that grants the Elongated Man (Ralph Dibny), and Stretch from Hero Hotline their unique stretching abilities; Gingo is also used in Gingold brand cola. It was revealed in "Invasion!" #3 that it is a metagene reaction to Gingold that grants Ralph Dibny his stretching powers, and ordinary humans will not develop stretching powers after using Gingold. (Although, in the pages of "52", Ralph successfully used it on an unconscious demon, tying up its then-rubbery body.) Normal humans are supposedly highly allergic to the concentrated form of Gingo used by Dibny. Gingold is also used in the Pseudoderm material from which the Question's mask is made.
Hairballs.
Introduced in the pages of Hawkworld, a drug that slowly transforms its users into feral werebeasts. The more they use, the more feral and out of control they become, as demonstrated by FerAlyse and other denizens of Chicago's Netherworld. It was introduced in "Hawkworld" #30.
Ilium 349.
Ilium 349 is a special rare earth element like Kryptonite, which was found only in the Pre-Crisis version of the bottle city of Kandor. Ilium 349 was discovered by renegade Kandorian scientist Zak-Kul who used it to create a device which could be used to either shrink or enlarge a person or city.
Ivo's Immortality Serum.
The unstable Professor Ivo perfected an immortality serum that made him immortal, and indestructible, but horribly disfigured his body and made him even more mentally unstable.
KT-28s (Katies).
KT-28s, or Katies, are a fictional psychoactive drug in Watchmen. Later on in the novel, Dr Manhattan states that he can synthesize limitless amounts of lithium which would lead to advances in technology. Lithium is also used as a drug in psychiatric treatment and the term KT-28, which sounds more like an official pharmaceutical name, implies a legitimate drug which has somehow found its way onto the streets.
Krotan.
Drug from Thanagar that allows a person to shapeshift. It only works once on a human, but a Thanagarian can change their shape an unlimited amount of times. It is highly addictive and prolonged users become incapable of retaining a cohesive shape if not given the drug regularly. Used and trafficked to Earth by the Thanagarian criminal Byth. Introduced in the pages of "Hawkworld". Pre-Crisis, Krotan was the name of a scientist who invented a similar drug called the Changeling Pill.
Lazarus Pit.
The various chemicals native to Lazarus Pits have demonstrated the ability to resurrect the dead; upon resurrection the subjects exhibit temporary dementia. The substance that fills each pit was originally a chemical blend of unknown composition, until Kobra recreated their unique chemical composition. Ra's al Ghul and Kobra each had their own secret network of Lazarus Pits, and because of their necessity to the Earth's survival, Batman also created a Lazarus Pit in the Batcave.
Miraclo.
Miraclo is the drug that gave Hourman (Rex Tyler) his powers. The powers lasted only one hour. Furthermore, the drug also proved to be addictive, requiring Hourman to limit himself to one pill a day to protect himself from the negative side-effects.
Profem.
A powerful mutagen used by Sean Erin to induce a sex-change, changing him from male to the female Shvaugn Erin, for the express purposes of attracting Element Lad. First appears in "Legion of Super Heroes" #31.
Sauncha.
The spinach like foodstuff from which Captain Strong gained his powers.
Serum X.
An injectable mutagen that transformed water-breathing Atlanteans into air breathers. From "Aquaman" #35.
Sharp.
A drug that apparently regulates and slows down the accelerated metabolism of super-speedsters in the DC Universe. Unlike most speedsters, Eliza Harmon (Trajectory of Infinity Inc.) was unable to slow her highly accelerated perceptions of the world around her and so turned to the drug. First used in the pages of "52" #17.
Soul.
Soul is a street drug from Gotham City created by "Doctor Death". It has one of two effects on a person, it either enhances their best qualities or bring out their worst qualities. It is apparently produced from rendered corpses.
Speed Juice.
Unlike the Flash's natural connection to the Speed Force, Johnny Quick from the Crime Syndicate of Amerika receives his powers by injecting himself with an enhancer drug called "Speed Juice". Whether Speed Juice has any relationship to Velocity 9 is unknown at this time.
Steroid A39.
A medication originally developed to treat the rare medical condition "xenoderma pigmentosum", it later surfaces as an addictive street drug that turns its habitual users into mindless super-strong zombies. This drug mixed with alcohol and adrenaline was responsible for Dr. Pieter Cross gaining the ability to see in the dark. He used this ability to become the new Doctor Mid-Nite. From the Doctor Mid-Nite mini-series.
Super-Plastic Liquid.
After being accidentally drunk, the super-plastic mutagen granted Chuck Taine "super bouncing powers" as Bouncing Boy, a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes. From "Action Comics" #301.
Tar.
Addictive and illegal street drug that causes rapid physical mutation and grants the user limited super strength. Those who use tar are called "tar freaks". An insidious side effect causes the user seek out battles. There is another version of tar called s-tar or (super-tar) which causes an even greater increase in strength and is even more addicting, also once a person had used s-tar 3 times it would build up in their system which would become fatal.
Thrill.
A recreational drug manufactured by Scarecrow for the Black Mask. From "Batgirl" (Vol. 3) #1-7.
Velocity 9.
A highly addictive drug that grants temporary super speed, but speeds up the body's metabolism leading to dehydration, severe exhaustion, psychosis and what looks like rapid aging, but is actually the body feeding off itself to a super accelerated degree. Within a very short time of regularly using, after the user would shoot up, which would physically invigorate their bodies for an undetermined amount of time, as the drug wore off, they would begin to wither to an emaciated state within hours. Upon using again, they would quickly revert to their normal size and strength, quickly taking the opportunity to find more money to feed their habits. Most addicts became temporary super-criminals using their super-speed to steal to get money for more Velocity-9, repeating this cycle over and over again until they damaged their body to a sometimes fatal degree. While the formula mimicked the same aura that protected the Flashes against friction and other factors associated with traveling at super-speed, it did not completely protect against the shock traveling at such a speed would have on the body. Many former addicts became invalids afterwards with organ failure and permanent warping of their bones from the constant stress and micro-fractures from their running. One of the first addicts to confront the Flash was a friend of his whose mind had been twisted from using to such a degree that he became Flash's short lived arch enemy, even going as far as to don a costume and terrorizing his loved ones and friends. Once captured and clean of the drug, he spent months in physical rehabilitation to try and fight the crippling effects the drug had on his body, with the Flash checking up on him periodically after they reconciled their friendship. The original formula, developed by Edward Clariss, had no such side effects, but the effects were only temporary. It was the subsequent impure version of the formula that would become the street drug that, for a time, plagued the speedsters. Later Deathstroke was able to fashion a particular variant of Velocity 9 devoid of any ill-effects, for Inertia's use. While this version does not have any debilitating effects on the body, it is not known whether it still has the same addictive qualities. If Inertia is the only known example of using this new formula, then the way he reacts to not having a supply of it may very well confirm its addictiveness.
Velocity 10.
A derivative of Velocity 9, this drug also granted its users super speed but with a different consequence: It caused different parts of the body to metabolize at different rates.
Venom.
Venom is a potently addictive strength-enhancing super-steroid. According to "JSA Classified" #17 (November 2006), Venom is potent variant based on the Miraclo formula developed at Bannerman Pharmaceuticals, the drug company formerly owned by Rex Tyler, the original Hourman although it does not have the same 60 minute limitation as Miraclo. The drug, usually injected in a constant supply into the base of the neck would instantly transform someone into a hulking mass of unbridled physical strength. Bane's apparatus included a special "boost" button to give him a jolt of Venom when needed. However, as the drug wore off or when the user was cut off from its constant supply, their body would rapidly return to its original state or sometimes even weaker, at which point the user would suffer from massive, debilitating withdrawal, usually accompanied by terrible, frightening hallucinations. The first appearance of the drug was a five-part story arc, "Batman: Venom", in "Legends of the Dark Knight" issues 16-20. Venom was created by psychotic Doctor Randolph Porter in his attempt to prove himself superior to other scientists working on similar, but less extreme, strength-enhancing chemicals. Porter created and used on himself an intelligence-enhancing drug that functioned similarly to Venom and caused his emotional responses to numb, demonstrated when he orchestrated his own young daughter's death as part of the scheme to entrap Batman ; this possible mental variant of Venom has not been seen or heard of since the original storyline. Batman became addicted to the drug while searching for a way to cope for his physical limitations and imperfections. When his suppliers ordered him to kill Commissioner Gordon to halt Gordon's investigation into their activities and he actually contemplated doing so, he realized how dependant on the drug he had become, prompting him to lock himself in the Batcave for a month with only the essential food and water he would need for that time frame to "detox" himself. During that same time frame, the scientist and a general he was working with for funding used venom and various surgeries and psychological training to turn the general's intellectual, sensitive son into a thuggish brute dependent on the drug and programmed to accept any order given to him by his father, forcing Batman to use a recording of the general's voice to make his foe stop. Later, it resurfaced as the power source for Bane, who used it to overpower and cripple Batman by breaking his back over his knee in the "Knightfall" story arc, although Bane has since forsaken the drug and built himself up to a Venom-like muscular state through rigorous training to remove his dependency on it. A version of it, spiked with a metabolizing form of kryptonite was used by President Lex Luthor in the first ""Superman/Batman"" story arc, prompting Batman to speculate that Luthor's use of Venom may be responsible for his recent, more "outlandish" schemes, such as attempting to accuse Superman of being responsible for a kryptonite meteorite the size of Texas heading for Earth.
In the "Batman Beyond" universe, steroid patches known as "Slappers" contained small doses of impact-release Venom. They were mainly used as performance enhancers in competitive sports, although the use of multiple patches at once could produce Bane-like combat abilities. However, if extensively used, the Slappers would eventually cripple the user as a side effect, pushing them to the point where they would have trouble coping without it. This was shown in Bane's fate at this time, with Bane having become so reliant on Venom after years of addiction that he is now a weak, frail figure who needs Venom just to keep breathing, strapped to an oxygen tank and confined to a chair.
In the Burton/Schumacher film series, Venom is engineered by Pamela Isley (Poison Ivy) to be injected into plants for the power to defend themselves like animals. Her Wayne Enterprises coworker Dr. Woodrue steals samples of base Venom and reengineers it with steroids and toxins to create a super soldier army of which Bane is the prototype. Venom appears to have the same physical reaction after injection, but leaves the user mindless and insensate. Venom is also part of Isley's transformation into Poison Ivy, with Isley transforming into her new state after she is thrown into a vat of chemicals that included venom, although she never demonstrates any enhanced strength, relying on Bane to do most of her fighting and being swiftly defeated by Batgirl in her debut. Woodrue calls Venom his "super soldier serum," invoking the name of the formula used to create Captain America in a similar fashion in the Marvel Universe.
In the video game, ', a Dr. Penny Young, an Arkham doctor, manufactures a more powerful form of Venom codenamed "Titan," under the orders of Jack White, AKA the Joker, believing that Titan's strength-enhancing properties could be used to help patients better cope with the physical treatment they would have to endure during their therapy. Bane is later unwillingly reinjected with Venom (since at this point he had beaten his addiction to the drug and considered it to be a crutch and a handicap only used by the weak) by Joker to kill Batman, although Batman defeats him by disconnecting him from his tank. The Joker later reveals that he plans to use the upgraded "Titan" drug to help his army conquer Gotham City. After Batman defeats Joker's thugs and his Titan-fueled lackeys, Joker tries to shoot Commissioner Gordon with a Titan dart, but Batman takes the dart, using a Titan antidote he had developed earlier on himself even after Joker injects himself with Titan, preferring to fight his own way rather than allowing the Joker to provoke him into using his methods. Titan-Joker nearly kills Batman in his advanced form, but is later electric shocked and returns to normal. The final cutscene shows Bane, Killer Croc, or Scarecrow gaining possession of a crate full of Titan.
Titan resurfaces in the sequel, "", where it is again used by Bane- as well as samples of Titan being discovered in various locations in the city, requiring Batman to work with Bane to recover and destroy them-, although its most significant role is through the toll it has already exacted on the Joker's body from his overdose back at the asylum. The consequences of his overdose provide the Joker's motivation for his various actions in the sequel, the Joker seeking to escape his imminent death due to the blood poisoning caused by the serum, going so far as to infect Batman with the serum and send his blood to other hospitals in Gotham so that Batman will be forced to help him develop a cure to save the innocents infected with the disease.
In the prequel, "", Bane is the leader of a gang, providing some of his chief lieutenants with venom tanks that they can use in their fights with Batman, albeit with a comparatively limited physical effect; none of the henchmen shown using the venom demonstrate anything more than a conventionally muscular physique. Bane is originally shown as a very well-built, sumo-wrestler-esque figure, but develops into the mutated state depicted in earlier games when he gives himself a large dosage of a Titan prototype, the drugs subsequently damaging his mind and apparently erasing his memory of Batman's secret identity.
In the series "Young Justice", Santa Prisca, the birthplace of Venom, is depicted as the single largest manufacturer of the drug, but suddenly it began hoarding it, Batman sent the Young Justice team in to find out why. Eventually it's revealed that the Cult of Kobra has begun hoarding the Venom in order to develop a Venom/Blockbuster-hybrid drug, later dubbed "Kobra Venom"; the resulting combination creates a permanent transformation combining the strength of both transformations, and successfully transformed a meek teenager into Mammoth. By the end of the episode Santa Prisca is destroyed along with the Venom manufacturing plant and the hybrid formula. Sportsmaster however is able to deliver a single vial of the formula to the Light, a shadow organization, from which they will be able to reverse engineer more.
In the film "The Dark Knight Rises", Bane's addiction to Venom is replaced by an unnamed pain killer administered through his mask to treat injuries sustained while he was in prison, making him nearly invincible in hand-to-hand combat. Unlike Venom, the drug does not enhance his muscle density, with Bane's physique portrayed as merely that of a very well-built individual, but his dependence on it, due to the aforementioned injuries, is used against him in his second fight with Batman when Batman manages to damage the tubes on his mask providing him with the drug.
Vitamin 2X.
Created by pharmacist Dr. Franz, this experimental vitamin is what gave the original Blue Beetle his powers.
X-24.
Roy Lincoln swallowed an experimental explosive capsule rather than let it fall into the hands of enemy agents. This caused a transformation that led to him becoming the Human Bomb.
Xium.
A mutagenic rare earth element discovered by the Silver Age Lex Luthor which can transform any normal animal or person into a superhuman. First seen in "Action Comics" v.1 #257, Nov 1959.
Yatz Serum.
Developed by defecting Soviet scientist Prof. Emil Yatz, it grants the recipient a superhuman healing factor, along with enhanced strength, stamina, and agility. Yatz injected Jack Ryder with his only sample, saving the latter's life from a gunshot wound and in part of his becoming The Creeper. Yatz subsequently destroyed his notes and equipment before being shot and killed himself. It appears in " Showcase" #73 (Mar./Apr., 1968). 
Z Formula.
Used by the villain Mr. Who to increase in size and gain "the strength of ten gorillas" in order to fight Doctor Fate. From "More Fun Comics" #73.
Marvel Comics.
Acetovaxidol (AVX).
The drug that gave the Anti-Captain his enhanced abilities. From "Captain America and the Falcon" #4.
Compound X07.
A mysterious chemical created by the scientists of A.I.M.. When a tanker carrying Compound X07 was involved in an accident with a church bus, the lone survivor, who had been thoroughly drenched in the compound, gained lightning-fast healing and became insensitive to pain. He eventually became the costumed individual known as Madcap. The chemical may or may not have contributed to his mental instability. First appears in "Captain America" #307.
Extremis.
A techno-organic virus created in an attempt to recreate the Super-Soldier Serum that gave Captain America his powers. The explained it as the following: " hacks the body's repair center-- The part of the brain that keeps a full blueprint of the human body. Extremis rewrites the repair center. The entire body becomes an open wound. The normal blueprint is being replaced with the Extremis blueprint. For the next two or three days, the subject remains unconscious in cocoon of scabs. Extremis uses any spare nutrients to build new, better organs." Only two people have taken Extremis and survived; Mallen and Tony Stark (a.k.a. Iron Man). Mallen gained electrokinesis, enhanced speed and strength, and the ability to breathe fire, while Iron Man was completely healed from his earlier fight with Mallen, got the ability to control his armor through thought- as well as interfacing with external electronic systems- and the crucial undersheath of the Iron Man armor is now stored inside Stark's bones.
Growth Pills.
The Pym Particle delivery system that allowed Giant Man, Ant-Man, and the Wasp to grow or return to their normal size. Also referred to as shrinking capsules.
Hook.
A narcotic described as "ultra-addictive" that originated in Atlantis and made its way to the surface. Treated as a narcotic by Atlanteans, when used on humans it makes them aggressive. Hook-addicted humans secrete an enzyme that, if harvested, can be turned into a separate narcotic.
Infinity Formula.
The powerful serum that keeps Nick Fury youthful (a.k.a. an immortality drug). He needs to receive an annual injection of the formula or he will rapidly age 60 years. Developed by a French scientist, Dr. Berthold Sternberg, and initially given to Fury in an attempt to save his life near the end of World War II when he was injured by a land mine. The last known samples of the Infinity Formula are then expended by Nick Fury to save Mockingbird and Bucky's lives, although Fury claims that he has enough of the formula in his system that its loss will merely cause him to age normally from now on. Introduced in "Marvel Spotlight" #31.
Kick.
A highly addictive drug dispensed via inhalant, that enhances special abilities in mutants. Later discovered to be an aerosol compound for distributing a primordial microorganism known only as Sublime. Used by Xorn, Jumbo Carnation, Quentin Quire, and Sophie of the Stepford Cuckoos; it was used by Beast in an alternate future, allowing him to be possessed by Sublime until the timeline is undone by Jean Grey. The active ingredient is "Hypercortisone-D".
Mutant Growth Hormone.
Also known as "MGH", is a drug extracted from the genetic material of superpowered individuals, that grants temporary powers to whoever takes it. Sometimes used as a party drug, MGH often results in increased strength and aggression. Also, when given to an already super-powered individual, it enhances their abilities further. The name is a reference to the actual drug human growth hormone (HGH), which has been controversially used by athletes in sports since the 1970s and is banned under numerous international competitions.
Ultimate Marvel.
The Ultimate version of the Mutant Growth Hormone (aka Banshee) has appeared, and engineered by Charles Xavier in the Savage Land with Magneto and his group. The drug, much like the Mainstream MGH, boosts mutant's power (evident in Colossus and Alpha Flight's cases). Later on Moira MacTaggert reveals it gives normal people sonic scream abilities, and is formed from Wolverine's own blood.
Oz.
A drug developed by Osborn Industries in the Ultimate Marvel universe that indirectly granted that universe's Peter Parker his powers when he was bitten by an Oz-injected spider. Also gave the Green Goblin and Hobgoblin their powers.
Rapture.
A deadly, highly addictive drug produced by Alchemax that bonds to the user's DNA. Used to keep Miguel O'Hara, the Spider-Man of 2099, working for the mega-corporation when he attempted to quit; he attempted to cure himself by replacing his DNA with scans of his earlier, pre-Rapture DNA, but sabotage by a jealous colleague resulted in him receiving his powers instead.
Rave.
A highly addictive street drug that temporarily boosts a mutant's power.
Red, White & Blue.
A trio of placebos used to control and manipulate the alpha conditioned moods of Nuke, a deranged super soldier.
Serum SO-2.
Serum SO-2 was a mutagen developed as part of Project Sulfur to provide immunity for soldiers against biological warfare; the experiment was abandoned when it was noted that the serum had the unfortunate side effect of horribly mutating its recipients into monstrous freaks. Later Ted Sallis injects the serum into his own body in an attempt to keep it out of the hands of A.I.M. agents, the serum transforms Sallis into Man-Thing. First appears in "Savage Tales" #1.
SSS-2.
A gaseous form of the Super Soldier Serum that grants increased speed, strength, and endurance. From the "Underworld" mini-series.
Super Soldier Serum.
The drug from which Captain America, Isaiah Bradley, Patriot, Protocide and Josiah X get their enhanced abilities. It was developed by Dr. Abraham Erskine to enhance all the physical and mental abilities to the pinnacle of human perfection [http://www.marvunapp.com/Appendix4/erskine_abraham.htm], working in conjunction with 'Vita-Rays' to trigger the effects on the subject's body chemistry. However, Erskine was killed after the serum was first tested on Rogers, with the result that the serum was lost forever as vital parts of the serum's formula had never been written down or shared with anyone else aside from Erskine. Any attempts to duplicate the serum have since met with failure, either not having any noticeable result, horribly mutating the subject, or twisting their minds to turn them against their former allies. The serum has since been established as a genetically engineered virus rather than a 'drug' that would have eventually metabolised itself out of Rogers' body, although attempts to duplicate the serum by analysing Rogers' blood have proven equally fruitless.
In "", when scientists have planned to recreate the serum, they ended up creating the giants that are seen in the Omega Base. These giants are later used by the Masters of Evil to attack Asgard, the army's value being limited as a long-term weapon but useful for a single massive assault as they burned out afterwards.
In "Spider-Man: The Animated Series", the serum was used on Felicia Hardy which eventually turned her into the Black Cat, while in "Ultimate Spider-Man" it is responsible for the creation of Power Man.
In the film "", it was also responsible for turning Johann Schmidt into the Red Skull due to a combination of it not being perfected during that time as well as Schmidt's dark inner nature, Erskine stating that the serum amplifies everything about the user and therefore brought out Schmidt's flaws, Erskine choosing Steve Rogers for the program because he recognized Rogers' good heart.
The Serum was mentioned in the pilot episode of "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.".
Terrigen Mists.
A dangerous mutagen used by the Inhumans to induce random mutations in their youth during a rite of passage ceremony. Humans exposed to the mist temporarily gain super-powers, but eventually suffer from degenerative mutations followed by death. Depowered Mutants experience a temporary return of their powers but with uncontrollable and unpredictable side-effects. The mists themselves are a by product of Terrigen crystals. First used on mutants in the "Son of M" mini-series.
Thunderbolt.
A purified form of Zap. It grants the user an incredible euphoria, heightened strength, increased endurance and an inability to feel pain. It also causes death in one hour. Thunderbolt was developed by a Dr. Malheur and marketed by the Yakuza. The act of taking the drug was known as "riding the thunderbolt". As shown in "Wolverine" #31.
Toad Juice.
A hallucinogen produced by a mutant called Toad Boy. Causes fatal mutations in humans.
Zap.
Zap was a highly addictive drug made from the "hypothalmic fluid" of the extinct Madripoorian Spider monkey. The systematic IUPAC name for Zap was "Zootoxic Acid Psychogalvanide".
Nedor Comics.
Alosun.
A distillate made from the “atoms of the sun” that granted Doc Strange his super-strength, invulnerability and flight.
Formic Ether.
Inhaling this gas granted pharmacist Bob Benton enhanced strength and invulnerability. He used it to become a Golden Age hero named the Black Terror. From "Exciting Comics" #9.
Lamesis Formula.
Lamesis was a supposedly long lost formula from Ancient Egypt that granted its drinker superstrength. It was used by Nelson Drew to become a Golden Age hero known as the Liberator. From "Exciting Comics" #15.
"Shonen Jump".
Devil Fruit.
The Devil Fruits are a class of fruits that permanently grant supernatural powers in the manga "One Piece". Main character Monkey D. Luffy's body gained the properties of rubber after he ate one; numerous other characters have been given unique powers of their own from other Devil Fruits. While each Devil Fruit grants a different power, they share a common weakness: the user can no longer swim, and in fact loses all strength when immersed in sea water.
Hyorogan.
These are a form of nutritional supplement pellets sometimes used in the manga Naruto. By taking a single pellet a ninja's chakra can be replenished or boosted drastically. They are said to allow a ninja 'to fight for three days and three nights without rest'.
Nuclear Cigarettes.
The manga hero 8 Man smoked radium enriched cigarettes in order to recharge his powers.
Phenixamin.
The villain Mr. Calder in the manga series "Zombie Powder" took the drug Phenixamin to sustain his young appearance. However, because he used the drug so often he had to take higher doses which is what lead him to seek the Zombie Powder.
Senzu Beans.
In various episodes/chapters of the manga and anime "Dragon Ball", many of the fighters took Senzu Beans to restore their health. They have the added effect of keeping the user full and energetic for ten days. They also allowed the user to overcome certain illnesses.
Rumble Ball.
A medicine developed by the character Tony Tony Chopper in "One Piece", the Rumble Ball interacts with his Devil Fruit powers to allow him to transform into several additional forms. However, overdoses may cause him to lose control of his transformations, or even turn him into a giant, mindless monster.
Tokyopop.
Red Eye.
A powerful and addictive narcotic from the manga series "Cowboy Bebop". The drug is administered via an aerosol solution sprayed directly into the user's eyes. It grants the user periodic surges of superhuman strength, and limited super speed and reflexes sufficient to dodge bullets. Popular belief is that parts of the drug functioned like a cholinergic nootropic in that they temporarily increased the brain's supply of neurotransmitters, allowing users to process environmental and spatial information so quickly that all normal human movement and action appears to be in slow motion.
Vertigo Comics.
Dream Sand.
The sand from Morpheus's pouch. Originally stolen when Morpheus was captured by the Order of Ancient Mysteries, the sand eventually ended up in the hands of John Constantine. His ex-girlfriend stole the pouch and had spent the past several years using the sand to give herself constant dreams, to the detriment of her overall health. From the pages of "Sandman" #3.
Heavy Liquid.
This is the strange material of uncertain, perhaps extraterrestrial, perhaps secret government origin that the former police-officer detective known as "S" steals to sell at a very high price to a mysterious art collector in Paul Pope's 5-issue mini-series "Heavy Liquid". In its natural state, Heavy Liquid is something of a liquid metallic explosive, but when the volatile substance is heated it turns into a milky, black ooze that has a narcotic/psychedelic effect when 'ingested' through the ear.
Wildstorm.
Amazo Pills.
Illegal drug from Neopolis that granted a variety of superhuman abilities. A reference to Amazo. As seen in the pages of "Top Ten".
Compound V.
An unknown blue mutagen which when introduced via syringe, transforms humans into superhumans. First appears in "The Boys" #4.
Darkshots.
Extremely potent, illegal drug for robots. The drug, which is made from dark energy, allowed computers to become "one with the multiverse". "Top 10: Beyond the Farthest Precinct" #2.
Goloka Root.
Bitter-tasting root from the mysterious island Attabar Teru. When taken, it magnifies the average human's life span and intellect. Used by Tom Strong, his wife Dhalua Strong and his daughter Tesla Strong. See "Tom Strong" #1.
Goose Juice.
The "street name" for Mongoose Blood, use of the drug grants temporary superspeed. Popular at raves. A reference to the Golden Age Whizzer. Used by recreational drug users in "Top 10".
Hyperdrene.
An illegal drug that apparently causes the users to experience hallucinations so vivid that they are visible to others as animated translucent holograms. As seen in "Top 10".

</doc>
<doc id="5927768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927768" title="The Maracot Deep">
The Maracot Deep

The Maracot Deep is a short 1929 novel by Arthur Conan Doyle about the discovery of a sunken city of Atlantis by a team of explorers led by Professor Maracot. He is accompanied by Cyrus Headley, a young research zoologist and Bill Scanlan, an expert mechanic working with an iron works in Philadelphia who is in charge of the construction of the submersible which the team takes to the bottom of the Atlantic.
The novel first appeared in 1928 as a serial in "The Saturday Evening Post". It also appeared as a serial in "The Strand Magazine" from October 1927 to February 1928. In 1929 it was followed by a sequel, "The Lord of the Dark Face", beginning with the April issue of The Strand. The same year the novel was published in "The Maracot Deep and Other Stories" from John Murray in London, and was released in the U.S. by Doubleday Books of New York.
Plot.
The novel revolves around the legend of Atlantis, mentioned as an ancient city or continent which was drowned by the sea due to divine intervention. The novel is narrated by Headley who first writes a letter to his friend Sir John Talbot. On his subsequent rescue, he completes his story giving details on his escape and how they fought off possibly the greatest danger to humanity, the Devil himself.
The novel begins with preparations for the dive, off the coast of Africa. Prof. Maracot claims to have located the deepest trench in the Atlantic and is vehement that he shall go down in the specially prepared submersible actually a bathysphere along with Headley and Scanlan. On reaching the edge of the trench, a description of the undersea world is presented. The team comes face to face with a giant crustacean who cuts off their line and hurls them down into the trench. Down in the trench, the team is rescued by the Atlanteans who are the last survivors of the land that was Atlantis.
Although the description of Atlantis may not sound quite futuristic and may seem fantastic, the fact that the novel was written in 1929 should be taken into account. One device in particular is often made use of. This is a thought projector which visualizes the thoughts of a person for others to see. This helps the team and the Atlanteans to communicate. 
Descriptions of work habits, culture and various sea creatures are provided. The Atlanteans forage for their food from the sea bed and their slaves, Greeks who are the descendants of the original slaves of the kingdom of Atlantis work in undersea mines. This is made possible thanks to an exceptionally strong and light transparent material which is fashioned into helmets to enable people to work underwater.
The team eventually uses the levity of these spheres to escape to the surface. Headley elopes with the daughter of Manda, leader of the Atlanteans. 
In the later part of the novel, Headley describes the encounter with the Lord of the Dark Face, a supernatural being who led the Atlanteans to their doom and was the cause of untold miseries to humanity ever since. This being is likened to the Phoenician god Baal who was demonized by later religions and cultures. The being is defeated by Prof. Maracot who becomes possessed by the spirit of Warda, the man who managed to convince a handful of Atlanteans to prepare for the worst and thus built an Ark which saved them from the cataclysm which destroyed their land.
Features of the Novel.
Although a short novel, it provides interesting glimpses into the belief regarding the sea during the early 20th century and particularly Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's own beliefs and outlooks. The dramatic end mentioned at the end of the novel, the fight between the ultimate Good and Evil reveals the deep spiritual nature which Conan Doyle had developed in his later years. Whereas the adventures of Sherlock Holmes show the keen analytical side of Sir Arthur, novels like "The Maracot Deep" show that he seriously took to spiritualism in his later years. It is not marked by any particular religion though there are strong Christian and Hellenistic undertones.

</doc>
<doc id="5927772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927772" title="Area code 417">
Area code 417

Area code 417 serves the southwestern quadrant of Missouri, including the cities of Branson, Carl Junction, Carthage, Joplin, Lebanon, Neosho, Nixa, Ozark, Springfield, and West Plains.
Missouri was originally slated to receive only two area codes. 314 served the eastern part of the state from St. Louis to Jefferson City, while 816 was to serve all points west of Jefferson City, including Kansas City and Springfield. In 1951, 816 was reduced to Kansas City and the northwest, while southwest Missouri was assigned 417. 
Even with the presence of Springfield, the state's third-largest city, it is one of the most thinly populated area codes in the nation. Despite the growing proliferation of cell phones and pagers (particularly in and around Springfield), 417 is nowhere near exhaustion; under current projections, the region will not need another area code until 2032 at the earliest.

</doc>
<doc id="5927777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927777" title="Famoudou Konaté">
Famoudou Konaté

Famoudou Konaté is a Malinké master drummer from Guinea. Famoudou Konaté is a virtuoso of the djembe drum and its orchestra. One of only a handful of initiated masters of the Malinké drumming tradition, Famoudou is universally respected as one of the world’s premiere djembe master drummers. He has dedicated his life to performing and preserving the music of his people, helping to elevate the djembe orchestra from its traditional roots to worldwide popularity.
Famoudou was born in 1940 near Sangbaralla, a village in the Hamana region of Upper Guinea, the Malinké heartland and the birthplace of the family of rhythms. A percussive prodigy, he was drumming in community festivals at the age of eight and was soon in demand as a djembefola across the region. From 1959 to 1985, Famoudou was the lead djembe soloist for Les Ballets Africains de la République de Guinée, touring the world and performing with astounding virtuosity. During this time, Famoudou himself created many of the musical arrangements now common in West African performance groups worldwide.
In 1986, Konaté began his independent teaching career in Europe, teaching and performing with the Famoudou Konaté Ensemble, formed and managed by the legendary drumming duo from Berlin, "Djembe Tubabu" (Silvia Kronewald and Paul Engel). In the year 2000, Konaté was invited to the United States for the first time as an independent artist by the . Today, Konaté teaches and performs annually throughout Europe, Japan, Israel, North America and West Africa, instilling a generation of non-African drummers with an extraordinary level of training. In 1996, he received an honorary professorship in Didactics of African Musical Practice from the University of the Arts Berlin. He has produced eight CDs, including his most recent release, "Hamana Namun".

</doc>
<doc id="5927783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927783" title="Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium">
Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium

Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Enugu, Nigeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Enugu Rangers. It was named after the first president of Nigeria. The stadium has a capacity of 30,000. The stadium was named after the first president of the Republic of Nigeria, Dr. Benjamin Nnamdi Azikiwe.
Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium used to belong to the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC). Until then it was the most flamboyant playing facility in Enugu.
As far back as 1959, the facility was the sports ground of the corporation, the Eastern District. This is not surprising as the corporation was in the forefront of the promotion of sports during and even after the colonial era. As time went on, apparently because of its strategic location right at the heart of Enugu, the defunct Eastern Nigeria Government took over the management of the venue and raised its profile.
The stadium continued to serve as the rallying point for sportsmen and women resident in the eastern region, until the outbreak of the Nigeria/Biafra civil war. It was refurbished after the civil war with hostel facilities to accommodate athletes. It also housed the state's sports council.
Rangers International of Enugu were also founded at the time and made the stadium their home base. The image of Rangers loomed large in the 1970s, particularly because of the impressive results they posted shortly after forming.
There was, thereafter, clamour to rebuild the facility. This led to teamed efforts by the then old Anambra State Government in partnership with the private sector to raise funds for the rebuilding of the stadium, which was inaugurated in 1986.
Thirteen years after, the stadium was refurbished again to pave way for the staging of the FIFA U-20 World Cup Nigeria 1999. It staged important matches including Nigeria's loss to Mali in the quarter-finals.
The stadium, which previously had natural grass, now has an artificial turf and a new videomatrix scoreboard. These, and other refurbishing works, were designed to give the stadium a more modern and technologically-driven edifice.
It hosted matches in Group D, which comprises Turkey, Costa Rica, Burkina Faso and New Zealand at the FIFA U-17 World Cup Nigeria 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5927786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927786" title="Homer Public Library">
Homer Public Library

The Homer Public Library is located at 500 Hazel Avenue in Homer, Alaska, and has five full-time and three part-time staff. The director of the library is Ann Dixon who succeeded Helen Hill in 2011. The same year the library was rated by Library Journal as one of 262 star libraries in the US. The library is aided by an advisory board and Friends of the Homer Library.
Building.
Construction of a new library building started in 2003 and ended in 2006. It was opened to the public September 16, 2006, covers 17 000 feet and costed a total of $8,8 million to construct. It was funded primarily through Government grants ($3,813,000), a 30-year USDA Rural Development loan ($2,200,000) and various foundation grants ($1,336,000).
The building was awarded LEED Silver certification by the U.S. Green Building Council. The library is only the third LEED building in Alaska and the second to achieve the silver rating. LEED certification encourages the use or reuse of local materials which meant, among other things, that an old gym floor from the Kenai High School was used for countertops.
The architecture firm, ECI/Hyer, has received several awards for the building:
In 2005, the library was investigated by the United States Environmental Protection Agency under the Clean Water Act for failing to apply for a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit.

</doc>
<doc id="5927798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927798" title="Blinovitch Limitation Effect">
Blinovitch Limitation Effect

The Blinovitch Limitation Effect is a fictional principle of time travel physics in the universe of the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 
It is usually understood as having two aspects: firstly, that a time traveller cannot "redo" an act that he has previously committed, and secondly, that a dangerous energy discharge will result if two temporal versions of the same person come into contact. The first aspect is similar to a real-world physics conjecture, the Novikov self-consistency principle.
How the Blinovitch Limitation Effect works has never been made clear by any of the television programme's production teams. It remains a convenient plot device rather than an attempt to rationalise time travel in the "Doctor Who" universe.
The original series.
The Effect was introduced in "Day of the Daleks" (1972), when Jo Grant asks the Third Doctor why a group of time-travelling guerrillas on a mission to assassinate a diplomat cannot simply go back into the past and try again if they fail. In reply, the Doctor cites the principle and begins to explain, but is interrupted before he can explain further. The "Effect" was invented by script editor Terrance Dicks and producer Barry Letts to gloss over the plot problems inherent in the time travel premise of the serial. The interruption introduced by the writers meant that the explanation did not have to be expanded upon.
The Effect is next mentioned in "Invasion of the Dinosaurs" (1974), where the Third Doctor states that it "tends to limit research into time travel" but once again he does not go into detail as to why. The novelisation of the story reveals that Blinovitch was a "great bear of a man from Russia" who had reversed his own timestream, reverting to infancy.
The next time the Effect is mentioned on-screen is in "Mawdryn Undead" (1983), but there it is not a scientific principle that prevents people from redoing their actions (for whatever reason). Rather, it is a physical effect that occurs when two versions of the same person from different time periods make physical contact. This results in an energy discharge, shorting out the "time differential" between them. The "Mawdryn Undead" storyline establishes that the younger version of the character involved in the discharge, Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart, is traumatized by the event and, for the next several years, loses his memory of the Doctor. It is possible, however, as Lawrence Miles and Tat Wood theorise in their reference book "About Time 5", that the energy discharge is simply a side effect of the principle's operation. It also appears, given the number of times that the Doctor has met his other incarnations, that the Effect does not apply to Time Lords, or at the very least can be mitigated. The Doctor appears to show sensitivity and resistance to temporal distortions, notably in "The Time Monster" (1973), "Invasion of the Dinosaurs" and "City of Death" (1979) (where Romana does as well).
The effect does not appear to present a problem with characters interacting with their own ancestors, as Ace met her infant mother and worked extensively with her grandmother in "The Curse of Fenric" (1989).
The Virgin New Adventures novel "" (1991) by Paul Cornell gave Blinovitch the first name of Aaron (and the title of his book as "Temporal Mechanics"). The Virgin Missing Adventures novelisation "The Ghosts of N-Space" (1995) by Barry Letts stated that Blinovitch formulated his principle in the British Museum's reading room in 1928, and although he was not the first to discuss it, he was the first to formulate it properly.
Theories.
Miles and Wood suggest that the key word is "Limitation"; that is, the effect "limits" the amount of interference in the past as opposed to completely prohibiting it. This interpretation is supported by the Barry Letts-written "Doctor Who" radio play "The Paradise of Death" (1993), where the Third Doctor explains to Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart that it is possible to leave a location in the TARDIS and arrive at a time before they actually left, since the Effect only stops someone from interfering with their own past. Although the First Doctor claimed that it was impossible to alter history in "The Aztecs" (1964), and the concept of unchangeable "fixed points in time" has become a recurring concept in the 2005–present revival, other stories such as "The Time Meddler" (1965), "Day of the Daleks" (1972), "Genesis of the Daleks" (1975), "Pyramids of Mars" (1975), "Remembrance of the Daleks" (1988), and "A Christmas Carol" (2010) imply that changing history is still possible.
New series.
In the 2005 series episode "Father's Day", Rose Tyler crosses her own timestream and redoes her actions, saving her father from dying in 1987, despite the Ninth Doctor's warnings not to attempt to cross their timestreams a second time and not to touch her infant self. This paradox results in serious repercussions, dealt with in the story. The Effect does not behave as described in earlier stories, but the contact does create a paradox that summons the Reapers, which proceed to "sterilise" the resulting wound in Time by devouring everything in sight. When Rose briefly carries her younger self in her arms, there is no visible energy discharge, although a Reaper appears immediately. Speaking at the "Gallifrey" convention in February 2006, episode writer Paul Cornell said that although his script does not mention the Blinovitch Limitation Effect by name, it was in the forefront of his mind while writing the episode.
The loss of the Time Lords and their stabilising influence on time due to the Time War is hinted at in "Father's Day" itself, "The Unquiet Dead" (2005), and later in "Rise of the Cybermen" (2006). This fits in with Miles and Woods's suggestions of a cosmic observer effect imposed on the universe by the Time Lords, resulting in the creation of the Blinovitch Limitation Effect as a safeguard against tampering with causality. It is also consistent with the Doctor's observation in "Father's Day" that if the Time Lords were still around, they could have repaired the paradox.
In "The Parting of the Ways" (2005) and "The Girl in the Fireplace" (2006), the Ninth and Tenth Doctors respectively make reference to becoming "part of events". In the former episode, Rose asks the Ninth Doctor why he cannot go back in time and warn Earth of the Dalek attack that is happening and he replies that once he "lands in that second, becomes part of events. Stuck in the timeline." The Effect is not mentioned by name, but the consequences stated appear to be similar to those in "Day of the Daleks", where the guerillas become caught in a predestination paradox, doomed to create the very future they are trying to avert. Similar language is used in "The Stolen Earth" (2008), where the Doctor describes the events of the Time War as being "time locked" so that no one is supposed to be able to travel back to that period, though Dalek Caan was presumably able to make the transition and avert the consequences of the Effect.
In the Doctor Who Christmas Special "The Runaway Bride" (2006), Donna Noble remarks that she wishes to use the TARDIS to travel back to a point during her own wedding, as she had been transported inside the TARDIS before the ceremony could take place. The Tenth Doctor says he cannot allow her to cross her own time stream. 
In "Time Crash" (2007), the Tenth Doctor attributes the aged appearance of the Fifth Doctor to shorting out the "time differential" (the same phrase used in "Mawdryn Undead") between them, and stating that it will "snap back in place" when the Fifth Doctor is returned to his rightful moment in time.
In "Blink", elderly Billy Shipton tells Sally Sparrow that he often thought about contacting her prior to the time of his younger self's disappearance, "but apparently it would have torn a hole in the fabric of space and time, and destroyed two thirds of the universe." In the same episode, however, Martha Jones tells younger Billy that she and the Tenth Doctor attended Apollo 11's landing four times.
Former and recurring companion Sarah Jane Smith references the Blinovich Limitation Effect in "The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith" (2008) when declining to hold her infant self in 1951.
In "The Hungry Earth" (2010), the Eleventh Doctor discourages Amy Pond and Rory Williams from being in close contact with future incarnations of themselves, stating that it would "...make things complicated." but not specifically mentioning the Effect. Nevertheless, in "The Big Bang" (2010), at a point where Time itself is collapsing, Amy Pond makes physical contact with her younger self in an alternate history with no repercussions. At this point, there are no other species in the universe except those on Earth (the eye of the storm). Reapers do not appear. However, when the Doctor touches a present-moment sonic screwdriver to a future version of itself, sparks are emitted. This appears to confirm to the Doctor that the two identical configured screwdrivers are the same object at different points in the timeline. The Doctor subsequently directs adult Amy to give her five-year-old self an icecream cone in "Good Night".
In "A Christmas Carol" (2010), older and younger versions of the character Kazran Sardis meet and touch without any problems at all, which reviewers have pointed out seems to violate the principle.
In the mini-episodes "Space" and "Time" (2011), which immediately follow the aforementioned "A Christmas Carol", two versions of Amy Pond, only minutes out of synchronisation from each other, interact with each other within the TARDIS without ill effect. Similarly minute-older Rory Williams and Eleventh Doctor give instructions to the trio as they pass through the TARDIS.
River Song counsels Amy Pond not to inform the Doctor of his 200-year-older self's death in "The Impossible Astronaut" (2011). When Amy argues that the Doctor has met his younger self before, her husband Rory Williams reminds her that the universe nearly blew up as a result, referring to the events of "The Big Bang".
Popular culture.
Blinovitch is mentioned a number of times (presumably as an in-joke for "Doctor Who" viewers) in the romantic comedy "Happy Accidents" (2000), which has a plot involving time travel. In the film, Blinovitch is said to have been from "Yugoserbia" and discovered how to bend spacetime. Two of his laws are invoked:
In "Supergirl Annual #2" (2010), Brainiac 5 of the Legion of Super-Heroes in the 31st Century complains how hard it is to maintain the timeline when heroes like Superboy and Supergirl visit their future, saying, "The Novikov and Blinovitch Effects alone take me hours to account for!"

</doc>
<doc id="5927810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927810" title="Workshop of the Telescopes">
Workshop of the Telescopes

Workshop of the Telescopes is a 2-cd compilation album by the American band Blue Öyster Cult, released by Sony Music/Columbia Entertainment in 1995. All of the material on this album was recorded prior to the "Imaginos" sessions; some of it was previously only available on promo discs (marked (*)), and a few others were previously unavailable on CD (marked (+)).
The CD comes with an explanatory booklet outlining the development of Blue Öyster Cult and their rise to fame throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
The album served as a basis of the double-disc reissue of "The Essential Blue Öyster Cult" in 2012, sharing 21 tracks, substituting some tracks with its live counterparts.
Track listing.
Disc two.
Some of these songs were later included on the remastered editions of BOC's studio albums.
Personnel.
The album is a compilation encompassing Blue Öyster Cult from the early 1970s to 1986. It does not include material from 1988's "Imaginos"

</doc>
<doc id="5927813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927813" title="Buffalo City Stadium">
Buffalo City Stadium

Buffalo City Stadium (also known as the BCM Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in East London, South Africa. It is currently used mostly for Rugby Union matches and is the home stadium of Border Bulldogs. The stadium holds 16,000 people.
The stadium has undergone three name changes. Originally, it was named Border Rugby Union Grounds, which was changed to the Basil Kenyon Stadium, after the Springbok player who captained the Springboks on a successful 3 month tour of England in 1951. It has also been called ABSA Stadium, for sponsorship reasons. On 26 June 2010, The BCM Stadium hosted a Test match between Italy and South Africa. South Africa won 55–11.
Notable matches.
In August 1978, 5,500 spectators at the stadium watched the South African Country Districts XV beat the touring American Cougars 44-12.
1995 Rugby World Cup.
The stadium was one of the host venues for the 1995 Rugby World Cup. It hosted 3 first round matches in Pool B during the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5927819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927819" title="Wait for Me/Song of Love">
Wait for Me/Song of Love

"Wait For Me" and "Song of Love" were two singles from Christian pop rock musician Rebecca St. James. "Wait For Me" is perhaps one of St. James' most famous songs, encouraging sexual abstinence until marriage, from the 2000 album "Transform" (#166 in the Billboard Top 200 albums briefly.). "Song of Love" is a track from her 2002 modern worship album "Worship God" (in the Billboard Top 200 albums for 11 weeks, peaking at #94). 
In keeping with her advocacy of premarital abstinence, "Wait For Me" became the title of St. James' 2000 concert tour of 46 cities, and also became the lead title of her 2002 book, ', and her 2003 compilation album, ', on which the title song appeared with "Song of Love". The album was released in March, the single in June. At the five-year anniversary of the release of the song, St. James stated, "'Wait for Me' has become one of my signature songs now."
Music videos.
Music videos were released for both songs, "Song of Love"'s in 2002.
In the "Wait for Me" video, St. James takes a car trip to meet the man she dreams of, and sings about, meeting. In "Song of Love", she sings mainly in a concert setting.

</doc>
<doc id="5927830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927830" title="Over and Over Again">
Over and Over Again

"Over and Over Again" may refer to: 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927835" title="Sonny Seeza">
Sonny Seeza

Tyrone Taylor (born November 13, 1970) better known by his stage name Sonny Seeza who was previously known as both Suavé and Sonsee, is an American hardcore rapper from Brooklyn, New York and an original member of the Hardcore rap group Onyx. Onyx would often recite their verses in this order: Fredro Starr, Sonny Seeza and finally Sticky Fingaz. Sonny Seeza's debut album, "Tytanium", was released in 2009. In 2012, he appeared on the song "You're Dead" by Lantz from his album "Waiting 2 Die". In January, 2012 he went to Switzerland to work on his second upcoming solo album "Bridges Vol. 1".

</doc>
<doc id="5927836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927836" title="Seisa Ramabodu Stadium">
Seisa Ramabodu Stadium

Seisa Ramabodu Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Bloemfontein, South Africa. It is currently used mostly for football matches and was utilized as a training field for teams participating in the 2010 FIFA World Cup after being renovated in 2008 and brought up to FIFA standards.
It is the home stadium of Bloemfontein Celtic who also use the Free State Stadium. During renovations the stadium's capacity was expanded from 18,000 to 20,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5927844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927844" title="Randall Shire">
Randall Shire

Randall Shire is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "Cable" #79.
Fictional character biography.
Randall Shire ran a small travelling carnival in Australia. He and two brothers, known only as Key and Wall, performed all over the continent. Shire and his companions were all low-level mutants pretending to be sideshow entertainers. Shire himself was a projecting empath, able to impose his own emotional state onto anyone who heard him speak. Shire was content running his carnival until one day, in the midst of a performance, he was possessed by Semijan, one of the alien species known as the Undying Ones.
Semijan's presence boosted Shire's mutant power to astonishing levels. Whenever Shire spoke, he bound people to him by the sound of his voice. Anyone hearing him speak became his slave, and whatever Shire wished became their purpose. Key and Wall were Shire's first victims, and thousands more Australians followed.
However, Semijan was ambitious, and Shire traveled to America. From there, Semijan planned to conquer the world through Shire, possessing highly placed government officials. When S.H.I.E.L.D. Commander G.W. Bridge investigated the disappearance of the supposedly catatonic mutant mercenary Blockade, who had actually been possessed by Semijan's rival Undying One Aentaros, he came into contact with Shire who made Bridge his slave.
After the mutant hero Cable defeated the Blockade, Aentaros' next possession victim was Cable's long-time friend Domino, and Aentaros' plans to kill Shire continued. However, Cable learned that if Shire were to survive the assassination attempt, an alternate future in which humanity conquers the galaxy and renames itself the Ranshi Empire would flourish. If Shire were to die, an alternate future in which Earth becomes a paradise of peace known as Harmony would occur.
When Aentaros possessed Domino to use her to kill Shire, the mutant hero Cable intervened and managed to stop the assassination. This enraged Semijan, and thanks to Shire's power those whom he had enslaved also became enraged and turned on Shire. Because Cable saved Shire and then discredited him, both the Ranshi Empire and the Harmony timelines were destroyed, leaving only one ship-full of survivors from each world. Shire was taken into S.H.I.E.L.D. custody, and after Cable and his allies invaded the Undying Ones' lair, Semijan fled Shire's body to return to confront the invaders.
Randall Shire lost his mutant powers after the M-Day.
Powers and abilities.
Randall Shire was a projecting empath; he could impose his own emotional state onto anyone who heard him speak, allowing him to convince others of things they would not normally believe or incite others to act on his behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="5927847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927847" title="South Carolina's 8th congressional district">
South Carolina's 8th congressional district

The 8th Congressional District of South Carolina was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in South Carolina. It was created in 1803 as a result of the 1800 Census and eliminated in 1843 as a result of the 1840 Census. The district was last represented by Thomas De Lage Sumter.

</doc>
<doc id="5927851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927851" title="Area code 636">
Area code 636

Area code 636 serves east-central Missouri, excluding the city of St. Louis and most of St. Louis County. 636 includes parts of the community of Chesterfield, Fenton, and all of Washington, Union, De Soto, Troy, St. Charles, Jefferson, and Warren counties. Area code 314, now assigned to St. Louis and some suburbs, formerly extended to Washington and St. Francois counties. 
Before 1996, 314 covered the entire eastern half of Missouri. In 1996, most of the old 314 territory outside of the St. Louis area became area code 573. This was intended as a long-term solution, but within two years 314 was almost out of numbers again due to the proliferation of cell phones, pagers and fax machines. The supply of numbers was further limited because the St. Louis LATA spills into much of southern Illinois, meaning several numbers that were part of area code 618 across the border in Illinois weren't available. As a result, most of St. Louis' outer-ring suburbs were switched to area code 636 on May 22, 1999. A permissive dialing period was allowed in which customers could still complete calls using 314.

</doc>
<doc id="5927858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927858" title="Charles de Cazes">
Charles de Cazes

Charles de Caze (1808 – October 4, 1867) was a notary and political figure in Canada East.
He was born in Brittany in 1808, arrived in Quebec City in 1854 and settled in the Eastern Townships. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Richmond—Wolfe in 1861 and defeated in 1863. He wished to improve the state of agriculture in Canada East. De Caze was the first francophone member elected in the Eastern Townships. After his term in office, he was appointed inspector of schools for the counties of Saint-Hyacinthe, Bagot, and Rouville. He died in Montreal in 1867 while being treated for a liver disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5927867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927867" title="The 15th">
The 15th

The 15th is a song from the 1979 album "154" by the English rock band Wire. It was written by Colin Newman.
The British electronic band Ladytron included "The 15th" on the mix compilation "Softcore Jukebox".
Fischerspooner cover.
The electroclash band Fischerspooner covered "The 15th" as the second single from its 2001 debut album "#1".
Other cover versions.
The Jay Reatard project Angry Angles covered the song on their "Apparent-Transparent" 7". Additionally, Beck has played the song live a couple of times. French coldwave band Little Nemo covered the song on their 1990 EP "Cadavres Exquis". For the Wire tribute album "Whore", the song was recorded by Mike Watt. Monks of Doom covered the song on their 2006 album, "What's Left For Kicks?". Also Australian psichedelic-garage Band "Splashh" covered the song in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5927868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927868" title="Savarni Manu">
Savarni Manu

According to Hindu mythology, there are 14 Manus specified. As per Hindu texts present Manvantara runs on the name of seventh Manu i.e. Vaivasvata Manu. Next coming Manu i.e. eighth Manu name is Savarni Manuor Surya Savarnika Manu. Surya Savarnika means resemblance of Sun. He is the son born to the sun-god Surya and wife named Chhaya. Savarni's sons would be headed by Nirmoka, and among the demigods are the Sutapas. Bali, the son of Virochana, is Indra, and Galava and Parashurama are among the seven sages. In this age of Manu, the incarnation of the Supreme Personality of Godhead appears as Sarvabhauma, the son of Devaguhya and Sarasvati.On the name of this Manu the only Ashram i.e. S S M Ashramam has been established in India.

</doc>
<doc id="5927897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927897" title="VFA-113">
VFA-113

Strike Fighter Squadron 113 (VFA-113) "Stingers" is a United States Navy strike fighter squadron based at Naval Air Station Lemoore, California.
The "Stingers" are an operational fleet F/A-18C Hornet squadron attached to Carrier Air Wing 17 (CVW 17) and based at NAS Lemoore, CA. Their tailcode is "NA" and their radio callsign is "Sting". The squadron is currently deployed aboard USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70).
Squadron Insignia and Nickname.
The squadron’s original insignia was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 15 April 1949, and it was slightly modified in 1985. Nickname: Stingers, 1949 to present.
History.
1940s.
Strike Fighter Squadron 113 originated as Fighter Squadron 113 (VF-113) on 15 July 1948 at NAS San Diego, flying the F8F-1 and F8F-2 Bearcat.
1950s.
In March 1950, the squadron transitioned to the F4U-4B Corsair. Attached to Air Group 11, the "Stingers" flew their first combat strikes on 5 August 1950 from USS "Philippine Sea" and USS "Valley Forge" against targets near Kunsan, Korea. In September 1950, the squadron flew combat sorties in support of the United States Marine Corps landings at Incheon. In November 1950, squadron aircraft participated in Operation Pinwheel, the docking and departing of the carrier from the pier using aircraft engine power to move the ship. Also in November 1950, during strikes on bridges crossing the Yalu River, squadron F4U-4Bs were attacked by MiG-15s, with neither side suffering any damage. On 23 June 1952, squadron aircraft, along with planes from 3 other air groups, participated in the first coordinated strikes against North Korean hydroelectric power plants. This was the first time that enemy power plants had been so heavily targeted. It also marked the first time that four carriers were on line off the coast of Korea since the fall of 1950. VF-113 won six engagement stars as well as the Presidential Unit Citation and Navy Unit Commendations in two Korean combat tours.
The squadron moved to NAS Miramar on 15 September 1952 and transitioned to the F9F-1 Panther on 5 October 1952. In February 1954, the squadron upgraded to the F9F-2. In May 1955, the squadron again upgraded to the swept wing F9F-8 Cougar and in March 1956 was redesignated Attack Squadron ONE HUNDRED THIRTEEN (VA-113). In April 1957, the "Stingers" transitioned to the A-4 Skyhawk, flying several different "Skyhawk" models over the next 11 years.
While operating from USS Shangri-La (CVA-38) in August– September 1958, the squadron was part of a task force that provided support to the Republic of China during the shelling of the Quemoy Island group by the Chinese Communists. The squadron was awarded the Battle Efficiency "E" for 1958, denoting it as the best Attack Squadron on the West Coast.
1960s.
In the fall of 1961, the squadron embarked in USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63) for her transit, via Cape Horn, from NS Norfolk to her new home port at NAS North Island. The "Stingers" also moved to a new home at NAS Lemoore on 12 December 1961.
In June 1964, squadron aircraft participated in Yankee Team operations, including aerial refuelling for RF-8A Crusaders and F-101 Voodoos, and search and rescue missions over South Vietnam and Laos. From November 1964 to October 1965, the squadron provided a detachment of personnel and A-4s for use as fighter protection for USS Bennington (CVS-20).
October 1965 brought the "Stingers" back to the Western Pacific for a combat deployment aboard USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63). The squadron flew numerous missions into North Vietnam against enemy lines of communications, as well as close air support in South Vietnam. In December 1965 during the squadron’s first line-period on Yankee Station, they participated in three major strikes against important North Vietnamese targets, including the Hai Phong Bridge, Uong Bi Thermal Power Plant and the Hai Duong Bridge.
The "Stingers'" second tour in Vietnam was aboard USS "Enterprise", from 19 November 1966 to 6 July 1967, earning them Navy Unit Commendation. The squadron upgraded to the A-4F in October 1967.
1970s.
VA-113 upgraded to the A-7E in April 1970, and returned to combat operations in Southeast Asia during November 1970 aboard USS "Ranger". The squadron's performance during this deployment earned them the Admiral Wade McClusky Award, given annually to the "Outstanding Attack Squadron in the Navy." Additionally, VA-113 earned the Chief of Naval Operations Safety Award for Fiscal Year 1971.
VA-113 departed Alameda, California in November 1972 for its sixth combat cruise to Southeast Asia. During this deployment the squadron participated in air strikes during Linebacker II and saw action over South Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and North Vietnam.
May 1974 found the "Stingers" again returning to WESTPAC as an integral part of the Carrier Air Wing 2/"Ranger" team. VA-113 continued this association for the next eight years, completing four more peacetime WESTPAC deployments while compiling an accident-free safety record in the A-7E.
1980s.
From 15 October 1980 to 22 March 1981, under the "Swing Wing Concept" to reduce the deck multiple on "Ranger", VA-113 operated as a CVW-2 Detachment from NAS Cubi Point.
In August 1982 the "Stingers" surpassed 40,000 accident-free flight hours which represented the longest accident-free period in the entire Navy A-7 community. In recognition of superior safety awareness and operations, the squadron was presented the prestigious Chief of Naval Operations Safety Award for 1982.
On 24 August 1983, the first F/A-18 Hornet bearing "Stinger" colors was delivered to VFA-125, and the VA-113 pilots began transition training. The "Stingers" were redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron ONE HUNDRED THIRTEEN (VFA-113) on 25 March 1983, and they completed the transition on 14 December 1983, becoming the first operational fleet Hornet squadron. The squadron soon embarked aboard USS "Constellation" for the first carrier deployment of the F/A-18 with Carrier Air Wing 14 from February to August 1985.
From April to October 1987, the squadron again deployed to the Indian and Western Pacific Oceans. The "Stingers" played a key role in Operation Earnest Will, the armed escort of American-flagged merchant ships in the Persian Gulf region.
The "Stingers" deployed in December 1988 aboard "Constellation" to the Indian and Western Pacific Oceans, returning in June 1989. Immediately upon their return, they upgraded to C model "Hornets".
1990s.
Safety and proficiency milestones were set again in May 1990, as the "Stingers" advanced the Navy's Tactical Aviation Safety Record to 16 years and over 70,000 mishap-free hours.
In June 1990, the "Stingers" once again sailed to the Western Pacific, this time aboard USS Independence (CV-62). Following the invasion of Kuwait by Iraqi forces on 2August 1990, "Independence" was ordered to the Gulf of Oman, becoming the first aircraft carrier on station. VFA-113 conducted Operation Desert Shield missions over the North Persian Gulf and Saudi Arabia. On 3–4 October 1990, VFA-113 conducted flight operations from "Independence" while she operated in the Persian Gulf, marking the first time a carrier had operated in the Gulf since 1974. The "Stingers" returned from this deployment on 20 December 1990.
In February 1994, the "Stingers" deployed aboard USS "Carl Vinson" as part of Cruiser Destroyer Group Three. During this deployment, the "Stingers" conducted operations throughout the Pacific and Indian Ocean theatres. In addition to missions off the coast of Korea during International Atomic Energy Agency and United Nations negotiations, they also flew multiple missions into Iraq in support of Operation Southern Watch. The "Stingers" compiled a record 21 years and over 93,000 mishap free flight hours, and received three consecutive Chief of Naval Operations Aviation Safety Awards from 1991–1993.
In May 1996, the VFA-113 "Stingers" deployed as part of Carrier Air Wing 14 embarked on USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70). WESTPAC 96 included participation in Operation Southern Watch and Operation Desert Strike. The "Stingers" returned from deployment on 12 November 1996.
In March 1997, the "Stingers" made Naval Aviation history when they broke the 100,000 mishap free flight hour mark, making the "Stingers" the safest tactical carrier squadron in aviation history. 
2000s.
The "Stingers", along with the rest of CVW-14 took part in the 's maiden deployment from January through July 2006. The deployment took the squadron through the Western Pacific and into the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
2010s.
On 13 April 2011. an F/A-18 strike fighter from squadron VFA-113 made a successful single-engine landing aboard the , bursting in flames in the process. However, no fatalities occurred due to the fire-fighting efforts of the flight deck personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="5927899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927899" title="Crusade (album)">
Crusade (album)

Crusade is the fourth studio album by the British blues rock band John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, released on 1 September 1967 on London Records. It was the follow-up to "A Hard Road", also released in 1967. As with their two previous albums, "Crusade" was produced by Mike Vernon. The album was the first recordings of a young 18 year old guitarist, Mick Taylor.
Track listing.
Original release
"All songs by John Mayall except as noted"
Expanded release
Other versions.
An expanded edition includes ten more tracks, most of them already available on the 1969 compilation "Thru the Years"; these recordings were made with earlier line ups. A remastered and expanded version of this album was scheduled for release in the UK on 6 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5927923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927923" title="Ricky Whittle">
Ricky Whittle

Ricky Whittle is an English actor from Oldham, Greater Manchester. He is best known for his role as Calvin in the Channel 4 soap "Hollyoaks", he came second to Chris Hollins in "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2009. In 2014 he starred in the American Mistresses as Daniel Zamora and The 100 as the grounder, Lincoln.
Biography.
The son of former Royal Air Force serviceman Harry Whittle, Whittle grew up travelling with his father's career around the world, with a home base at Burghfield Common near Reading, Berkshire.
A keen sportsman, Whittle represented England and the United Kingdom at youth level in football, rugby, American football and athletics. After having been watched by Arsenal and Celtic, an injury brought about the pursuit of a degree in criminology at the University of Southampton.
Career.
At university, Whittle began modelling, becoming the face of a Reebok campaign in 2000. This brought him to the attention of casting agents for Sky One's "Dream Team." Cast as Ryan Naysmith, Whittle left university to pursue an acting career. Carrying on with his sports ambitions, in the third series Whittle broke his leg in seven places, and was forced into a long hospital stay. The writers wrote a broken leg into the "Dreamteam" script, allowing Whittle a slower recuperation.
After playing his first gay character as a guest star on BBC One's "Holby City," Whittle played Calvin Valentine in the popular Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", up until his character was killed off after Whittle decided to leave the show in May 2010.
In January 2008, Whittle appeared on a celebrity edition of "The Weakest Link", reaching the final, but losing out to "Crimewatch UK" star, Rav Wilding.
In July 2012, Whittle appeared as Charles on VH1 season 2 of "Single Ladies" . 
He also appeared as Captain George East in Stephanie Meyer ("Twilight") and Jerusha Hess's ("Napoleon Dynamite") romantic comedy "Austenland", completed in 2012.
In March 2013, Whittle appeared in hit US show "NCIS".
In 2014, he has had a recurring role in The 100 as a 'Grounder' named Lincoln.
"Strictly Come Dancing".
In August 2009, Whittle was announced as a contestant on the BBC One reality television series "Strictly Come Dancing," paired with Australian professional dancer Natalie Lowe. A fellow contestant on the programme, Ali Bastian, also starred with him in "Hollyoaks". Whittle made it through to the final of the competition (beating Rav Wilding, to whom he had lost "The Weakest Link" in 2008), and competed against television presenter Chris Hollins and his dance partner Ola Jordan for the "Strictly Come Dancing" glitterball trophy. However, he lost the battle and ended up second, despite winning the judges' scores 190-186.
Personal life.
Having recovered from his broken leg, Whittle spends his spare time playing running back for the Manchester Titans American Football team.

</doc>
<doc id="5927924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927924" title="VA195">
VA195

VA-195 or VA 195 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5927925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927925" title="Huntersfield Stadium">
Huntersfield Stadium

Huntersfield Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Katlehong, South Africa. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Jomo Cosmos.

</doc>
<doc id="5927928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927928" title="Great Valley High School">
Great Valley High School

Great Valley High School is a comprehensive, college preparatory, public high school located in eastern Chester County.
It is located near Malvern, Pennsylvania. Located on the same campus as Great Valley Middle School, it is the only high school within the Great Valley School District.
The school serves students residing in the Great Valley School District in Grades 9-12 and enrolls about 1,150-1,175 students per year. The student to teacher ratio is about 14:1.
During the 2008 Democratic Primaries, President Barack Obama gave a speech in Great Valley's gymnasium.
Academics.
Great Valley is constantly ranked among the top public high schools in Pennsylvania. The Washington Post ranked Great Valley High School among "America's Most Challenging High Schools", ranking 9th in the State of Pennsylvania.
The US News & World Report ranked the school 10th in the state and 613th nationally. The College Board listed the school on the AP® Honor Roll.
Students at Great Valley High School score in the top 1% in the state in Math and Science.
Athletics Program.
Great Valley High School is a member of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association. Students are subject to guidelines and principles determined by this organization. More locally, Great Valley is a member of the Ches-Mont League and PIAA's District One region. It used to belong to the now defunct Southern Chester County League. Great Valley's largest athletic rival is the Unionville High School Indians. The high school offers athletics in all high school grades. In addition, it has an intramural program. The school has been to and won various state championships. The most recent girls state championship win was by the lacrosse team in 2002 and 2005. The most recent appearance was in 2006 when the boys soccer team lost in the championship game, but they did win states in 1989, 1990, and 1993. The boys tennis team appeared in the team state championships in 2008 but lost in the semifinals. In 2010, the boys baseball team made their first trip to the state tournament, winning their first game before losing in the quarterfinals. In 2010 the boy's cross country team placed 11th in the state championship meet. . In 2011, the 4x400m relay of Great Valley's storied track & field program came in first in the High School Boys Suburban ChesMont 4x400 event in the Penn Relays, with a time of 3:25.51 
Notable events.
President Barack Obama held a town hall meeting at Great Valley High School in the gymnasium during his 2008 election campaign. The meeting was open to the public and several students won the opportunity to sit in the meeting while the rest watched a live taping of it. Two Great Valley students were selected to sing The Star Spangled Banner before Obama and those who attended the meeting.
Renovation.
A $36 million renovation was completed on the 1969 building in 2006. An addition was added to house the school's STEM classrooms as well as the construction of a new courtyard and lobby.
The renovation will allow the school district to serve the Great Valley region for years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="5927929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927929" title="Anthony Halstead">
Anthony Halstead

Anthony Halstead (born 1945 in Manchester, England) is a leading figure in the period-instruments movement. First known as a virtuoso on the natural horn, he has gradually moved into the role of conductor and has directed the Academy of Ancient Music, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, and most notably Hanover Band.
Biography.
Halstead attended Chetham's School and the Royal Manchester College of Music, studying piano at first, as well as horn, organ, and composition. At the suggestion of his horn teacher Sydney Coulston, Halstead began to specialise in the horn. He was first horn with the English Chamber Orchestra from 1972 to 1986, and has also been a member of other noted orchestras such as the London Symphony Orchestra. He has also been a professor at the Guildhall School of Music.
During the 1980s and early 1990s, Halstead served as both a member of the horn section and as horn soloist for several period-instruments groups and recorded widely. His many recordings in both capacities include (as part of the orchestra) Beethoven's Five Piano Concertos under Christopher Hogwood (with Steven Lubin as the fortepiano soloist, L'Oiseau Lyre 421 408–2); the same composer's Ninth Symphony under Roger Norrington (EMI CDC 7492212); Mozart's opera "Idomeneo" conducted by John Eliot Gardiner (Archiv 431 674–2); and (as horn soloist) chamber music by Johann Christian Bach with Trevor Pinnock and members of The English Concert (Archiv 423 385–2); and Mozart's Horn Concerti with Hanover Band directed by Roy Goodman (Nimbus NI 5104). 
Halstead turned increasingly during the 1990s to conducting. Though most famous at that time as a horn virtuoso, he was no novice at leading an orchestra, having studied conducting with Sir Charles Mackerras and Michael Rose; his professional conducting debut had been in 1976 directing the premiere of Elisabeth Lutyens' "One and the Same." For the record label CPO, Halstead embarked on a project to record all the orchestral music of Johann Christian Bach with Hanover Band on 22 CDs. For the J.C. Bach keyboard concertos (CPO 999 930-2), Halstead himself performed the solo part on harpsichord (which he had studied with George Malcolm) and fortepiano, as well as directed the orchestra. With the same ensemble and record label, Halstead also recorded the Op. 17 symphonies of Carl Friedrich Abel (CPO 999 214–2). 
No stranger to modern orchestras, Halstead has also directed the English Chamber Orchestra and BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra as well as other ensembles. He also conducted the Scottish Chamber Orchestra in two of the three CDs of Luigi Boccherini's complete cello concerti released by Naxos Records (Vol. 1, catalogue number 8.553571, and Vol. 2, catalogue number 8.553572); in these recordings, Halstead's soloist was the cellist Tim Hugh. 
Halstead's conducting has also been featured on many other recordings, and he has been invited to conduct in Scandinavia, Germany, Australia, Japan, and Spain. According to his website, he also is involved in private teaching and chamber music coaching, as well as serving as a guest professor in many conservatories in the United Kingdom and a prominent member of the British Horn Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5927937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927937" title="Tomohito Nishiura">
Tomohito Nishiura

Tomohito Nishiura (西浦 智仁; "Nishiura Tomohito") is a Japanese video game music composer. He works primarily on games developed by Level-5.

</doc>
<doc id="5927949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927949" title="Suheim Bin Hamad Stadium">
Suheim Bin Hamad Stadium

Suheim Bin Hamad Stadium (), also known as Qatar SC Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Doha, Qatar. It is currently used mostly for football matches and home of the football team Qatar Sports Club. The stadium holds 12,000 people.
In 2010 it hosted the Qatar Athletic Super Grand Prix, the first meeting of the 2010 Diamond League. Some of the matches from the 2011 AFC Asian Cup were held in this stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="5927950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927950" title="Patriarch Paul IV of Constantinople">
Patriarch Paul IV of Constantinople

Paul IV, known as Paul the New, was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 780 to 784. He had once opposed the veneration of icons but urged the calling of an ecumenical council to address the iconoclast controversy. Later, he resigned and retired to a monastery due to old age and illness. He was succeeded by Tarasios, who was a lay administrator at the time.
Paul the New is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church, and his feast day is celebrated on August 30.

</doc>
<doc id="5927976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927976" title="Typhlops">
Typhlops

Typhlops is a genus of blind snakes found in Europe, Africa, Asia and Central and South America. Currently, 120 species are recognized, accounting for over half of the species in the family Typhlopidae. Common names include: blind snakes, blindsnakes.
Geographic range.
Snakes of this genus are found in southeastern Europe, the Middle East, tropical and subtropical Asia, most of Africa, Madagascar and certain islands of the Indian Ocean, the Philippines, Moluccas, New Guinea, Central America, South America, and the West Indies.
Species.
"*) Not including the nominate subspecies."
T) Type species.
Gallery.
Images of a "Typhlops" from Binnaguri, North Bengal, India:

</doc>
<doc id="5927981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927981" title="Burnt Factory, Virginia">
Burnt Factory, Virginia

Burnt Factory is an unincorporated community in Frederick County, Virginia, USA. Burnt Factory lies to the northeast of Winchester along Opequon Creek. The community is centered at the intersection of Burnt Factory and Jordan Springs Roads.

</doc>
<doc id="5927982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927982" title="Kaelakee hääl">
Kaelakee hääl

"Kaelakee hääl" ("Voice of the necklace") is a song performed by Maarja-Liis Ilus and Ivo Linna that represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996. The composer was Priit Pajusaar and the lyrics were written by Kaari Sillamaa.
In the Estonian preselection Eurolaul, the winner was selected from 13 entries by an international jury. After the voting, "Kaelakee hääl" was tied by points with "Me rõõm ei kao" ("Our happiness won't disappear") by Kadri Hunt, but was declared winner because it had received more top votes of 10 points.
The song was performed eleventh in Eurovision, following Greece's Mariana Efstratiou with "Emis Forame To Himona Anixiatika" and preceding Norway's Elisabeth Andreassen with "I evighet". At the close of voting, it had received 94 points, placing it 5th out of 23.
On stage with Maarja-Liis Ilus and Ivo Linna were instrumentalists Taavo Remmel (bass), Glen Pilvre (keyboards) and Roland Puusepp (drums). Backing vocal was provided by Anne Värvimann.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1997 Contest by Ilus, performing solo, with "Keelatud maa".
While not resulting in a win, the performance was the first occasion on which a state previously part of the Soviet Union had placed in the top 5.
Lyrics.
The song is a love duet, with the singers expressing their heartache at not being able to be with each other all the time. Ilus sings about giving Linna a necklace, from which he is able to hear her voice even if she is away.
Translations.
Two English versions were made of the song, the first "Away from home", sung by Ilus and Linna, and the second titled "Just a dream away", which was recorded by Maarja and Morgan Johansson in 1997 for Maarja's album "First in line". Maarja also recorded the latter with Greek singer Yiorgos Doukas (Duke), including a version with some Greek lyrics added in, titled "Πάλι εσένα θα ονειρευτώ".
Cover versions have been made in various languages, including in Finnish and Swedish, and a Spanish version by a group from the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5927986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5927986" title="Carmen (novella)">
Carmen (novella)

Carmen is a novella by Prosper Mérimée, written and first published in 1845. It has been adapted into a number of dramatic works, including the famous opera by Georges Bizet.
Sources.
According to a letter Mérimée wrote to the Countess of Montijo, "Carmen" was inspired by a story she told him on his visit to Spain in 1830. He said, "It was about that ruffian from Málaga who had killed his mistress, who consecrated herself exclusively to the public. [...] As I have been studying the Gypsies for some time, I have made my heroine a Gypsy."
An important source for the material on the Romani people (Gypsies) was George Borrow's book "The Zincali" (1841). Another source may have been the narrative poem "The Gypsies" (1824) by Alexander Pushkin, which Mérimée would later translate into French prose (Briggs 2008).
Plot summary.
The novella comprises four parts. Only the first three appeared in the original publication in the October 1, 1845 issue of the "Revue des Deux Mondes" (Robinson 1992); the fourth first appeared in the book publication in 1846. Mérimée tells the story as if it had really happened to him on his trip to Spain in 1830.
Part I. While searching for the site of the Battle of Munda in a lonely spot in Andalusia, Mérimée meets a man who his guide hints is a dangerous robber. Instead of fleeing, Mérimée befriends the man by sharing cigars and food. They stay in the same primitive inn that night. The guide tells Mérimée that the man is the robber known as Don José Navarro and leaves to inform on him, but Mérimée warns Don José, who escapes.
Part II. Later, in Córdoba, Mérimée meets Carmen, a beautiful Romani woman who is fascinated by his repeating watch. He goes to her home so she can tell his fortune, and she impresses him with her occult knowledge. They are interrupted by Don José, and although Carmen makes throat-cutting gestures, José escorts Mérimée out. Mérimée finds his watch is missing.
Some months later, again in Córdoba, a friend of Mérimée's tells him that Don José Navarro is to be garrotted the next day. Mérimée visits the prisoner and hears the story of his life.
Part III. Our robber's real name is José Lizarrabengoa, and he is a Basque "hidalgo" from Navarre. He killed a man in a fight resulting from a game of "paume" (presumably some form of Basque pelota) and had to flee. In Seville he joined a unit of dragoons, soldiers with police functions.
One day he met Carmen, then working in the cigar factory he was guarding. As he alone in his unit ignored her, she teased him. A few hours later, he arrested her for cutting x's in a co-worker's face in a quarrel. She convinced him by speaking Basque that she was half Basque, and he let her go, for which he was imprisoned for a month and demoted.
After his release, he encountered her again and she repaid him with a day of bliss, followed by another when he allowed her fellow smugglers to pass his post. He looked for her at the house of one of her Romani friends, but she entered with his lieutenant. In the ensuing fight, José killed the lieutenant. He fled to Carmen's outlaw band.
With the outlaws, he progressed from smuggling to robbery, and was sometimes with Carmen but suffered from jealousy as she used her attractions to further the band's enterprises; he also learned that she was married. After her husband joined the band, José provoked a knife fight with him and killed him. Carmen became José's wife.
However, she told him she loved him less than before, and she became attracted to a successful young picador named Lucas. José, mad with jealousy, begged her to forsake other men and live with him; they could start an honest life in America. She said that she knew from omens that he was fated to kill her, but "Carmen will always be free," and as she now hated herself for having loved him, she would never give in to him. He stabbed her to death and then turned himself in. Don José ends his tale by saying that the Romani are to blame for the way they raised Carmen.
Part IV. If readers expect a continuation of the story, perhaps with a description of José's execution, they will be surprised. This part consists of scholarly remarks on the Romani: their appearance, their customs, their conjectured history, and their language. According to Henri Martineau, editor of a collection of Mérimée's fiction, the etymologies at the end are "extremely suspect".
Differences from the opera.
As the above summary and that of Bizet's opera indicate, the opera is based on part III of the story only and eliminates many elements, such as Carmen's husband. It greatly increases the role of other characters, such as the Dancaïre, who is only a minor character in the story; the Remendado, who one page after he is introduced is wounded by soldiers and then shot by Carmen's husband to keep him from slowing the gang down; and Lucas (renamed Escamillo and promoted to matador), who is seen only in the bull ring in the story. The opera's female singing roles other than Carmen—Micaëla, Frasquita, and Mercédès—have no counterparts in the novella. Carmen knows her fate not from reading cards but from interpreting such omens as a hare running between José's horse's legs. Other differences are too numerous to list.

</doc>
<doc id="5928017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928017" title="SS Amerikanis">
SS Amerikanis

SS "Amerikanis", formerly the SS "Kenya Castle" was a Greek owned cruise ship.
Building.
"Kenya Castle" was completed in 1952 as a British passenger liner, also fitted with considerable refrigerated and general cargo capacity. She was the second of a trio of sister ships built between 1950-1953 at the Belfast yards of Harland and Wolff, for the Union-Castle Line of London England; the others being "Rhodesia Castle" and "Braemar Castle". One-class accommodation was provided for approximately 530 passengers.
Passenger/cargo service to Africa.
SS "Kenya Castle" commenced duty on her owners' around Africa route from London in March 1952. However by 1962, due to dwindling patronage, the voyages were terminated at Durban, South Africa. "Kenya Castle" and her sister ships then retraced their (now all eastabout) journeys back to Britain via the Suez Canal. During an early 1960s refit the passenger complement was reduced to 446, while technical upgrades included the ship's funnel being heightened by the fitting of a streamlined, ventilated dome. Faced with continual decline in demand for their services, Union-Castle withdrew all three sister ships from the Africa trade during 1965-67, each vessel having operated for around 15 years. "Kenya Castle" was laid-up in early 1967, while her less fortunate sisters went to 'breakers.
Conversion and cruising career.
In July 1967, "Kenya Castle" was bought by the Chandris shipping family, (now Celebrity Cruises). 
Renamed SS "Amerikanis" ('American maiden'), the vessel proceeded to Greece for extensive alterations to suit a full-time cruise ship role. Cargo holds were replaced by additional passenger cabins, increasing capacity to approximately 920. The vessel became somewhat famous for being the first passenger ship to have a television in every cabin. All public rooms were refurbished in contemporary European style. The modernised vessel re-appeared with a white hull and superstructure; other than the removal of cargo handling gear, "Amerikanis" retained much of her former classic profile.
While intended to operate trans-Atlantic cruises during her first season, delays to the refurbishment caused "Amerikanis" to go directly into an autumn 1968 program from New York to Bermuda. The vessel later moved to the Caribbean, basing at Puerto Rico for the northern winter and operating Mediterranean Sea cruises in the summer. Retaining her name, "Amerikanis" was leased to the Italian operators Costa Cruises (vessel remained owned by Chandris) from 1980-1984. For this charter, the ship's funnel was re-painted yellow with Costa's trademark blue "C". After regaining the distinctive white Chandris "X" ("Ch" - for Chandris - in the Greek alphabet) on her blue funnel, "Amerikanis" went on to serve for another 12 years.
Finale.
In 1996 "Amerikanis" was withdrawn to Greece, which is where she lay while decisions were made about her future. Nothing materialized and she was sold for scrap in either 2000 or 2001. SS "Amerikanis", a pioneering cruise ship and one of the most popular and successful Chandris liners, made her own way for dismantling at Alang, India after a notable career of over 44 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5928026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928026" title="Keelatud maa">
Keelatud maa

"Keelatud maa" (English translation: "Forbidden Land") was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Estonian by Maarja.
The song was performed thirteenth on the night (following Poland's Anna Maria Jopek with "Ale jestem" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Alma Čardžić with "Goodbye"). At the close of voting, it had received 82 points, placing 8th in a field of 25.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman whose lover is putting barriers in her way when it comes to their relationship. She compares this to being in a "forbidden land", but tells him that it won't remain so forever.
On stage with Maarja were two backing vocalists, Airi Allvee and Evelin Samuel who was to represent Estonia in 1999. 
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1998 Contest by Koit Toome with "Mere lapsed".

</doc>
<doc id="5928035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928035" title="Italian Footballer of the Year">
Italian Footballer of the Year

The Italian Footballer of the Year () is a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) given to the Italian footballer who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie A season. The award is part of the "Oscar del Calcio" awards event.

</doc>
<doc id="5928036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928036" title="Basawon Singh (Sinha)">
Basawon Singh (Sinha)

Basawon Singh, also known as Basawon Sinha, (died 7 April 1989) was an activist in the Indian independence movement and a campaigner for the rights of the underprivileged, industrial labourers and agricultural workers. He spent more than 16 years in prisons in British India as a consequence of his support for independence and he was committed to Democratic Socialism. Along with Yogendra Shukla, he was a founder member of the Congress Socialist Party in Bihar. 
Early life.
Basawon Singh was born in a poor family in Jamalpur (Subhai), Hajipur on 23 March 1909.
Becomes a revolutionary.
He joined the Hindustan Socialist Republican Army headed by Yogendra Shukla in 1925. He absconded in 1929 after the Lahore Conspiracy Case. He was co-accused in the Bhusawal, Kakori, Tirhut and Deluaha conspiracy cases. He carried on the movement along with Chandrashekhar Azad and Keshav Chandra Chakravarty. He was sentenced to seven years in prion and escaped from Bankipore Central jail in June 1930 after three days. Rearrested, he undertook a 57-day hunger-strike against the imposition of cross-bar fetters in jails. He was released in June 1936 due to frail health resulting from his fasting.
Congress Socialist Party and trade union work.
He joined Congress Socialist Party in December 1936 and was appointed its labour secretary. He established trade unions in the coal fields, sugar mills, mica mines and railways of Bihar. He formed Japla labour union in 1937, Baulia Labour union in 1937, organised the workers of Jamalpur Workshop along with Shivnath Bannerjee, formed the Gaya cotton and Jute Mill Labour Union, formed the Tata Collieries Labour Association along with Subhas Chandra Bose, went on to become its president when Bose left India in 1941. He organised coal workers of Talcher with close co-ordination and support of Dukhabandhu Mishra (founder member of HMS union in Talcher coalfields), Rajgangpur (Orissa) and Satna (MP); established Mica Workers Union, Gomia Labour Union (Explosives), later these unions affiliated to HMS. He was active in AIRF since 1936, president of OT Railway Union from Agra to Nefa and NE Railway Mazdoor Union.
He was rearrested in April 1937 along with Jayaprakash Narayan, Benipuri and others in Patna for "unconstitutional" works for six months. During the Second World War he was the first man in Bihar to be arrested under Defence of India Ordinance on 26 January 1940 in Husainabad, Palamu and released after eighteen months. During the Quit India Movement, after the interception of Jayaprakash Narayan's Deoli letter addressed to him, he went underground in 1941 and went to Afghanistan to collect firearms and ammunition. He attended the Bombay AICC session (9 August 1942) and conducted the movement from the underground. He was held in Delhi on 8 January 1943 to be freed only on 3 April 1946 after which he continued his nationalist and trade union work.
In independent India.
He was a member of the National Executive of the Socialist Party. He is the founder of HMS (Hind Mazdoor Sabha), one of the six national federations affiliated to the Socialists. He was held for Gomia strike in 1965 fighting for the rights of workers.
He won from Dehri-on-Sone in the first General Elections of 1952 and becomes the first leader of the opposition from 1952 until 1962. He became a Member of the Legislative Council from 1962–68. He became one of the most powerful Cabinet Ministers (Cabinet Minister of Labour, Planning and Industry) in the 1967 Coalition Government. During the Emergency of 1975 he stayed underground for 19 months conducting the movement and his wife was jailed under MISA as a potential "threat" to the Government.
In 1977 he wins from Dehri-on-Sone and again becomes the Cabinet Minister for Labour, Planning and Industry in the Janata Party government in the state. He died on 7 April 1989.
Recognition.
The Government of India issued a commemorative stamp in his name on 23 March 2000. There is an indoor stadium in his name in the city of Hajipur in Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="5928046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928046" title="African Women's Championship">
African Women's Championship

The African Women's Championship is a biennial competition in women's football for national teams which belong to the Confederation of African Football (CAF). Nine tournaments have been held, with the current champions being Nigeria. Nigeria has won all but one of the previous tournaments. 
The competition has served as a qualifying tournament for the FIFA Women's World Cup every other year since its inception in 1991. In 2006, the final round of the competition took place in Nigeria for the third time, replacing Gabon, which was initially granted the right to host but later pulled out citing financial difficulties.
History.
In 2000, hosts South Africa met three-time champions Nigeria in the final game of the tournament. After Nigeria finished the first half ahead 1-0, Nigeria's Stella Mbachu scored a second goal in the 72nd minute and the home crowd realized there was no coming back. Supporters began hurling bottles and other debris at officials and Nigerian players. The match was abandoned after three attempts at restarts were all interrupted by further disturbances. Riot police began fighting battles with bottle-throwing supporters about 40 minutes after the goal had been allowed, throwing tear gas into the crowd to break up the disturbance. The game and the tournament were awarded to Nigeria.
Results.
Note: "abd" - match abandoned

</doc>
<doc id="5928054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928054" title="Sonic Youth discography">
Sonic Youth discography

Sonic Youth was an alternative rock band formed in New York City in 1981. Their lineup included Thurston Moore, Lee Ranaldo, Kim Gordon, Mark Ibold, and Steve Shelley. The band's discography includes 16 studio albums, seven extended plays, three compilation albums, seven video releases, 21 singles, 46 music videos, eight releases in the Sonic Youth Recordings series, eight official bootlegs, and contributions to 16 soundtracks and other compilations.
In 1981 Sonic Youth signed with Neutral Records, and released its eponymous debut EP "Sonic Youth" the next year. The band's first full-length album was "Confusion is Sex", released in 1983. "Kill Yr Idols" was released the same year, under the German label Zensor Records. "Bad Moon Rising" was released two years later on Blast First, a label created specifically for Sonic Youth releases. In 1986 Sonic Youth signed to SST Records and released "EVOL" later the same year. The album gained the band increasing critical acclaim and exposure, and the group released "Sister" and the double LP "Daydream Nation" in 1987 and 1988 respectively, the latter on Enigma Records.
In 1990 the band signed to major label Geffen Records, and released "Goo" the same year. The band's 1991 tour with the then little-known band Nirvana was documented in the film "". In 1992, Sonic Youth released "Dirty". Two years later, the group released "Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star", and "Washing Machine" the following year.
Forced to start from scratch after its instruments and equipment were stolen, the band released "NYC Ghosts & Flowers" in 2000. Sonic Youth released "Murray Street" in the summer of 2002, followed in 2004 by "Sonic Nurse". "Rather Ripped" and "" were released in 2006, the latter featuring tracks previously available only on vinyl, limited-release compilations, B-sides to international singles, and other previously unreleased material.
Sonic Youth Recordings (SYR) series.
Sonic Youth have released a number of mostly experimental and instrumental releases under their own label Sonic Youth Recordings. The SYR series has established a tradition where each album is released in a different language. "SYR1" has song titles and album sleeve artwork all in French, "SYR2" is in Dutch, "SYR3" is in Esperanto, "SYR4" in English "SYR5" is in Japanese, and "SYR6" is in Lithuanian.

</doc>
<doc id="5928060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928060" title="The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees">
The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees

The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs, released on Fools of the World records in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5928061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928061" title="American Dream (album)">
American Dream (album)

American Dream is the ninth album by the band Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, their fifth studio album and their second by the quartet configuration. Released in 1988 on Atlantic Records, it peaked at #16 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. To date, it is their final album to receive either a gold or platinum citation by the RIAA. It is dedicated to Jan Crosby, Anne Stills, Susan Nash, and Pegi Young.
Background.
Neil Young made a promise to David Crosby to reunite with Crosby, Stills & Nash if Crosby could solve his problems with drugs and clean out. Prison time for Crosby in 1986 accomplished exactly that, and good to his word the quartet assembled to record the second CSNY studio album at Young's ranch in Woodside, California.
The title song, written by Neil Young, was a satire of sensational political scandals involving Oliver North, former presidential candidate Gary Hart, and televangelist Jimmy Swaggart. The promotional video of "American Dream" for MTV received some airplay, but the single missed the Billboard Hot 100 completely, as did three of the other four singles released from the album. The only single to chart, "Got It Made," peaked at #69. Crosby's "Compass" is a lament on how much time he had wasted on drugs, and the production of the album in general is a mix of the group's trademark acoustic spareness and their sound updated for the 1980s.
Reception.
Anticipation for the quartet's first studio album since "Déjà Vu" in 1970 was great, but all four performers were at various ebbs in their songwriting. The harmonies still sounded intact, but critics found the songs too placid and trite. "American Dream" was meant to be a concept album on the meaning of American dreams and aspirations, but critics and fans alike felt that CSNY had fallen short of their goals. Writing in "Rolling Stone," critic Anthony DeCurtis wrote, "Despite pleasant melodies, the occasional interesting song, and the signature harmonies, "American Dream" is, for the most part, a snoozefest." Writing in their 1991 book "The Worst Rock and Roll Records Of All Time", Jimmy Guterman and Owen O'Donnell were especially vicious, rating "American Dream" as the fourth-worst album ever. As ardent detractors of Crosby, Stills and Nash, the two authors declared that they had not expected anything worthwhile from the trio anyway and took Young to task for his songs, which they felt made the album especially bad. Guterman and O'Donnell declared that Young's contributions to "American Dream" were flops that he never would have put on any of his solo albums. "Here, of course," they wrote, "they were the highlights."
David Crosby, in fact, agreed that the album had too many songs and that the writing was not up to par. "The whole thing, the recording of "American Dream," it got stretched out. And we did not have, really, the best group of songs to work with. . . . Then, even though we did not have enough good songs, we ended up putting fourteen of them on the album! I think that was stupid."

</doc>
<doc id="5928070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928070" title="Hazard (Marvel Comics)">
Hazard (Marvel Comics)

Hazard (Carter Alexander Ryking) is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "X-Men" vol. 2 #12.
Fictional character biography.
Carter Ryking's father worked at the Alamogordo Nuclear Research facility alongside Brian Xavier and Kurt Marko. When Carter's mutant powers first manifested themselves, his father placed him under heavy sedation because the power was uncontrollable. Unfortunately, no measures to cure or assist Carter worked, and he spent most of his life under tranquilizers. It is later revealed that he and Charles Xavier were experimented on by Dr. Milbury who injected them with a substance.
However, when Carter saw a news report of his father's death, he went berserk and lashed out with his powers. Although he was successfully brought under control, that night he dreamt of an earlier sedation at his father's own orders, a nightmare that woke him with tremendous energies cascading around him. He was so out of control that when the medical team tried to stun him with tasers, which had always worked on him before, Ryking shrugged off the tasers' charge and used the taser wires now connected to him to route his plasma charge back to the med staff, frying them to the bone.
Wearing a battle-suit that incorporated the taser wires at his father's funeral, Carter, now calling himself Hazard, attacked his father's funeral and taunted Professor Charles Xavier, whom he had known as a child. Xavier had come because Hazard's father had worked with his own father, and because a folder of files that had recently come into his possession intimated that the research at Almagordo was not what it appeared to be.
Hazard revealed that he sent Xavier the file, and then kidnapped Xavier and took him to Almagordo to reveal its secrets to him. Hazard implied to Xavier that Almagordo's purpose was mutant research, not nuclear research, and intimated that he, and presumably Xavier, were purposely mutated. The X-Men arrived to free Xavier and in the battle, Hazard unleashed a blast that destroyed the facility. Ryking was captured and returned to his father's clinic.
Hazard was later contacted by the woman known as Fontanelle through his dreams. Fontanelle was gathering information about Gambit for her employer, the New Son, but the nature of the link between Hazard and Gambit is unknown.
Hazard lost his mutant powers after the M-Day.
Ryking was later seen as a patient at the Ryking Secure Psychiatric Facility. While there, Carter receives a visit from Charles Xavier, who had lost portions of his memory after being shot in the head by Bishop. The staff at the facility informs Xavier that since his depowerment, Carter has become more mentally unstable. Carter helps Xavier recover a part of his memory by allowing him to read memories of when they were children. After helping Charles, Carter predicts that his death is close, and he reveals that he has been counting down towards it. Later, while the staff attempts to sedate him, Carter mutters the words "One. One. One. Zer--" and promptly dies.
It is revealed that Mister Sinister, posing as Milbury, had implanted his own DNA into Carter and Xavier (along with Juggernaut and Sebastian Shaw) so that upon his death the machine would trigger the implants, turning one of them into Sinister. Because he had lost his powers, Carter died.
Powers and abilities.
Before being depowered, Hazard could generate explosive surges of super-heated plasma through his body. He also possessed a cyber-suit that could channel his power through retractable metallic wires on his wrists and through boot rockets that granted him flight.

</doc>
