<doc id="5930956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930956" title="2006 German Grand Prix">
2006 German Grand Prix

The 2006 German Grand Prix (formally the Mobil 1 Grand Prix of Germany) was a Formula One motor race held at the Hockenheimring on 30 July 2006. The race, contested over 67 laps, was the twelfth round of the 2006 Formula One season and was won Michael Schumacher. The Grand Prix weekend got off to a controversial start when the mass damper system fitted by Renault was deemed legal by the FIA appointed stewards, despite the FIA banning the use of these devices. The FIA appealed against the steward's decision, but Renault then withdrew the system after Friday practice to avoid further sanctions.
Kimi Räikkönen took pole position, but it proved artificial as McLaren had inadvertently not put enough fuel as intended in his car before qualifying. In the race, Räikkönen's early pitstop left him unable to challenge at the front, and the way was left clear for Ferrari to score a dominant one-two. Perhaps due to the damper issue, Renault were not competitive; it was the first time in that neither of their cars finished the race on the podium.
Sakon Yamamoto made his Formula One début at the Grand Prix, starting from pit lane after changing chassis after the qualifying session. He was not the only one to suffer changes after qualifying, as Jarno Trulli and Christijan Albers both had to change engines, incurring ten-place penalties. A nightmare weekend for Albers was summed up with his disqualification, along with team-mate Tiago Monteiro, as the Midlands were disqualified after the race for having illegally flexing rear wings. The race also saw the last appearance by champion Jacques Villeneuve, who blamed the split on the "lack of assurances about his short-term future with BMW Sauber". Robert Kubica was promoted internally at BMW to drive at the Hungaroring because Villeneuve was still recovering from the after-effects of his crash in Germany, and went on to race in all the remaining Grands Prix.
Qualifying results.
From:
Standings after the race.
Note, only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.

</doc>
<doc id="5930959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930959" title="Éder Aleixo de Assis">
Éder Aleixo de Assis

Éder Aleixo de Assis, was also known as Éder or Éder Assis (born May 25, 1957 in Vespasiano, Brazil), is a former Brazilian footballer. He played as a left winger and striker, most notably with Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense, Clube Atlético Mineiro in the Campeonato Brasileiro and with the Brazilian national team. He also played for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras in 1986. A couple of years later transferred to Malatyaspor with Carlos and Serginho in 1988-89 season but played only one match for him and returned to Brazil.
National team.
He had 52 caps with the Brazilian national team between May 1979 and April 1986. Éder came to international prominence during the 1982 FIFA World Cup, playing in midfield alongside Zico, Sócrates and Falcão, considered one of the greatest Brazilian national teams ever. In Brazil's first match of the tournament he scored a wonderful, winning goal against the Soviet Union, flicking the ball up and volleying it with blistering power into the net from 25 yards. He followed that up with another outstanding goal in the 4-1 win over Scotland, when he feigned to shoot powerfully but then lofted the ball over Scotland's frozen goalie Alan Rough and into the far corner, from the edge of the area. He smashed a bending free kick against the crossbar vs Argentina in the 2nd round group game from 30 yards out and this shot resulted in the first goal scored by Zico. Éder wasn't the quickest winger in the world but he was athletically built and had dazzling close control, as well as a shot that earned him the nickname "The Cannon" from his devoted fans.
Éder didn't make the Brazilian squad for the 1986 World Cup, after losing form and fitness during the preceding season, and also because he apparently pushed a ball boy during a warm-up game for Brazil. He was sent off in his final international match, against Peru, in April 1986. Off the field he was occasionally a controversial figure; rumours abounded that he preferred partying to training and he often fell out with coaches or fellow players.

</doc>
<doc id="5930961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930961" title="Praying Mantis (band)">
Praying Mantis (band)

Praying Mantis are an English rock band. Although a part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal scene, they pursued a musical direction more melodic and AOR-sounding than their contemporaries.
Career.
Their formation considerably pre-dated the NWOBHM movement. They were formed in 1974 by the Troy brothers, Tino and Chris, both college students. Like several NWOBHM bands they made their first available recording at Neal Kay's Soundhouse recording studio, which was released as the "Soundhouse Tapes" EP in 1979. 
1980 saw their profile considerably raised with support slots for Iron Maiden and Ronnie Montrose's Gamma. The attention won them a recording contract with Arista Records and they released their best-known work "Time Tells No Lies" in 1981. Management and line-up instability undermined their success and Arista dropped them. The following year they signed for Jet Records, but two subsequent singles flopped and the band folded. They had recorded a version of the Russ Ballard penned track "I Surrender", but ran into conflict with Rainbow, who went on to release their version, and had a Top 10 worldwide hit. Instead, Praying Mantis recorded another single, "Cheated". It reached No. 69 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1981.
The band maintained a strong fan base in Japan, and when the Troys temporarily reformed Praying Mantis for a NWOBHM nostalgia tour in 1990, they were encouraged by the response to resurrect the band full-time. Their live work was released as "Live at Last", and a follow-up studio album "Predator in Disguise" was released the following year, and the band soldiered on into the new century. A compilation album, "The Best of Praying Mantis", was released in 2004. Following further line-up changes, a new album, "Sanctuary", was released in the spring of 2009 and has gained worldwide media acclaim.
In 2013 the band announced they are to release a new single in October 2013. The single is to officially introduce new members, Cuijpers (vocals) and in’t Zandt (drums) to the bands fanbase after playing Colchester, Ipswich (with support from MGR Records band Kaine) and Cambridge Rock Festival with the brand new line up. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930970" title="Sarah Evanetz">
Sarah Evanetz

Sarah Evanetz (born June 27, 1975 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former international butterfly swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in 15th in the 100 m butterfly, and in fifth place with the Canadian relay team in the 4×100 m medley, alongside Julie Howard, Guylaine Cloutier, and Shannon Shakespeare.

</doc>
<doc id="5930981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930981" title="Hattie Carthan">
Hattie Carthan

Hattie Carthan (1901–1984) was a community activist and environmentalist who was instrumental in improving the quality of life of the Brooklyn, New York community of Bedford-Stuyvesant.
Carthan spearheaded a campaign to save a 40-foot "Magnolia grandiflora" tree that was thriving far north of its natural habitat, by getting it designated an official city living landmark. She went on to found the Magnolia Tree Earth Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5931002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931002" title="Daniel Filmus">
Daniel Filmus

Daniel Fernando Filmus (born June 3, 1955) is an Argentine politician and academic, formerly Senator for Buenos Aires during the period 2007-2013 and Minister of Education, Science and Technology in the government of President Néstor Kirchner. Since 2013, he is Argentina's Secretary for Matters Relating to the Malvinas Islands.
Biography.
Born in La Paternal, Buenos Aires, to María Cecilia Cwik and Salomón Filmus, his mother was an English language teacher of Polish descent, and his father a Jewish immigrant from Moldova who arrived in Argentina in 1928 and became a shopkeeper. Daniel Filmus was briefly involved in the Communist youth wing as a teenager, and enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires (UBA). He became involved in Peronist politics as a student union activist, and helped establish an office of the Permanent Assembly for Human Rights at UBA. He studied psychology and sociology at the university, and earned a degree in the latter in 1977. Filmus became a secondary school teacher, working in Entre Ríos and Chaco Provinces. He earned a specialization in adult education at CREFAL, a literacy promotion program in Mexico, and a Masters in Education at the Fluminense Federal University in Rio de Janeiro in 1989. Filmus never married. He had a daughter in 1992 during his first long-term relationship, and another daughter in 2002 with his second partner, Marisa Factorovich, a psychoanalyst.
Filmus became a Professor of Sociology at UBA in 1985 and served as president of the UBA Sociology Alumni Association, writing several books on the subject. He served in the Citizen Power Council of Buenos Aires and as staff researcher in the Latin American School of Social Studies (FLACSO), whose Argentine chapter he headed between 1992 and 2000. He was appointed secretary of education of the City of Buenos Aires by Mayor Aníbal Ibarra, who asked him to become his running mate for his successful 2003 bid for reelection. Newly inaugurated President Néstor Kirchner appointed Filmus Minister of Education before the mayoral race began, however. Filmus also served as staff researcher at the National Research Council from 1997, and as president of the UNESCO Debt-for-Education task force from 2006.
Filmus ran for mayor of Buenos Aires on the Kirchnerist Front for Victory ticket in 2007. He came in second in the first round, and was defeated by Republican Proposal candidate Mauricio Macri by nearly 22% in the runoff. He was, however, elected Senator for Buenos Aires and took office in December 2007; he was named president of the Committee on the Environment and Sustainable Development.
He again ran as the Front for Victory candidate mayor of Buenos Aires in 2011, naming his rival in the primaries, Labor Minister Carlos Tomada, as his running mate. The results were largely a replay of the 2007 election, however, with a second place showing in the first round and Macri's eventual reelection in the runoff by a margin of over 28%. 

</doc>
<doc id="5931011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931011" title="Quequechan River">
Quequechan River

The Quequechan River is a river in Fall River, Massachusetts, that flows in a northwesterly direction from the northwest corner of the South Watuppa Pond through the heart of the city of Fall River and into to the end of the Taunton River at Mount Hope Bay at Heritage State Park/ Battleship Cove. The word Quequechan means "Falling River" or "Leaping/Falling Waters" in Wampanoag, hence the city's name.
The river is and is mostly placid and stagnant in certain places, until it nears downtown Fall River near City Hall, where a quickly declining grade causes it to turn rapid down the hill into Mount Hope Bay/Taunton River. From 1813, with the establishment of the Fall River Manufactory, the river enabled Fall River to establish itself as a leading textile center during the early 19th century. It originally contained a series of eight small waterfalls in a narrow stream between what is now South Main Street and the tidal Taunton River. During the first half of the 19th century, the "Fall River" was nearly completely covered by textile mills. he upper portion of the river, east of Pleasant Street, was dammed to provide additional water power and storage for the mills.
Between 1913 and 1914, the city of Fall River put together the Quequechan River Report published in 1915, to look into the problems the river was presented with. During the hot summer months, the water flowed very low and slowly and the water quality was becoming questionable. Chemical reactions were occurring occasionally on the river's edge from industrial mill wastes combined with hot water discharge, human wastes and other wastes (a dump was located on the river), causing further sanitary health concerns, and interest in the river in general.
During the 1960s, Interstate 195 was constructed through the city along the length of the Quequechan River. The portion west of Plymouth Avenue was routed underground through a series of box culverts, while much of the eastern section "mill pond" was filled in for the highway embankment including the start of the Quequechan River being filled in for Exit 2 on Route 24, and portions of Route 24 and 195 built directly on the Quequechan River resulting in a change in the water flow, fish and wildlife over the years. There are plans to construct a bike path on the abandoned railroad that parallels Interstate 195 directly over the Quequechan, expose the falls where the were downtown and improve the quality of the river.
Geography.
The river consists of two distinct parts - a flat upper portion that flows between South Watuppa Pond and Troy Street and a steep, rapid section between Troy Street and the Taunton River near Battleship Cove.
The upper, eastern portion of the river was originally a relatively narrow and shallow stream flowing through a flat, wide valley of glacial deposits overlaying a deep granite ridge. Portions of the granite are exposed at the surface near what is today Brayton Avenue and also near Quequechan Street which was home to a Native American encampment on a small peninsula on the sand bar of the northwest corner on the South Watuppa where the Quequechan River begins and along the first mile of the Quequechan River.
The steep, western portion of the river between downtown and the waterfront originally consisted of a series of eight small waterfalls confined within a narrow, rocky bed. In the last half-mile (800 m) the total drop is about . and the average flow is 122 cubic feet per second (3.5 m³/s).
The last 1000 (304 meters) (0.2 miles ) of the 2.5 mile length of the Quequechan River empties out into the end of the Taunton River at the head of Mount Hope Bay at Heritage Park making the total length of the Quequechan River at 2.7 miles.
History.
The earliest use of the river for industrial purposes occurred in 1703 when Benjamin Church established a grist mill with a small dam just west of what is now South Main Street. In the years that followed, several other small mills would be established along the "Fall River", including fulling and saw mills. Later on, another grist mill was established to the east of Main Street, with a small dam about two feet high. In 1813, when the Troy Cotton & Woolen Company was established at this same site, the old dam was demolished and replace with a new dam three feet high. In 1826, several mill owners established the Watuppa Reservoir Company and obtained permission to raise the Troy Dam an additional two feet, impounding a much larger area of water stretching all the way to the South Watuppa Pond. This portion of the Quequechan River became known as the "mill pond". The Watuppa Reservoir Company was required to pay damages to the landowners behind the dam whose properties were flooded. The damming also created several small islands within the pond. The original members of the Watuppa Reservoir Company were David Anthony, Nathaniel B. Borden, Oliver Chace and Bradford Durfee.
Until 1862, nearly the entire eastern "mill pond" portion of the river was located in what was then part of Rhode Island, as the state line cut diagonally through the area from Mount Hope Bay to North Watuppa Pond. The steep western portion of the river was located entirely within Massachusetts. Prior to the Civil War, the entire eastern portion of the river remained fairly rural.
By the late 1840s the water power potential of the "Fall River" had been maximized. In 1849, the Wamsutta Steam Woolen Mill was the first establishment to be erected "above the falls". It was built on what was called Wardrope's Island. In 1859, the Union Mills was built further upstream along Pleasant Street, on the north bank of the river. These steam mills, and the many others that followed would rely on the river to provide a source of cool water for operation of their steam engines. The mills also used water for various processes involved in the manufacture of textiles. Hot, and used water was later returned directly to the river.
In the years following the Civil War, with both sides of the river, and both Watuppa Ponds entirely within Massachusetts, there would be a remarkable expansion of the cotton textile industry within Fall River. Between 1865 and 1869, several new mills were constructed on the river's north bank, including the Durfee Mills, the Merchants Mill, and the second Union Mill. During this same period, on the south bank of the river, new mills included the Tecumseh, Robeson and the Davol Mills. Then, between 1870 and 1873, an even more remarkable expansion took place within the city. Twenty-two new corporations were formed, building dozens of new mills, many within the Quequechan River valley. Many areas along the river were filled in to create new land for development.
The 1870s would also mark the rapid development of the eastern part of the city, which became known as Flint Village. In 1875, the Fall River Railroad was built to provide a rail connection with New Bedford. The railroad passed through the "Narrows" located between the North and South Watuppa Ponds, and over the shallow "mill pond" to Watuppa Station located at Plymouth Avenue.
By the 1880s the quality of the water in the Quequechan River became a problem. During periods of low water, the extensive area of "flats" became covered in a putrid muck consisting of industrial and human waste and various other garbage. Mills were often forced to shut down during dry periods for lack of cool, clear water to operate with. The city hired experts and various proposals were made over the years to fix the problem, but no action was taken. Finally, 30 years later after the problems of pollution in 1883 were first recognized and begun to be taken seriously, in 1913 the State Legislature established the Watuppa Ponds and Quequechan River Commission to investigate and finally find a solution to the problems. In 1915, Boston consulting civil engineers Fay, Spofford and Thorndike provided a lengthy report and designs to provide a permanent solution both the quality and quantity of water within the Quequechan River. The consultant's solution called for a three-compartment conduit with a lower level to carry sanitary sewer flows away from the river and toward Mount Hope Bay, a middle level to provide the mills with cool, clean water, and an upper level to carry hot water from the mills back to South Watuppa Pond for eventual reuse.
Post-industrial period.
The Great Fall River Fire of 1928 destroyed the Pocasset Mills and the adjacent Granite Block, which had both been constructed directly over the river to the east of Main Street. For the first time in decades, this portion of the river had been exposed. While the Granite Block was soon rebuilt, the falls of the Pocasset Mills would remain exposed until the 1960s. In 1932, the current Post Office was constructed over the river in the area between the Troy Mills and City Hall.
Highway era.
After World War II, the Massachusetts and other state governments began planning new highways to link the major cities of the region in order to ease congestion on city streets, promote economic development and for defense purposes. By the early 1950s, construction began on the Fall River Expressway to provide a direct link between Boston and Fall River. Similarly, the coastal cities in Southern New England proposed a "Tri-State" highway linking areas such as New Haven with Providence and Cape Cod. Early plans called for a "high level" bridge to be built across the Taunton River to the north of the Brightman Street Bridge. The highway was to pass through the north end of Fall River and connect directly with Wareham, Massachusetts. However, business leaders in New Bedford and downtown Fall River protested, claiming the highway would allow patrons to by-pass their cities altogether.
By the late 1950s with the passing of the landmark Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, the location of the new highway was shifted south and included a high-level bridge across the Taunton River with a route through the center of Fall River through the Narrows and onto New Bedford and Cape Cod. The proposed highway would also require the demolition of the Second Granite Block, old City Hall, the Troy Mills and several other buildings. Much of the highway was constructed within the area of the former "mill pond".
The portion of the Quequechan River between Plymouth Avenue and the waterfront was redirected into a series of underground culverts, passing under Interstate 195 to a new gate house located at the corner of Hartwell and Fourth Street. From there, it then flows parallel to the south side of the highway to Pocasset Street, passing under the Fall River Chamber of Commerce property and highway ramps before re-emerging on the uphill side of the former American Printing Company Mill #7 before it passes under the mill. It is also visible on the downhill side of this mill before it flows under the Metacomet Mill. The river then reappears under the Braga Bridge before flowing under the stone arch of Central Street and into Battleship Cove.
The river is no longer used for industrial purposes.
Recent history.
In July 2009, the city completed the first phase of a $185 million Combined Sewer Overflow Project, consisting of a diameter deep rock tunnel designed to capture wet weather sewer overflows which previously entered the Quequechan River and Mount Hope Bay and divert these flows toward the city's sewer treatment plant instead. The project is expected to result in a dramatic improvement of the water quality in the river
There are also plans being made to improve access to the Quequechan River for recreational purposes, including a proposed bike path along the former railroad right-of-way. Other plans propose to "daylight" the falls, restore or re-create them, and build a green belt with a connection to the waterfront.

</doc>
<doc id="5931022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931022" title="Vairagya">
Vairagya

Vairāgya (Devanagari: वैराग्य, also spelt "Vairagya") is a Sanskrit term used in Hindu philosophy that roughly translates as dispassion, detachment, or renunciation, in particular renunciation from the pains and pleasures in the material world (Maya). The Hindu philosophers who advocated vairāgya told their followers that it is a means to achieve moksha. True vairagya refers to an internal state of mind rather than to external lifestyle and can be practiced equally well by one engaged in family life and career as it can be by a renunciate. Vairagya does not mean suppression or developing repulsion for material objects. By the application of "vivek" (spiritual discrimination or discernment) to life experience, the aspirant gradually develops a strong attraction for the inner spiritual source of fulfillment and happiness and limited attachments fall away naturally. Balance is maintained between the inner spiritual state and one's external life through the practice of seeing all limited entities as expressions of the one Cosmic Consciousness or Brahma.
Etymology.
Vairāgya is an abstract noun derived from the word "virāga" (joining "vi" meaning "without" + "rāga" meaning "passion, feeling, emotion, interest"). This gives vairāgya a general meaning of ascetic disinterest in things that would cause attachment in most people. It is a "dis-passionate" stance on life. An ascetic who has subdued all passions and desires is called a "vairāgika".
Further etymological definition indicates the root "rańj", referring to colour. "Vi – rańj + ghaiṋ = virága. The state of virága is vaerágya. Virága means “to go beyond colour” or “to be uncoloured”. To remain completely engaged in the world yet uncoloured by the world is called vaerágya.
In Hindu texts.
The concept of Vairāgya is found in the Yoga Sūtras of Patañjali, where it along with practice (abhyāsa), is the key to restraint of the modifications of the mind (YS 1.12, "abhyāsa-vairāgyabhyāṁ tannirodhaḥ"). The term vairāgya appears three times in the "Bhagavad Gita" (6.35, 13.8, 18.52) where it is recommended as a key means for bringing control to the restless mind. It is also the main topic of Mokṣopāya or Yoga Vasistha.
Another important text on renunciation is "Vairāgya shataka" or "100 verses of Renunciation", a part of the "Śatakatraya" collection by Bhartṛhari.
Stages in Vairagya.
Swami Sivananda Saraswati teaches us in his book "How to Get Vairagya" about the stages involved in Vairagya as follows:
"There are four stages in Vairagya:
(1) Yatamana:- This is an attempt not to allow the mind to run into sensual grooves;
(2) Vyatireka :-In this stage some objects are attracting you and you are endeavouring to cut off the attachment and attraction. Slowly Vairagya develops for these objects also. Then the Vairagya matures. When some objects tempt and delude you, you should ruthlessly avoid them. You will have to develop Vairagya for these tempting objects and it must also mature. In this stage you are conscious of your degree of Vairagya towards different objects;
(3) Ekendriya:-The senses stand still and are subdued, but the mind has either Raga or Dvesha for objects. Mind is, in other words, the only sense that functions independently;
(4) Vasirara :-In this highest stage of Vairagya, the objects no longer tempt you. They cause no attraction. The senses are perfectly quiet. The mind also is free from likes and dislikes (Raga and Dvesha). Then you get supremacy or independence. Now you are conscious of your supremacy. Without Vairagya no spiritual progress is possible.
Vairagya is of three kinds viz., dull (Manda), intense (Tivra) and very intense (Tivratara). Dull Vairagya cannot help you much in the attainment of your goal."

</doc>
<doc id="5931031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931031" title="Uptown Top Ranking">
Uptown Top Ranking

"Uptown Top Ranking" is a song and single by the Jamaican teenage singers Althea Forrest and Donna Reid, recorded when they were 17 and 18 years old respectively.
Released in 1977, it was a surprise hit reaching number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1978, after early championing by BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel and a performance on Top Of The Pops, but had only one week at the chart summit, despite spending 11 weeks in the charts. It was produced by Joe Gibbs, using a re-recording of the riddim of the 1967 Alton Ellis song "I'm Still In Love", which had already been re-popularised in the 1970s by Marcia Aitken's cover "I'm Still In Love With You Boy", and the deejay track "Three Piece Suit" by Trinity, to which "Uptown" was an 'answer record'. The single's UK release was on the Lightning record label.
The lyrics were written by the duo and Errol Thompson. Althea & Donna became the youngest female duo to reach the number 1 place of the UK chart.
Covers.
"Uptown Top Ranking" has been covered by Ali & Frazier, who released it as a single in 1993, and Black Box Recorder, who included a version on their 1998 album "England Made Me". Zoë released a version featuring Prezident Brown in 2003 on her "Zoeciety" EP, and Scout Niblett released her version as a single in 2004. The song was sampled for Abs Breen's 2002 UK Top 10 hit single, "What You Got". The song was also covered (with changed lyrics) and recorded as "Strictly Rude" for Big D and the Kids Table's album "Strictly Rude".

</doc>
<doc id="5931035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931035" title="Anand Naidoo">
Anand Naidoo

Anand Naidoo is a South African - American anchor and correspondent for CCTV America based in Washington, DC.
He currently hosts CCTV America's daily political talk show, The Heat. 
He joined CCTV America in July 12 after six years as an anchor for Al Jazeera English, and ten years as CNN International's World News anchor prior.
Before joining CNN in 1997, Anand was the evening news anchor for the South African Broadcasting Corp. in Johannesburg. He began his broadcast career in Belgium, where he worked as a field producer for Belgian television as well as a producer and anchor for the Belgian Radio World Service. 
Anand has also worked as a news editor on Radio 702, a Johannesburg independent radio station and a presenter on the South African cable station, M-Net.
He began his career as a newspaper journalist on the Johannesburg Rand Daily Mail.
Among the major stories Anand has covered during his career was the release of Nelson Mandela and the first all-race elections in South Africa in 1994. He has also anchored breaking news coverage on the bomb blasts at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, the North Korean missile tests, the Nato Air Campaign in Yugoslavia and the Bosnian war and the 2nd Gulf War in Iraq.
More recently, he has travelled extensively in Central and South America covering human rights and environmental issues. 
Anand is the recipient of several prestigious journalism awards including the George Peabody award for coverage of Hurricane Katrina and the Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award for coverage of the Tsunami disaster in South East Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="5931048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931048" title="History of Patras">
History of Patras

The city of Patras has an important history of four thousand years. Patras has been inhabited since the prehistoric age and constituted an important centre of the Mycenean era. In the antiquity it was a leading member of the Achaean League. Patras reached the peak of its power in the Roman era, when an imperial colony was founded there by Augustus. In the Byzantine period it remained a commercial city. The town experienced repeated conquests from Latins, Venice, Francs, Byzantines and Ottomans. Later on, it played a leading part in the Greek revolution of 1821, the first revolt of which in Greece, broke out in Patras. In 19th century Greece, it was the second city of the country, the indisputable centre of the Peloponnese, an important export harbour and a cradle of the emerging Greek middle class. In the 20th century the city developed as a commercial and industrial hub and in spite of its overshadowing by Athens, it is now the third city of Greece and the most significant economic pole of Peloponnese and West Greece.
Antiquity.
The first traces of settlement in Patras date to the 3rd millennium BC, in modern Aroe. During the Middle Helladic period (the first half of the 2nd millennium BC) another settlement was founded in the region. Patras flourished for the first time during the Post-Helladic or Mycenean period (1580–1100 BC). Ancient Patras was formed by the unification of three Mycenaean villages located in modern Aroe, Antheia and Mesatis. The foundation of Patras goes back to prehistoric times, the legendary account being that Eumelus, having been taught by Triptolemus how to grow grain in the rich soil of the Glaucus valley, established three townships, Aroe (i.e. "ploughland"), Antheia ("the flowery"), and Mesatis ("the middle settlement") united by the common worship of Artemis Triclaria at her shrine on the river Meilichus. 
Mythology further tells us that after the Dorian invasion, a group of Achaeans from Laconia, led by the Patreus, established a colony. The Achaeans, having strengthened and enlarged Aroe, called it Patrae, as the exclusive residence of the ruling families, and it was recognized as one of the twelve Achaean cities. During antiquity, Patras remained a farming region but in Classical times it became an important port. In 419 BC the town was, on the advice of Alcibiades, connected with its harbour by long walls in imitation of those at Athens.
Roman Era.
After 280 BC, and prior to the Roman occupation of Greece, Patras played a significant role in the foundation of the second "Achaean League" ("Achaike Sympoliteia") together with the cities Dyme, Triteia and Pharai. As a consequence, the initiative of political developments was transferred for the first time to western Achaea. However, the League's armed force was destroyed by Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus after the defeat of the Achaeans at Scarpheia in 146 BC, and many of the remaining inhabitants forsook the city; but after the Battle of Actium Augustus restored the ancient name Aroe, established a military colony of veterans from the 10th and 12th legions (not, as is usually said, the 22nd), and bestowed the rights of colonists on the inhabitants of Rhypae and Dyme, and all the Locri Ozolae except those of Amphissa. 
"Colonia Augusta Achaica Patrensis" (CAAP) became one of the most populous of all the towns of Greece; its colonial coinage extends from Augustus to Gordian III. A cadastral map was drawn up, privileges were granted, crafts were created, the most important being that of earthen oil lamps which were exported almost to the whole world of that time, two industrial zones were created, temples were built, roads that rendered Patras a communication center were opened, streets were paved with flagstones, foreign religions were introduced. Patras was by then a cosmopolitan city. 
"The Golden Ass" of Lucius Apuleius, one of the most well-known works of Latin literature, was said to be adapted from a lost Greek original by a "Lucius of Patrae" - of whom little is known, but who presumably lived at the city in this period. 
At the end of the 3rd century AD, the city fell into decline, probably because of a strong earthquake that struck the whole of northeastern Peloponnese in AD 300.
Saint Andrew.
According to the Christian tradition, Saint Andrew came to Patras to preach Christianity during the reign of Emperor Nero and was crucified as a martyr. He is ever since considered to be the patron saint of the city. Two temples built in his honor, an old Byzantine-style basilica and a new monumental church, completed in the 1970s, mark the traditional place of his crucifixion. The new Saint Andrew Church is also the largest Orthodox church in the Balkins. Like Corinth, it was an early and effective centre of Christianity; its archbishop is mentioned in the lists of the Council of Sardica in 347.
Byzantine Era.
During the Byzantine times Patras continued to be an important port as well as an industrial center. In 551 AD it was laid in ruins by an earthquake. In 807 AD it was able without external assistance to repulse a Slavonian siege, though most of the credit of the victory was assigned to St Andrew, whose church was enriched by the imperial share of the spoils, and whose archbishop was made superior of the bishops of Methone, Lacedaemon and Corone. Besides, one of the most scholarly philosophers and theologians of the time, Arethas of Caesarea was born at Patrae, at around 860. In the 9th century there is a sign that the city was prosperous: the widow Danielis from Patras had accumulated immense wealth in land ownership, carpet and textile industry and offered critical support in the ascent of Basil I to the Byzantine throne.
Latin Era.
Captured in 1205 by William of Champlitte and Geoffrey I of Villehardouin, the city became part of the Principality of Achaea, the seat of the Barony of Patras and of a Latin archbishop. In 1387 Juan Fernández de Heredia, Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller of Rhodes, endeavoured to make himself master of Achaea and took Patras by storm. In 1408, the city became Venetian. At the close of the 15th century the city was governed by the Latin archbishop in the name of the Pope; in 1428 the joint despots of the Morea, Constantine and Theodore, sons of Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos, managed to get possession of it for a time. It was seized again by the Despotate of the Morea in 1430, which was immediately contested by the Ottoman Empire.
Ottoman Era.
In 1458 Patras was conquered by Sultan Mehmed II. Under the Ottomans, it was called Baliabadra (, the old town, as opposed to "Νέα Πάτρα", the fortress). Though Mehmet granted the city special privileges and tax reductions, it never became a major center of commerce. Venice and Genoa attacked and captured Patras several times during the 15th and 16th centuries, but never re-established their rule effectively.
On 7 October 1571, the Ottoman fleet on the one side, and the fleet of the Christian Holy League on the other, clashed in the Gulf of Patras in the Battle of Lepanto. The Ottomans were defeated, but the Holy League did not seize the city of Patras. The news of the Ottoman defeat were celebrated in Patras, but a revolt organized by five of the elders of the town and metropolitan Germanos I of Old Patras (1561–1572) was put down and its instigators were executed. The Venetians captured Patras from the Turks in 1687 during the Morean War and made it the seat of one of the seven fiscal boards into which they divided the Morea, but the Turks recaptured it, with the rest of the "Kingdom of the Morea", in a swift campaign in 1715. Generally, the first period of Turkish rule (1460–1687) was miserable, but from 1715 and on there was a revival of commerce, and so in the 18th century Patras became again an economically prosperous town, based on agriculture and trade.
Greek War of Independence.
Patras played a crucial role in the Greek War of Independence against the Ottomans (1821–29). The town was the first seat of the revolution along with the rest of Achaea and Mani. Patras was at the time the biggest and most prosperous town of the Peloponnese. An overwhelming, 2/3 majority of the town's 18.000 inhabitants where Greeks, and a small number of them was engaged in commerce, constituting the precursors of a middle class. Moreover, due to the town's commercial importance, some wealthy merhants of Patras had been appointed consuls of the major European states. The consul of Russia Vlassopoulos was also a member of the Filiki Eteria. The atmosphere in Patras had been tense since the mid-February 1821, when the Greeks refused to pay heavy taxes for the equipment of the Ottoman Army who was fighting against Ali Pasha. In the same period, members of the Filiki Etairia were preparing the field for a revolt in Patras, accumulating munition, money and equipment for their struggle. Odysseas Androutsos was hiding in Patras and Makryiannis arrived there trying to bring in contact the protagonists of the incoming revolts and coordinate the revolutionary effort. The Turks, who grew suspicious of these movements, transferred their belongings to the fortress on February 28, and their families on March 18 and fortified themselves in it. On March 23 the Turks launched sporadic attacks towards the town, trying to set certain houses on fire, which resulted on the destruction of some districts, while the revolutionaries, led by the freedom warrior Panagiotis Karatzas and using guns drove them back to the fortress. Makryiannis referred to the scene in his memoirs:
"Σε δυο ημέρες χτύπησε ντουφέκι ’στην Πάτρα. Οι Tούρκοι κάμαν κατά το κάστρο και οι Ρωμαίγοι την θάλασσα." 
"Shooting broke out two days later in Patras. The Turks had seized the fortress, and the Greeks had taken the seashore." 
On March 25 the revolutionaries declared the Revolution in the square of Agios Georgios in Patras. Therefore, it was at Patras that the Revolution is held to have officially began on March 25, 1821 in the chapel of "Agios Georgios". The Orthodox metropolitan of Patras and member of the Filiki Etairia Germanos, who was absent from Patras, returned to the town and blessed the freedom warriors. On the next day the leaders of the Revolution in Achaia sent a document to the foreign consulates explaining the reasons of the Revolution. However, some three hundred Turkish forces, mainly cavalry, under the command of Yussuf Pasha, heading from Ioannina to Euboea changed their direction and landed in Patras on April 3. The reinforcements joined the Turks of the castle, ransacked and destroyed the town. The consuls of the foreign powers who had been supportive of the revolt, namely those of Sweden, Prussia and Russia and the French consul Pouqueville who had given refuge to Greek revolutionaries, evacuated the town. The English consul Green who had kept a neutral stance refusing to accept Greeks in his consulate, and the French consul Pouqueville, in their written accounts describe the events and the extent of destruction as horrific. The irregular and unequiped revolutionary mob could not risk serious resistance. A possible exception was Panagiotis Karatzas, a local shoe-maker, who along with his men thwarted Turkish attacks on nearby settlements. Finally, the Turks, confined to the citadel, held out until being stormed by the French troops in 1828.
Modern times.
Patras was liberated on 7 October 1828 by the French expeditionary force in the Peloponnese, under the command of General Maison. In 1829 the then Governor of Greece, Ioannis Kapodistrias approved a very ambitious new urban plan for the city - which was still in ruins - presented to him by the French army engineer Stamatis Voulgaris. The plan was not carried out until the mid-19th century and then only with great adaptations conforming to the interests of powerful land owners. Patras developed as the second largest urban centre in late 19th century Greece after Athens. 
The city benefited from its role as the main export port for the agricultural produce of the Peloponnese. It was the main centre for the organisation of production of raisin, offering warehouse, banking and insurance services. However, this early era of prosperity was short lived; the completion of the Corinth Canal in 1893 challenged the predominance of its port. Besides, in 1894 raisin export prices in the international markets began to plummet, due to overproduction and international circumstances, which triggered a prolonged crisis with deep financial, political and social repercussions, known as the Great raisin crisis. Trade with western Europe, mainly Britain, France and Italy, did much to shape the city's early identity as a significant port and cosmopolitan urban centre in early 20th century Greece.
In the early 20th century, Patras developed fast and became the first Greek city to introduce public streetlights and electrified tramways. The war effort of World War I hampered the city's development and also created uncontrollable urban sprawl with the influx of Greek refugees from Asia Minor. During World War II, Patras was a major target of Italian air raids. At the time of the Axis occupation, a German military command was established and German and Italian troops were stationed in the city. On 13 December 1943, in the nearby town of Kalavryta, the German troops executed all the male population and set the town ablaze. After the liberation in October 1944, the city grew fast to recover, but in later years was increasingly overshadowed by the urban pole of Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="5931077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931077" title="National Art Glass Gallery">
National Art Glass Gallery

National Art Glass Gallery is located at the Wagga Wagga Civic Centre which started collecting studio glass in 1979 under the name Wagga Wagga Art Gallery but was changed to its current name to recognise the galley's national significance.

</doc>
<doc id="5931081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931081" title="A-bike">
A-bike

The A-bike is a folding bicycle invented by Sir Clive Sinclair in the United Kingdom and released on 12 July 2006. It weighs and folds to , small enough to fit in a rucksack.
The A-bike was designed by a team at Daka International Ltd, in Hong Kong, and Sinclair Research over 5 years. It was announced to the public in 2004. Clive Sinclair envisioned the A-bike, and Alex Kalogroulis was the main design engineer.
Characteristics.
The A-bike's telescoping structure reduces its apparent volume to about 25% in its collapsed state. A twin-chain system enables the bike to travel about per crank rotation despite the bicycle's small-diameter wheels (). The crankcase housing encloses almost completely the drive mechanism, protecting it and preventing oil stains on clothing or floor surfaces.
Small-diameter wheels may not be able to traverse uneven terrain, so the slightest imperfection in the intended path may interrupt progress, even on paved surfaces.
Media appearances.
In November 2006, A-bike was featured on UK television programme "The Gadget Show", alongside the Strida. The distribution company behind the A-bike was featured on the UK Television programme Badger or Bust broadcast on the 5 June 2007. In the "Top Gear epic race" Car vs. Train 2. Richard Hammond and James May carried A-bikes in their suitcases and unfolded them to bike from a ferry dock to a cable car. The magazine "A to B" described the A-bike as a "fabulous folder, but almost unrideable".

</doc>
<doc id="5931082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931082" title="Kittles">
Kittles

Kittles is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5931083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931083" title="Ahmad Zeidabadi">
Ahmad Zeidabadi

Ahmad Zeidabadi (born in 21 July 1965 in Zeidabad, Sirjan) is an Iranian journalist, academic, writer and political analyst and the secretary general of Office for Strengthening Unity. He is one of the notable figures of the Iranian reform movement.
Zeidabadi has been arrested multiple times for his journalistic work. In June 2009, shortly after the Iranian presidential election, Zeidabadi was arrested and held in conditions which the World Association of Newspapers called "horrific." In December 2009, Zeidabadi was sentenced to six years in prison.
Zeidabadi is the winner of the World Association of Newspapers' Golden Pen of Freedom Award for 2010 and UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize in 2011.
Background.
Zeidabadi holds a doctorate degree in international relations from Tehran University. His PhD thesis topic was "Religion and Government in Israel". His articles appeared in many newspapers and other media such as Rooz and BBC Persian.
Zeidabadi's professional work as a journalist started when he joined Ettela'at newspaper in 1989. He also worked with Hamshahri newspaper as well as other reformist newspapers which started being published after Iran's election in 1997. He is the secretary general of Office for Strengthening Unity and is one of the notable figures in Iranian reform movement. He is a member of the board of Iran's Journalists' Union.
He has always kept defending ethnic and religious minority rights with his articles. He also is an expert on the Middle East crisis and has many articles supporting the peace process. While he was not aggressive and did not insult anybody in his articles, he did not compromise anything in fighting for minority rights. His courage and integrity has been admired even by many of his colleagues that did not share the same political views with him on many issues.
Imprisonment.
In 2000, Zeidabadi was arrested and was sentenced to 13 months in jail. He is mostly known for an open letter he wrote from prison during this time. In the letter, he protested how Iran's judiciary dealt with the journalists in prison.
In 2003, Zeidabadi was arrested again. This time, he was sentenced to 23 months in jail. This was reduced to 13 months on appeal.
In June 2009, right after the Iranian presidential election, security forces arrested Zeidabadi and took him to prison. He is kept in a very bad situation even compared to other political prisoners based on many reports. In prison, he went on a hunger strike that was broken by force by security forces. Amnesty International described the conditions of his imprisonment as follows:
Ahmad Zeidabadi, a journalist for Roozonline, an online publication based in Belgium and
spokesperson for the Graduates’ Association, was arrested on 21 June. He was held
incommunicado until his appearance on 8 August at the second session of the “show trial”
(see Chapter 7). His wife was only allowed to visit him in Evin Prison for the first time on 17
August and said that he was in an extremely bad physical and emotional state. She said that
Ahmad Zeidabadi told her that he had been held in solitary confinement for 35 days after his
arrest in a coffin-like cell only 1.5m long. He had apparently gone on hunger strike for 17
days until doctors convinced him to stop. His wife met him again in mid-September, when he
told her that he had been severely beaten during interrogation. In an interview with Radio
Farda on 23 September, she said his interrogator told him:
“We are ordered to crush you, and if you do not cooperate we can do anything we want with
you and if you do not write the interrogation papers, we will force you to eat them.”
In December 2009, the Iranian Judiciary sentenced Zeidabadi to 6 years in prison, 5 years in exile in Gonabad, and lifetime ban on social and political activities in an in camera court. He is charged with sedition and propaganda against Iran's regime.
Award.
On 17 December 2009, Zeidabadi won World Association of Newspapers' Golden Pen of Freedom Award for 2010.
In the award citation, the World Association of Newspapers said:
"All journalists are aware of the dangers of challenging the autocratic regime of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the actions of Iran's Supreme Leader, Ali Khamenei. Mr Zeid-Abadi has chosen to repeatedly brave them and publicly support reform and the rule of law in Iran. He was sentenced to six years in prison, five years in internal exile in the town of Gonabad and a lifetime writing ban in the wake of the disputed presidential election in June. Mr Zeid-Abadi has refused to give in, despite the horrific conditions in which he is being held, and his courage makes us feel very humble. We hope Mr Zeid-Abadi's sentence will be overturned."
Personal.
He takes an anti-government position. He supported reformist candidate Mehdi Karroubi in the disputed 2009 presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="5931092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931092" title="Waldrep Dairy Farm">
Waldrep Dairy Farm

The Waldrep Dairy Farm, established in 1928, was the last functional dairy farm in Broward County and Miami-Dade County within the state of Florida until its closure in 2005. With much of the South Florida region finding its roots as farm, it served as a landmark and reminder of Broward County's past. At its peak, the farm's reach included many sections of what is now the City of Cooper City, eastern sections of the City of Pembroke Pines, western sections of the City of Hollywood and some areas of the Town of Davie. By the mid 1990s, it has been reduced to less than . 
Owned by Wiley Waldrep until his death in 1997, the farm was passed on to his grandchildren. Appeals by them to try and maintain the family business ran into difficulty, with costs eventually preventing the farm from even breaking even.
Monterra.
As a result, on August 5, 2003 the farm was sold to TOUSA Homes. Court appeals filed by Broward County prevented immediate development of the site. The case was decided in November 2004 in favor of the developer. It was estimated that approximately 1,900 homes would be built on the land when construction began in 2006. 
Originally part of unincorporated Broward County, the site was annexed by the City of Cooper City in 2004. The development of the land remains a sour point of discussion amongst many longtime residents of the area. 
The Monterra development is divided up into many smaller developments, including Estada at Monterra and Cascada at Monterra. Originally to be built exclusively by Tousa, the development was sold after it went into bankruptcy. Construction stopped sometime in mid 2008. Carr Residential is the current owner and the new Cascada element of the development is being built by Minto Group, while the Estada sub-development is being built by Lenar. Construction began in January 2010.
Legacy.
On March 19, 2002, an extension of Pine Island Road between Sheridan Street (County Road 822) and Stirling Road (County Road 848) was named Waldrep Dairy Road. This extension goes through what was once part of the farm. 

</doc>
<doc id="5931098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931098" title="Cheech &amp; Chong's Greatest Hit">
Cheech &amp; Chong's Greatest Hit

"Cheech & Chong's Greatest Hit" is a comedy album by Cheech & Chong. The album is a "greatest hits" compilation, featuring some of their best known comedy bits. Much to some fans disliking, some tracks were edited for this release. Oddly, the 1:34 track "Dave" is broken into two separate tracks, and is edited down for time. Also, "Earache My Eye" fades out just before the argument between father and son.

</doc>
<doc id="5931107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931107" title="Battle of Algeciras">
Battle of Algeciras

The Battle of Algeciras can refer to any of the following battles:

</doc>
<doc id="5931128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931128" title="Operation Hong Kil Dong">
Operation Hong Kil Dong

Operation Hong Kil Dong was the largest South Korean operation of the Vietnam War. The 48-day-long operation was claimed by South Korea as a major success as they claimed to have forces thwarted VPA/NLF infiltration into friendly areas. The results of the operation were a kill ratio of 24:1 in the Korean's report: 638 Vietnamese to 26 South Koreans. 98 crew-served and 359 individual weapons were captured in the aftermath.

</doc>
<doc id="5931135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931135" title="Max Bernstein">
Max Bernstein

Max Bernstein (May 12, 1854, Fürth – March 5, 1925, München) was a German art and theatre critic and author. He was the husband of Elsa Bernstein.
The Salon Bernstein.
Bernstein and his wife Elsa had one of the most prominent salons during the millennium. Guests included Theodor Fontane, Henrik Ibsen, Paul Heyse, Gerhart Hauptmann, Hermann Levi, Thomas Mann, Gustav Mahler, Ludwig Ganghofer, Ludwig Thoma, Frank Wedekind, Hugo von Hofmannsthal, Rainer Maria Rilke, Max Halbe, Hermann Sudermann, Otto Brahm, Ricarda Huch, Eduard von Keyserling, Georg Hirth, Erich Mühsam, Klabund, Franziska zu Reventlow, Annette Kolb, Tilla Durieux, Richard Strauss, Engelbert Humperdinck, Bruno Walter, Franz von Stuck, Olaf Gulbransson, Friedrich August von Kaulbach, Maximilian Harden, and Max Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="5931139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931139" title="Mermaid (Hitomi Shimatani song)">
Mermaid (Hitomi Shimatani song)

"Mermaid" is the second single from Japanese pop singer Hitomi Shimatani's fifth studio album, "Heart & Symphony", and her eighteenth single overall. "Mermaid" is described as a mixture between dance, pop, and has some presumably gothic undertones due to the "dark" sound of the song and the organ and harpsichord used in parts of the song. The b-side, 風の降る空 "(Kaze no Furu Sora)" is a symphonic ballad, incorporating a string section, piano, and an acoustic guitar.
The single hit #18 on the Oricon charts and is reported to have sold around 20,500 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5931141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931141" title="UNEP/GRID-Arendal">
UNEP/GRID-Arendal

GRID-Arendal is a centre collaborating with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), located in Arendal, Norway. The office was established in 1989 by the Norwegian Government to support the UN in the field of environment. It is part of the GRID network of environmental data and information centers, under the UNEP Division of early warning and assessment.
GRID-Arendal supports informed decision making and awareness-raising through environmental information management and assessment, capacity building services, outreach and communication tools, methodologies and products.
The mission of GRID-Arendal is to create environmental knowledge enabling positive change. This is achieved by organizing and transforming available environmental data into credible, science-based information products, delivered through innovative communication tools and capacity-building services targeting relevant stakeholders.
GRID-Arendal’s vision is a society that understands and values the environment on which it depends.
GRID centers.
The Global Resource Information Database (GRID) was established in 1985 in the framework of Earthwatch to provide timely and usable environmental data to the world community of researchers and policy makers. GRID centers also supports the developing countries through training programs and transfer of the technologies pertinent to the geographic information system and remote sensing.
Maps.
The GRID-Arendal web site provides access to an extensive collection of useful maps, including topographic maps of many countries by region. GRID-Arendal encourages users to include links to country maps in their documents, although re-printing of high-resolution maps requires agreement (a link to the agreement form is given on the web site).

</doc>
<doc id="5931148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931148" title="Jim Irsay">
Jim Irsay

James "Jim" Irsay (born June 13, 1959) is the owner and CEO of the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League.
Early life and education.
Irsay was born in Lincolnwood, Illinois, the son of Harriet (née Pogorzelski) and Chicago businessman Robert Irsay. His father was from a Hungarian Jewish family and his mother was the daughter of Polish Catholic immigrants. Irsay was raised Catholic, and did not know about his father's Jewish heritage until he was fourteen. Jim's brother, Robert, was born with a mental disability and died in 1999, and his sister, Roberta, died in a car accident in 1971. Irsay attended high school at Loyola Academy in Wilmette, Illinois a suburb just north of Chicago, Illinois and at Mercersburg Academy '78, Mercersburg, Pennsylvania. After high school he attended, and graduated from, Southern Methodist University in 1982 with a degree in broadcast journalism. Irsay played linebacker for the SMU Mustangs football team as a walk-on, but an ankle injury ended his playing career.
Career.
Irsay was 12 years old when his father, Robert Irsay, purchased the Baltimore Colts. After graduating from SMU in 1982 he joined the Colts' professional staff. He was named Vice President and General Manager in 1984, one month after the Colts relocated from Baltimore, to Indianapolis. After his father suffered a stroke in 1995 Jim assumed day-to-day management with the role of Senior Executive Vice President, General Manager and Chief Operating Officer in April 1996. When his father died in 1997 Jim engaged in a legal battle with his stepmother over ownership of the team, but later became the youngest NFL team owner at that time at 37. He controls 100% of the franchise.
Personal life.
Irsay married Meg Coyle in 1980, and the couple have three daughters, Carlie, Casey and Kalen.
Irsay has a habit of quoting rock music. It is rumored that he brings his guitar on Colts road trips and plays until 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning.
In 2001 Irsay purchased the original manuscript of "On The Road", or "the scroll": a continuous, one hundred twenty-foot scroll of tracing paper sheets that Jack Kerouac cut to size and taped together, for $2.43 million. Irsay is a big fan of British rock band The Who. Irsay also has purchased guitars originally owned by Elvis Presley, George Harrison, and Jerry Garcia.
In 2009 Irsay was vocal about preventing a group that included talk-show host Rush Limbaugh from purchasing the St. Louis Rams. "I, myself, couldn't even consider voting for him," Irsay said at an NFL owners meeting. "When there are comments that have been made that are inappropriate, incendiary and insensitive... our words do damage, and it's something we don't need." Irsay has made political contributions to John Edwards and Harry Reid.
On March 16, 2014, Irsay was arrested under suspicion of DUI and drug possession in Carmel, Indiana. According to Indianapolis Star sports columnist, Bob Kravitz, he has had an ongoing drug problem. Irsay's daughter, Carlie, will take over the day-to-day operations of the Colts while he is in rehab.

</doc>
<doc id="5931150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931150" title="Shivalik-class frigate">
Shivalik-class frigate

The "Shivalik" class or Project 17 class is a class of multi-role stealth frigates in service with the Indian Navy. They are the first stealth warships built in India. A total of three ships were built between 2000 and 2010, and all three were in commission by 2012.
The "Shivalik" class, along with the seven Project 17A frigates currently being developed from them, are projected be the principal frigates of the Indian Navy in the first half of the 21st century. All ships of the class were built by Mazagon Dock Limited. The class and the lead vessel have been named for the Shivalik hills. Subsequent vessels in the class are also named for hill-ranges in India.
Originally conceived as a successor to the "Talwar"-class frigates, the "Shivalik" class frigates feature improved stealth features and land attacking capabilities.
Design and description.
"Project 17" was conceived in the 1990s to meet the Indian Navy's need for a class of stealthy frigates that were to be designed and built in India. The Directorate of Naval Design (DND)'s specifications for the project called for a class of "5000 ton stealth frigates (Project 17) incorporating advanced signature suppression and signature management features". The first three units were formally ordered by the Indian Navy in early 1999.
"Shivalik"s design embodies many firsts in Indian ships. "Shivalik" is the first Indian naval vessel to use a combined diesel or gas (CODOG) propulsion system. The CODOG gearboxes were designed and built by Elecon Engineering.
The main features of the class are its stealth characteristics and land-attack capability. The ships incorporate structural, thermal and acoustic stealth features. The vessels use 10 gigabit LAN for their network.
There has also been an increased emphasis on crew comfort in this class of ships with more spacious accommodation being provided. Also, INS "Shivalik" is the first ship in the Indian Navy with chapati- and dosa-makers on board.
General characteristics and propulsion.
The "Shivalik"-class frigates have a length of overall, a beam of and a draft of . The ships displace about at normal load and at full load. The complement is about 257, including 35 officers.
They use two Pielstick 16 PA6 STC Diesel engines and two GE LM2500+ boost turbines in CODOG configuration providing a total of of power. This allows the ships to reach a maximum speed of .
Electronics and sensors.
The "Shivalik"-class frigates are equipped with a wide range of electronics and sensors. These include:
In addition, the ships use HUMSA (hull-mounted sonar array), ATAS/Thales Sintra towed array systems and the BEL Ajanta Electronic Warfare suite.
Armament.
The "Shivalik"-class frigates are equipped with a mix of Russian, Indian and Israeli weapon systems. These include the 76mm Otobreda naval gun, Klub and BrahMos supersonic anti-ship missiles, Shtil-1 anti-aircraft missiles, RBU-6000 anti-submarine rocket launchers and DTA-53-956 torpedo launchers. A 32 cell VLS launched Barak SAM and AK-630 act as Close-in weapon systems (CIWS). The ships also carry two HAL Dhruv or Sea King Mk. 42B helicopters.
Construction and service.
All the three ships of the class were constructed at the Mazagon Dock Limited. The construction of the lead ship, "Shivalik", commenced in December 2000. The ship's keel was laid in July 2001 and was launched in April 2003. It underwent sea trials in February 2009 before being commissioned in April 2010. The second ship, "Satpura", was laid in October 2002. It was launched in June 2004 and commissioned in August 2011. The third and final ship, "Sahyadri", was laid in September 2003, launched in May 2005 and commissioned in July 2012. All the three ships are named after hill-ranges in India: "Shivalik" after the Sivalik Hills, "Satpura" after the Satpura range and "Sahyadri" after the Sahyadri range commonly called Western Ghats.
The lead ship of the class, INS "Shivalik", was deployed in the North West Pacific for JIMEX 2012 (Japan-India Maritime Exercise) with four other ships which included INS Rana, a Rajput-class guided missile destroyer, INS Shakti, a Deepak-class fleet tanker, and INS Karmuk, a Kora-class corvette, and took part in India's first bi-lateral maritime exercise with Japan. The Japanese Maritime Self Defence Force (JMSDF) was represented by two destroyers, one maritime patrol aircraft and a helicopter. After the deployment in the north Pacific, the battle group was deployed in the South China Sea. As part of India's "Look East" policy, the ships visited the Shanghai port on 13 June 2012, for a five-day goodwill tour. INS "Shakti" served as the fuel and logistics tanker to the three destroyers. The ships left the port on 17 June 2012. Before leaving the port, the ships conducted a routine passage exercise with the People's Liberation Army Navy.
The second ship, INS "Satpura", participated in the Malabar 2012 exercise with the United States Navy along with the Indian destroyers "Ranvir", "Ranvijay", corvette INS "Kulish" and replenishment oiler INS "Shakti". The other ships which participated in the exercise included Carrier Strike Group (CSG) 1 of the US Navy, consisting of: USS "Carl Vinson", embarked Carrier Air Wing (CVW) 17, the "Ticonderoga"-class guided-missile cruiser USS "Bunker Hill" and the "Arleigh Burke"-class guided-missile destroyer USS "Halsey". Military Sealift Command's fast combat support ship USNS "Bridge" also provided support for the exercise.
INS Shivalik participated in the PLAN's 65th anniversary celebrations held in Qingdao sailing 4,500 miles from Port Blair without any assistance from support ships. India, Indonesia and China conducted three high level exercises including anti-hijack exercise. PLAN official who visited the ship mentioned that “The Indian ship is a very strong ship with powerful weapons,” and “This gives us a good opportunity to see the Indian Navy". PLAN and Indian Navy decided to further deepen the Naval bond between the two nations.

</doc>
<doc id="5931193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931193" title="Sophie Simard">
Sophie Simard

Sophie Simard (born September 20, 1978) is an international freestyle and butterfly swimmer, who competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There she swam in the preliminary heats of the 4x200m Freestyle Relay, alongside Joanne Malar, Marianne Limpert, and Jessica Deglau. In the final she and Malar were replaced by Shannon Shakespeare and Andrea Schwartz. The resident of Ste-Foy, Quebec was also a member of the Canadian Swimming Team at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5931204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931204" title="Fraudulent trading">
Fraudulent trading

Fraudulent trading is an insolvency law concept, and in particular a UK insolvency law and Companies Act 2006 concept. It refers to a company that has carried on business with intent to defraud creditors.
Law.
Where during the course of a winding-up it appears to the liquidator that fraudulent trading has occurred, the liquidator may apply to the court for an order any persons who were knowingly parties to the carrying on of such business are to be made liable to make such contributions (if any) to the company's assets as the court thinks proper.
Conceptually, fraudulent trading is similar to a fraudulent conveyance, but the key distinction is that an application to have a transaction set aside as a fraudulent conveyance usually requires to the third party beneficiary to disgorge the benefit of the conveyance to undo the loss to the company's assets, whereas a court order in relation to fraudulent trading it is the responsible parties (usually the directors) who must make up the loss and the third party beneficiaries will usually retain the benefit. However, it is perfectly possible for a single transaction to be simultaneously fraudulent trading and a fraudulent conveyance, and to be the subject on concurrent applications. Some legal systems permit a director who makes a contribution to the company's assets pursuant to an order for fraudulent trading to subrogated to any claim that the company might have with respect to a fraudulent conveyance.
In practice, applications for orders in respect of fraudulent trading are rare because of the high burden of proof associated with fraud. Usually, even where fraudulent trading is suspected, an application is made with respect to an allegation of "wrongful trading" (or "insolvent trading") where the burden of proof is lower. Where applications are brought for fraudulent trading it is usually because when the trading occurred, the company was not insolvent at that time (insolvency at the time of the trading is normally a requirement to establish wrongful trading, but not fraudulent trading).
The effect of a successful application for fraudulent trading varies between different legal systems. In some countries the assets contributed by the directors are treated as general assets which may be taken by any secured creditors who may have a security interest which attaches to all the company's assets (characteristically, a floating charge). However, some countries have "ring-fenced" payments made for fraudulent trading so that they are made available to the pool of assets for unsecured creditors.
Fraudulent trading is entirely separate and distinct from "insider trading", which focuses purely upon the abuse of inside information in relation to financial markets for personal financial gain, and is wholly unrelated to creditor's rights or insolvency law.

</doc>
<doc id="5931209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931209" title="Kindelbrück">
Kindelbrück

Kindelbrück is a town in the district of Sömmerda, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Wipper, 12 km north of Sömmerda.

</doc>
<doc id="5931222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931222" title="Kirchberg an der Jagst">
Kirchberg an der Jagst

Kirchberg an der Jagst is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located on the river Jagst, 11 km northwest of Crailsheim.
The Second World War resistance member Friedrich Gustav Jaeger was born here.

</doc>
<doc id="5931232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931232" title="Hitomi Shimatani discography">
Hitomi Shimatani discography

This is the discography of Japanese pop singer, Hitomi Shimatani.

</doc>
<doc id="5931244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931244" title="Julie Howard">
Julie Howard

Julie Johnson (born October 23, 1976 in Brantford, Ontario) is a former international butterfly and backstroke swimmer from Canada, who competed at two consequentive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. There she was eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 100 m butterfly and 100 m backstroke. 
Four years later in Atlanta, Georgia, Howard's best finish was the fifth place with the Canadian relay team in the 4×100 m medley,longside Sarah Evanetz, Guylaine Cloutier, and Shannon Shakespeare. In 1995 she won the silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships, teaming up with Jessica Amey, Lisa Flood, and Shannon Shakespeare. She now teaches STRIDE and AIG in W.H.Robinson elementary school,and french at Markham District High School.
She failed to qualify for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Teacher.
Johnson is currently a French teacher at Markham District High School

</doc>
<doc id="5931252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931252" title="Louis D. Belcher">
Louis D. Belcher

Louis D. Belcher (born 1939) was the mayor of Ann Arbor, Michigan, from 1978 to 1983. He won office in an unusual "special election" of 1978, held after lengthy court wranglings over the disputed 1977 mayoral contest, and went on to win three more two-year terms as mayor.
Early career.
Louis Belcher was born in 1939. In 1971, Belcher first ran for mayor of Ann Arbor, losing in the Republican primary to Jack J. Garris, who was then defeated in the general election by Democrat Robert J. Harris.
Contested election of 1977.
In 1978, normally not a mayoral election year in Ann Arbor, Belcher became mayor under unusual circumstances. In April 1977, he had run as the Republican nominee against incumbent Democratic mayor Albert H. Wheeler, the city's first African-American mayor. Belcher lost by a margin of a single vote, with Wheeler prevailing by a count of 10,660 to 10,659. The election results, however, went to court because twenty people who lived just outside city limits had voted, without knowing that they were ineligible to cast ballots in Ann Arbor. A judge ordered that the voters reveal the name of the candidate for whom they had voted, in order to determine who would have won the election without the twenty ineligible votes, but University of Michigan student Susan R. Van Hattum refused the order on privacy grounds.
As the court challenge dragged on through 1977, Mayor Wheeler agreed to a new election in order to end the contentious legal process. The new election was held in 1978, with Belcher winning and becoming mayor.
Belcher's subsequent mayoral terms.
In 1979, Belcher ran for reelection, taking the Republican nomination unopposed and defeating Democratic candidate James Kenworthy in the April general election. Belcher went on to win two more terms, defeating Democratic challengers Robert G. Faber in April 1981 and Leslie Morris, who was attempting to become the city's first female mayor, in April 1983. At the time, his seven-year incumbency was the longest that a single person had held the Ann Arbor mayor's chair since the administration of Mayor William E. Brown, Jr. from 1945-57.
As mayor, Belcher was responsible for several initiatives in the areas of energy policy, historic preservation, and economic development. In 1981, Belcher established the Mayor's Energy Advisory Board (known since 1985 as the Ann Arbor Energy Commission), as an effort to develop ways for the city to become more energy efficient. The same year, Belcher persuaded the city council to buy the disused Michigan Theater, a 1928 movie palace, in order to preserve it from demolition; the theater is now a successful non-profit organization. In 1982, Belcher responded to Parke-Davis's threat to leave Ann Arbor for Canada and The Netherlands by offering substantial city property-tax abatements, keeping the company in town but angering liberal voters and city council members.

</doc>
<doc id="5931259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931259" title="Aníbal Fernández">
Aníbal Fernández

Aníbal Domingo Fernández (born January 9, 1957) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, lawyer, and certified public accountant who has been a close ally and loyal champion of both the late President Néstor Kirchner and the current President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. He has held several cabinet positions under three presidents, serving in these offices for a total of over nine years. He served as Minister of Production under Eduardo Duhalde, as Interior Minister under Néstor Kirchner, as Minister of Justice under Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, and as the President's Cabinet Chief from 2009 to 2011.
Early life and education.
Born in Quilmes, Buenos Aires Province, Fernández received his CPA on 6 March 1982 from the Universidad Nacional de Lomas de Zamora and his law degree on 19 December 2001 from the same institution.
Career.
Early political career.
He entered public service, working for the municipalities of Quilmes Partido and Florencio Varela Partido from 1983 as an advisor to the Budget Committee of the Senate of the province of Buenos Aires. He worked from 1985 to 1991 in an administrative capacity for the Peronist caucus in the Senate of the Province of Buenos Aires. Between 1985 and 1987, he was secretary of the administrative bloc of the Peronist Movement of the Senate, and worked in the administrative secretariat between 1987 and 1991. He advised the City Council of Quilmes, between 1983 and 1989, and Florencio Varela, between 1983 and 1988.
In 1991, Fernández was elected Mayor of Quilmes.
He was elected to the Constitutional Convention of the province of Buenos Aires in 1994 and served as chairman of the Committee on the Electoral System of the Constitutional Convention. He wrote the Eighth Section of the Reformed Constitution of the Province of Buenos Aires.
In 1995 he became a provincial senator and chaired the Public Health committee. He won the award for best senator in 1996. In June 1997 he was appointed to assist the province's Minister of Government and Justice, Dr. José María Díaz Bancalari. In 1999, he was elected president of the party in Quilmes. In December 1999, Governor Carlos Ruckauf named him Secretary of Labour, promoting him to be the province's first Minister of Labour in 2001.
Fugitive.
In 1994, Correctional and Criminal Judge Ariel González Elicabe charged Fernández with misappropriating funds and ordered his arrest. The charge stemmed from Fernández’s alleged fraudulent hiring of a law firm to negotiate a municipal debt. According to the daily "La Nación", he "was a fugitive for 48 hours, from 26 to 28 October." On October 27, 1994, his picture appeared on the front page of "La Prensa" alongside the headline: "Arrest warrant for mayor of Quilmes." Fernández, who ended up being charged with the falsification of a public document, insisted many years later: “I was not a fugitive, ever.”
National politics.
In January 2002, then-President of Argentina Eduardo Duhalde appointed Fernández as General Secretary of the Presidency in the national cabinet, and named him Minister of Production in October 2002. In 2003 he was elected to parliament, but resigned when Kirchner appointed him Interior Minister later that year.
Following the infant malnutrition scandal in Tucumán in November 2002, Fernández famously stated that this was caused by "a sick society and a ruling class that are sons of bitches, all of them."
He was believed to be planning to run for Governor of Buenos Aires Province in the 2007 elections, but his party (Front for Victory) chose Daniel Scioli instead. Newly elected President Cristina Kirchner appointed him to her cabinet as Minister of Justice, Security and Human Rights following her inauguration in December 2007. "La Nación", in an editorial entitled “Justice: A Bad Start,” opined that the selection of Fernández as Minister of Justice “cannot enthuse those who hope for progress” in Argentinian justice. "La Nación" recalled Fernández’s fugitive episode and the fact that he had been charged with falsifying a document; also noted that the pressure Fernández had reportedly exerted on the judge who investigated the corruption case involving the Swedish firm Skanska.
Following the ruling Front for Victory's defeat in the June 28, 2009, mid-term elections, Fernández was tapped to replace Cabinet Chief Sergio Massa, who tendered his resignation to the President, effective July 7. Fernández held this position from July 8, 2009, until December 10, 2011.
In national elections on October 23, 2011 , he was elected National Senator for the Province of Buenos Aires by 4,600,000 votes.
He left the Cabinet on December 10, 2011, on the same day began representing the province of Buenos Aires in the national senate. As of November 6, 2001, he had “served nine years and 62 consecutive days at the head of a ministry.”
In January 2014, Fernández said that he might be interested in succeeding Cristina Fernández de Kirchner as president of Argentina. He praised the president, describing her as “absolutely attuned to the national situation.”
Government programs.
The "Victims against Violence" program was implemented during Fernández’s tenure in the Ministry of Interior. In 2007, after Fernández became Minister of Justice, Security and Human Rights, the program was moved from the Interior to the Justice ministry. In the latter position, Fernández promoted actions and policies to combat human trafficking. In 2008 he created the Office for Rescue and Support of Victims of the Crime of Trafficking.
Other controversies.
In December 2008, after Fernández blamed acts of railroad vandalism on the Labor Party, he was sued by the Labour Party for "slander, libel, moral damage and impact on the party's image."
Fernández called Buenos Aires Education Secretary Abel Posse an “ass” and a “misogynist” in December 2009.
Fernández called TV host Mirtha Legrand "uneducated, rude, ignorant” in January 2010, and maintained that she “says stupid things.”
In January 2010, Fernández called economist Martin Redrado a “fool” and "freak” who “thinks he is the center of the world and fails to show respect for Argentinians.”
Fernández attacked Nobel Prize-winning Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa and Spanish philosopher Fernando Savater in April 2011 for criticizing the policies of the Kirchner government. “They say stupid things,” he charged, just prior to the two writers’ appearances at a book fair. Vargas Llosa, Fernández complained, “insults President Cristina Kirchner every time he gets a chance,” and Savater “comes to Argentina to speak ill of the ruling party in Argentina.”
Other activities.
Books.
In May 2011 the "Editorial Planeta" published his first book, "Zonceras argentinas y otras yerbas (Argentine follies and other stuff)". The book is an attack on “the follies that do so much damage to the country” and to the Kirchner government.
The book’s title is a reference to the 1968 book by Argentinian writer Arturo Jauretche, "Manual de zonceras argentinas", a catalogue of negative ideas about Argentina that are widely held by the Argentinian people, having been inculcated in them by primary school and reaffirmed by the new media.
The foreword was written by the President of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. The book was officially launched at the Frankfurt Book Fair on May 5, 2011, in front of a packed auditorium of government officials and most of the members of the Cabinet. In his presentation of the book, Fernández praised the president said that many books he had read were “full of false accusations” against the Kirchners. He singled out Mario Vargas Llosa for special criticism.
In January 2012, his book "Zonceras Argentinas al Sol" was published. He described it as a response to “organized absurdity,” by which, he explained, he meant the opposition to the Kirchners. At the official book presentation, mayor Dario Díaz Pérez Fernández said that the book would be “an invaluable tool for all youth who daily join the militancy for the project led by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner.”
Personal life.
Fernández is married with one son and is a passionate fan of Quilmes Atlético football club. He is the president of the Jauretche Institute, named for the local 20th-century pro-development activist Arturo Jauretche.

</doc>
<doc id="5931261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931261" title="Maurizio Domizzi">
Maurizio Domizzi

Maurizio Domizzi (born 28 June 1980) is an Italian football defender who plays for Udinese.
Club Career.
A S.S. Lazio youth product, Domizzi was farmed to Livorno at Serie C1 in October 1998. In summer 2001, he joined A.C. Milan, by immediately loaned to Modena at Serie B.
Sampdoria.
In the next season he joined fellow Serie A club U.C. Sampdoria along with Andrea Rabito on 21 June 2002 in joint-ownership bid, for 2,005 million lire (€1.035 million) each. Domizzi followed the Genoese club promoted to Serie A, and made his debut on 30 August 2003 against Reggina Calcio. Sampdoria also acquired Domizzi outright for another €4 million, with Rabito returned to Milan for undisclosed fee in June 2003.
Domizzi was loaned to Serie A clubs like Modena and Brescia, in the following seasons to seek more first team experience. In August 2005, he joined Serie A newcomer Ascoli, where he scored 4 goals.
Napoli.
In summer 2006, he joined Napoli which came back to Serie B from lower levels, for €1.25 million, which Sampdoria retained remain 50% registration rights. After Napoli promoted back to Serie A, He signed a new 4 years contract with S.S.C. Napoli, on 18 June 2007, as the club also bought the remain rights from Sampdoria for €1.5 million.
Udinese.
He joined Udinese on 1 September 2008, on co-ownership with Napoli for €2.5million. In June 2009, Udinese bought the remain half rights from Napoli for €1 million.
In June 2010, his contract was extended to 30 June 2014. On 5 July 2012 he added one more year to his contract, until 2015. His contract was renewed again on 22 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5931272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931272" title="Dorothy Janis">
Dorothy Janis

Dorothy Janis (February 19, 1912 – March 10, 2010) was an American silent film actress.
Early life.
Born as Dorothy Penelope Jones in Dallas, Texas, her short film career began when she was visiting a cousin, who was working on a film for Fox Film Corporation in 1927. Her beauty was noticed at once and she was asked to make a screen test. Janis went on to make five films: four silents and one talkie.
Film career.
The one talkie was "Lummox" (1930) based on the Fannie Hurst novel. This film, released by United Artists, only exists as a single nitrate print at the British Film Institute. Janis was best known for playing opposite Ramon Novarro in the MGM film "The Pagan" (1929), for which MGM publicity portrayed her as half-Cherokee. "The Pagan", directed by W. S. Van Dyke, was a part-sound film, with music and sound effects only, and featured "Pagan Love Song" on the soundtrack.
Retirement, marriage, and later life.
Janis retired in 1930 and married bandleader Wayne King in 1932. The vice president of the Music Corporation of America, W. H. Stein, was best man. Janis and King were married for 53 years, until King's death in 1985. She lived in Paradise Valley, Arizona from 2004 up until her death on March 10, 2010 at the age of 98. She was survived by her son, Wayne; her daughter, Penny Pape; 6 grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren. She was laid to rest in the All Saints Episcopal Church Cemetery in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="5931279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931279" title="Kirchenlamitz">
Kirchenlamitz

Kirchenlamitz is a town in the district of Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Fichtelgebirge, 13 km northwest of Wunsiedel and 19 km south of Hof.

</doc>
<doc id="5931288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931288" title="The Dark (Metal Church album)">
The Dark (Metal Church album)

The Dark is the second full-length album released by Metal Church. It was released on 6 October 1986 and was the last album featuring the group's classic lineup of David Wayne, Kurdt Vanderhoof, Kirk Arrington, Duke Erickson, and Craig Wells. 1999's "Masterpeace" album reunited the former four, with John Marshall replacing Wells.
Album information.
"The Dark" talks of somber themes, such as assassination, death, struggle, rituals, and the supernatural: the lyrics from "Line of Death", for example, were based on Libyan hostilities in the Gulf of Sidra. "Watch the Children Pray" became the band's first music video. The album was dedicated to the late Metallica bassist Cliff Burton, who died nine days before its release. In order to promote "The Dark", Metal Church supported Metallica and Anthrax on the Damage, Inc. Tour. They also opened for King Diamond.
"Ton of Bricks" appears as the opening track in the Charlie Sheen movie "No Man's Land".
Reception.
Reviews for "The Dark" have been mostly positive. Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia awards the album two-and-a-half stars out of five, and states that it "contained some of the group's best material." In 2005, the album was ranked number 389 in "Rock Hard" magazine's book of "The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time".
"The Dark" entered the "Billboard" 200 chart on January 24, 1987. The album itself peaked at number 92 and remained on the chart for 23 weeks.
Track listing.
All songs written by David Wayne, Kurdt Vanderhoof, and Craig Wells unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5931297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931297" title="Nancy Sweetnam">
Nancy Sweetnam

Nancy Sweetnam (born August 14, 1973 in Lindsay, Ontario) is a former international medley swimmer from Canada, who competed at two consequentive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. There she finished in seventh place in the 200m Individual Medley, and in 13th in the 400m Individual Medley. 
Four years later in Atlanta, Georgia she ended up in eleventh position in the 400m Individual Medley, after winning the silver medal in the same event at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro.
She is a cousin of Canadian pop-rock singer/songwriter Skye Sweetnam.

</doc>
<doc id="5931310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931310" title="Alfredo Ramos">
Alfredo Ramos

Alfredo Ramos de Castilho (October 27, 1924 in Jacareí – July 31, 2012), was a Brazilian footballer in the defense role. He was simply known as Alfredo or Polvo by fans.
In his career as player for Santos (1947–1951), São Paulo (1951–1958 and 1961) and Corinthians (1958–1960), he played 633 games, scoring 3 goals, and won one São Paulo State Championship in 1953. With the Brazilian team, he was in the first team in 10 games and was listed in the roster for the 1954 FIFA World Cup, without playing any games. In the 1970s, he was coach for the São Paulo squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5931328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931328" title="Load Inc.">
Load Inc.

Founded in 2003, Load Inc. is a Paris-based video game development studio specializing in car and arcade games.

</doc>
<doc id="5931331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931331" title="Kitzscher">
Kitzscher

Kitzscher is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. 
Geography.
Kitzscher is situated in the Leipziger Tieflandsbucht, at the perimeter of the Central Saxon Hills. The town is situated 6 km northeast of Borna, and 24 km southeast of Leipzig. A nearby slagheap from open cast mining called the 'Halde Trages' is one of the highest points in the vicinity and the main sight of interest in the locality. 
History.
The village was first mentioned in a charter document in the abbey at Grimma in the year 1251 which referred to a noble family, "Guntherus de Kiczschere", which ultimately died out in 1676 .
The oldest structure in the town is the church the origins of which date back to 1200.

</doc>
<doc id="5931344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931344" title="Revelations – The Initial Journey">
Revelations – The Initial Journey

Revelations – The Initial Journey is a 2002 TV series, produced by Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group in New Zealand. The stories are told through the narrator who is called Jess the Traveller and played by Tom Hern. Each episode contains a story from a different time and place in world history. The show ran for one season and it had 26 half-hour episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="5931350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931350" title="Shape grammar">
Shape grammar

Shape grammars in computation are a specific class of production systems that generate geometric shapes. Typically, shapes are 2- or 3-dimensional, thus shape grammars are a way to study 2- and 3-dimensional languages. The foundation of shape grammars has been defined in a seminal article by George Stiny and James Gips in 1971.
Definition.
A shape grammar consists of "shape rules" and a "generation engine" that selects and processes rules. A shape rule defines how an existing (part of a) shape can be transformed. A shape rule consists of two parts separated by an arrow pointing from left to right. The part left of the arrow is termed the "Left-Hand Side" (LHS). It depicts a condition in terms of a shape and a marker. The part right of the arrow is termed the "Right-Hand Side" (RHS). It depicts how the LHS shape should be transformed and where the marker is positioned. The marker helps to locate and orient the new shape.
A shape grammar minimally consists of three shape rules: a "start rule", at least one transformation rule, and a "termination rule". The start rule is necessary to start the shape generation process. The termination rule is necessary to make the shape generation process stop. The simplest way to stop the process is by a shape rule that removes the marker. Shape grammars differ from Chomsky grammars a major respect: the production rules may be applied serially (as with Chomsky grammars) or in parallel (not allowed in Chomsky grammars), similar to the way "productions" are done in L-Systems.
A shape grammar system additionally has a working area where the created geometry is displayed. The generation engine checks the existing geometry, often referred to as "Current Working Shape" (CWS), for conditions that match the LHS of the shape rules. Shape rules with matching LHS are eligible for use. If more than one rule applies, the generation engine has to choose which rule to apply. In the alternative scenario, the engine first chooses one of the grammar rules and then tries to find all matches of the LHS of this rule in the CWS. If there are several matches, the engine can (depending on its configuration/implementation)
Shape grammars are most useful when confined to a small, well-defined generation problem such as housing layouts and structure refinement. Because shape rules typically are defined on small shapes, a shape grammar can quickly contain a lot of rules. The palladian villas shape grammar presented by William Mitchell for example contains 69 rules, that are applied throughout eight stages.
Parametric shape grammars are an extension of shape grammars. The new shape in the RHS of the shape rule is defined by parameters so that it can take into account more of the context of the already existing shapes. This typically affects internal proportions of the new shape so that a greater variety of forms can be created. In this way, attempts are made to make shape grammars respond to structural conditions, for example the width of beams in roof structures which depends on span.
Despite their popularity and applicability in academic circles, shape grammars have not found widespread use in generic Computer Aided Design applications.
Applications.
Shape grammars were originally presented for painting and sculpture but have been studied in particular in architecture (computer-aided architectural design), as they provide a formalism to create new designs. Other important domains shape grammars have been applied in are decorative arts, industrial design and engineering.
Software Prototypes.
This is a list of software prototypes that are available on the web (several of them are strictly speaking rather set grammar systems):

</doc>
<doc id="5931351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931351" title="Goan Catholics">
Goan Catholics

The Goan Catholics () are an ethno-religious community of Roman Catholics and their descendants from the state of Goa, located on the west coast of India. They are Konkani people and speak the Konkani language. Portuguese seafarers arrived in Goa in 1510, and Catholic missionary activities soon followed, as Pope Nicholas V had enacted the Papal bull "Romanus Pontifex" in 1455, which granted the patronage of the propagation of the Christian faith in Asia.
The Edict of the Goa Inquisition and the Portuguese–Maratha wars are notable events in their history which led to the migration of many Goan Catholics to neighbouring regions. After the Goans converted to Christianity, their new religion came to be superimposed on their ancestral Hindu customs, beliefs, and caste system. Their Feni, a native liquor, and various contributions to music and literature are well-known.
The culture of the Goan Catholics is a blend of Indo-Hindu and Luso-Christian cultures. The notion of Goan identity—initially closely linked with Portuguese culture—was forged after the integration of Goa into the Indian Union in 1961. Contemporary Goan Catholic culture can be best described as an increasingly Anglicised Indo-Latin culture. The Goan Catholic diaspora is concentrated in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf, the Lusosphere, and English-speaking countries such as Great Britain and Canada.
Ethnic identity.
The Roman Catholics who originate from the state of Goa, a region on the west coast of India, and their descendants are generally referred as Goan Catholics. After the Portuguese possession of Goa in 1510, the Portuguese consolidated their power by imposing their own government and cultural institutions. The Goan Catholics were granted Portuguese citizenship, and were Portuguese citizens thereafter. 
During the late 1800s, there began a large-scale emigration of Goan Catholics to Bombay, in search of employment opportunities. At the time Bombay was governed by the British Empire. Émigrés learned of the existence of another native Roman Catholic community, the better-known East Indian Catholics, who already resided in Bombay. Because the East Indian, Goan, and Mangalorean Catholic communities were converted to Christianity by the Portuguese, the British referred them as "Portuguese Christians." All share the same churches and attend many of the same religious functions.
On 3 February 1951, to avert international criticism, Portugal amended her Constitution to declare Goa as an overseas province of Portugal. After Goa was integrated into the Indian Union in 1961, the Goan Catholics, who had identified themselves with Portugal and Portuguese culture, did not fully integrate with Indian culture. Under Portuguese law, Goans born before 1961—when Portugal's rule over Goa ended—and their children and grandchildren are entitled to Portuguese citizenship. During the first post-Liberation years from Portuguese rule, Goans found it difficult to embrace the term "Indian". They called themselves "Goan" deliberately to distinguish themselves.
History.
Pre-Portuguese era.
It was believed till recently that there was no concrete evidence that Christianity prevailed in Goa before the Portuguese arrived, but it was believed that St. Bartholomew, one of the twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ, brought the Gospel and spread it in Konkan, including Goa, just as St. Thomas had done in Kerala and Tamil Nadu, in Southern India.
However, the work of the historian Jose Cosme Costa, "Apostolic Christianity in Goa and in the West Coast" (Pilar, Goa: Xavierian Publication Society, 2009), which makes a case for the existence of Christianity in Goa before the arrival of the Portuguese. He speaks of Goa as a trading centre with the Middle East and with Rome). He suggests that the Apostle Thomas might have made his way over land from northern India to Kerala. He also examines the evidence of the Apostle Bartholomew having done more or less the same thing. Ch. 6 is dedicated to the examination of Pre-Portuguese references to Christianity in Goa. Ch. 7 examines the vestiges of Pre-Portuguese Christian Customs in Goa and the Konkan. Ch. 8 concludes the book with the "latest archaeological discovery": a "Thomas Cross" hidden in a smallish monument, surmounted by a Latin Cross, near the old Goa harbour. The Thomas Cross bears an inscription in Pahlavi, which, Costa reports, was the liturgical language of the church associated with the Metropolitan of Fars. Costa also suggests that the 'Betal' worshipped quite commonly in Goa is a corruption of 'Bartholomew'. Fr H.O. Mascarenhas, reports Costa, even proposed that there were Christian temples dedicated to the persons of the Trinity: Abanath / Bhutnath (Father Lord), Ravalnath (from Rabboni – Rabulna – Rabulnath) / Bhai rav (Brother Lord), and Atman / Bhavka Devta, Santeri, Ajadevi (Spirit). What then happened to this early Christianity, if it did exist? Costa proposes that the Portuguese destroyed the vestiges and forcibly assimilated these Christians to their own form of Christianity. Those who resisted were among those who fled Goa, he says. It could also be when the zealous Bahmani Muslim empire ruled over Goa.
Portuguese era.
The Portuguese came to India with the ambition of creating an empire and propagating Christianity. The Portuguese missionaries who accompanied the conquerors were the Franciscans, Jesuits, Dominicans, and Augustinians. The Portuguese first reached the west coast of India when Vasco da Gama landed at Calicut in 1498. On 25 November 1510 Afonso de Albuquerque conquered Goa from the Sultan of Bijapur and made it their headquarters since 1530. By 1544 the Portuguese conquered the districts of Bardez, Tiswadi, and Salcette. Around the same time Pope Nicholas V enacted the Papal bull "Romanus Pontifex". This bull granted the patronage ("Padroado") of the propagation of the Christian faith in Asia to the Portuguese and rewarded them a trade monopoly in newly discovered areas. Trade was initiated shortly after Vasco da Gama arrived in India in 1498, but the Portuguese were initially not interested in converting the locals. After four decades, the Catholic Church threatened to open Asia to all Catholics.
In 1534 the Diocese of Goa was created from the Diocese of Funchal to serve as a common diocese for the western coast of India, including Goa and the area in and around Bombay. Missionaries of the newly founded Society of Jesus were sent to Goa; the Portuguese colonial government supported the Catholic mission with incentives for baptised Christians. They offered rice donations for the poor, good positions in the Portuguese colonies for the middle class, and military support for local rulers. Many Indians were converted opportunistic "Rice Christians" who continued to practise their old religion. The Portuguese, in their efforts to keep Christian purity, insisted the converts should avoid anything Hindu. Portuguese rulers insisted the natives should adopt foreign food habits and dress. They also gave European names to the natives. But Konkani Christians wanted to preserve their language, culture and manners. At the same time the Portuguese colonizers in Goa imposed excessive taxes on the native Christians. The taxes were so huge that in 1642 some native Goans sent a memorandum to Lisbon, the capital of Portugal.
In 1542 St. Francis Xavier of the Society of Jesus arrived in Goa and noticed the newly converted Christians were practising their old (often pagan) customs and traditions.
The Portuguese built various churches; the most notable are Basilica of Bom Jesus ("Basílica of Child Jesus") built during the sixteenth century—a UNESCO World Heritage Site dedicated to the Infant Jesus—and the Se Cathedral, the largest church in Asia dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria, the construction of which was started in 1562 during the reign of King Dom Sebastião and completed in 1619. It was consecrated in 1640. The Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception Church ("Nossa Senhora da Imaculada Conceição Igreja") was built in 1540. The Church and Convent of St. Francis of Assisi ("Igreja e Convento de São Francisco de Assis"), Church of Lady of Rosary ("Igreja da Senhora do Rosário"), Church of St. Augustine ("Igreja de Santo Agostinho"), and St. Michael's Church, Anjuna ("Igreja São Miguel em Anjuna"), built in 1613, were also erected during the Portuguese reign.
Modern era.
In 1787, inspired by the French Revolution, several Goan Catholic priests, unhappy with the process of promotion within the Church and other discriminatory practices of the Portuguese, organised the Pinto Revolt against the Portuguese. This unsuccessful action was the first open revolt against the Portuguese from within Goa. Britain gained control of Goa twice, the first time in 1797–1798 and the second time from 1802–1813. In 1843 the capital was moved to Panjim and by the mid 18th century the area under occupation by the Portuguese expanded to Goa's present-day limits.
In 1900 there were 262,648 Goan Catholics in Goa and 200,144 Hindus.
By 1921 it was estimated that 200,000 out of 670,000 Goans, mostly Christian, resided outside Goa.
On 1 May 1928 the Diocese of Goa was renamed and was promoted to the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Goa and Daman ("Goa e Damão"). While this status changed in 1976, in 2006 it became the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Goa and Daman once more.
By this time the Portuguese Empire had started declining and further resistance to their occupation in Goa started gaining momentum. When the rest of India gained independence in 1947, Portugal refused to relinquish control of Goa. On 18 December 1961 India moved in with troops and after hostilities that lasted 36 hours the Portuguese administration was forced to surrender. On 30 May 1987 Goa was elevated as India's 25th state.
By 1960 Goan Catholics accounted for (36 percent) of the total population in Goa. During the early 20th century, they started migrating to other parts of India, especially to Bombay and Bangalore in the 1920s and 1930s. They also started migrating to Portuguese territories, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Today, Goan Catholics form 30 percent of Goa's total population. During the 1970s coastal communication increased between Bombay and Goa, after introduction of ships by the London-based trade firm Shepherd. These ships facilitated the entry of Goan Catholics to Bombay.
Geographical distribution.
According to the 2001 census there were around 359,568 Christians in Goa, and most of them are Roman Catholics following the Latin Rite. Many Goan Catholics live in Mumbai and Bangalore. In the 1960s there were around 100,000 Goan Catholics in Bombay, of which 90,000 were in urban Bombay, and 10,000 in suburban Bombay. Other regions of India which have a small proportion of Goan Catholics are Delhi, Calcutta, Madras, Pune, Hyderabad, Nagpur, Nasik, and Ranchi.
Goan Catholics are also found abroad, either as Non-resident Indian and Person of Indian Origin (NRIs) or as official citizens of the new nation, with some people born abroad. They are found in Arab states of the Persian Gulf in the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, and Kuwait. Some have migrated to the Anglospheric world, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. In 1954 there were around 1,000,000 Goan Catholics in India and 1,800,000 Goan Catholics outside Goa. Before the First Gulf War (1990–1991) there were probably around 150,000 Goans outside India. There are 100,000 Goan Catholics in Portugal. A large number are found in Karachi, Pakistan. Recent emigrants are found in Germany and Austria.
In 1999 the Goan Overseas Association, the Canorient Christian Association, and other Goan associations estimated that there were around 23,000 Goan Catholics in Canada, out of which 13,000 were in Ontario. During 1954 it was estimated that there were 20,000 Goan Catholics in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf, while 30,000 were living in Pakistan, out of which 10,000 were settled in Karachi. In 1931 it was estimated that there were around 1,772 Goan Catholics in Tanganyika and 700 in Dar es Salaam, both locations in Tanzania. In Uganda during 1931, there were around 1,124 Goan Catholics, out of which 500 were settled in its capital of Kampala. Prior to the 1960s it was estimated that there were around 5,000 Goan Catholics in Nairobi, Kenya. By the 20th century there were around 6,000 Goan Catholics in London, while in 2001, 9,000 were present in Swindon, United Kingdom.
Culture.
Architecture and cuisine.
Houses influenced by Indian architecture were inward-looking with small windows and roofed with Mangalore tile. Houses were constructed with walls of wooden planks, mud, laterite brick, or stone. Most of these houses were rebuilt or refurbished from the mid-18th to the 20th century, and replaced by buildings with a mix of neo-Classic and neo-Gothic styles. Contemporary urban and rural housing shows a variety of laterite brick structures and Mangalore tile-roofed houses with steeply sloped roofs. Somitimes the walls are made of wooden planks, mud, or brick and stone. Inside the house a spacious hall is present, while outside there is a large porch in front. A plinth that indicates the owner of the house is present in front of the house. Courtyards are present in front of the houses, consisting of a grotto of the Blessed Virgin Mary and a Holy Cross made of hard laterite clay.
Coconut, coconut oil, and curry leaves are common ingredients in most curries. Sorpotel—meat cooked in a spicy sauce—is one of the most popular dishes of the Goan Catholic community. Other popular pork preparations include "Xacuti", "Chouriço" (pork sausages), "Vindaloo", "Pork Indad", and "Assado de Leitoã" (roasted pork). Canja de galinha and Chicken Cafreal are well-known chicken dishes. "Patoleo" is a dish of saffron leaves stuffed with rice, dal, jaggery, coconut, and cardamon. Fish curry and rice form the staple diet of Goan Catholics. Par-boiled rice, also known as red rice ("Ukdem" in Konkani), is the traditional rice eaten and preferred over raw rice. "Kuswar" are sweet delicacies prepared during Christmas and includes around 22 varieties of sweets. Feni, a country liquor made from cashew apples, is a popular alcoholic beverage.
Names and surnames.
Bilingual names, having variants in both Konkani and English, like "Mingel" (Michael) and "Magdu" (Magdalene) are common among Goan Catholics. Portuguese surnames like D'Souza, Rodrigues,Fernandes and Pinto, are common among Goan Catholics. Goan Catholics use the native language Konkani forms of their surnames in Konkani-language contexts, along with their English forms in English-language contexts, such as "Soz", "Rudrig", and "Pint" instead of Sousa, Rodrigues, and Pinto. Some families use their original Konkani Brahmin surnames such as Prabhu, Kamat, Naik, Shet, and Shenoy.
Language and literature.
Goan Catholics speak the Konkani language, which is central to the community's identity. Konkani is an Indo-Aryan language belonging to the Indo-European family of languages, which is spoken predominantly on the west coast of India. According to linguists this dialect is largely derived from Maharashtri Prakrit and is similar to Bengali in terms of pronunciation. This dialect has a significant infusion of Marathi and Kannada loanwords. The "Ethnologue" identifies this dialect as the "Goanese" dialect. Portuguese influence can be seen in the dialect's lexicon and syntax. 1,800 Portuguese lexical items are found in the Goan Catholic dialect. The syntactic patterns adopted from Portuguese include mostly word order patterns, such as the placement of the direct and the indirect object and of the adverb after the verb, the placement of the predicate noun after the copula, and the placement of the relative or reduced relative clause after the head noun. There are, however, some transformations as well among these patterns. Such syntactic modification is most evident in this particular dialect. It is observed only in the written word and in formal speech such as sermons. In recent times, more and more periodicals have abandoned the Portuguese syntactic patterns. The dialect is significantly different from the dialect spoken by the Hindu Goans not only with respect to Portuguese influence, but also with respect to grammatical and lexical characteristics.
The origin of their literature dates to 1563, when the first Konkani grammar was published by Fr. Andre Vaz at St. Paulo College at Old Goa. In 1567 the first "Konkani-Portuguese dictionary" was published by missionary priests at Rachol, Goa. In 1622 Thomas Stephens, an English Jesuit, published "Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim" (Christian Doctrines in the Canarese Brahmin Language), which was the first book in Konkani and any Indian language. On 22 December 1821 the first periodical, "Gazeta de Goa" (Goa Gazeteer), edited by Antonio Jose de Lima Leitao, was published. On 22 January 1900 the first Portuguese newspaper, "O Heraldo", was started by Prof. Messias Gomes. It was transformed into an English daily in 1987. Periodicals such as "Amcho Ganv" (1930) by Luis de Menezes, "Vauraddeancho Ixxt" (1933), a weekly by Fr. Arcencio Fernandes and Fr. Gracianco Moraes, "Aitarachem Vachop", a Konkani weekly run by the Salesians, and "Gulab" by Fr. Freddy J. da Costa were published in Goa. Konkani-Portuguese perodials such as "O Concani", a weekly by Sebastiāo Jesus Dias, "Sanjechem Noketr" (The Evening Star) (1907) by B.F. Cabral, "O Goano" (1907) by Honarato Furtado and Francis Futardo, and "Ave Maria" (1919) edited by Antonio D'Cruz were published in Bombay. In February 1899 "Udentenchem Sallok" (Lotus of the East) by Eduardo J. Bruno de Souza, the first Konkani periodical, was published as a fortnightly in Poona. The first Konkani book in the Devanagri script, "Kristanv Doton ani Katisism" by Dr. George Octaviano Pires, was published in Sholapore in 1894. Fr. Ludovico Pereria's monthly "Dor Mhoineachi Rotti" (Monthly Bread) was published in Karachi in 1915. In 1911 the first Konkani novel, "Kristanv Ghorabo" (Christian Home), was published. Modern literature is diverse and includes themes such as historical awakening in Lambert Mascarenhas' "Sorrowing Lies My Land", feminism in Maria Aurora Couto's "Goa: A Daughters' Story", and fantasy in Nandita da Cunha's "The Magic of Maya". On 4 June 2006 the Archdiocese of Goa and Daman released the first Konkani Bible in Roman script.
Traditions and festivals.
Goan Catholics have retained many Indian customs and traditions. "Ros" (anointing) ceremony, and conducted one or two days before a wedding, involves the parents, relatives, and friends blessing the bride and groom, who are anointed with "ros", a mixture of coconut juice and coconut oil. Later, it is followed by the "Resper" (Nuptial Blessing in Church) and finally the "Kazar" (wedding) and "Vor" (wedding party). The women at a Goan Catholic wedding generally wear gowns or dresses while the men (including the bridegroom) are attired in western-style suits. Contemporary Goan Catholics typically have a White wedding, with the bride wearing a western-style virgin-white wedding gown. The bridal entourage usually consists of the maid of honour, bridesmaids, best man, groomsmen, ringbearer boys, and flower girls. Ballroom dancing and live western-style band music are an integral part of a Goan Catholic wedding reception. Other traditions include "Soirik" (betrothal), "Amontron" (wedding invitation), and "Mudi" (engagement) ceremony. Indian traditions include adorning the bride with the "Saddo" (red dress or sari), which is to be worn on the first day after the marriage. It is also the name of the ceremony of cutting and sewing the dress. The "Chuddo" (a ceremony during which bangles are worn by the bride), "Bhuim jevonn" (a ritual meal in honour of the ancestors) or "Bikariam jevonn" (a meal for the poor or beggars), the "Opsun divnchem" (giving away the bride formally by the father or the guardian of the bride), the "Appoune" or "Porthopon"' (invitation to the bride's house), and "Konsachem fest" (harvest festival) that involves blessing of new harvests are other Goan Catholic celebrations.
In addition to common Christian festivals like Christmas, Good Friday, and Easter, the community celebrates many other festivals of religious and historical significance. The "Zagor" (nocturnal vigil in Konkani), mainly celebrated in Siolim, in Bardez taluka, is a festival highlighted by dance, drama and music. The Feast of Saint Francis Xavier, one of the major festivals of the Goan Catholics, is celebrated on 3 December annually to honour the saint's death. "Monti" or "Moti Fest", which commemorates the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary, is a major festivals celebrated on 8 September, especially in Chinchinim, Goa. The festival derives its name from the Monte Mariano Church at Farangipet in South Canara, and was initiated by Joachim Miranda, a Goan Catholic missionary priest at Farangipet in 1763. He later introduced the festival in Goa. "Milagres Saibin" is the feast of Our Lady of Miracles, celebrated at the Mapusa, Goa. The Goa Carnival is another major festival in Goa, highlighted with color, songs and music.
Costumes and ornaments.
In the past, Goan Catholic women wore a "hol", a white sheet over their saris, while going to Church.
In the early period of Portuguese rule, Goan Catholic women were married in whites saris ("hol") and changed into a red dress or sari, known as "saddo", at home. Women of the upper strata wore the "Fota-Kimao" after the Church ceremony. "Fota" was a blouse made of red velvet and satin with a black border and embroidered with gold thread. Accessories used along with the "fota" included a variety of jewellery worn on the head, ears, neck, and arms. The "fator" was an ornament that consisted of a green stone between two corals held by double chains. Together with the "fator", women wore a set of five intricate chains known as "contti", and other chains. Women wore bangles known as "nille" with matching "carap" on their ears. They also wore few small chains from the ear to the head, combs made of gold ("dantoni"), silver, or tortoise shell, and rings on every finger. During the later period of Portuguese rule, women got married in Western clothes. The "Cordao" (wedding necklace) was a necklace of with two black-beaded chains reminiscent to the Hindu "Mangalsutra", interspersed with roughly twenty gold coins, which formed a gold pendant, often in the shape of Jesus or the cross. A widow had to wear black clothes for the rest of her life and was not allowed to wear ornaments.
Historical society.
Goan Catholics retained the same caste system which their ancestors had followed. A village in Goa was known as "Ganv", its freeholder was the Ganvkar, and Ganvkari included the Ganvkars' village associations and co-operatives. Village communities were known as "Ganvponn", which the Portuguese referred to as Comunidades.
The community was divided into five castes: Bamonns, Chardos, Sudirs, Gauddos, Mahars, and Chamars.
The Bamonns (the Konkani word for Brahmins) were originally members of the priestly caste, and had taken up various occupations like agriculture, trade, commerce, and goldsmithy. Several sub-castes, such as the Goud Saraswat Brahmins, the Padyes, the Daivadnyas, the goldsmiths and some merchants, were lumped into the Christian caste of Bamonn.
The Chardos (the Konkani word for Kshatriyas) were converts from the Kshatriya (military/ royal class) caste, and included a few members from the Vaishya caste (merchant class). Those Vaishyas who were not incorporated into the Chardo caste were called Gauddos, and formed the fourth group. The artisan converts formed the third-biggest group and were known as Sudirs (labour class). The Dalits or "Untouchables" who converted to Christianity became Mahars and Chamars, who formed the fifth group. They were later merged to the Sudirs. The Christian converts of the aboriginal stock known as Gavddis were termed Kunbi. Although they still obeserve the caste system, they consider it the unhappiest heritage of their pre-Christian past.
After conversion, the most preferable occupation of Goan Catholic men was that of working on a ship, while others served as officers to the Portuguese, became doctors, architects, lawyers, or businessmen. Agriculture was mainly done by orthodox women, since they were skilled farmers, while orthodox men practised carpentry, constructing Churches and other structures for the Portuguese. In the late seventeenth century, many women had received education and became employed as teachers or factory workers. Other crafts and industries were nonexistent. The mass was celebrated in Latin; the Homily was delivered to the congregation in Konkani.
Performing arts.
On 24 April 1950, "Mogacho Aunddo" (Desire of Love), the first Konkani film by Al Jerry Braganza, was released at Mapusa, Goa. Frank Fernandes, whose stage name was Frank Fernand (1919–2007; born in Curchorem, Goa), was a renowned film maker and musician and is remembered for his movies like "Amchem Noxib" (Our Luck) in 1963 and "Nirmonn" (Destiny) in 1966. Other films produced in Goa include "Bhunyarantlo Monis" (Cave Man) and "Padri" (Priest). Remo Fernandes, a singer and musician, was the first person to introduce fusion music in India.
The Konkani hymn "Asli Mata Dukhest", which was translated into Konkani from the Latin hymn "Stabat Mater", is sung during Lent. Jocachim Miranda, a Goan Catholic priest, composed "Riglo Jezu Molliant" (Jesus entered the Garden of Gethsemene) during his Canara mission. "Diptivonti, Sulokinni", an eighteenth-century Konkani hymn, was performed at a concert held in the Holy Spirit Church, Margao, Goa. Other hymns composed by Goan Catholics include Dona Barrete's "Papeanchi Saratinni" (Sinners Repent), Carlos Jrindade Dias' "Sam Jose Bogta Bagvionta", and Fr. Pascal Baylon Dias' "San Francisco Xaveria". Konkani pop music became popular after Indian Independence. Chris Perry and Lorna Cordeiro are known for the "Bebdo" (Drunkard) in 1976 and "Pisso" (Mad) in the 1970s, while Frank Fernand's Konkani ballad "Claudia" from 1966 is popular.
The Mando, a contemporary form of dance music, evolved in Salcette in the first half of the nineteenth century out of wedding music, specifically the "Ovi". The songs in this style are serene and sedate, generally a monologue in the Bramhin Konkani dialects of the South Goan villages of Loutolim, Raia, Curtorim, and Benaulim. They are traditionally sung during the "Shim" (bridal departure) ceremony. Early composers of the "Mando" were Ligorio de Costa of Courtarim (1851–1919) and Carlos Trindade Dias. Deknni is a semi-classical dance form. One woman starts the dance and is later accompanied by other dancers. The Mussoll (pestle dance), believed to be first performed by the Kshatriyas of Chandor, commemorates the victory of King Harihara II (son of King Bukka I of the Vijaynagar Empire) over the Chola Empire at Chandrapur fortification in the fourteenth century. Other dances are the Portuguese Corridinho and Marcha. Dulpod is dance music with a quick rhythm and themes from everyday Goan life. Fell is a music genre performed by men and women during the Goa Carnival. Other dances performed at the Goan Carnival are Fulwali, Nistekaram, Vauradi, and Kunbi. The Ghumot is a musical instrument played, especially during weddings, and is used while performing a Mando. The instrument has the form of an earthen pot that is open at both sides. One end is covered with the skin of some wild animal, and the other is left open.
Konkani Plays, known as Tiatr, a form of classic stage performance with live singing and acting, were written and staged in Goa. The form evolved in the 20th century with pioneer tiatrists such as Jao Agostinho Fernandes (1871–1941). Tiatr's themes include melodramas about family and domestic life, with each lyricist offering his own explanation for life's varied problems. Tiatrists include Prince Jacob and Roseferns, and in the past M. Boyer, C. Alvares, and Alfred Rose. On 17 April 1982 the first tiatr "Italian Bhurgo" by Lucasinho Ribeiro was staged in Mumbai. In 2007, the Government of Goa started the Tiatr Academy to facilitate the development of the Tiart. The tradition Of "Voviyo", ancient folk songs that were sung by women during a "Ros", began prior to 1510 A.D. The tradition had to be discarded due to Portuguese prosecution, and the songs now live in the form of archives. The few which still prevail are recited to this day at weddings, expressing lofty sentiments that give vent to the feelings of the people about the marriage partners and their families and invoke the blessing of God on them like machlies.
Goan Catholics have also played an important role in Bollywood music. (See Goans in Hindi film music composition)
Organisations.
"Goenkaranchi Ekvot" is a registered organisation of Goan Catholics residing in Delhi. In Bangalore, associations such as the Karnataka Goan Association serve the community. The Kuwait Konknni Kendr is a well-known Goan Catholic organisation in Kuwait. The Goan Overseas Association in Toronto, Indian Catholic Association of Central Texas, the Indo-Pakistani Christian Association, and the Canorient Christian Association are popular organisations in North America. In the United Kingdom, Goan Voice UK, the Young London Goan Society (YLGS), Goan Community Association, and Siolim Association, based in London, are popular organisations. In the Middle East, the Goan Community of Oman is well known.
In popular culture.
Goan Catholics have been a part of many Bollywood (Hindi cinema) films owing to their musical skills. They are seen in many films playing Goan Catholic families and speak Hindi with a Goan accent.

</doc>
<doc id="5931367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931367" title="İzmir Alsancak Stadium">
İzmir Alsancak Stadium

Altay Alsancak Stadium, () is a multi-purpose stadium in İzmir, Turkey. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 15,358 and was built in 1929. It is partially owned by Altay SK.

</doc>
<doc id="5931368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931368" title="277 (number)">
277 (number)

277 (read as two hundred and seventy-seven) is the natural number following 276 and preceding 278.
Mathematical properties.
277 is the 59th prime number, and is a regular prime.
It is the smallest prime "p" such that the sum of the inverses of the primes up to "p" is greater than two.
Since 59 is itself prime, 277 is a super-prime. 59 is also a super-prime (it is the 17th prime), as is 17 (the 7th prime). However, 7 is the fourth prime number, and 4 is not prime. Thus, 277 is a super-super-super-prime but not a super-super-super-super-prime. It is the largest prime factor of the Euclid number 510511 = 2 × 3 × 5 × 7 × 11 × 13 × 17 + 1.
As a member of the lazy caterer's sequence, 277 counts the maximum number of pieces obtained by slicing a pancake with 23 straight cuts.
277 is also a Perrin number, and as such counts the number of maximal independent sets in an icosagon. There are 277 ways to tile a 3 × 8 rectangle with integer-sided squares, and 277 degree-7 monic polynomials with integer coefficients and all roots in the unit disk.
On an infinite chessboard, there are 277 squares that a knight can reach from a given starting position in exactly six moves.
277 appears as the numerator of the fifth term of the Taylor series for the secant function:
Since no number added to the sum of its digits generates 277, it is a self number. The next prime self number is not reached until 367.

</doc>
<doc id="5931375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931375" title="Gonnosfanadiga">
Gonnosfanadiga

Gonnosfanadiga, Gonnos-Fanàdiga in sardinian language, is a town and "comune" on the island of Sardinia, in the province of Medio Campidano, Italy. It is located between Medio Campidano plain to the northeast and the Monte Linas massif to the southwest. 
The economy is mostly based on agriculture (olives, olive oil, bread, sweets, pig meat) and animal husbandry. The territory is home to two giants' graves.
Geography.
Its territory extends in similar proportions between the plain of Medio Campidano to the northeast, the hills around the town and the massif of Monte Linas to the southwest. It also includes a village in the territory of Guspini: Pardu Atzei.
The plain type is volcanic-alluvial wetlands in the winter season, while the hills and mountains, rich in mineral deposits, have a variable composition with a predominance of granite, schist, and generally with a high rate of rock and limited depth of active layer; the highest point is Punta de sa Perda Mesa at .
The town is situated on the slopes of the mountains and is crossed by the Rio Piras, river with torrential character.
History.
The area results to be inhabited since prehistoric times, studies date back to the early Neolithic attend certain, that occurred between the sixth and fourth millennium BC in the territory of the Terr'e Seddari, but can not be ruled earlier settlements resulting from the good position and wealth of resources.
There are also relevant evidence that include remains of the nuragic period, Nuraghes and giants' graves, one of which, that of S. Cosimo (brought to light by excavations in the early 1980s), is among the largest in Sardinia.
There is no certain claims of the Phoenician, but the area is both close to the sea, from which came the skilled sailors in the Middle East, both at Nabui (S. Maria Neapolis in the territory of Guspini) where they founded a colony, and other areas frequented by the Phoenicians certainly like Antas in the territory of Fluminimaggiore.
About two centuries before Christ, the Romans arrived in Sardinia and also the territory of Gonnosfanadiga is rich in witnesses ranging from numerous finds of coins, ornaments and weapons, to the identification of the remains of fortifications, encampments, graves and four cemeteries 
Around the sixth century AD, coinciding with the arrival of the Byzantine in the island, began the work of evangelization of the Greek monks, as evidenced by the names of many places, and the remains of numerous places of worship, some of them almost totally disappeared, and one of which remains a fine example: the rural church of S. Severa.
In medieval times is demonstrated the existence of various villages in the territory of Gonnosfanadiga: Bidda Atzei (or Zei), Gonnos Fanadiga, Gonnos de Montangia, Aqua de Gonnos, as centers that paid tithes to the Church in the years between 1341 and 1359. The list is not complete, however, being still inhabited at that time the center of Serru. Gonnosfanadiga, or rather its territory, was part of the Judges of Arborea, including in the administrative area of Bonorzuli and in the district of the diocese of Terralba.
About the birth of today's town the news is a little uncertain. Certainly in the modern era it exists with this name as a municipality.
Under Spanish rule in Sardinia (1479-1650 approximately) there are documents that describe the life of the country, which in this period belonged to the Marquis of Quirra.
On 17 February 1943, during the Second World War, the country suffered a heavy bombardment by the Americans against the civilian population. The dramatic event, which has not been noted yet a due justification, with more than a hundred civilians were killed and dozens wounded, maimed and mutilated, left a strong impression on the imagination of gonnesi, a collective shock that continues to disturb the memory.
Monuments and places of interest.
Civil architecture.
Public wells.
The public wells are numerous, well today there are about 50 of them, but many more were in the past. They had a great importance for their primary purpose of water supply for the country and for the significant function as a meeting place of the people of the various districts. Still numerous roads and districts have the name derived from the well that was in the area. Today they have lost both of those functions, water resource and social gathering (although on warm summer evenings it is not uncommon to find groups of neighbors, seated talking and try refreshing), but still for Gonnesi are an important topographical frame of reference and historical memory, in addition to being a source of architectural and touristic interest .
Archaeological sites.
Giants grave of San Cosimo.
The tomb of St. Cosimo I, located in San Cosimo, is also known as Sa Grutta de Santu Giuanni.
The megalithic construction is dated around 1500 BC. The facade is semicircular exedra of , which is the entrance to the burial chamber, which reaches about , making it one of the largest in Sardinia. The area on which it stands the tomb is strongly characterized by the remains of nuragical settlements.
During the archaeological excavations, carried out in 1981, were found numerous items including handmade pottery (bowls and jars) and, unique in the archaeological of Sardinia, 
a necklace made of glass paste and glass. Has also been documented frequentation in Roman times.
The site is easily accessible from the main road that leads from Gonnosfanadiga to Arbus.
Religious architecture.
Church of s. Severa.
Situated on a hill a few hundred meters from the town, dating back to the early Christian period (fourth-fifth century). It stands on the site of an ancient Roman necropolis, it is therefore likely that the devotion to this saint goes back to those early inhabitants of the place. Has undergone successive restorations since 1797.
The monument is a building with a Latin cross plan, with vaulted into fights arches. The nave, , is divided into three mirrors by two pilasters on which are set the arches of the vault, but originally times were extrados with double curve, as can be seen by looking at the side prospectuses and the back. The roof is wooden beams.
To the right and left of the main door are the hinges that held the barriers. Later the Greek monks built the vault. The square space born from the arms of the cross that is delimited arches on which rests a semi-spherical dome of tiles at scales of in circumference
Disappeared church.
The church of "s. Antonio Abate" stood in the medieval village of Gonnos de Montanya, and was the first parochial in the country. It stood on the area of the church of s. Barbara, who replaced her in the role of the parish.
The original structure was a single nave with side chapels preserved today only with a ribbed cross vault on corbels. 
In the area of Serru are still the ruins of the parish church dedicated to s. Peter, long.
There is also another church called" s. Lorenzo": its dimensions are over the apse, which has a length of oriented east. Inside the apse are ashlars, and some side walls have undergone modification.
The church of "s. Elijah" very old, and already decaying in the 700, was active until 1903, collapsed on 13 April 1908. 
In the area there were also other churches: "s. Mary of Montserrat", "s. Maria Itria", "s. Elena", demolished in 1761 by order of General Pope, to prevent who took refuge evildoers. 
Other churches were those of "s. John", "s. Bartholomew", "s. Luke", "s. Anastasia"," s. Simeon", "s. Michele" (of which the outer walls are still visible) and" s. Domenico".
Natural areas.
Park Perd'e Pibara.
The park Perd'e Pibara is located south of Gonnosfanadiga, and for the most part is characterized by a thick and secular forest of oaks accompanied by a typical Mediterranean woodland: filirea, arbutus, cistus, heather.
Other areas of the park, those further south where the pedo-morphological are exacerbate, they see prevail cistus, the everlasting helichrysum, thyme, broom, there is also a large area of mixed reforestation: cork oak, hardwood, pine, oaks.
It is also an ideal environment for the proliferation of several species of mushrooms that make it a popular destination for fans of mycology.
Also the fauna is varied and numerous, boars, foxes, rabbits, goats, hedgehogs, weasels, different diurnal and nocturnal raptors, jays, partridges, small rodents, reptiles, and huge goldfish living in a large deep basin constantly fed by the abundance of spring water.
Inside the park is also a placement of an abandoned molybdenite mine, an interesting example of industrial archeology.
The park is easily accessible and equipped with several rest stops, benches and tables, and some of the mine buildings, now restored, are used for conferences, exhibitions, and events often take place within nature, hiking and sports.
Mining.
At one time, probably from prehistoric times and until the 1970s, mining was one of the main occupations in this area. Industrial exploitation arrived in late 1800 and mid-1900, a technical and professional organization very advanced and very profitable for the entire community. Now the industry has been completely abandoned.
In the municipality of Gonnosfanadiga there are the following disused mines:
Culture.
Events.
Feast of Olives.
"The festival of olives, agribusiness and local crafts" is the appointment better prepared by the citizens of Gonnosfanadiga (that is also part of National association of oil cities) to showcase the most typical productions of the country.
It takes place at the end of November, in the midst of olive oil year fell, and it involves big and small local producers, artisans and traders operating in the peasant sector.
Become a regular destination, since the mid-80s, of numerous intransigent tourists of taste it is now also interested in history, tradition and nature, since to the festival are alongside initiatives that aim to facilitate the knowledge and enjoyment of heritage cultural and territory.
During the event you can attend both the production cycle of extra virgin olive oil to the mill
as for exhibitions, environmental reconstructions and historical paths inherent Gonnosfanadiga and its activities.
Economy.
The economy of Gonnosfanadiga is mainly based on agro-pastoral sector and the processing of agricultural products, animated by small businesses, often family-run.
His productions of excellence are the olive oil and table olive of the cultivar Black of Gonnos (always famous throughout the island and now also beyond its borders as a consequence of the very high quality that distinguishes them from industrial production ), the typical bread and craft confectionery, meat and sausages derived from the common herd of sheep and goats and pigs, honey, and a decent production, although a significant decrease compared to the past, high-quality fruit and vegetables.
Consequently many gonnesi are dedicated also to trade of these products, in particular are several butchers and many activities that trade fruit and vegetables, milk and dairy products.
To recognize a limited flower production, forestry (cork and wood) and textiles.
Many of the residents are employed in the services and industries in the district, because in the country is almost nonexistent industry and underdeveloped the services, although recently there is a growing commitment to the tourism sector, which could make a significant aid to an economy that in general is struggling due to both the high food crisis, the now definitive closure of the mines, once a source of wealth in the country, and the almost definitive failure of the industrial center of Villacidro, where many peoples found employment as laborers or as small business industries.
Finally would deserve more attention crafts, which although widely practiced as a hobby does not pursue large commercial purposes.
Among the various products we notice the working of wood and cork, of pottery, of traditional fabrics, but especially stands out the skill of master knife which for centuries operate in Gonnosfanadiga, whose art of knife often seen her jewelry exhibited and cited internationally.
See also.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5931395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931395" title="Sociology of immigration">
Sociology of immigration

The sociology of immigration involves the sociological analysis of immigration, particularly with respect to race and ethnicity, social structure, and political policy. Important concepts include assimilation, enculturation, marginalization, multiculturalism, postcolonialism, transnationalism and social cohesion.
Transnationalism.
A more contemporary sociological analysis of immigration can be explored within the concept of transnationalism. This analysis is perhaps more concerned with the relational dimensions of immigration, particularly in terms of the ways in which families and relationships are maintained when members migrate to another country. Theorist Zlatko Skrbis argues that within a transnational network of families, the patterns of migration are intertwined with notions of 'emotion' and 'belonging'

</doc>
<doc id="5931404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931404" title="Barker channel">
Barker channel

A barker channel is a form of electronic media known as digital signage. It is a TV channel that is entirely composed of sales promotion and advertising, usually marketing various features of the service carrying the channel. The name is derived from the circus barker, who stood outside a circus and shouted to passers-by to encourage them to enter a circus.
The systems are similar to character generator (CG), incorporate features like motion graphics and have the ability to play video clips controlled by broadcast automation systems. 
There are several barker channels on digital cable systems and especially on direct broadcast satellite systems like DirecTV. On interactive TV systems, these also allow for ordering of pay-per-view TV programs or other pay TV services. TV Guide Network before its 2008 purchase by Lionsgate and subsequent conversion into a general entertainment channel functioned essentially as a barker channel with film and program descriptions. During its years as Prevue Guide, it served as a barker channel outright.
Barker channels are normally free-to-view or occasionally free-to-air, even without a subscription. This also indicates success in installation of satellite systems, and particularly in aiming small satellite dishes.
An example of a barker channel is The NBA League Pass Preview Channel, which is used to advertise and promote the NBA League Pass package on digital cable and satellite systems. In a technical form one-sport specialty channel such as NBA TV, NFL Network, NHL Network and MLB Network could be considered barkers which may push devoted viewers into ordering those leagues' respective pay-per-view packages to watch complete games.

</doc>
<doc id="5931407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931407" title="On Nature's Trail">
On Nature's Trail

"On Nature's Trail" was a television show produced by the Maryland Center for Public Broadcasting in Owings Mills, Maryland in 1978. The show featured Elmer and Jean Worthley observing and discussing plants growing at different locations in Baltimore County, Maryland. Observations were made at the same locations during the Spring, Summer and Fall.
A pamphlet titled "On Natures Trail" was designed and illustrated by Stephen Doyle (A Program Service of the Maryland Center for Public Broadcasting, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117). Sketches of some of the plants seen on these weekly walks are included in this booklet, and the following information comes from this publication.

</doc>
<doc id="5931416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931416" title="Lanusei">
Lanusei

Lanusei ( [http://www.comunedilanusei.it/og/index.php?option=com_docman&task=doc_download&gid=351&Itemid=205]) is a town and "comune" in Sardinia, co-capital of the Province of Ogliastra with Tortolì. 

</doc>
<doc id="5931427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931427" title="Angelus/Z! Z! Z! (Zip! Zap! Zipangu!)">
Angelus/Z! Z! Z! (Zip! Zap! Zipangu!)

"Angelus" is the sixteenth single from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani, and features the b-side "Z! Z! Z! (Zip! Zap! Zipangu!)". Both songs are featured on her 2004 album, Tsuioku+Love Letter. This was the third and final single released to promote the album. It peaked at #8 on the Oricon charts and went on to sell around 53,000 copies.
"Angelus" is an upbeat dance song with Latin elements - such as squealing horns - while "Z!Z!Z!-Zip!Zap!Zipangu!-" is a bouncy dance/pop song. "Angelus" was also used as the opening theme for the sixth season of the anime InuYasha. It was also featured on the video game series Dance Dance Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="5931429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931429" title="Johan Blomqvist">
Johan Blomqvist

Johan Blomqvist (born March 6, 1973 in Nässjö, Sweden) has been the bass guitarist for Swedish punk rock band Backyard Babies since 1987.
Johan Blomqvist also played as a guest bass guitarist when the Swedish rock-group Kent performed the white concert at Stockholms Stadion in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5931431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931431" title="Amsterdam Compiler Kit">
Amsterdam Compiler Kit

The Amsterdam Compiler Kit (ACK) is a fast, lightweight and retargetable compiler suite and toolchain written by Andrew Tanenbaum and Ceriel Jacobs, and is MINIX's native toolchain. The ACK was originally closed-source software (that allowed binaries to be distributed for MINIX as a special case), but in April 2003 it was released under an open source BSD license. It has frontends for programming languages C, Pascal, Modula-2, Occam, and BASIC.
The ACK's notability stems from the fact that in the early 1980s it was one of the first portable compilation systems designed to support multiple source languages and target platforms. 
The ACK achieves maximum portability by using an intermediate language using bytecode, called EM. Each language front-end produces EM object files, which are then processed through several generic optimisers before being translated by a back-end into native machine code.
ACK comes with a generic linker and librarian capable of manipulating files in the ACK's own a.out-based format; it will work on files containing EM code as well as native machine code. However, EM code cannot be linked to native machine code without translating the EM binary first.

</doc>
<doc id="5931433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931433" title="Steel Panther">
Steel Panther

Steel Panther is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California, mostly known for their profane and humorous lyrics as well as their exaggerated on-stage personae that reimagine and parody the heavy metal music and lifestyle of the 1980s.
Biography.
Metal Skool.
The quartet began to gain popularity in the Sunset Strip during the early 2000s under the name Metal Shop (soon changed into Metal Skool, then into Steel Panther). Their lineup consists of vocalist Ralph Saenz ("Michael Starr"), drummer Darren Leader ("Stix Zadinia"), bassist Travis Haley ("Lexxi Foxx"), and guitarist Russ Parrish ("Satchel"). The band did weekly shows on Monday nights at the Key Club, playing covers of 1980s hair metal hits while parodying the bands that made the songs famous. Despite the name changes, and some members putting in time in a Van Halen tribute band, they finally managed to gain some success. In 2003 Steel Panther published Hole Patrol, their self-produced debut. The band appeared in a Discover Card advertisement as Danger Kitty and in the sitcom Drew Carey Show as themselves. Also in 2003, their song "Death to All But Metal" was included in a compilation CD called "Hey, That's What I Call Sludge! Vol. 1" put out by the Metal Sludge web site. Their cover of the song "Fantasy" by Aldo Nova was used as the opening musical theme for the MTV program "Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory". On November 27, 2007 Metal Skool played original songs as well as covers of KISS songs at the Gene Simmons roast, they can be seen in the background of Gene Simmons' reality show "Gene Simmons Family Jewels". That year, they also appeared as themselves on "Las Vegas" in the episode "The High Price of Gas".
Steel Panther.
In April 2008 the band decided to change their name from Metal Skool to Steel Panther, making a new debut at The Rockin' Saddle Club in Redlands, California. In an interview with Michael Starr, he states that the band's name wasn't inspired by Steel Dragon, the band with Zakk Wylde and Mark Wahlberg in the movie Rock Star. In May 2008, the band signed a contract with Republic Records (owned by record label Universal Records) announcing plans for a new studio album.
The first single, an updated version of "Death to All but Metal", first appeared on iTunes on 27 January 2009, whereas the album, entitled "Feel the Steel" and produced by Jay Ruston, was published on 9 June, during the same year. A promotional video, directed by actor Dean Cameron, was shot for the song "Fat Girl (Thar She Blows.)"
Sometime collaborator Dean Cameron, also credited with co-writing "Supersonic Sex Machine" on "Balls Out", directed and co-wrote a pilot presentation in an attempt to land Steel Panther their own television program.
On December 6, 2011, Steel Panther announced their second solo UK tour in support of their newest album "Balls Out". Tickets for the shows went on sale on December 9, 2011, with many ticket providers selling out their allocations within a month. This Prompted another headline UK tour taking place in November 2012
Steel Panther played on the main stage at Download Festival in June 2012, during which they were joined on stage by Corey Taylor of Slipknot to play Death to All But Metal. They played in front of a crowd of over 100,000 people.
Steel Panther played the main stage at Download Festival in Castle Donnington, UK on June 15th 2014. They were watched by more than 100,000 people and shared the stage with Alter Bridge & Aerosmith. 
Steel Panther are managed by Satchel's brother, Glenn Parrish.
History.
"Feel the Steel" (2009–2010).
Steel Panther released "Feel the Steel" on June 8, 2009 in the UK and on October 6, 2009 in North America through Universal Republic, making it their major record label debut. "Feel the Steel" debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Comedy chart, No. 123 on the "Billboard" 200 chart and would eventually peak at No. 98 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. The record features hit singles, "Community Property" and "Death to All but Metal" as well as notable guest vocal performances from Corey Taylor, Justin Hawkins, and M. Shadows.
The record's success also caught the attention of the Grammys, making it onto the "Best Comedy Album" ballot in October 2010, yet failing to reach a nomination.
The track "Eyes of a Panther" from "Feel the Steel" is featured on the sound track for the video game "Skate 3".
"Balls Out" (2011–2012).
Steel Panther released their sophomore effort "Balls Out" on October 31, 2011 in the UK and on November 1, 2011 in North America also through Universal Republic. "Balls Out" continued their revival of the 80's heavy metal genre and debuted at No. 1 on the UK iTunes Rock chart surpassing Megadeth's TH1RT3EN and Lou Reed's and Metallica's" Lulu". "Balls Out" also debuted at No. 4 on the US iTunes Rock chart, No. 40 on the Billboard 200 chart and at No. 1 on the Billboard Comedy chart with first-week sales of 12,000 copies in the US.
"British Invasion" (2012).
Steel Panther released their first Live DVD "British Invasion" in September 2012. The DVD was released worldwide on October 22, 2012. The DVD was filmed at Brixton Academy in London and features a two-hour concert/documentary based on the band's sold-out British tour.
Tours.
UK Arena tour with Def Leppard & Mötley Crüe.
Due to their growing popularity, Steel Panther were invited by Def Leppard to join them and co-headliners Mötley Crüe as "Special Guests" on the Mirrorball Tour tour in December 2011.
The Forum with Guns N' Roses.
Exactly one week after ending the UK arena tour in London with Def Leppard and Mötley Crüe, Steel Panther opened for Guns N' Roses at the Forum in Los Angeles, CA on December 21, 2011.
Soundwave/Revolution.
On May 11, 2011 Steel Panther announced that they would be playing the main stage (same stage as Van Halen) at Soundwave Revolution, however, the spin-off festival would be cancelled due to poor ticket sales. In fact, drummer Stix Zadinia was responsible for breaking the story via his Twitter account on August 9: "Soundwave revolution is cancelled. I am bummed." The news shocked Soundwave fans and caused a huge debacle resulting in Steel Panther trending on Twitter and fans accusing Steel Panther as the reason for the cancellation.
Though Steel Panther were disappointed by the news knowing that they wouldn't be sharing the main stage with Van Halen, the Soundwave Revolution cancellation ended up being a blessing in disguise for it allowed the band to finish recording their second major release, "Out".
The band then proceeded to play the 2012 edition of the main festival, sharing a stage with System of a Down, Slipknot, Marilyn Manson and Limp Bizkit.
Australian Tour 2012.
Brazzers sponsored the Australian tour of Steel Panther in early October 2012, which sold out in Brisbane, Sydney (two shows), Melbourne, and Adelaide.
European Tour 2012.
In late 2012, Steel Panther's European tour was crowned a huge success. They played sold out shows, particularly in Germany:
Australian Tour 2013.
Steel Panther toured Australia in December 2013, supported by Buckcherry and Fozzy. Shows were sold out in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth between 6 and 12 December.:
It has been mentioned that the Sydney show was recorded for a DVD for a deluxe release of their next CD, "All You Can Eat". At this time, it's unknown if this will be an Australia-only release.:
European Tour 2014.
In late 2013, Steel Panther announced a new tour in the year 2014. It was titled the "Spreading the Disease (S.T.D.) Tour".

</doc>
<doc id="5931443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931443" title="Cristian Bucchi">
Cristian Bucchi

Cristian Bucchi (born 13 February 1977) is an Italian football manager and former forward. He was best known for his goal-scoring ability in Serie B during the peak of his career.
Club career.
Early career.
Bucchi started his career with the Serie C2 outfit Sambenedettese in 1995 as an 18-year old. He made 28 appearances in his first proper season, although he scored no goals.
The Serie C2 outfit released him at the end of the season, and he took the decision to drop down a few divisions to the amateur regional leagues. From 1996–1998, he enjoyed a fine couple of years where he bagged a brilliant 52 goals in 58 games for Settempeda. The 21-year old's promising talent did not go unnoticed and it showed as Serie A outfit Perugia took a very big gamble in some respects for a non-league striker. Soon after that, in a massive change of fortunes for the young forward, he was called up to the Italy U-21's.
Perugia.
After his big move to Serie A, he started straight away in his first season for the club as Perugia claimed a mid-table place in the 1998–99 season. He contributed with 5 league goals and it was a surprise he adapted so quickly, considering he was playing amateur football little over a year before. His second season did not go so well after quite an impressive first season.
He played the 1999–00 season on loan to Vicenza, and scored 11 league goals, which helped his team lift the Serie B title, although they made a quick return to Serie B after failure to avoid relegation the following season.
He returned in 2000 and was ready to start afresh. Coming back to the club and seeing the likes of Ahn Jung-Hwan & Fabrizio Miccoli ahead of him in pecking order, lead to a very disappointing second season for Bucchi, after scoring just once in 7 matches for Perugia. He was also suspended in the second half of season due to doping but shorten after appeal, made him available for 2001–02 Serie A. He left the club in October after only 3 appearances.
Bucchi scored 9 goals for newly promoted Serie B side Ternana in 2001–02 Serie B, as the newboys stayed up in their first Serie B season of the 21st century.
Catania, Cagliari and Ancona.
In the summer of 2002, he was signed by ambitious newly promoted Serie B Sicilan outfit, Catania. However, things did not work out very well for Bucchi, after finding first-team opportunities hard to come by, with the likes of Czech forward Jaroslav Sedivec, Luis Oliveira & Nassim Mendil all above him in pecking order. He would go on to find the net just twice in thirteen appearances for the Sicilian side. He was allowed to leave in the winter and made the move to Cagliari in the winter of 2002–03. Once again, he would have to wait for his chance, although with the likes of Fabrizio Cammarata, David Suazo and Luigi Beghetto already the first choice strikers, Bucchi would only feature 10 times in his whole Sardinian career, scoring just once.
Bucchi joined Serie A basement boys Ancona in second-half of the 2003–04 season, after a very disappointing half-season in Sardinia, in a part exchange deal which would see Roberto Maltagliati go the opposite way. He scored 5 goals in 12 matches, a very impressive statistic for some-one in his shoes. However once again and not for the first time in his career, his team suffered relegation, as this time round, Ancona set an all-time low in Serie A, amassing just 13 points all season long.
Bucchi signed by Ascoli in a co-ownership deal with Chievo in August 2004, although Ascoli would be the club he would play for.
King of Serie B.
In 2004–05, Bucchi scored 17 goals for Ascoli (incredibly, he scored a 1/3 of the teams Serie B goal total that season, of 51 goals) and just missed one match. He became the club's top goalscorer; just 3 goals short of Serie B topscorer Gionatha Spinesi. His contribution was a key factor in Ascoli's impressive fourth placed finish and a place in the seasons play-offs.
Despite Ascoli's play-off defeat to Torino (A 3–1 loss on aggregate), Ascoli, in bizarre circumstances (only 1 of the 3 original promoted teams went up – Genoa demoted to Serie C1, with their involvement in the Serie B match-fixing scandal that season & Torino had to play Serie B football for the following season, due to financial difficulties), gained promotion to Serie A for the first time in more than a decade.
In the summer of 2005, Ascoli sold their 50% share of Bucchi to Modena.
In 2005–06, Bucchi scored an incredible 29 goals for Modena and in fact, 1 goal shy of contributing exactly half of the team's league goal total (59 goals). Consequently, he became Serie B topscorer that season, just one goal away from levelling Serie B's all-time topscorer, former Italian international striker Luca Toni, bagging 30 goals in 2003–04 for then-champions, Palermo. Bucchi's contribution would vastly help lead Modena to a play-off place, and scored one goal in the away leg against Mantova. Modena in the end lost out to Mantova, although the result on aggregate was 1–1. This meant that both sides' final league position's would come into the equation (Mantova finished higher than Modena in final league table, meaning Mantova would progress to the final).
Napoli and loans.
During the 2006 January transfer window, rumours had linked him to S.L. Benfica. After a year with Modena, he was sold to newly promoted, and ambitious Napoli for €4 million. The complicated deal also included Modena sold Tommaso Chiecchi back to Chievo and signed Bucchi outright.
In Naples, he scored 8 goals in 29 games and the club finished as runner-up to win promotion to Serie A. His striking partner Emanuele Calaiò, scored 18.
A surplus of Napoli in the new season, as Napoli signed Ezequiel Lavezzi and Marcelo Zalayeta, he was moved to Siena on loan in summer 2007.
Bucchi missed Serie A for 3 seasons since played for Ancona in second half of 2003–04 season, but he failed to score any from his 10 appearances for Siena.
In January 2008, he was loaned to Bologna as one of their striker Danilevičius asked to leave for more regular start. He scored five goals during his five-month stay at Bologna, participating in the "rossoblu"'s successful quest for promotion to the Italian top flight.
On July 2008 he agreed to return to Ascoli in another loan deal.
On 10 July 2009 he was loaned to Cesena. He returned to Napoli at the start of 2010–11 season, and played a few games.
On 4 January 2011, he was loaned to Serie B club Pescara and his contract with Napoli was terminated during 2011–12 season in mutual consent.
International career.
For Italy, he has only represented his country at Under-21 level. During his time in the team (1998–1999), he collected 3 U-21 caps, scoring 1 goal.
Coaching career.
Pescara.
Bucchi became the manager of the "Primavera" team of Pescara in 2012. He obtained UEFA A License, the second highest in the category, with the highest score in the class in 2012. In March 2013, Bucchi was promoted as the manager to their first team following the sacking of previous manager Cristiano Bergodi. The team also hired Bruno Nobili as nominal head coach and "de facto" as Bucchi's assistant in order to bypass the bureaucratic ban, as UEFA A License was not qualified to coach Serie A and Serie B level but UEFA Pro License qualified. The club also promoted his assistants in the reserve, Mirko Savini and Ermanno Ciotti to the first team and re-hired Massimo Marini as goalkeeping coach (who left the position along with Giovanni Stroppa).
On 10 March 2013, Bucchi debuted as the "delfini" manager in a 2–1 away loss against Atalanta.

</doc>
<doc id="5931449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931449" title="Hummel International">
Hummel International

Hummel International is a sportswear company based in Denmark. The firm was started in 1923 by the Messmer family in the town of Hamburg, Germany. It currently manufactures apparel for football, futsal, handball, basketball, rugby league, Australian football, shinty and volleyball. The company also produces footwear for football and handball.
The company has manufactured kit for a variety of sports teams and was the official sponsor of the Danish national football team, Hummel International has recently gained international recognition after the Danish national football team played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers for a third time since 1986 (however, Adidas now sponsors Denmark as kit providers) and Cricket South Africa.
Club teams which have worn the Hummel brand include Vejle Boldklub, AGF and AC Horsens from the Danish football leagues, clubs such as RC Strasbourg, St Mirren and Polonia Warsaw from outside Denmark as well as the North Queensland Cowboys of the Australian NRL and shinty clubs Newtonmore and Skye Camanachd.
The Hummel logo is a stylized bumble bee, as "Hummel" is German for "bumble bee".
Sponsorships.
The following teams wear uniforms and apparel manufactured by Hummel:

</doc>
<doc id="5931455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931455" title="Jorge Taiana">
Jorge Taiana

Jorge Enrique Taiana (born May 31, 1950) is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician, formerly Foreign Minister ("canciller") in the administrations of President Néstor Kirchner and his successor, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. His father was Jorge Alberto Taiana, colleague and physician of former President Juan Perón.
Biography.
Education and imprisonment.
Jorge Taiana was born in Buenos Aires as the third and youngest child of Matilde Puebla and Jorge Alberto Taiana. His father was a prominent Argentine surgeon who later served in a number of social policy posts for President Juan Perón, as well as one of his personal physicians. He attended the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires, studied sociology, and was awarded a Master's Degree in Social Sciences at the Latin American Social Science Institute (FLACSO). He was later a researcher at the National University of Quilmes and worked in the field of human rights. Taiana is married to Telefe producer Bernarda Llorente; he has three children, two by a previous marriage.
Taiana was a militant Peronist in the early 1970s and in 1973 re-launched "Descamisado", a populist news weekly thereafter associated with the Montoneros guerilla movement. He worked alongside his father in the Ministry of Education as Head of Cabinet following the return of Peronism to power in 1973, and despite being threatened by the Triple A, he decided to remain in the country. He was imprisoned in 1975 and spent seven years in jail without trial, mostly in a military prison in Rawson.
Political career.
Following his release, Taiana held several academic positions until he was appointed Advisor to the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies (1987–89). He was appointed Undersecretary for Organizations and Special Matters after the elction of fellow Peronist Carlos Menem in 1989, and in 1990 was appointed Undersecretary for Foreign Policy and later Director of International Organizations (1991). Between 1992 and 1995, he was the Argentine Ambassador to Guatemala and concurrently to Belize. After wide regional support to his candidature, he served as Executive Secretary of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the OAS between 1996 and 2001, and then became Secretary for Human Rights of the Government of the Province of Buenos Aires.
President Kirchner appointed Taiana as Minister of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship in December 2005, replacing Rafael Bielsa; Taiana had been Bielsa's Deputy since 2003. As Foreign Minister, Taiana has presided over the United Nations Security Council and to dealt with issues such as the Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute, the paper mill dispute with Uruguay and the accession of Venezuela to Mercosur, among many other matters of Argentine foreign policy. He was confirmed as Foreign Minister by Cristina Fernández de Kirchner on her inaugural on December 10, 2007.
He resigned his post on June 18, 2010, citing "lack of support and differences" with the President. He remained generally supportive of her administration, however, and in September was nominated to head the Front for Victory party list for the Buenos Aires City Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="5931503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931503" title="Zeewijk">
Zeewijk

The Zeewijk (or Zeewyk) was an 18th-century East Indiaman of the Dutch East India Company that was shipwrecked at the Houtman Abrolhos, off the coast of Western Australia, on 9 June 1727. The survivors built a second ship, the Sloepie, enabling 82 out of the initial crew of 208 to reach their initial destination of Batavia on 30 April 1728. Since the 19th century many objects were found near the wreck site, which are now in the Western Australian Museum. The shipwreck itself was found in 1968 by divers.
Background.
The "Zeewijk" was built in 1725 with a tonnage of 140 lasten (275.8 t) and dimensions 145 feet long (41.0 m) by 36 feet wide (10.2 m). It carried 36 iron and bronze guns, and 6 swivel guns. A new ship of the Zeeland Chamber of the VOC, her maiden voyage was from Vlissingen (Netherlands) to Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia) departing in November 1726. Upon departure 208 seamen and soldiers were aboard, as well as a cargo of general building supplies and 315 836 guilders in 10 chests. Jan Steyns from Middelburg was the skipper, in his first command, replacing Jan Bogaard who was too sick to sail.
The VOC required ships to utilise the Brouwer Route to cross from the Cape to Batavia, enjoying the prevailing westerlies by travelling eastwards until turning north. Turning north too late from a miscalculation in the longitude risked being wrecked on the coast or reefs of Australia. However, wishing to call into Western Australia, skipper Jan Steyns ignored The Company's directorate and protests from his steersman and headed ENE.
The disaster.
In darkness at 7:30pm on 9 June 1727 the ship crashed heavily into Half Moon Reef on the western edge of Pelsart Group of the Houtman Abrolhos island group (60 km west of the future site of Geraldton). The impact dislodged the rudder and snapped off the mainmast, but the ship did not break up immediately. The lookout spotted breakers half an hour before the impact but wrote them off as moonlight reflecting off the sea.
Heavy sea conditions saw at least 10 men drown at the first attempt to launch a boat. After one week a long boat was launched. Later, most of the remaining crew was ferried on the long boat to what would be later known as Gun Island; a flat, rocky, 800 by 350 m limestone island located 4 km off the reef. From Gun and surrounding islands, the critical commodity of fresh water was available, as well as vegetables, birds and seals that were combined with the ship's goods to sustain the survivors.
While the "Zeewijk" did not break up immediately and goods, including the treasure chests, were transferred to Gun Island, it was obvious to the crew that the ship could never be floated from its position locked into the reef. A rescue group of 11 of the fittest survivors and First Mate Pieter Langeweg set off for Batavia in the longboat on 10 July, but were never heard of again. In December 1727 two boys were found guilty of having committed sodomy together. They were sentenced to death and marooned (each boy on a separate island).
The "Sloepie".
On 29 October 1727 the ship's log mentions the intentions of the crew to construct a vessel to carry them to Batavia; the "Sloepie". On 7 November, the keel of the "Sloepie" was laid down. Utilising materials from the wrecked "Zeewijk" (including two swivel mounted cannon to protect the treasure from pirates) and local mangrove timber she became a 20 m long by 6 m wide sloop, resembling a North Sea fishing vessel. Constructed in 4 months and launched on 28 February 1728, the "Sloepie" was the first ever European ship built in Australia. On 26 March, 88 men set off on the one month journey to Batavia. Six died on the way, leaving 82 of the initial 208 to arrive in Batavia on 30 April 1728.
Batavia's High Court of Justice prosecuted skipper Jan Steyns for losing the "Zeewijk" and falsifying the ship's records. He lost his position, salary and property to the Company.
Discovery and subsequent excavation.
In 1840 HMS "Beagle" found relics at the camp site, including a VOC cannon and two coins dated 1707 and 1720 which helped to confirm that the site belonged to the "Zeewijk". They named the Zeewyk Channel after the wreck.
In the 1880s and 1890s a large amount of material was recovered during guano mining. Items including bottles, coins, wine glasses, jars, pots, spoons, knives, musket and cannonballs, tobacco and pipes were found. Florance Broadhurst, son of entrepreneur Charles Edward Broadhurst and director of the Broadhurst and McNeil phosphate company, catalogued the finds, initially thinking they were from the VOC ship "Batavia" and ended up donating most to the Western Australian Museum in Perth.
In 1952, during a visit to Geraldton, Lieutenant Commander M.R. Bromell of the Royal Australian Navy learned that rock lobster fisherman Bill Newbold had found a cannon on the sea-bed, and during a subsequent visit, Bromell located a cannon on the leeward side of the Half Moon Reef. After an elephant tusk found two years earlier put him on the trail, in March 1968 journalist and diver Hugh Edwards led divers Max Cramer, Neil McLaghlan and Museum staff Harry Bingham and Dr Colin Jack-Hinton to the seaward side of the reef to find the main wreck site. The Western Australian Museum subsequently conducted several expeditions to survey the site and to recover artefacts, the most notable in 1976 by Catharina Ingleman-Sundberg, who also completed a catalogue of all the finds from the site.

</doc>
<doc id="5931506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931506" title="Jason Jarrett (footballer)">
Jason Jarrett (footballer)

Jason Lee Jarrett (born 14 September 1979) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Salford City in the Northern Premier League Division One North. He made 296 appearances in league and cup competitions in a 13 year career in the Football League.
Jarrett started his career with Blackpool in 1998, the next year he moved on to Wrexham. He spent 2000 to 2002 with Bury, before signing with Wigan Athletic. In 2005 he joined Norwich City, moving on to Preston North End the next year. He spent the first part of 2009 with Brighton & Hove Albion after negotiating a release from his contract at Preston, he spent the later half of 2009 signed with Port Vale. In summer 2010 he signed with Oldham Athletic. He joined FC Halifax Town in July 2012, and moved on to Chester via Airbus in 2013. He moved on to Salford City in 2014.
Playing career.
Jarrett started his career with Blackpool, making his debut in an FA Cup clash with Wigan Athletic on 14 November 1998 at Springfield Park, replacing Barry Shuttleworth late into a 4–3 defeat. He got his first start on 8 December, in a Football League Trophy 2–0 home defeat by Stoke City. He went on to play two league games that season, before joining Wrexham at the end of the season. On 9 October 1999, he played in a 5–1 defeat at Gillingham's Priestfield Stadium. That was his only appearances for the "Dragons".
He was with Bury for the 2000–01 season. He scored his first goal at Vetch Field, on 30 September 2000, scoring the second of a 2–0 win over Swansea City. In total he made 28 appearances that season. He established himself firmly in the first team in 2001–02, playing over forty games. Bury were relegated into the Third Division at the end of the season, but Jarrett avoided this fate, having been sold to Wigan Athletic for £75,000 in March 2002. He played 45 games in 2002–03, as Wigan were promoted from the Second Division as champions, with a massive 100 points. Coping well with First Division football, he made over forty appearances in 2003–04. His team finished two points outside the play-off places.
After recovering from a broken leg, he spent January 2005 with Stoke City. He played three games for the "Potters", including their 2–1 FA Cup defeat to Arsenal. Manager Tony Pulis was eager to have him back at the Britannia Stadium, but nothing came of the talk. The "Latics" finished second in 2004–05 and were promoted to the Premier League, though Jarrett only made fourteen appearances. Leaving the JJB Stadium after his contract was up, he rejected a new three-year deal with the Premier League club and instead chose to look for first team football elsewhere, signing for Nigel Worthington's Norwich City in June 2005. He had already played under Worthington at Blackpool.
He was out of favour for the "Canaries" in 2005–06, playing just eleven league games. He joined Plymouth Argyle on a six-week loan in November 2005, playing seven games for the Devon-based club. In March 2006, he joined Preston North End on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent transfer afterwards. Norwich were paid £30,000 for the loan deal and the permanent transfer would go through for an undisclosed sum.
The 2006–07 season saw him play for three different clubs. Losing his place in the Preston side in September, he joined Hull City on loan in November 2006, to provide midfield cover for the injury-stricken club. In February 2007, he joined Leicester City on an initial one-month loan period. He made his debut in Leicester's 2–0 victory at Portman Road against Ipswich Town. On 23 February 2007, the loan was extended until the end of the season. He finished with thirteen appearances for the "Foxes". Back at Carrow Road he was transfer listed at the end of the season. In October 2007 he was sent on loan to Queens Park Rangers for three months, but only played two games, returning to Deepdale after just a few weeks. He joined League One Oldham Athletic on an end-of-season loan in January 2008. He scored three times in fifteen games for the "Latics".
After applying himself well in pre-season, he made three appearances for Preston in October 2008, but was otherwise neglected. In January 2009, Jarrett left Preston after negotiating an early release to his contract, and joined League One side Brighton & Hove Albion, signing a contract until the end of the 2008–09 season. It was announced on 12 May 2009, that Jarrett would be leaving Brighton after the expiration of his contract at the end of June 2009.
In September 2009, he joined up with Micky Adams again, this time at League Two Port Vale on a trial basis. He was signed up on a three-month deal before the month was up, in an attempt to "kick-start his career". His first task was to regain the fitness necessary for regular football. However he was not offered a new contract at the end of the year, having played just thirteen games, due to illness and injury. Adams admitted "the fans didn't see the best of him".
In July 2010 he signed a six-month contract with Oldham Athletic. Manager Paul Dickov spoke of how versatile the player was, and that he was planning to play the midfielder in defence, in the belief he can bring a lot of experience to a young side. He was released on 13 January 2011 after his short-term contract was completed, having made ten appearances. He spent July 2011 on trial at Rochdale.
He signed with Conference North club FC Halifax Town in July 2012. He moved on to Airbus in January 2013, and played ten Welsh Premier League games. He signed with Chester in May 2013. He made 32 appearances for the "Seals" as they were relegated out of the Conference Premier in 2013–14.
Jarrett signed with Salford City in June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5931531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931531" title="Simon Whaley">
Simon Whaley

Simon Whaley (born 7 June 1985) is an English former footballer who played as a winger. He made more than 200 appearances in the Football League playing for Bury, Preston North End, Barnsley, Norwich City, Rochdale and Bradford City.
Career.
Whaley was born in Bolton and began his football career as a trainee with Bury. His trainer Paul Fortune always encouraged that one day he'd become a premier league player, and still believes it to this day. Fortune always honoured his trainee and on his 18th Birthday he received a full PNE football kit with Whaleys name and number on the back. He made his first-team debut in the Football League Trophy in October 2002 and made his first appearance in the Football League on 9 November 2002 as a second-half substitute in a 1–0 defeat at home to Torquay United, and went on to make 85 appearances for the club. After scoring seven goals in the first half of the 2005–06 season, bringing his career total to 11, Whaley stepped up two divisions to join Preston North End of the Championship in January 2006. He signed a four-and-a-half-year deal for a fee of £250,000 possibly rising to £300,000. He made his debut for Preston as a second-half substitute for Brian Stock in the League match against Millwall on 14 January, and went on to make a further 17 appearances that season, scoring three times in the last three away matches of the League season, against Leicester City, Coventry City and Hull City, as North End reached the play-offs.
He scored three goals in his first six games of the 2006–07 season, grabbing all the headlines from his former Bury team mate David Nugent, and went on to bag a further three before the end of October. He failed to add to his tally until the final game of the season, when he scored the only goal in the 1–0 win over Birmingham City, which was not enough to secure a play-off place.
Whaley joined Barnsley on loan for a month in November 2008, having fallen out of favour with Preston manager Alan Irvine, but he returned determined to fight for his place. However, his next start for Preston did not come until March 2009, and in July 2009 Whaley signed a two-year contract with Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, later reported as £250,000.
Whaley started Norwich's first four games, but then lost his place under new manager Paul Lambert, and in mid-September he joined Rochdale on a month's loan. He made his debut against Northampton Town as a 62nd-minute substitute, and on his first start for the club, scored their second goal in a 4–1 victory over Hereford United. After a second month with Rochdale, Whaley moved on to Bradford City, on loan until 2 January 2010, making his debut on 21 November as a second-half substitute, replacing Scott Neilson in a 1–1 draw with AFC Bournemouth. Bradford City chose not to extend Whaley's loan, and on 1 February his Norwich contract was cancelled by mutual consent, leaving him a free agent.
After a trial with Oldham Athletic, Whaley signed for League Two club Chesterfield until the end of the season.
In November 2010, he started training with Doncaster Rovers to regain his fitness, and due to an injury crisis, he was signed by the Championship club on non-contract terms so that he could take his place on the bench for an away game at Portsmouth, which Doncaster won 3–2. He was an unused substitute in this game having played no competitive football since March, and subsequently left the club on 12 January 2011.
From 9 February 2011, Whaley went on a second trial at promotion chasing Oldham Athletic but was not successful during the trial.
On the 4th of March Whaley signed for Burton Albion on a short term contract, and made his debut the following day in the 4-1 defeat at Crewe Alexandra. He left the club in late March after 3 appearances for the Brewers. Whaley joined Northern Premier League side Chorley in August 2011, later opting to retire from playing in December 2011, due to a recurring knee injury and now intends to move into coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="5931539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931539" title="Tris (disambiguation)">
Tris (disambiguation)

Tris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931543" title="Elsa Bernstein">
Elsa Bernstein

Else/Elsa Porges-Bernstein (born Else Porges, pseudonym: Ernst Rosmer; October 28, 1866 - July 2, 1949) was an Austrian-German writer and dramatist of Jewish descent.
Life.
Elsa Porges was born in Vienna, a daughter of Heinrich Porges (himself a close friend of Richard Wagner). At age 10 and at her own insistence, she attended the first complete four-opera performance of "The Ring Cycle" in Bayreuth in 1876, for which her father served as Wagner's special documentarian-archivist. Elsa was the cycle's youngest audience member.
With her marriage to journalist Max Bernstein. she became host to one of the most notable musical and literary salons of the late 19th-early 20th century, whose attendees at various times included Gerhart Hauptmann (whose son married Bernstein's daughter, Eva), Hugo Von Hofmannsthal, Engelbert Humperdinck, Henrik Ibsen, Annette Kolb, Hermann Levi, Gustav and Alma Mahler, Thomas Mann, Rainer Maria Rilke, Richard Strauss, Bruno Walter and Max Weber, among many others.
She was educated at Munich and, for a short time, on the stage. A degenerative affliction of the eyes forced her to retire, and she thenceforth devoted herself to dramatic literature. Shortly after her marriage in 1892 to Max Bernstein, she wrote her first play, ""Wir Drei"" (English: "We Three"), which created considerable discussion; some saw it as a dramatization of the matrimonial and sexual views of Taine and Zola. (Although written under the pseudonym of Ernst Rosmer, her identity as the play's author was never secret.) Her next few plays fell short of exciting the same public attention: "Dämmerung" ("Twilight", 1893); ""Die Mutter Maria"," 1894; "Tedeum" (1896); "Themistokles" (1897); and "Daguy Peters".
But unbounded admiration was elicited by "Königskinder" (1895), a dramatic fairy-tale. Though its plot was simple, the beauty of the theme and its poetry were such as to class it with Ludwig Fulda's "Der Talisman"." Although Engelbert Humperdinck was dissatisfied with his first concert setting of "Königskinder" in 1897, an avant-garde melodrama which demanded an innovative "speak-singing" technique from its soloists (despite production challenges, it nevertheless enjoyed over 120 performances across Europe), he persuaded Bernstein in 1907 to authorize a traditional opera setting which debuted in German at the Metropolitan Opera in New York in December 2010. That version is still performed.
Almost certainly at the instigation of Winifred Wagner, Bernstein was awarded an exit visa for the United States in 1941, but refused to leave her sister Gabriele behind (who as Elsa had lost almost all her eyesight, had become her caretaker). The two women were transported to Dachau arriving 25 June 1942, where Bernstein was recognized as the author of "Königskinder"; as a result, the sisters were sent the following day to Theresienstadt (where Bernstein's sister and caretaker, Gabriele, died). After her liberation in 1945 Bernstein wrote, on a special typewriter for the blind, a detailed account of her confinement in the camp's "Prominentenhaus", or "House of Notables." The typescript was discovered by accident and published in German more than five decades after her death.
Bernstein died, aged 82, in Hamburg-Eimsbüttel. Although buried in a grave with her husband, her name is no longer legible on their shared headstone.

</doc>
<doc id="5931556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931556" title="Lai Kew Chai">
Lai Kew Chai

Lai Kew Chai (; 7 February 1941 - 27 February 2006) was a Malaysia-born Singaporean judge and the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court Bench, having served for almost 25 years as a Judge.
Born in Tanjung Malim, Perak, he received his early education at Methodist English School at his hometown in 1950, and at the Methodist Boys' School, Kuala Lumpur in 1955.
Lai was an exceptional student in school, excelling as a school captain and in his studies. He received a School Book Prize for best HSC results for his final year examinations in 1961, and from there went on to read law at the University of Singapore in March 1962, with a University Entrance Scholarship. He continued to shine in his academic results, received a Book Prize for his first-year results in March 1963 and graduated with Honours in 1966. Upon graduation that year, he was admitted to the Singapore Bar on 14 December and began his career with the law firm "Lee & Lee". In 1971 Lai become a full partner of the firm.
In his 13 years' private practice with the firm, he was very active member in the legal fraternity, having served as Honorary Director of the Postgraduate Practical Law Course and a member of the Military Court of Appeal between 1977 to 1981, and as Vice-President of the Law Society of Singapore between 1980 to 1981.
On July 1, 1981, he was appointed to the High Court at the age of 40, making him the youngest judge to be appointed to the High Court in Singapore. In 1989, he was made Senate Member and Executive Committee Member of the Singapore Academy of Law. Justice Lai was appointed Chairman of the Legal Education and Studies Committee of the Academy from January 19, 1989 to July 28, 1995, and Chairman of the Professional Affairs Committee, Singapore Academy of Law from July 24, 1993 until his retirement on February 6, 2006. - on his 65th birthday.
High-profile court cases by Lai Kew Chai.
In his 25-year career, Justice Lai heard many high-profile cases, and made many contributions in the legal arena.<br> In 1982, he issued the first written decision on the granting of a "Mareva injunction" in Singapore in the "Art Trend Ltd v Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd" case.
In 1986 Justice Lai sentenced Malaysian businessman and the then-MCA President Tan Koon Swan to a S$500,000 fine and two years' imprisonment in Singapore, for Criminal Breach of Trust (CBT) which led to the collapse of Singaporean company Pan-Electric Industries. In his judgement, Lai said Tan’s offences had “struck at the very heart, integrity, reputation and confidence of Singapore as a commercial city and financial centre".
In the case of "Thahir v Pertamina" (1992), the Indonesian petroleum conglomerate presented substantial claims to over S$60 million deposit in various accounts with Sumitomo Bank in Singapore, and belonging to the late General Achmad Thahir, a former General Assistant to Pertamina's President-Director, General Ibnu Sutowo. Much of the deposits were deemed to be kickbacks from corruption practices by the General Thahir, during his office in Pertamina between 14 October 1968 and the day of his death on 23 July 1976. Justice Lai thus allowed Pertamina's claims to be passed and the decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal.
The judgement passed by him deeply impressed The Privy Council in Britain, and formally accepted Lai's rejection of exercising an English legal authority on the Commonwealth corruption law that had been upheld for more than a century.
On May 12, 2005 Singapore saw for the first time, a case involving exercise rights of discretion in the amendment of patent specifications for commercial products in the "Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. FE Global Electronics PTE Ltd and others, and other suits (SGHC 90) Justice Lai ruled on all counts, in favour of Trek 2000 International that their USB portable mass storage device patent to be valid, enforceable and infringed by Israel’s M-Systems Flash Disk Pioneers Ltd, and Hong Kong’s Ritronics Components.
Justice Lai's last major case heard was that of the sexual assault cum murder of 8-year-old Chinese national Huang Na in 26 August 2005, by the accused Took Liang How. He ruled all forensic evidence pointed to Took's guilt and to his admission of sexual assault and murder of Huang Na, as well as dismissing Took's defence that he was schizophrenic. Took was hanged in Changi Prison on Friday, 3 November 2006 before dawn.
Personal life.
Lai Kew Chai was an active church worker and an avid traveller. In his lifetime, he was made Honorary Secretary to the Parochial Church Council of St. John's - St. Margaret's Church from 1973–1978, and a member of the Council between 1978 and 1981. He was also a Registrar of the Diocese of Singapore, appointed by The Bishop of Singapore.
Lai Kew Chai died at 11.36 a.m., after a seven-month battle against stomach cancer. He left behind his wife, Dorothy and two children Stanley, 37, and Amy, 33, both lawyers, and two granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5931564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931564" title="Jewel of Kiss">
Jewel of Kiss

"Jewel of Kiss" is the fifteenth single from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani, and the second single from her 2004 album, "Tsuioku+Love Letter". Released in mid-June, it managed to take the no. 21 spot on the Oricon charts and has since sold roughly 17,000 copies.
"Jewel of Kiss" is a midtempo pop ballad, with a wintry feel in the opening, marked by pizzicato strings - the body of the song, however, features piano, castanets, electric organ, and cascading strings, and sounds very different from the opening and closing. The b-side, "Asatsuyu no Melody", is also a midtempo ballad with prominent electric guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="5931571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931571" title="Valve cover racing">
Valve cover racing

Valve cover racing is a competitive event similar to the Pinewood derby, but vehicles are made from a valve cover from an internal combustion car engine, rather than of wood blocks, . Valve cover racing is most commonly seen at car shows.
Events.
Rules and regulations will change depending on the venue, but the basics remain the same: Competitors must construct a vehicle using a valve cover from a car's engine. Usually it must have four wheels. It can be decorated or modified within the rules set by the organizing body. The valve cover is powered by gravity. In a valve cover race, two or more racing valve covers are placed at the top of a specially constructed incline, which can be straight or curved. They are released at the same time and the first to cross a finish line at the bottom of the incline wins the race. Win lights or timers may be used to more accurately determine the winner of a race. Valve cover racing is often an event for children at car shows, although adult valve cover race events are also seen.

</doc>
<doc id="5931578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931578" title="Rathdrum">
Rathdrum

Rathdrum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931595" title="Aylin Aslım">
Aylin Aslım

Aylin Aslım (born 14 February 1975 in Lich, Hesse) is a Turkish singer and songwriter.
Aylin was born in Lich, Hessen, Germany into a Turkish family but moved back to Turkey when she was only one year old. She sang in several rock and electronica bands in several clubs in Istanbul. Her first album "Gelgit" -released in 2001 was more of an electronic album. However, she switched back to rock for her later releases, one of which is her second album, "Gülyabani", was released in 2005.
Discography.
Gelgit (2001).
Senin Gibi's 2nd version "Aylin Gibi" was included in the 2nd edition of the Gelgit album.
Zümrüdüanka (2013).
1. İki Zavallı Kuş
2. Ölünür de
3. Hasret
4. Küçük Bey
5. Zümrüdüanka
6. Af
7. İşte Sana Bir Tango
8. Usta

</doc>
<doc id="5931610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931610" title="Zito (footballer)">
Zito (footballer)

José Ely de Miranda, best known as Zito (born in Roseira, Vale do Paraiba, August 18, 1932) is a former association footballer who played in defensive midfield.
Started career in 1952 and ending in 1967, playing 733 games and scoring 57 goals with Santos FC. He won nine São Paulo State Championships (1955, 1956, 1958, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1964, 1965 and 1967), four consecutive Brazil Cup (1961, 1962, 1963 and 1964) two Copa Libertadores de América (1962 and 1963), two Intercontinental Cups (1962 and 1963) and four Tournaments Rio-São Paulo (1959, 1963, 1964 and 1966). For the Brazilian team he won two FIFA World Cups in 1958 and 1962, scoring a goal in the final of the latter. Today, Zito is the chief manager of Santos Futebol Clube.

</doc>
<doc id="5931613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931613" title="Tune-o-matic">
Tune-o-matic

Tune-o-matic (also abbreviated to TOM) is a name of fixed bridge design for electric guitars. It was designed by Ted McCarty (Gibson Guitar Corporation president) and introduced in the Gibson Les Paul Custom guitar in 1954. In 1955, it was used on the Gibson Les Paul Gold Top. It was gradually accepted as a standard on almost all Gibson fixed-bridge guitars, replacing the previous wrap-around bridge design, except on the budget series.
Function.
Guitar strings, especially steel strings, are not "ideal vibrators". Generally the thicker the string, the shorter the "effective length". This refers to the length of string involved in producing a sound, as opposed to the length between the nut and the bridge. Many guitar designs with fixed bridges have the bridge slanted or stepped so that the distance from nut to bridge is larger for thick strings. The Tune-o-matic extends this idea to make the distance adjustable for all the strings, within limits.
A common way of determining correct adjustment for a string is to compare the pitch at the 12th fret with the harmonic at the same position. The two should be as close as possible.
Construction.
The Tune-o-matic bridge consists of two adjustable "posts" that are screwed into the guitar body and a "bar" between these posts. The bar has six "saddles", one per string. Each saddle has a small "groove" that matches string gauge and shape — it is where the string would be held by the saddle. When fully assembled, each string sits astride a saddle and the saddle thus "marks" the end of the vibrating string. Each saddle can be adjusted (moved back and forward) with a screw to control intonation. To prevent saddles from falling out of the bridge when no strings are installed, most models hold the saddles with a retainer wire or wires.
After passing over the saddles each string goes to the tailpiece. Some guitars have a stopbar to hold strings, others have "strings through the body" construction, which uses the body of the guitar to hold the end of the strings.
The Tune-o-matic bridge is not absolutely flat; and standard Gibson Tune-o-matic bridges have a 12" radius. Ideally, the radius should match the radius of fretboard for the most comfortable playing experience.
It is possible to fit the bridge either way round on the two body posts, which leads to a certain amount of confusion when changing strings, should the bridge fall off. Conventionally, the string length (intonation) adjustment screw heads of the older "Vintage" bridge face the neck, and the screw heads of the newer "Nashville" bridge face the stopbar. Unless the player wishes to completely reset the action and intonation, it is important to refit the bridge in the same orientation as before a string change, regardless of which way round it was to start with.
Varieties.
Since its invention, different versions by Gibson and other companies have emerged. Gibson has introduced at least three versions that have minor differences in construction:
There are multiple widely known Tune-o-matic models that differ in the following parameters:
Saddle groove maintenance.
Over time, particularly on the thinner unwound E, B and G strings - the groove may cut into the saddle, in which the string rests, taking on a sharper 'V' shape - due to the action of the string sliding slightly in the groove: particularly during string bending. As this 'V' shape sharpens, it takes on a slight scissor characteristic and gradually any new string is abraded as string tension pulls it deeper into the groove: this leads to increased breakage, particularly during bending - exactly at the saddle. The simplest solution is a slight filing out of the groove, to recreate more of a 'U' shape, while saddle replacement - particularly with very high quality metal alloy replacements, is another option.
Spelling.
There is no general consensus on "proper" capitalization of bridge name. Gibson's official site usually spells it as "Tune-o-matic", while "Tune-o-Matic" and "Tune-O-Matic" are frequently used in advertising and promotional material.

</doc>
<doc id="5931614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931614" title="Shoushan (Kaohsiung)">
Shoushan (Kaohsiung)

Shoushan (, also commonly known in English as Monkey Mountain) is a mountain located in Gushan District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan, to the north of the main entrance to Kaohsiung Harbor. It was named Ape Hill by the Dutch in the 17th century to describe many monkeys on this mountain. It is also called Chaishan (柴山) and actually includes the Snake Hill (蛇山 - a 17th-century term) in its northern part, and Long Life Hill (壽山 named by Japanese in 1911-1915 for the crown-prince Hirohito) in the southern part. In some old maps, the peak of the hill is called Saracen's Head. Now it is a nature park where biological diversity can be seen.
History.
Shousan is currently one of the oldest ruins of civilization founded in Kaohsiung, dating back 4000 to 5000 years ago. Millatary installations were constructed over both through the Chinese Occupation throughout the 17 and 18th century and the Japanese occupation from 1895 to 1945. It is now formally under the preservation of the National Environment Preservation Unit of Taiwan, and serves as a tourism attraction.
Ecology.
Plant Life.
Despite its status as a secondary forest, there are over 800 species of plants residing within Shoushan, with its tropical climate providing a suitable place for growth and species diversity. 
Notable species includes:
Animal Species.
Shoushan hosts a total of 5 amphibian species, 24 reptiles, 106 birds and 8 mammals. 
Notable species includes:
Geography.
Shoushan is located in southern Taiwan within the vicinity of Kaohsiung stretching across the Gushan district. 5.5 Kilometres long from North to South and 2.5 kilometers wide from East to West with and overall landmass of around 1200 acres. In terms of height, Shoushan reaches a maximum elevation at around 365 meters from above sea level.Stretching from the Zhuoying northern district to the southern peak of Sizihwan, Shoushan is the largest and most prominent landmark in Kaohsiung.
Climate.
The climate of Shoushan belongs in the tropical standard,with an average annual temperature of 25.1 Celsius degrees and the lowest at 19.1 degrees in January and the highest at 29.1 in August. The annual rainfall totals up to 1748.6 millimetres, with the major wet season taking place between June and August.
Geology.
The mountain is made up of coral reefs and calcium carbonate, with evidence of the landscape rising above sea level. The Calcium Carbonate is generally consisted of coral, sea algae and shells, further supporting the theory. Due to its rise from sea level, the landscape of the mountain is severely effected by erosion from the sea, resulting in jagged cliffs and even calcium carbonate formed caves with stalactite.
Notability.
Shoushan is the one of the mountains where Kaohsiung residents can see natural biological specimens within an hour's drive. There is an extensive system of boardwalk hiking trails that circle the mountain. Hikers can enjoy tea at various tea stations sprinkled throughout the trails. Water is carried to the tea stations by hikers who bring it from a reverse osmosis station at the bottom. From the tea station at the top of the mountain, hikers can see views of the Taiwan Strait through the trees.
The mountain is a reserve for Formosan rock macaques. Thousands of these monkeys reside on the mountain pestering hikers who have food with them.
Transportation.
The mountain is accessible within walking distance North of Sizihwan Station of the Kaohsiung MRT. There is an entrance just east of the Shou Shan Zoo, as well as one beside the College of Liberal Arts building in National Sun Yat-sen University.
There are three other access points to the mountain along Gushan Road. The southernmost is beside Yuan Heng Temple; a second is located behind the Kaohsiung Municipal Ku Shan Senior High School; and the northernmost is located beside the Long Quan Temple, near the intersection with Xinjiang Road.

</doc>
<doc id="5931635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931635" title="Al-Tabarani">
Al-Tabarani

Abu al-Qasim Sulaiman ibn Ahmad ibn Al-Tabarani was born sometime in 260 AH (873 CE) and lived until 360 AH (970 CE). He narrated numerous aḥadīth.
Students.
From amongst his students were: Ahmad bin 'Amr bin 'Abdul-Khaliq Al-Basri and Abu Bakr Al-Bazzar.

</doc>
<doc id="5931642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931642" title="Lee Harrison">
Lee Harrison

Lee David Harrison (born 12 September 1971) is an English goalkeeping coach at West Ham. Harrison spent most of his career with Barnet, but he has played in over 400 League and Cup games in the course of his career with Gillingham, Fulham, Leyton Orient and Peterborough United.
Career.
Born in Billericay, Essex, Harrison, a goalkeeper, started his career at Charlton Athletic without making any first team appearances. From 1996 until 2003 he played 233 Football League games for Barnet and was Player of the Year for three consecutive seasons. After a £10,000 transfer to Leyton Orient where he played 65 League and Cup games – he moved to Peterborough United for the 2005–06 season, but in July 2006 returned to Barnet as player/coach. He was appointed club captain in July 2007.
In his second spell at the club, he attained the feat of making 300 league appearances for the club, honoured with a banner adorned on the North Terrace fence for the match against Rochdale in which he kept a clean sheet in a 0–0 draw. He was only the fifth player in the last 30 years to achieve this feat for Barnet.
Harrison was released at the end of the 2009/10 season and briefly joined Dagenham & Redbridge as a coach for their successful play-off campaign. Harrison signed a playing contract with Hayes & Yeading on 2 August 2010.
Coaching.
Harrison became a UEFA "A" qualified outfield coach at the age of 21, and is also a UEFA "A" qualified goalkeeper coach.
In May 2011 Harrison joined Newport County as assistant manager to Anthony Hudson and backup goalkeeper. Following the sacking of Hudson in September 2011 Harrison was appointed caretaker manager for one match, a 2–0 defeat at Darlington. Justin Edinburgh was appointed team manager on 4 October 2011 and Jimmy Dack appointed assistant manager therefore Harrison was released from his contract.
On 2 August 2012 it was announced that Harrison had been appointed permanent goalkeeping coach at Wycombe Wanderers, after a period working at the club on a temporary basis.
Harrison was also listed as a player at Wycombe, taking shirt number 21. Harrison left Wycombe in January 2014 to take up a coaching role at Premier League West Ham United. He was replaced at Wycombe by Barry Richardson.

</doc>
<doc id="5931661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931661" title="Ulmus chumlia">
Ulmus chumlia

Ulmus chumlia Melville & Heybroek is a small deciduous tree endemic to the Himalaya from the Kashmir to central Nepal, and the provinces of Yunnan, Sichuan and Xizang (Tibet) in China. It is found in broadleaf forest on mountain slopes at elevations of between 1000 m and 3000 m. Richens noted that the species appeared to be the same as that named by Grudzinskaya as "Ulmus androssowii" var. "virgata", which she considered an intermediate between "U. minor" and "U. pumila". 
Description.
Very occasionally growing to 25 m high, it has a spreading crown of sinuous branches. The blackish-grey bark of the trunk is irregularly reticulate, and exfoliate. The wing-less branchlets bear narrow obovate-acuminate to elliptic-acuminate leaves < 10 cm long x 4 cm broad. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers appear in spring, followed by orbicular samarae 10 mm - 12 mm in diameter.
Pests and diseases.
No information available.
Uses.
Like most elms, the tree is valued as fodder. The bark fibres are used for rope making and are also included with wool to make extra warm clothing.
Cultivation.
The tree is not known to be in cultivation beyond Asia. Specimens introduced to the Netherlands by Heybroek in the 1960s did not prove hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="5931664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931664" title="Preston Mountaineering Club">
Preston Mountaineering Club

The Preston Mountaineering Club is one of the older mountaineering clubs in the United Kingdom. Members from the Preston and Blackburn area founded the club in 1933. In the early days of the club, regular visitors were from Lake District given its proximity to the area. 
The PMC is affiliated to the British Mountaineering Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5931665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931665" title="Bluespec, Inc.">
Bluespec, Inc.

Bluespec, Inc. is a semiconductor tool design company co-founded by Prof. Arvind of MIT in June 2003. Arvind had previously founded Sandburst in 2000, which specialized in producing chips for 10G-bit Ethernet routers; for this task, Arvind had developed the Bluespec language, a high-level functional hardware description programming language which was essentially Haskell extended to handle chip design and electronic design automation in general. The main designer and implementor of Bluespec was Lennart Augustsson. Bluespec is partially evaluated (to convert the Haskell parts) and compiled to the term rewriting system (TRS). The justification behind writing chip designs in Bluespec is that it leads to shorter, more abstract, and verifiable (provably correct) source code, as well as type-checked numeric code. Bluespec, Inc. claims greater than 50% improvements compared to conventional methods of design. It also comes with a SystemVerilog frontend.
Bluespec has two product lines. Primarily for ASIC and FPGA hardware designers and architects, Bluespec is delivering high-level synthesis (ESL logic synthesis) with no compromise (speed and area) RTL. Bluespec is the only ESL synthesis solution for control logic, complex datapaths and algorithms. For SystemC users, Bluespec has delivered high-level ESL synthesis abstractions to SystemC. Bluespec integrates seamlessly into Cadence, Synopsys, Mentor and Magma flows, including verification, debug and synthesis, without requiring new methodologies or tools.
The first Bluespec workshop [http://csg.csail.mit.edu/bluespec/] was held on August 13, 2007 at MIT.

</doc>
<doc id="5931678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931678" title="Fort (band)">
Fort (band)

Fort are a stoner/psychedelic/hard rock five-member band from the northern New South Wales coastal town of Byron Bay, Australia.
History.
The band formed in 2000 (then known as Forte) as a result of band members' mutual admiration of the 90's stoner rock band Kyuss. Within their first year they had released their debut EP "Tripping In The Vast Exterior" (now found as a free download at http://downloadfort.com ). In 2001, they released their second EP "Skychaser", which received national airplay; followed by expansive touring. Two years later, the band recorded their debut album, "In A New Light" (now available as a free download at http://downloadfort.com), at Rocking Horse Studios, situated near Byron Bay .
In the first six years of existence Fort had undertaken national tours with Grinspoon, Fu Manchu, Brant Bjork, Clutch, Nebula, Shihad, Cog and The Black Keys. The band had also taken part in the Splendour In The Grass and Metal For The Brain festivals. A photo taken from their set at Splendour In The Grass is featured as the cover for the EP "In A New Light". 2005 saw the band dropping the 'e' from 'Forte' due to confusion in the pronunciation as well as releasing another EP, "Never Comin' Down". The band released a 14-track LP featuring tracks from "Tripping In The Vast Exterior", "In A New Light" and "Never Comin' Down" through Tronador in Brazil.
Their eponymous second LP was recorded at Backbeach Studios with DW Norton and mixed at Rockinghorse with Anthony Lycenko. It was released through MGM Records on 1 September 2007.
The band's Last.fm page mentions they are "“taking hiatus” as of Jan.17 2010 may never be back." It mentions three members (unspecified) have formed a new project OX and are currently in the process of demoing songs.
Despite this, Fort opened for Kyuss Lives on all their Australian Dates in 2011 except for Sydney. The first gig was at the Coolongatta hotel, 4 May. There is no word on a new album.
Members.
George Christie.
George Christie; is the lead guitarist and primary music writer. He cites Jimi Hendrix as his favourite guitarist. George plays a 1975 Guild S100 and various Gibson guitars (1969 Gibson SG and a 1979 Gibson RD Artist) through an array of vintage effects pedals, including multiple wah pedals and dirty, crunchy overdrive helped by two Big Muff pedals. He achieves his trademark stoner sound by running these pedals these through a Mesa Dual Rectifier, which was formerly owned by Kim Thayil of Soundgarden.

</doc>
<doc id="5931683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931683" title="Viola (song)">
Viola (song)

"Viola" is the fourteenth single from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani, and the first single from her 2004 album Tsuioku+Love Letter. It peaked at #17 on the Oricon charts and has sold around 22,000 copies.
"Viola" is a dance track with a heavy Eastern influence, bearing mandolin and flutes. The b-side, "Brand New Heart", is a poppy, bouncy dance song with what may be synthesized harpsichord and pizzicato style strings.

</doc>
<doc id="5931695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931695" title="California Color Guard Circuit">
California Color Guard Circuit

California Color Guard Circuit (CCGC) is one of the many circuits part of Winter Guard International (WGI). It consists of many schools and independent guard and percussion groups throughout mostly Northern California. Each year CCGC holds its own championships and sends many groups to the world championships at WGI. CCGC is the proud home of the 11 time winterguard gold medalists James Logan High School.
2006-2007 CCGC members.
Independent Regional A
Scholastic Regional A
Scholastic National A
Independent National A
Scholastic National AA
Independent Open
Scholastic Open
Scholastic World
Independent World

</doc>
<doc id="5931699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931699" title="Albert Fennell">
Albert Fennell

Albert Fennell (29 March 1920 in Chiswick – 17 April 1988) was a British film and television producer.
Best known for his work on the 1960s spy drama "The Avengers" with Brian Clemens, Fennell also produced (with Clemens) its follow-up, "The New Avengers" and "The Professionals".
"The Professionals" was made by Mark One Productions and "The New Avengers" by The Avengers (Film and TV) Enterprises Ltd, both companies Fennell established with Clemens and composer Laurie Johnson.
Fennell's film career had started as a production designer and writer. His later film productions included "And Soon the Darkness" (1970) and "Captain Kronos – Vampire Hunter" (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="5931701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931701" title="Lancashire Rock">
Lancashire Rock

Lancashire Rock is the official guidebook to rock climbing in Lancashire. Originally put together in 1969 by Les Ainsworth and supporting volunteers, there have since been seven revisions to the guidebook. The guidebook is now under the control of the British Mountaineering Council, and the latest revision contains some 6,600 climbing routes either in a quarry or on a crag and making it one of the biggest climbing guidebooks in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="5931720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931720" title="Zito">
Zito

Zito is a last name of Italian origin. It comes from the word "Zitu", meaning "young bachelor".
Zito can refer to:
Zito can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931722" title="Southern Sundevils">
Southern Sundevils

The Southern Sundevils were an American football team who competed in the Southern Conference of British American Football League (BAFL) Division One (the second tier of national competition). They played their home games at the ROKO Leisure Centre in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England. Russ Hewitt was the current General Manager and Head Coach. Russ had been with the team since its inception as a player on the youth team and has progressed through the Senior level and since retiring from player was involved in the management and coaching side of the organisation. Many former Sundevil members have coached or played for national sides, with some going on to trial and play for professional or semi-professional teams.
History.
Sundevils' youth origins - 1987 to 1994.
The club was founded as the Eastleigh Royals in October 1987 by 20 young football enthusiasts. The team entered youth competition playing in two-touch competition. The team started their first season in the Southern Conference with defeats at Bournemouth and Chelmsford before winning 14–12 against the Fortek Falcons. The season ended with a 2-6 record.
In 1989 Colin O'Field became team manager and along with new coaching staff the team record improved to 4-4. The 1990 season had promised great things with the addition of Graham Thorpe to assist Coach Riley and so it proved, winning the Southern Conference with a perfect 8-0 record before losing to Waldron in the playoff quarterfinals. 1991 saw the team renamed as the Eastleigh Devils and end their tenure in the two-touch game. They finished the season with a 4-4 record, finishing third in their group and earning a wildcard playoff spot, where they lost 6–8 to the Bournemouth Raiders.
In 1992, the Eastleigh Devils entered the British Youth American Football Association to play youth kitted football in the Coastal Conference, where newly appointed Coach, Martin Keogh joined with Coach Thorpe to see the team win their group with a 4-2 record. As group winners, they were awarded home advantage but that proved to be of no avail as they were beaten heavily by the Southend Sabres, who would eventually be crowned champions.
In 1993, the team changed its name to their present title of the Southern Sundevils. They maintained their steady improvement to record a 7-1 season and the Southern Conference Championship before losing their first playoff match against the Heathrow Jets. On a more positive note, both coaches and five players were chosen for the Great Britain Crusaders team. 1994 was the Sundevils' last season in youth football. In a year which saw many of the more established players retiring and rookies joining the squad, they struggled, finishing bottom of their group.
Move into senior football - 1995 to 1998.
In 1995, the Sundevils took the decision to begin a senior team. They joined the British Senior League, where they competed in the Southern Conference of Division Three. They struggled in their first season at this new level, posting a 3-7 record, finishing fourth out of six teams but falling well behind the three group leaders who all finished 8-2. The following year saw an improvement, ending the season with a 5-5 record.
The 1997 season saw a reorganisation of the BSL, with the Sundevils being moved to the Southeast Conference of Division Two. With the arrival of Jim Roberson and Simon O'Hara onto the coaching staff, their squad was bolstered by a number of former Winchester Rifles players who had followed Roberson after their team withdrew from the league and folded. The club improved on the previous season, finishing second in their group with a 6-4 record before losing narrowly away to the Bristol Aztecs in the playoffs. The following year proved to be their best season so far as they finished clear winners of their conference with a 7-1 record. Their defence in particular stood out, recording four shutouts and only conceding 53 points in their eight games. Their good form continued into the playoffs, recording home wins against the Southend Sabres and the London Mets, they travelled to the Saffron Lane stadium in Leicester to face the Lancashire Wolverines in the Division Two playoff final. In a tight game, they edged the Wolverines 22–16 to clinch their first divisional championship and earn promotion to Division One.
Promotion to the top division.
The Sundevils lined up in the Central Conference for the 1999 season, and they carried their good form into this higher level. Once again their defence proved strong, conceding just 81 points in their ten games, whilst at the other end, the Sundevils boasted the best-performing offense in the entire BSL, racking up a total of 236 points. Quarterback Cliff Boddington gained an impressive total of 1216 yards and 14 touchdowns in the regular season, making him the league's top passer. Wide Receiver Paul Brady caught 32 receptions to rank fourth in the league. In defense, Mark Penfound won five fumbles and five interceptions, the fourth best tally in the league alongside his team-mate Paul Davies. Present Head Coach Russ Hewitt also performed well, racking up four sacks, the fourth best number of sacks in the league. Eventually, they finished second in their group with a 7-2-1 (the only tie being a 0-0 draw away to the Bristol Aztecs) and qualifying once again for the playoffs before losing 7–19 at home to the Essex Spartans. 
Compared with the previous season, 2000 was a disappointment, finishing bottom of their group with a 2-6-1 record. 2001 on the other hand saw them return to winning ways, dropping just one game in the regular season to the eventual champions, the London O's. The first playoff match saw them face off against the PA Knights, a team they had already beaten twice that season, and that dominance continued as they won 22–6. Their next match saw them having to make the long trip up to Scotland to face the East Kilbride Pirates, and they failed to register a single point, losing 0–22.
2002 saw the Sundevils struggle once again, recording a 3-7 record and finishing fifth. This saw the team relegated to Division Two of the BSL along with Bristol Aztecs, and it was these two teams who would go on to dominate this conference, with the Sundevils finishing second with a 7-3 record. They were drawn away to the Cambridgeshire Cats in their first playoff match, and the two teams fought out a tight game that finished 6–6 after the regulation four periods. They could not be separated after one period of overtime, but the Cats scored a field goal in the second overtime period to progress.
Despite losing their playoff match, a further reorganisation of the league saw the Sundevils promoted to Division 1A, where they competed in a four-team group with the Cats, the Bristol Aztecs (who won the Divisional playoff) and the Norwich Devils, who had been relegated from Division One. After a ten game regular season which also saw them play a number of games against teams from Division One as well playing the other teams in their conference, they finished top of Division One A South with a 7-3 record, which saw them beating two of the higher league teams, but also forfeiting a match against the Norwich Devils due to a lack of ambulance at the game. Their top-place finish earned them an automatic place in the playoff semi-final where they played at home to the wild-card entries Staffordshire Surge, recording a heavy 48–3 win, and so earning a trip to the Don Valley Stadium to face their conference rivals from Bristol. They dominated the playoff final, shutting out the Aztecs as they finished with a 32–0 victory to claim their second divisional title.
Their first season back in the top division proved to be an eventful one, in particular their home match against the London O's. Just days before the two sides were due to meet, an anonymous hoaxer telephoned the team's ambulance provider claiming to be General Manager Russell Hewitt and cancelling the ambulance provision for the remainder of the season. As an alternative provider could not be found with such short warning Southern were forced to postpone the game and the Olympians generously agreed to reschedule the encounter. Then two weeks before the rescheduled game their home pitch was occupied by a group of travellers who had broken the lock to the gate that prevents vehicle access to the pitch. By law they were allowed to stay camped on the pitch uncontested for a maximum of 28 days, leaving the club management with 12 days to secure an alternative venue. Luckily, the travellers left just before the onset of wet weather that would have seen the pitch destroyed by their presence. In the end, the Olympians won the delayed game 0–22. After a shaky start which saw the Sundevils lose two and draw one of their first four games, they eventually finished third in their group with a 4-5-1 record, enough to earn a wild-card slot in the playoffs. They made the long trip up to face the Gateshead Senators, who they narrowly edged out 9–6 to set up a semi-final match against the PA Knights. After a tight game which saw the two teams tied at the end of regular play, the Knights scored a converted touchdown to put them ahead. The Sundevils replied with a touchdown of their own, but their attempt at a two-point conversion failed and so the Sundevils lost 14–15.
2006 saw the Sundevils fare slightly better, recording a 6-4 record to finish third in their group, earning them a wild-card slot for the second year in a row. They put in a strong performance in beating the Birmingham Bulls 22–6 away from home before travelling to the London Olympians. In a high-scoring match, the Sundevils lost 35–43 to the eventual league champions. 2007 saw the league reorganised, and the top flight containing the Sundevils was rebranded the Premier Division. The season was a disaster for the Sundevils. They lost all ten of their games, failing to score a single point in seven of them and scoring just 20 points in total. As such, they were relegated, where they now play in Division One South.

</doc>
<doc id="5931750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931750" title="Semantic satiation">
Semantic satiation

Semantic satiation (also semantic saturation) is a psychological phenomenon in which repetition causes a word or phrase to temporarily lose meaning for the listener, who then perceives the speech as repeated meaningless sounds.
History and research.
The phrase "semantic satiation" was coined by Leon Jakobovits James in his doctoral dissertation at McGill University, Montreal, Canada awarded in 1962. Prior to that, the expression "verbal satiation" had been used along with terms that express the idea of mental fatigue. The dissertation listed many of the names others had used for the phenomenon:
"Many other names have been used for what appears to be essentially the same process: inhibition (Herbert, 1824, in Boring, 1950), refractory phase and mental fatigue (Dodge, 1917; 1926a), lapse of meaning (Bassett and Warne, 1919), work decrement (Robinson and Bills, 1926), cortical inhibition (Pavlov, 192?), adaptation (Gibson, 1937), extinction (Hilgard and Marquis, 1940), satiation (Kohler and Wallach, 1940), reactive inhibition (Hull, 1913 ), stimulus satiation (Glanzer, 1953), reminiscence (Eysenck, 1956), verbal satiation (Smith and Raygor, 1956), and verbal transformation (Warren, 1961b)." (From Leon Jakobovits James, 1962)
The dissertation presents several experiments that demonstrate the operation of the semantic satiation effect in various cognitive tasks such as rating words and figures that are presented repeatedly in a short time, verbally repeating words then grouping them into concepts, adding numbers after repeating them out loud, and bilingual translations of words repeated in one of the two languages. In each case subjects would repeat a word or number for several seconds, then perform the cognitive task using that word. It was demonstrated that repeating a word prior to its use in a task made the task somewhat more difficult.
The explanation for the phenomenon was that verbal repetition repeatedly aroused a specific neural pattern in the cortex which corresponds to the meaning of the word. Rapid repetition causes both the peripheral sensorimotor activity and the central neural activation to fire repeatedly, which is known to cause reactive inhibition, hence a reduction in the intensity of the activity with each repetition. Jakobovits James (1962) calls this conclusion the beginning of "experimental neurosemantics."
Applications.
An application has been to reduce speech anxiety by stutterers by creating semantic satiation through repetition, thus reducing the intensity of negative emotions triggered during speech.

</doc>
<doc id="5931755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931755" title="The Legend of Wisley">
The Legend of Wisley

The Legend of Wisely (衛斯理傳奇) is a 1987 Hong Kong film directed by Teddy Robin.
Plot.
Wisely, the famous writer/adventurer, is tricked by his friend (played by Teddy Robin, the film's director) into helping him steal the dragon pearl. Sam Hui plays Wisely in this big budget HK movie, with production units filming some scenes by the Great Pyramids, and many scenes in Nepal. There are car chases and crashes, chases by horsemen and plenty of fights along the way. "The Legend of Wisely" is a live action comic book. A lot of effort went into making this movie, and it shows as Wisely goes from one hazard to another, an HK version of Indiana Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="5931760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931760" title="Rotherham Tramway">
Rotherham Tramway

The Rotherham Tramway was a tramway system serving the West Riding town of Rotherham. Service began on 31 January 1903 and ended on 13 November 1949.
The network of six lines spread across the town and was linked to the tramway networks of Sheffield and Mexborough & Swinton.
Rotherham tramways ran on six lines joining in the town's centre and serving Thrybergh, Silverwood Colliery and Broom Road to the East, Canklow and Sheffield to the South, Kimberworth to the West and Rawmarsh to the North.
The line to Sheffield was Rotherham's busiest as it served the main steel producing area of Great Britain. It required an almost constant flow of tramcars to meet demand. Track was re-laid in 1933 as well as single-ended double-decker tramcars purchased to serve on this particular line. Indeed the line was built with loop termini. The tramcars used for the Sheffield-Rotherham service were equipped with only one entrance and staircase and like on traditional double-decker buses, seats were made to be comfortable. Tram service ended on this route in 1948 and Sheffield trams ended at Tinsley (where the change of owner occurred until 1926 when the Sheffield Corporation purchased the line up to Vulcan Road).
An extension of the line to Broom Top to Maltby was opened for trolleybuses in 1912, this being the third trolleybus line in Great Britain. Trolleybuses were permitted to reach the town centre in 1924 along with trams. Tram routes to Rawmarsh Road, Broom Road, Kimberworth and Thrybergh were converted to trolleybuses in 1929 and 1931. The line to Canklow was converted to motorbuses in 1934.
Double-decker trolleybuses were built from the single-deck fleet from 1955. Twenty-three of these were sold in Spain with the last trolleybus running in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5931772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931772" title="Rennert">
Rennert

Rennert can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931801" title="Ipswich Cardinals">
Ipswich Cardinals

The Ipswich Cardinals are an American Football team from the United Kingdom based in Ipswich, Suffolk. The team plays in the National Division South East Conference of BAFANL – the second tier of the BAFA National Leagues.
Formation.
Formed by Colin Cox, Mark LePorte and Don Laisure II in December 1985 at the Drunken Docker pub in Ipswich.
The club was formed by the players for the players, the club was owned by the players.
What's in a name?
The name comes from one of Ipswich's most famous sons, Cardinal Thomas Wolsey, who was Henry VIII's Lord chancellor (Chief advisor to the king). It is a clever play on the traditional name for some American sports teams, whereas theirs is generally a reference to the cardinal bird, their name is a tribute to a local historical figure.
The team's first training session was set for January 1986 at Gainsborough sports centre, Ipswich. Over 100 hopefuls turned up for tryouts – a lot of them went by the way, but there were a lot of hopefuls.
Don Laisure put the hopeful players through their paces along with Gary McCartney.
The committee approached Jack Garner who was the head coach of the Woodbridge high school team. He became the head coach until he was transferred to Holland – then, with the team coach-less, JJ Johnson was asked to help. JJ and Andy Melton took over the coaching roles, whilst Don Laisure stepped down and played instead.
All Time record.
! Season
! Division
! width="40px" | Wins
! width="40px" | Losses
! width="40px" | Ties
! width="40px" | PF
! width="40px" | PA
! Playoff Record
! Notes
Rivalries.
Ipswich has a long standing rivalry with the city of Norwich in all sports and American football is no different. The Cardinals and the Devils games are always fiercely contested with both teams stepping up their games.
It is an amusing accident that one of the league's biggest rivalries features teams with religious logos. With Ipswich being represented by an adaptation of Cardinal Wolsey and Norwich being represented with a depiction of a devil. Are there higher powers at work here? Probably not, but it all adds to the intensity of the games when these two teams face off on the field.
Logo and uniforms.
Logo.
The Logo worn on the helmet was originally a cardinal's head, then the "Fighting Cardinal" (a representation of Cardinal Wolsey) which was designed by Mark Aryes the first QB, Kevin Davies took it to an artist at the Port of Felixstowe to refine it.
Early Days.
The original uniform first adopted by the Cardinals was a blue helmet with the cardinals head, red home shirt, white away shirt, white pants. It is believed these colours were chosen as they matched the local football team Ipswich Town FC, it is not known however, when or why the team decided to abandon these colours in favour of their current ones.
Pre-2007.
Later on the Cardinals switched to burgundy and gold for their helmets and home uniform, and all white for their away uniform. The helmets were gold with a central stripe of white flanked by two strips of burgundy. The jersey is burgundy and the pants gold.
The away uniform was white trimmed with red numbers and two red stripes on the arms.
Current Uniform.
The Cardinals current home uniform is made up of three colours; the primary colour is burgundy. The second is gold which runs from the base of the pants up the outside of the legs and follows onto the jersey before moving under the arms to the top of the shoulder, and is also the colour of the shirt numbers. The final colour is white which outlines the jersey numbers. The pants are burgundy with gold trim and the socks are white.
The away uniform is largely the same as the home with the only difference being that the burgundy jersey is replaced with a white jersey with burgundy numbering outlined by gold.
Retired Numbers.
At the end of the 2010 season Ralph Alexander, GM & Owner of the Ipswich Cardinals, made the decision to retire the clubs first ever number. Head Coach Ian Girling has seen service with the organisation since its inception in 1985 first as a player in the Wide Receiver and Quarterback role, later as offensive coordinator and finally as the current Head Coach (As of 2010). In that time he has won 2 National titles and represented British American football in Europe. It was decided that a fitting way to recognise this outstanding commitment to the organisation was to retire his number from the team's roster. At the Cardinals' 25th anniversary party the GM presented the number 7 to Coach Girling and thanked him for all he has done to help make the team as strong as it is today. Long may his association with the organisation continue.

</doc>
<doc id="5931850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931850" title="OrangeHRM">
OrangeHRM

OrangeHRM Inc. is a software company based in Secaucus, New Jersey. The company produces the human resource management (HRIS) solution, OrangeHRM, that is available both as an open source and an advanced hosted application (SaaS). OrangeHRM is released under the GNU General Public License.
The company was established in 2005. Their first beta release, in January 2006, was the first open source HRIS. Today the solution has more than 1 million users and the company has partners in the US, Europe and Asia.
The architecture of the application targets small and medium enterprises. The functionality includes employee information management, employee absence management, recruitment management, employee performance evaluation and other HR management tools.
History.
The co-founder and chief executive officer of OrangeHRM is Sujee Saparamadu. The organization started with four employees, which included one developer. OrangeHRM 1.0 which was released in March 2006, comprised features such as PIM, ESS, and reports modules, also enabling administarive users and ESS users to have different authority levels to the data in the application.
Over the next 6 years, OrangeHRM evolved into an HR solution with new modules and feature enhancements. In 2007, OrangeHRM was ranked as the fourth best solution in the category of enterprise projects and was among the top ten of all projects in the software development web site, SourceForge. During the same year, the application was made available in Russian, Spanish and Danish languages.
The company formed its first partnership with Canadian company Ross, making OrangeHRM services available to the Canadian market. Larry Stefonic, an international expert in escalating business growth, specifically in the software industry was made part of the OrangeHRM advisory board in 2009. In 2010, OrangeHRM launched its web-based HR management system, OrangeHRM Live. 
David Axmark, a founder of MySQL AB and a developer of the free database server, MySQL, is on the board of directors.
Products.
Editions.
OrangeHRM delivers the solution in the following editions:
Each product derives from the same codebase. The solution runs on Windows and Linux. The latest stable release is version 3.1 (August 2013).
Add ons.
OrangeHRM provid"e"s the following add-ons:
And loads of other add-ons as specified on http://www.orangehrm.com/new-addon-plans.shtml
Services.
Customizations.
Companies can request for customizations in the application, to suit their requirements.
Support.
OrangeHRM offers support through the following 4 support plans: Starter, Silver, Gold and Platinum.
Training.
OrangeHRM provides online and onsite training in HR management techniques and the HRIS. OrangeHRM Online training is conducted via Cisco’s Webex, which allows small training groups to participate from any location. OrangeHRM On-site training can be conducted at any location upon request. This training targets large groups of trainees. Individuals who successfully complete the training session and sit for the examination are awarded a certificate of 'OrangeHRM Certified Administrator'.
Partners.
OrangeHRM offers partnerships to those who are capable of providing support and customizations to OrangeHRM customers. The company partners are:

</doc>
<doc id="5931855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931855" title="Zephyr (dinghy)">
Zephyr (dinghy)

The Zephyr is a New Zealand one-design 3.3 metre sailing dinghy. It is a national class, administered by the Zephyr Owners' Association. Hull form and sail plans are restricted, to ensure all boats have the same potential speed.
History.
The Zephyr was designed by Auckland New Zealand yacht designer Des Townson, in 1956. Des built all the first hulls himself (numbers 1 to 233) in Pinus Radiata veneer, off the same mould, even though many were completed by their owners to the strict one design rules of the class. He was one of the early adopters of mass production in recreational boatbuilding using the postwar (WW2) available waterproof glues. In this case Resin Syrup by Desford or Cascade as used in construction of the De Havilland Mosquito aircraft not so many years earlier. He also developed efficient techniques for removing staples from the veneer after glue setting using the recently released synthetic packaging strap which was starting to replace metal binding. Staples were set through the strapping when the veneers were fixed. Staple removal mostly was achieved by pulling up one of the strap with the staples still engaged saving substantial time over traditional removal, and with less veneer damage. All sails for this series of boats were made by Auckland sailmakers Boyd & McMaster. In fact the original class rules stipulated that sails must be "strictly to a pattern lodged with Boyd and McMaster sailmakers. A local champion from the Waimarie Sailing and Power Boat Club in 2009 was 19 year old university student Matthew Hix. During the 1970s demand for new boats arose; many of the original 233 boats had been beautifully maintained and restored but more were required. Approaches to Townson revealed that the original mould had been cut up by him to make space in his Dunlop Lane, Panmure, workshop. This was to make way for his subsequent larger keelboat construction including the well known Townson 32's Moonlight, Starlight, Twilight, Townson 33 Restless and Townson 34's Dreamtime and Talent along with many others. In the early 1970's Des consented to two replacement Zephyr building jigs being constructed, one in each of Christchurch and Auckland, New Zealand. Boats 233 to 250(?) were built in the same manner as by the designer and to the strict rules of the class . This system remained in use until the advent of cedar glass boats, when a new jig was built, for the production of "250" series hulls.

</doc>
<doc id="5931857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931857" title="Drago Kolar">
Drago Kolar

Professor Drago Kolar (1932 – 2000) was a head of the Ceramics Department at the Jozef Stefan Institute (Ljubljana, Slovenia) from 1965 until 1997. 
Kolar was one of the world leading scientists in the field of ceramic materials. His main scientific interest was in sintering mechanisms and microstructure development in ceramics, high-temperature phase equilibria and functional ceramics.
He published, together with his co-workers, over 200 publications in international periodicals, over 200 publications in the proceedings of international conferences and co-authored nine patents. Besides his research activities he taught at the University of Ljubljana. He supervised 36 doctoral theses, 54 master's theses and 146 B.Sc. theses.
Among his honours and awards the most distinguished are: "Ambassador of Science of the Republic of Slovenia" (1995), "Honorary Diploma of the International Institute for the Science of Sintering" (1979), "Niobium Medal of the Max-Planck Institute" (1987), "Two Particle Man" recognition, German Powder Met. Soc. (1997).
The "IJS" magazine No. 79 (February 2000) was dedicated to Kolar (see articles in English by Guenter Petzow from MPI Stuttgart and by J.P. Guha from IJS).
Publications.
Invited and introductory lectures on International conferences and invited lectures on Universities and Institutes abroad:
More than 30 lectures concerning sintering and microstructure development in ceramics, high temperature phase euqilibria, functional and engineering ceramics

</doc>
<doc id="5931878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931878" title="G. A. Menon">
G. A. Menon

G. A. Menon (1931–2003) was the Chairman of 14 companies around the world. Born in North Paravur in Kerala, he majored in mathematics at Madras University and went to Harvard Business School. He began his career as a Systems Manager with IBM in India. When IBM closed down in India in 1978, he moved to Singapore where he joined the Chandaria Group. As an employee of Chandaria Group, he set up Multi Tech Systems, which merged with Venture Manufacturing Singapore Ltd in 1989. Venture Manufacturing is one of the largest electronics manufacturing companies in the world. Menon continued to be the Chairman of Venture Corporation until his death.
After becoming a successful entrepreneur, he first came to Kerala with a proposal to set up a Rs 6,000-crore petrochemical complex at Kasaragod, which did not take off. Subsequently, he set up the two Technopark companies namely US Software and Toonz Animation. Other companies, he was involved in India, were Dexcel Electronic Designs, Bangalore and Customer Line, Kochi.
He was also the founder and chairman of US-based Magnecomp International. The company was a manufacturer of the suspension assembly, an extremely high-precision component used in the read/write heads of computer hard disk drives.

</doc>
<doc id="5931879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931879" title="Pulawski">
Pulawski

Pulawski can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931889" title="Free Composition">
Free Composition

Free Composition ("Der freie Satz") is a treatise by Heinrich Schenker, and possibly Schenker's best known work. The third volume of "New Musical Theories and Fantasies" (preceded by "Harmony" and "Counterpoint"), it was first published posthumously by Universal Edition in Vienna in 1935. A second German edition by Oswald Jonas appeared in Vienna in 1956. The American translation by Ernst Oster was published by Longman, New York and London, in 1979.
"Free Composition" is often believed to present a complete and systematic outline of Schenker's mature theory, but it relies heavily on his previous writings, especially "Der Tonwille" (English translation, OUP, 2004) and "Das Meisterwerk in der Musik" ("The Masterwork in Music", English translation, OUP, 1997) and cannot be fully appreciated without some knowledge of these publications.
The word "Satz" does not easily translate in English. "Free composition" apparently implies that there may exist a "strict composition", but Schenker considered that composition, by definition, is free, as opposed to strict counterpoint. The French translation proposes "L'Écriture libre" ("Free writing"). Neither solution is entirely satisfactory. 
"Free Composition" consists of two volumes, one volume of text and one of musical examples. It is divided into three parts, dealing respectively with background, middleground, and foreground levels of structure. The last chapters of Part III are devoted to Meter and Rhythm and to Form.

</doc>
<doc id="5931903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931903" title="Honeyroot">
Honeyroot

Honeyroot is an ambient dance collaboration between Glenn Gregory and Keith Lowndes, signed to the Just Music independent record label.
Career.
The project had its origins in the 1997 album, "Skyscraping", by ABC. As ABC was essentially Martin Fry, after the departure of co-member Mark White, Lowndes and fellow Sheffield native Gregory of Heaven 17, were brought in for co-writing duties on the album.
Lowndes and Gregory's first album, "Sound Echo Location", was released in the UK and Australia in 2003 and in the United States in 2004.
Honeyroot reached the UK Singles Chart in May 2005 with their ambient cover version of the Joy Division song, "Love Will Tear Us Apart", which also appeared in the film, "Red Road". 2006 saw an online only release entitled "EP1".
"The Sun Will Come" (2007) featured two singles, the double A-sided, "Nobody Loves You (The Way I Do)" b/w "Heavy Drops" and "Where I Belong". Though known primarily as the front man for Heaven 17, Glenn Gregory sings on just two tracks on "The Sun Will Come"; leaving remaining vocal duties to a variety of female singers including Briony Greenhill ("Nobody Loves You"), Kim Richey, Kerry Shaw, Elsie Wooley and Lindsay Crisp.

</doc>
<doc id="5931924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931924" title="VFA-81">
VFA-81

Strike Fighter Squadron 81 (VFA-81), also known as the "Sunliners", is a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana. They are a part of Carrier Air Wing Seventeen, their radio callsign is "Inferno", and their tail code is "NA". Their mission is to conduct prompt and sustained combat operations from the sea, putting fuzed ordnance on target, on time. The squadron was originally designated VA-66 in 1955, was immediately redesignated VF-81, and finally redesignated VFA-81 in 1988. 
Insignia and nickname.
The squadron was originally called "Crusaders" and their first insignia was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on December 16, 1955. The original insignia was a black cougar on a light blue background. 
On 21 November 1963, the squadron was renamed the "Sunliners" and a new insignia was approved consisting of a black background with the international orange "mach wave" design. They also adopted the motto "Anytime, Anyplace" at this time.
When the squadron was redesignated VFA, a modification to the current design was made on March 30, 1988.
History.
1950s.
The "Sunliners" of VFA-81 were originally commissioned as Attack Squadron SIXTY SIX (VA-66) on 1 July 1955. On the same day, they were redesignated Fighter Squadron 81 (VF-81), an all weather fighter interceptor squadron flying the Grumman F9F-8B "Cougar". Their first deployment was with CVG-17 in late 1956 aboard the USS "Franklin D. Roosevelt" in response to the Suez Crisis. In 1958 VF-81 made a deployment as part of "Air Task Group 181 (ATG-181)" aboard USS "Lake Champlain" to the Mediterranean Sea. In the next year VF-81 went to sea with "ATG-182" to the North Atlantic aboard USS "Intrepid".
On 04 Mar 1959 VF-81 was reequipped with the Douglas A4D-2 "Skyhawk" and redesignated attack squadron VA-81 on 1 July 1959.
1960s.
VA-81 was assigned to CVG-8 and made five deployments to the Mediterranean Sea aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Forrestal" between 1960 and 1966. 
From October 1961 to February 1962, a detachment of VA-81 Skyhawks deployed to the North Atlantic embarked in USS "Essex". The detachment was provided air cover for antisubmarine units embarked in "Essex" with their AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles. The detachment was the first jet unit to function as part of an antisubmarine killer force. 
In April 1963 the squadron transitioned from the A-4B (A4D-2) to the A-4C "Skyhawk".
In 1966 and 1967, VA-81 was deployed with CVG-8 to the Mediterranean, this time aboard USS "Shangri-La". For the 1967/68 deployment aboard the same carrier, VA-81 flew the A-4C. 
In 1969 VA-81 A-4Cs made a single deployment to the Med aboard the USS "John F. Kennedy" as part of CVW-1, operating for a time off the coast of Libya following a coup that overthrew the Libyan monarchy on 1 September 1969.
1970s.
In February 1970, the "Sunliners" won the Navy Battle "E" for East Coast A-4 squadrons. In May 1970, VA-81 transitioned to the Vought A-7E "Corsair II" and was reassigned to CVW-17. 
Between 1971 and 1982 VA-81 made eight deployments to the 6th Fleet aboard USS "Forrestal". 
In Dec 1972, squadron’s A-7Es conducted cross-deck operations with the British carrier HMS Ark Royal. 
From July to August 1974, VA-81 operated from USS Forrestal in the vicinity of Cyprus following a coup in that country and its invasion by Turkish forces. Surveillance and cover missions were flown by the squadron during the crisis.
1980s.
VA-81 embarked in "Forrestal" from May to June 1981, operating in the eastern Mediterranean following Israeli reprisal raids against Syrian missile batteries located in southern Lebanon. 
In August 1981, the squadron participated a Freedom of Navigation Exercise in the Gulf of Sidra. During this exercise on August 18, two F-14 Tomcats from USS Nimitz (CVN-68) shot down two Libyan SU-22 Fitters. Tensions escalated, and VA-81 flew reconnaissance missions over potentially hostile Libyan ships.
Between 1984 and 1987 VA-81 made three deployments with the "Saratoga".
On March 23, 1986, while operating off coast of Libya, aircraft from "Saratoga", USS "Coral Sea", and USS "America" crossed what Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi had called the "Line of Death." 
The next day, three U.S. Navy warships crossed the same 32° 30' North latitude line. Two hours later, Libyan forces fired SA-5 "Gammon" surface-to-air missiles from the coastal town of Surt. The missiles missed their F-14 Tomcat targets and fell harmlessly into the water. Later that afternoon, U.S. aircraft turned back two Libyan MiG-25 fighter planes over the disputed Gulf of Sidra. In response a Grumman A-6E "Intruder" attacked a Libyan missile patrol boat operating on the "Line of Death." Later that night, VA-81 aircraft acted as the decoy group for VA-83’s HARM strike against the Libyan missile radar site at Surt. At the conclusion, three Libyan patrol boats and a radar site were destroyed by Navy aircraft. 
On February 4, 1988, VA-81 transitioned to the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C "Hornet" and was redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron 81 (VFA-81).
1990s.
The squadron made three deployments with "Saratoga" between 1990 and 1994. On its first cruise in the FA-18, VFA-81 participated in Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. On January 17, 1991, LCDR Scott Speicher's F/A-18C was shot down on the first night of the Persian Gulf War while flying a mission west of Baghdad. It is disputed whether he was shot down by a SAM or by a MiG-25. 
On the first day of the war the "Sunliners" scored the Navy's only two aerial victories over enemy fighters during the campaign by downing two Iraqi MiG-21s. VFA-81 returned to its homeport of NAS Cecil Field, Florida on 27 March 1991, following the swift coalition victory. The squadron also participated in the last Mediterranean deployment of "Saratoga", which was decommissioned in August 1994.
In 1996 VFA-81 made a cruise with CVW-17 aboard the USS "Enterprise", followed by a deployment aboard the USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" in 1998. Following this cruise, the squadron shifted its homeport to NAS Oceana, Virginia due to the BRAC-mandated closure of NAS Cecil Field in 1999.
2000s.
In 2000 and 2002 VFA-81 made two deployments aboard USS "George Washington" to the Mediterranean Sea and the Persian Gulf. In 2004 VFA-81 made a single deployment aboard the USS "John F. Kennedy". 
In 2007 VFA-81 was reassigned to CVW-11 in the Pacific Fleet and deployed aboard to the Western Pacific and the Persian Gulf. Its last deployment ended on June 3, 2008, and the squadron began transition training from the F/A-18C Hornet to the F/A-18E Super Hornet.
In 2011, the squadron was embarked with Carrier Air Wing 17 for a Western Pacific and Persian Gulf deployment aboard USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70).
In 2012, the squadron completed a surge deployment with Carrier Air Wing 17 aboard the USS Carl Vinson.

</doc>
<doc id="5931936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931936" title="Erin McNaught">
Erin McNaught

Erin McNaught (born 22 May 1982) is an Australian model, actress, presenter and television personality. McNaught grew up in Australia alongside her older brothers and began playing in a band named "Short Straw" in her teenage years. After starting a career in modelling she represented Australia at the Miss Universe 2006 competition but did not progress well. After her participation McNaught went onto secure more modelling contracts and television jobs. In 2007 she took acting classes and secured a part in the soap opera "Neighbours" playing the role of Sienna Cammeniti. In 2010 she was employed by MTV and fronted their "MTV Hits Weekly Hot30 Countdown" show.
Early life.
McNaught was born in Canberra, capital city of Australia. She is the daughter of Andy McNaught. Her parents made a point of promoting healthy living to McNaught and from them she also developed a passion for cooking. She grew up alongside her older brothers. McNaught and her family spent time living in Seattle during the 1990s. She later joined a band named "Short Straw" in which she played bass guitar and backing vocals. The collective secured gigs around Brisbane. She also had thirteen piercings and black hair. McNaught later branded the period in her life as a "phase".
Career.
McNaught was titled Miss Australia in 2006; but topless photographs of her surfaced and judge Jonathan Westbrook and event co-ordinator Deborah Miller called for McNaught to have the title taken from her. It was later decided that she should keep the title. She was chosen from nineteen finalists to represent Australia in the Miss Universe 2006 competition. She had clothes made by Australian designers Wayne Cooper, Jayson Brunsdon and Eliza Joy. However, McNaught caused more controversy after she did not take enough outfits to the event. She put together a video diary of her journey for Nine Network's topical show "A Current Affair". McNaught did not progress well in the competition and failed to make the final twenty. McNaught later took part in the Wintergarden Spring Summer Gala located in Brisbane. She also began negotiating modelling and television contracts.
In December 2006 it was announced that McNaught had secured a presenting role on "Cybershack", a programme analysing consumer technology. She began working on the series in February 2007; McNaught felt that she was equipped to deal with "gadgets" because she had grown up with older brothers "doing typical boys stuff". By this time McNaught was being booked for many promotional events.
McNaught later began taking acting lessons at the Actors Centre in Surry Hills and was coached by Simon Hunt. In August 2007, she travelled to Melbourne to audition and carry out a screen test for casting directors of the soap opera "Neighbours". In November 2007, it was announced that she had secured a role playing the character Sienna Cammeniti. Her introduction was part of a strategy to boost the show's ratings in Australia. She said she was "nervous" about joining the show because it was "a big change" to the work she was used to doing. She began filming her first scenes on 17 December. By March 2008, McNaught had impressed "Neighbours" producers and her contract was extended by three months. In July 2008, it was announced that she had decided to leave the series for the benefit of her relationship with Braith Anasta. McNaught said it had been a "tough decision to make" because she had a "great experience"; adding that she was happy with her acting achievements. Hannah Davies from "The Courier-Mail" reported that the acting industry were "outraged" by McNaught's employment and accused "Neighbours" of hiring famous people for ratings.
McNaught later became an ambassador to REPLAY Faces 2008, an online talent search to discover new models. She launched the talent search and chose the winner. She also became an ambassador for the charity campaign Fashion Targets Breast Cancer. McNaught has also hosted two seasons of the Asia Pacific Poker Tour. On 24 November 2009, McNaught severed the index finger on her right hand in an accident as she was shooting a story for "Cybershack": she fell from a dirt bike she was riding, and got her hand trapped in the bike's spinning wheel. The severed finger was reattached in emergency surgery. In December 2010, she began co-hosted the "MTV Hits Weekly Hot30 Countdown" with Matty Acton. McNaught told Kate Waterhouse from "The Sun-Herald" that felt more comfortable working for MTV because she could show the public her personality. She stated that her involvement in Miss Universe had "pigeonholed as a pageant type" which made her feel as though she needed to act a like a "goody two-shoes". She also revealed that she had asipirations to work in music journalism.
As of 2011, McNaught was modelling for brands including Antz Pantz and Mambo. She told Donna Duggan from News.com.au that she was "fortunate" because the contractors did pressurise her into losing weight. Although she was now content with her body image, she revealed that she lacked confidence upon starting modelling. Under pressure to be thin, McNaught stated that her eating habits were "all over the place". In 2012, McNaught took part in twelve season of "Dancing with the Stars" and was partnered with Gleb Savchenko. She was the first celebrity to be eliminated from the competition. In celebration of her thirtieth birthday she appeared naked on the cover of the June 2012 issue of Maxim Australia.
Personal life.
In November 2012, McNaught and musician Example announced that they were engaged. On 18 May 2013, the duo married in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5931944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931944" title="Nick Doody">
Nick Doody

Nick Doody (born 1972 in Morley, West Yorkshire) is a British stand-up comedian. He features frequently as a guest on radio broadcasts such as "Political Animal" and vox-pop television shows, although he is known primarily as a live stand-up comic.
He also wrote for the television series "FAQ U", was featured on "The Mark Thomas Comedy Product", and in 1997 was a finalist on Channel Four's "So You Think You're Funny" competition.
He was commissioned to write a study of American comedian Bill Hicks, "Telling the Truth, Laughing: The Life and Works of Bill Hicks" but this has yet to be made available to the public.
In August 2006 Nick performed his first solo Edinburgh Show "Before He Kills Again", and earlier that year made an appearance at Download festival. He has appeared on BBC Radio 2, "The Comic Side of 7 Days" on BBC Three, and has written for "8 out of 10 Cats", "The Late Edition" (BBC Four), "The Now Show" (BBC Radio 4), "Armando Iannucci's Charm Offensive" (BBC Radio 4) and took his second solo show "Hypocrite" to the Edinburgh Festival in 2007. He has recently appeared on "The World Stands Up" for BBC America and Paramount in the UK, and on "Edinburgh and Beyond", also for Paramount. In August 2009 Nick performed again at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival with the show Schizo.
He is the creator and head writer of the BBC Radio 4 show, "Bigipedia", which broadcast in 2009 and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5931962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931962" title="Purvis">
Purvis

Purvis can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931976" title="Institution of Plant Engineers">
Institution of Plant Engineers

IPlantE is the (British) Institution of Plant Engineers. It is the professional sector of the Society of Operations Engineers for engineers, technicians and those with an interest in the specification, installation, operation and maintenance of industrial plants and services. It was founded in 1946.
IPlantE publishes a bi-monthly magazine, "Plant Engineer" and runs a variety of professional activities through its regional branches as well as national seminars on topics such as the ATEX/DSEAR regulations and health and safety in the workplace.
IPlantE members represent a large range of engineering-related activities including static and rotating plant, industrial installation, mobile plant, power generation and distribution, utilities, system design, construction, production and maintenance and repair.

</doc>
<doc id="5931978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931978" title="Puryear">
Puryear

Puryear can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931984" title="BB6">
BB6

BB6 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5931987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931987" title="Preguinho">
Preguinho

João Coelho Neto, known more commonly as Preguinho (February 8, 1905 – October 1, 1979) was a Brazilian footballer in the striker position. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Son of Brazilian writer Coelho Neto, Preguinho was born on February 5, 1905. He played from 1925-1938 for Fluminense and scored 184 goals. A varied athlete, (playing volleyball, basketball, waterpolo, swimming, hockey, track & field and ornamental jumps) he received in 1952 the title of "Grande Benemérito Atleta". 
For Brazil he participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup and was the first captain of the Brazilian national team, scoring the first goal ever from Brazil in a FIFA World Cup in a match against Yugoslavia, and two further goals in a match with Bolivia.
He died at the age of 74 on September 29, 1979. In his honour, Fluminense dedicated a statue. A Brazilian TV-programme of his life was produced by Carlos Niemeyer for Canal 100 and directed by Carlos Leonam and Oswaldo Caldeira.
International goals.
Brazil's goal tally first

</doc>
<doc id="5931991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931991" title="Allyn Ann McLerie">
Allyn Ann McLerie

Allyn Ann McLerie (born December 1, 1926) was a Canadian-born, Brooklyn-reared actress, singer, and dancer who worked with most of Golden Age musical theatre's major choreographers, including George Balanchine, Agnes de Mille, and Jerome Robbins.
Life and career.
McLerie was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec, Canada, the daughter of Vera Alma MacTaggart (née Stewart) and Allan Gordon McLerie, an aviator. McLerie made her Broadway debut as a teenager in Kurt Weill's "One Touch of Venus". She went on to replace Sono Osato as Ivy in "On the Town", then created the role of Amy Spettigue in the 1948 Broadway production of "Where's Charley?" (Theatre World Award).
A life member of The Actors Studio, McLerie's other Broadway credits include "Miss Liberty", the drama "Time Limit", "Redhead" (understudying Gwen Verdon), and "West Side Story". McLerie also danced as a guest soloist with American Ballet Theatre during its 1950-51 European and South American tour.
McLerie's best-known film appearances are as Amy in "Where's Charley?" (1952), Katie Brown in "Calamity Jane" (1953), Shirley in "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" (1969) and as The Crazy Woman in "Jeremiah Johnson" (1972). Other film work includes "Words and Music" (1948), "The Desert Song" (1952), and the TV movie "Born Innocent". She enjoyed a long career as a character actress on television, making frequent guest appearances on shows such as "Bonanza", "The Waltons", "The Love Boat", "Barney Miller", "Benson", "Hart to Hart", "St. Elsewhere", and "Dynasty", among many others. She played Miss Janet Reubner, Tony Randall's assistant, on "The Tony Randall Show" from 1976-1978. McLerie played the recurring role of Arthur Carlson's wife, Carmen on "WKRP in Cincinnati" (1978–82). She appeared in three episodes of "Punky Brewster "alongside her husband, George Gaynes (1984). She may be best-remembered as Florence Bickford, the title character's mother on "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd" from 1987-1991. Her last role was on an episode of "Brooklyn Bridge" in 1993.
Personal life.
McLerie was married to the lyricist/librettist Adolph Green from 1945 until their divorce in May 1953. She has been married to actor George Gaynes since 1953. The couple has two children and are retired in California.

</doc>
<doc id="5931994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5931994" title="Brian A. Britt">
Brian A. Britt

Brian A. Britt is Assistant Director of the School of Music, Assistant Professor of Music, and Director of The Pride of Oklahoma Marching Band at the University of Oklahoma. Britt is only the fifth person to hold the position since the first full-time director of The Pride was hired in 1929. 
As Assistant Director and Coordinator of Undergraduate Studies, Britt oversees the entire undergraduate program for the OU School of Music. He is Conductor of the OU Symphony Band. He instructs music education students in conducting, and upper-division and graduate students in marching band administration and techniques.
Education.
Britt was born in Tampa, Florida, raised in Durant, Oklahoma, and graduated from Durant High School in 1983. He attended the University of Oklahoma and was a member of The Pride as an undergraduate, ultimately becoming The Pride's percussion section leader. Britt earned his bachelor's degree in music education in 1987, which was the year The Pride received the Sudler Trophy, and remained at OU as a percussion graduate assistant for The Pride in 1987. As a graduate assistant, he was responsible for creating and organizing audition materials for the OU Drumline, arranging percussion scores for all shows, and preparing the Drumline for performances. In addition, he designed and implemented an off-season drumline training program. 
While serving The Pride in this capacity, Britt also worked full-time at Norman High School as their assistant director of bands. He became the Director of Bands at Chickasha High School in 1989, and continued his graduate studies on a part-time basis.
After graduating from OU with a master's degree in music (percussion) in 1992, Britt worked throughout Texas as assistant director and director of bands for public schools and universities. At Texas Christian University, he was interim associate director of bands, and at Stephen F. Austin University, he was associate director of bands and director of the Lumberjack Marching Band. Britt was the director at McNeil High School in Round Rock, Texas, when he was hired as the Director of The Pride in 2001. He succeeded Gene Thrailkill, who had led The Pride for 30 years, including the years Britt attended OU.
Director of The Pride.
As The Pride's director, Britt leads an instructional staff and team of three faculty, six graduate assistants, and 40 student leaders, who prepare The Pride for its many performances and public appearances representing the University and the Oklahoma Sooners. Britt has responsibility for all aspects of the band's performance, including research, planning, and production design for all shows, trip planning for all away games, coordination with the OU Department of Athletics for all football and basketball events, administration of both the department's budget and its scholarship budget, and coordination of the graduate staff's teaching and logistical responsibilities. 
Britt is the faculty advisor for the Delta chapters of Kappa Kappa Psi and Tau Beta Sigma, and he is the Immediate Past Governor of the Southwest District of Kappa Kappa Psi, serving as an advisor to chapters on all college campuses in New Mexico, Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma. He also chairs and serves on various University committees and campaigns, including as the faculty chair of OU's Annual Campus Development Campaign, the Undergraduate Studies Committee, and as a member of the Football Game Operations Committee.
Outside of OU, Britt is active nationally as a clinician, guest conductor, lecturer, adjudicator, percussion arranger, drill designer, and consultant. He has conducted an extensive repertoire of concert band music, including two world premieres, and has produced and recorded several CDs. Britt has presented sessions and served on panel discussions at the National Athletic Band Symposium in 2004 and 2005, and he is the recording secretary of the Big 12 Band Directors Association. His professional associations include the College Band Directors National Association, Oklahoma Music Educators Association, Phi Beta Mu, Pi Kappa Lambda, Kappa Kappa Psi, Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, Tau Beta Sigma (honorary), and Kiwanis International. 
Britt lives in Norman, Oklahoma with his wife, Alicia, and their daughter Avery.
It was announced on October 4, 2012 that Britt will be stepping down from his position at OU to accept a position as the Director of Fine Arts for the Richardson (TX) Independent School District. This change will be effective February 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5932001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932001" title="Height restriction laws">
Height restriction laws

Height restriction laws are laws that restrict the maximum height of structures. 
There are a variety of reasons for these measures. Some restrictions limit the height of new buildings so as not to block views of an older work decreed to be important landmark by a government. For example, In the Tsarist Russian capital of Saint Petersburg, buildings could not be taller than the Winter Palace.
Other restrictions are because of practical concern, such as around airports to prevent any danger to flight safety.
Asia.
Hong Kong SAR.
To protect the ridge line along Hong Kong Island and in Kowloon, height restrictions are imposed according to the location of the buildings or structures.
Indonesia.
In Bali, Indonesia, a building cannot be higher than a palm tree, which is about 15 meters. The only building that is higher than a palm tree is the Bali Beach Hotel because the hotel was built before the height restriction was announced. How much this is enforced is in question.
Singapore.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore permits buildings to be constructed only up to a maximum height of 280 metres due to the proximity of Changi Airport and Paya Lebar Airbase.
Europe.
In Europe, there is no official general law restricting the height of structures. There are however height restriction laws in many cities, often aimed to protect historic skylines. 
In Athens, buildings are not allowed to surpass twelve floors such as not to block the view towards the Parthenon. There are several exceptions though such as the Athens Tower, the Atrina center and the OTE central building which exceed that level. This is due to them being either built far away from the centre or the fact that they were constructed in periods of political instability. The city's tallest structure is the Athens Tower reaching 103m and counting 25 floors.
There is however a height restriction for new onshore wind turbines in the European Union, which set their total height to 200 metres ( http://www.energiekeuze.nl/nieuws.aspx?id=954 ).
North America.
Canada.
Canada has no national height restrictions, but many individual cities do have height restriction bylaws and building is restricted by the national aviation authority (Transport Canada) near airports. Some examples:
United States.
Both the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) have a rebuttable presumption not to build any antennae over 2,000 ft above ground level. This is to prevent those structures from being a hazard to air navigation.
For airports, sometimes there are exceptions for height restrictions made for important infrastructure equipment, as radio towers or for structures older than the airport. These structures have to be marked with red and white paint, have flight safety lamps on top, or both. Often red and white paint and flight safety lamps have to be installed on high structures (taller than 100 metres) far away from airports. Height restriction laws are not always kept strictly.
Several cities in the United States have local height limits, for example

</doc>
<doc id="5932003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932003" title="Pyatt">
Pyatt

Pyatt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932006" title="Pymatuning">
Pymatuning

Pymatuning can refer to several places in the U.S. States of Ohio and Pennsylvania:

</doc>
<doc id="5932009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932009" title="Grinberg">
Grinberg

Grinberg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5932014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932014" title="Grynberg">
Grynberg

Grynberg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5932029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932029" title="Indra Sistemas">
Indra Sistemas

Indra Sistemas, S.A. () is a Spanish information technology and defense systems company. Indra is listed on the Bolsa de Madrid and is a constituent of the IBEX 35 index. The company was named after a Hindu god Indra.
Indra is organized around three business areas: Information Technologies, Simulation & Automatic Test Systems, and Defense Electronic Equipment.
Indra's portfolio ranges from consultancy, project development, and systems and applications integration to outsourcing of IT systems and business processes. This offer is structured into two primary segments: Solutions and Services.
Indra claims to focus on systems and solutions (Outsourcing, AM, Maintenance, etc...), and business processes where technology is a strategic and differentiating element (BPO).
Approximately a third of the company’s annual revenues come from international markets. By geographical areas, Europe and the USA are the two international markets with the greatest weight and growth for Indra. Latin America is also a geographical area in which Indra is operating.
The following are among Indra’s main business areas:
Shareholders Structure.
According to official information, the current shareholder structure of the company is the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5932033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932033" title="E-zone">
E-zone

e-zone is a Hong Kong Computer Magazine. It publishes weekly with three different sections: PC, Digital & DIY Zone. The price of the magazine is HKD$15. e-zone claims that it is the #1 Computer Digital Magazine in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="5932040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932040" title="Takatoku Toys">
Takatoku Toys

Takatoku toys was a Japanese toy company active during the 1970s and early 1980s. While responsible for many robots, action-figures and vehicles, they are today mainly known for making the original Macross toys.
During the 1970s Takatoku made toys based on shows such as Ultraman Leo, Hurricane Polimar, and even Mach Go Go Go (years after the show had aired). They produced die-cast character-toys including the Z-Gokin line as well a wide range of other types. 
Kanzen henkei.
When the real robot craze hit in the early 1980s Takatoku adapted by changing the style of their toys. The turning point came in 1982 when they produced toys for Macross (1982–83) with the focus on the transforming VF-1 Valkyrie. Designed by Shoji Kawamori, the Valkyrie was a very complex design at the time and a transforming toy seemed unlikely. Up to this point transforming toys were usually rather crude and tended to focus purely on one mode at the expense of the other(s). A "vehicle mode" might simply be the robot flat on its belly with wheels or wings on the sides.
Working with Kawamori, Takatoku was able to design a transforming 1/55 scale toy of the Valkyrie which was dubbed kanzen henkei ("perfectly transforming"). While not exactly a perfect rendition of the Valkyrie it was still (for a toy) very accurate and could transform to all 3 modes. Thanks to good marketing the KH toy became a big hit and sold well over a million units. It now appears crude next to modern designs but is still widely regarded as a masterpiece by collectors.
Even so, sales generated by the Macross line was not enough to sustain the company when subsequent shows made in 1983-84 were not as successful including Sasuraiger and the Macross "sibling" Orguss. There was some hope with the but Takatoku went under in early 1984 before it came out. Takatoku's last toys were for the unsuccessful Dorvack TV-series.
Post-demise.
After Takatoku's demise, their designs ended up in the hands of various other companies. Bandai got a hold of the Kanzen henkei VF-1 Valkyrie, releasing toys for the 1984 movie ' and made various re-issues later on. Hasbro also acquired the rights to the Valkyrie toy, which they used to make the character Jetfire while toys from Takatoku's Dorvack'" line were also converted into Transformers becoming Roadbuster and Whirl. Many "Macross" toys (but not the Kanzen Henkei) would be used by Matchbox for their "Robotech" line. A little-known company known as Select Toys used many smaller "Dorvack", "Macross", "Orguss", and a series of transforming animal robots that Takatoku never released and called them Convertors.
Sources.
Takatoku Toys article on the Transformers wiki

</doc>
<doc id="5932047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932047" title="AICC">
AICC

AICC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932049" title="March of Ancona">
March of Ancona

The March of Ancona or marca Anconitana (also Anconetana) was a frontier march centred on the city of Ancona and, then, Macerata in the Middle Ages. Its name is preserved as an Italian region today, the Marche, and it corresponds to almost the entire modern region and not just the Province of Ancona.
The march was created as a political division of the Papal States during the pontificate of Innocent III in the year 1198. It was initially governed by a papal nominee called a rector. The rector of Ancona, like the rectors of the other papal provinces, was under the authority of a general rector reporting directly to the pope. The province was confirmed by the "Constitutiones Sanctæ Matris Ecclesiæ" in 1357. The march followed the Adriatic as far north as Urbino and contained the cities of Loreto, Camerino, Fermo, Macerata, Osimo, San Severino, and Tolentino
The March and the Spiritual Franciscans
According to Paul Sabatier's biography of St. Francis of Assisi, "The Road to Assisi", the March of Ancona became the home of the spiritual Franciscans after Francis' death. These included some of Francis' original disciples, most notably Brother Bernard of Quintavalle, who was Francis' first convert and companion, and Brother Thomas of Celano, who wrote the official hagiographies that brought Francis to canonization.
These "spirituals" were unhappy with the Rules of 1221 and 1223 adopted by the Order of Friars Minor after Francis abdicated leadership of the Order. The Marches provided room for the solitude and poverty they sought. The region also offered protection from the authorities (Papal, Franciscan, and secular) who dubbed them 'heretics'.

</doc>
<doc id="5932051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932051" title="Lewis Thomas Drummond">
Lewis Thomas Drummond

Lewis Thomas Drummond (May 28, 1813 – November 24, 1882) was a Quebec lawyer, judge and political figure.
He was born in Coleraine, County Londonderry in Ireland in 1813. His father, an attorney, died while he was young and he came to Lower Canada with his mother in 1825. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet, then studied law with Charles Dewey Day in Montreal and was called to the bar in 1836. He set up practice in Montreal and defended a number of persons involved in the Lower Canada Rebellion. Drummond, a supporter of Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine, was elected to the Legislative Assembly for the city of Montreal in an 1844 by-election, but was defeated in the general election that followed. However, he was elected in Portneuf. In 1848, he was named Queen's Counsel and, in the same year, was elected to represent Shefford in the assembly. Drummond was a director of the Montreal City and District Savings Bank, president of the Stanstead, Shefford and Chambly Railroad and helped found the Garden River Mining Company. He was solicitor general for Canada East from 1848 to 1851, a post that was not part of the cabinet at the time. In 1851, he became attorney general for Canada East, serving until 1856. Although he had become a seigneur by marriage, he developed legislation limiting seigneurial privileges which was later amended to abolish seigneurial tenure. He was reelected in Shefford in 1858; however, when he was forced to run in a by-election for his seat after being named attorney general, he was defeated but was then elected in Lotbinière. In 1861, he was elected in Rouville; however, when he was named to the executive council as Commissioner of Public Works, he was unable to gain reelection and was forced to resign. In 1864, he was named puisne judge in the Court of Queen's Bench. He retired due to poor health in 1873.
He died in Montreal in 1882 from chronic bronchitis.

</doc>
<doc id="5932054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932054" title="Industrial Disease (song)">
Industrial Disease (song)

"Industrial Disease" is a song by the British rock band Dire Straits and written by Mark Knopfler. It appeared on their 1982 album "Love over Gold".
The song was released as a single in the US and as a rare B-side to "Private Investigations" on cassette tape in the United Kingdom. The B-side to the US "Industrial Disease" single was "Solid Rock" from the previous Dire Straits album "Making Movies".
Meaning.
The song takes a look at decline of the British manufacturing industry in the early 1980s, focusing on strikes, depression and dysfunctionality. For example, the absurdity of media-driven maladies is laid out in a segment of the song describing the narrator's visit to a doctor's office for treatment of his "Industrial Disease".
The reference to "Brewer's Droop" as a medical condition is an in-joke, referring both to the effect of alcohol on libido and to the band of the same name that Mark Knopfler played in prior to "Dire Straits".
The Fictitious Industrial Disease.
While most of the song is about the reaction of different characters to the outbreak of Industrial disease, there are still plenty of references to the actual ailment itself. None are definitive and many seem to contradict and confuse.

</doc>
<doc id="5932073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932073" title="Looking for Alibrandi (novel)">
Looking for Alibrandi (novel)

Looking for Alibrandi is the debut novel of Australian author Melina Marchetta, published in 1992. A film adaptation was made in 2000.
Film adaptation.
"Looking for Alibrandi" (2000) starred Pia Miranda as Josephine Alibrandi, Anthony LaPaglia as her father, Michael Andretti, and Kick Gurry as her boyfriend, Jacob Coote. Melina Marchetta wrote the screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="5932077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932077" title="Jolt Online Gaming">
Jolt Online Gaming

Jolt Online Gaming was an online gaming company hosted in Ireland. Its main site provided news, reviews, and interviews concerning upcoming games on consoles and computers, while its gaming network Jolt Online Gaming Network hosted and published free-to-play browser based games. Notable works included "Utopia", "Utopia Kingdoms", "Legends of Zork", and "NationStates 2".
As of March 14, 2012 Jolt's CEO Richard Barnwell announced through the Utopia Kingdom's forum that the company would be closing in the next couple of days:
History.
Founded in 1999, Jolt Online Gaming was based in Europe, with servers across the USA. Jolt was known as one of the pioneers of the supply of rentable servers to online gaming clans. Jolt was acquired by OMAC Industries, a company based in Dublin, Ireland in June 2008. On November 8, 2009 the website Silicon Republic confirmed that Gamestop had acquired a stake in Jolt, making a major, undisclosed investment.
The Jolt Online Gaming Network had been noted for releasing browser-based games using the names and fictional worlds of older games or franchises. Their business models often employed micropayment systems, as well as basic banner advertisements.
Hosted Games.
Championship Manager: Rivals.
"Championship Manager: Rivals" is a football (soccer) game playable through the Facebook website. It was officially released on Wednesday, June 1, 2011 by Jolt Online and developed by Beautiful Game Studios.
The game is the most successful game that Jolt currently has, with a user base of 30,000 MAU (Monthly Active Users). Jolt announced updates including player vs. player gaming, which would allow friend's teams to play against each other.
With the recent changes the company is experiencing (as of March 16, 2012), the future of "Championship Manager: Rivals" is unknown. The game's forum is down [http://cmrivals-forums.joltonline.com/forum.php] and the company has not specified how the company's closure will affect the game. The are no noticeable changes in-game, and no downtime reported.
Earth:2025.
"Earth: 2025" was a browser based massive multiplayer internet-based strategy game, originally created and run by Mehul Patel. It was first officially brought online in 1997 and acquired by Jolt through the 2008 sale of Swirve.com to Omac Industries.
In 2008 Jolt acquired this game along with Swirve's Utopia. On November 4, 2009, Jolt announced that they would no longer be continuing the game when the current rounds end in December, citing an over abundance of technical problems which allegedly made continuing support untenable.
Utopia.
"Utopia" is a browser based massive multiplayer internet-based strategy game, originally created and run by Swirve.com. It was first officially brought online in 1998 and acquired by Jolt through the 2008 sale of Swirve.com to Omac Industries.
In 2009 Jolt recoded the game in an effort to remedy gameplay issues that Jolt reported as being a result of hacker attacks. The new code was brought online as beta version of the game, the first since 1996. Jolt passed development and maintenance of the game to Frontsquare solutions in 2010.
Utopia Kingdoms.
"Utopia Kingdoms" is an online strategy game related to the universe of Utopia which was released in early 2009 and originally promoted as a kind of sequel. Utopia Kingdoms allows players to pick a race from the original game and build a kingdom, juggling buildings, resource manufacturing, and high-risk combat. It was made in conjunction with XS Software and is based on their game, Khan Wars. On 16 November 2010 Jolt announced that Utopia Kingdoms would be discontinued after the 31st of January 2011, citing lack of development resources. Around the same time, Jolt Online who had already been developing a re-release of Utopia Kingdoms game on Facebook, announced it officially on November 11, 2010 in the game's Facebook page. The original official forum announcement was lost due to data failure on or around December 21, 2010, the forum announced a second "welcome" to current Utopia Kingdoms players on December 22, 2010. Which was thought to be the "official" release of the game, although it wasn't.
Jolt Online's CEO Richard Barnwell communicated that the company's closure will not affect Utopia Kingdoms:
The game currently has a user base of 8,000 MAU (Monthly Active Users).
Legends of Zork.
"Legends of Zork" was a casual adventure game that was released in April 2009 that took place in the Zork universe, a text-based adventure game created in the 1980s for the PC. It was released on April Fool's Day, 2009, to mixed reviews, with some saying that it had little to do with the original Zork. Other, more recent reviews of the game were more positive, describing later features added to the game "with puzzles that would make the original Zork developers proud." Finally on May 24, 2011, two years and one month after its release; Jolt Online announced the game closure to players in-game.
Hattrick.
"Hattrick", a Swedish-based sports game, agreed to allow Jolt to host their game and make it available to more countries including the U.S., U.K., Ireland, and Australia.
Trukz.
"Trukz" was a text-based game that allowed the player to create a truck driver and simulate the multitude of struggles cargo truck drivers endure on the road, the goal being upgrading their vehicle with commissions earned from the shipping and earning achievements for playing. The game used Google Maps to point out cities they visited or pass on their drives. On 16 November 2010 Jolt announced that Trukz would be discontinued after the 31st of January 2011, citing lack of development resources.
Playboy Party.
"Playboy Party" was a short lived online game released on Facebook around November 30, 2010. The game was released after Jolt failed to launch the long promised "Playboy Manager" game that they had planned in conjunction with Playboy since 2009. The game consisted in the player being a talent agent managing supermodels in an attempt to beat other agents to a prized spot as a Playboy supermodel. It was announced in May 2009 and garnered media coverage from well-known publications such as The Wall Street Journal and Forbes. The original "Playboy Manager" website contained the options to pre-register, beta sign-ups and subscription to updates, as well as promotional content. The "Playboy Party" game in Facebook was poorly managed, requiring a reset that made players start from scratch on March 31, 2011. It was closed six months later on September 12, 2011.
NationStates 2.
"NationStates 2" was an unauthorized sequel to the popular society simulation game "". NationStates 2 was unpopular next to its predecessor, suffering from technical issues and was later discontinued. After it was taken down, the owner of NationStates, author Max Barry reclaimed the domain and encouraged users to return or try the original version which was "now proudly Jolt-free".

</doc>
<doc id="5932084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932084" title="Peel Sessions (The Smashing Pumpkins EP)">
Peel Sessions (The Smashing Pumpkins EP)

Peel Sessions is an EP by The Smashing Pumpkins, released in 1992. It consists of three songs recorded live on September 8, 1991 for John Peel's Radio 1 show. These recordings later appeared on "Rarities and B-Sides". The songs, minus "Smiley", were also included in the deluxe reissue of "Gish".
Track listing.
Notes.
†"Girl Named Sandoz" is a reference to Sandoz Laboratories, where LSD was invented. It was originally performed by The Animals, and later appeared on "Pisces Iscariot".

</doc>
<doc id="5932089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932089" title="Grand Duo (Schubert)">
Grand Duo (Schubert)

The Sonata in C major by Franz Schubert, D 812 (Op. posth. 140), for piano four-hands (two players at one piano), is one of Schubert's most important works for two pianists.
History.
Schubert wrote this work in the spring of 1824 while at Zseliz on the Esterházy estate, probably for the two countesses he was tutoring at the time.
At the time this work was written Schubert was too ill to play piano. He complained of pain in his bones and his left arm, headaches, and lesions in his mouth and throat. In a letter to his brother Ferdinand he described his illness as "a period of fateful recognition of a miserable reality, which I endeavour to beautify as far as possible by my imagination."
The sonata was published after Schubert's death, in 1837, when it was printed with the title 'Grand Duo' – by which it is still popularly known, though there is no evidence that this was Schubert's title.
Structure and Analysis.
There are four movements:
This is a mature and characteristic work by Schubert on the largest scale. The structures of the movements closely resemble those of a symphony and some passages appear to reproduce orchestral effects (though both these observations might apply to some of Schubert's solo piano sonatas). Thus in addition to its intrinsic qualities and interest the "Grand Duo" was soon believed by some authorities, including Robert Schumann, to be a transcription or draft of the missing so-called "Gastein Symphony" that Schubert was thought to have written in 1824. (It is only since the 1970s that it has been proved conclusively that there was no such work.) As a result, there have been a number of orchestral realizations of the Sonata as a symphony. The best known is by Joseph Joachim (1855), which was conducted by Brahms several times in the 1870s and later recorded by Arturo Toscanini. Other completions are by Anthony Collins (1939), Marius Flothuis (1940–42), Karl Salomon (1946), Fritz Oeser (1948), René Leibowitz (c.1965), Felix Weingartner, and most recently Raymond Leppard. Joachim altered the tempo of the finale to "Allegro moderato".
The finale, like that of the B-flat sonata for solo piano (D. 960) from the composer's last year, opens deceptively in the wrong key, in this case, the relative minor, A minor (in the later solo sonata, after a unison G, the melody opens in the supertonic, C minor). In both cases, however, the harmonic deception is almost immediately 'corrected' by shifting to the main key.
A typical performance takes about 40 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="5932104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932104" title="Fergal Byron">
Fergal Byron

Fergal Byron is a former Gaelic footballer for Laois.
A goalkeeper, he won a Leinster Senior Football Championship medal with Laois in 2003 and picked up an All-Star award in the same year. He also won a Leinster Under 21 Football medal as a corner back with Laois in 1994.
In 2005, he won an Interprovincial Championship medal with his province Leinster.
In November 2007, he announced his retirement from the inter county game.

</doc>
<doc id="5932107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932107" title="Ulmus davidiana">
Ulmus davidiana

Ulmus davidiana Planch., the David elm, is a small deciduous tree widely distributed across China, Mongolia, Korea, Siberia, and Japan, where it is found in wetlands along streams at elevations of 2000 m to 2300 m (6,500 to 7,500 ft). The tree was first described in 1873 from the hills north of Beijing, China.
Classification.
Two varieties of "Ulmus davidiana" are recognized: var. "davidiana" L.K.Fu, occurring only in China, and var. "japonica" Rehder, the more widely ranging Japanese Elm.
Description.
"Ulmus davidiana" is considered to have a remarkable resemblance to the American elm ("U. americana") in all but ultimate size. The tree grows to a maximum height of 15 m (50 ft), with a relatively slender trunk < 0.3 m (1 ft) d.b.h. supporting a dense canopy casting a heavy shade. Its bark is longitudinally fissured. The leaves are obovate to obovate-elliptic < 10 cm (4 in) × < 5 cm (2 in), with a rough upper surface, often dark red on emergence. The perfect, wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots in March, followed by obovate samaras < 19 mm (3/4 in) long × < 14 mm (1/2 in) wide.
Pests and diseases.
Evaluated with other Chinese elms at the Morton Arboretum in Illinois, the tree was found to have a good resistance to Dutch elm disease (DED) [http://www.for.nau.edu/hbelm/elm_map.htm. In the "Butterfly Conservation" trials in the UK, trees grown from seed obtained in Liaoning, China, by the Morton Arboretum were damaged by DED when only 6 years old and < 4 m (31 ft) high, but survived. [http://www.for.nau.edu/hbelm/elm_map.htm
Cultivation.
"Ulmus davidiana" is only rarely cultivated in the West, being unsuited to all but very sheltered, humid conditions, and is intolerant of ponding. In trials conducted by "Butterfly Conservation" at Great Fontley Farm, Fareham, England, specimens often grew too rapidly in the comparatively benign conditions, the narrow stem unable to bear the weight of the burgeoning crown, leaving the tree arching to the ground ("Pruning can help the plant result in a more structurally stable branching pattern" ). 
The same trees commenced flowering when aged nine years, in mid-March. 
There are no known cultivars of this taxon, nor is it known to be in commerce beyond the USA.
Recent testing at The Ohio State University.
The David Elm has shown some promise as a result of recent testing at the Ohio State University (OSU) in Ohio. At OSU, the plants were cultivated in copper-lined pots and planted in a wide lawn under a powerline and in small home lawns. The tree's performance has been mixed, but shows potential. Some specimens did extremely well, while others struggled. The tree seems to perform well on disturbed sites, in calcifereous (alkaline) soils, and also seems to have a better tolerance for wet soil than the literature has indicated. A number of strong saplings were cultivated that show promise. Some saplings underwent judicious pruning early on to maximize structural stability of the plant, and blue-colored tree shelters were used on some plants until the stem reached a diameter of between 25 mm to 37 mm.
Additional observation shows that at least 50% of emerging leaves on the trees survived a hard freeze that lasted 5 days during April 2007. Leaves were approximately 70% emerged when temperatures fell to −6°C (21°F). Temperatures fell below freezing for 5 days (April 4–8, 2007).
Notable trees.
The UK TROBI Champion is a relatively young tree at White House Farm, Ivy Hatch, Kent, measuring 5 m high by 17 cm d.b.h. in 2009. 
Etymology.
The tree is named for Father Armand David, the French missionary and naturalist who introduced the tree to France in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5932110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932110" title="Institute of Road Transport Engineers">
Institute of Road Transport Engineers

IRTE, the Institute of Road Transport Engineers, is a UK organisation
founded in 1944 as a Professional Sector of the Society of Operations Engineers (SOE). IRTE publishes the monthly magazine "Transport Engineer", as well as a wide range of technical guides. IRTE is a partner in the CV Show, a commercial vehicle exhibition. 
The Irtec license is a professional certification for auto technicians in the U.K. Established in 2002, the Irtec licence is a voluntary scheme that assesses the competence of automotive technicians who maintain and repair vehicles in the following 4 classes; Heavy Goods Vehicle (above 7.5t), Light Commercial Vehicle (below 7.5t), Light & Heavy Commercial Vehicle (combined) and Bus and Coach.[http://irtec.org.uk/Licences.shtml] An Irtec licence certifies the individual, rather than the employer, and can be used to demonstrate a common standard of skills from one company to the next.
The Irtec licence is offered at several benchmark levels:

</doc>
<doc id="5932111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932111" title="Jessica Amey">
Jessica Amey

Jessica Amey (born November 15, 1976 in Montréal, Quebec) is a former international butterfly swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in 25th position in the 100 m butterfly, after having won the silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay one year earlier at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships, alongside Julie Howard, Lisa Flood, and Shannon Shakespeare.
After her career on the Canadian national team, Amey attended Stanford University. She is currently a lawyer at McCarthy Tetrault LLP in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="5932118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932118" title="Willamette University College of Law">
Willamette University College of Law

Willamette University College of Law is a private law school located in Salem, Oregon, United States. Founded in 1842, Willamette University is the oldest university in the Western United States. The College of Law, which was founded in 1883 and is the oldest law school in the Pacific Northwest, has approximately 30 law professors and enrolls about 400 students, with about 150 of those of students enrolled in their first year of law school. The campus is located across the street from the Oregon State Capitol and the Oregon Supreme Court Building.
Housed in the Truman Wesley Collins Legal Center, Willamette's College of Law offers both full-time and part-time enrollment for the juris doctorate (JD) degree, joint-degree programs, and a Master of Laws (LL.M.) program. The joint-degree programs allow students to earn both a JD and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) concurrently in a four-year program, or complete a bachelor and JD in six years. Willamette Law's oldest legal journal is the "Willamette Law Review", which started in 1960 and is housed in the Oregon Civic Justice Center. The center is a community outreach center housed in a renovated library that Willamette opened in 2008.
History.
In July 1866, Willamette University's trustees formed a committee to explore the possibility of a legal department. At that time, legal education was traditionally taught as an apprenticeship in which those wishing to be lawyers would study under an existing attorney for several years before being allowed to pass the bar. Although the school did not begin a legal department in 1866, Willamette did confer a Doctor of Laws degree on Matthew P. Deady, who later helped establish the University of Oregon School of Law, Oregon’s second law school.
The College of Law was founded in 1883, and is the oldest law school in the Pacific Northwest. In April 1884, the Board of Trustees officially approved the new legal department; tuition for the two-year course was $50 per year. William Marion Ramsey served as the school's first dean. He was dean from 1883 until 1888, and led a faculty of three. The three professors were George H. Burnett, who taught contracts, commercial law, and torts; J. T. Gregg, who taught evidence and common law; and William H. Holmes, who was the instructor for admiralty and criminal law.
The school's first entering class had three students; with Charles A. Packenham as the first graduate in 1886. In addition to being the oldest law school in Oregon and the Pacific Northwest, Willamette College of Law was the 75th law school founded in the United States, and is the second oldest in the Western U.S., behind Hastings College of Law in California. From its founding until 1923, the law school was located in Waller Hall.
During the early years of the law school, enrollment fluctuated from as many as 17 graduates in 1898 to as few as zero graduates in 1903 and 1905. Dean Ramsey resigned in 1888 and was replaced by George G. Bingham, who served until 1891 when replaced by his pupil Samuel T. Richardson. Women were allowed to enroll beginning in 1892; in 1898, the first women, Olive S. England and Gabrielle Clark, graduated. The third female graduate, in 1899, was Anna Carson, who was part of the Carson legal family of Salem that includes Wallace P. Carson (1923 graduate) a state legislator and Wallace P. Carson, Jr. (1962 graduate) a state legislator and longtime chief justice of the Oregon Supreme Court.
In 1902, Dean Richardson left the school and was replaced by John W. Reynolds who served until 1907. In 1908, Charles L. McNary was appointed dean, serving until 1913, when Willamette selected future Oregon Attorney General Isaac Homer Van Winkle. Van Winkle was an alumnus of both Willamette and the law school, serving as dean until 1927.
From 1923 until 1938, the school was located in Eaton Hall. Roy R. Hewitt was dean from 1927 to 1932, followed by Roy Lockenour, who served until 1939. Willamette University College of Law was first accredited by the American Bar Association in 1938, and in 1946 it became a member of the Association of American Law Schools. In 1938 the school moved to Gatke Hall, a former United States Post Office. The law school was housed there until 1967.
During this time deans of the law school included George M. McLeod (1940–1942), Ray L. Smith (1942–1946), and Seward P. Reese (1946–1968). During World War II, enrollment declined to only five graduates between 1943 to 1945, and classes were moved to the undergraduate library as the United States Navy used the Gatke Hall. In 1946, enrollment rebounded with a total of 92 students, the largest student body of the law school up to that date.
After 1952, Willamette’s law school received a large Lady Justice statue when the Marion County Courthouse was demolished to make way for a new one. In 1959, the school started a law review, while enrollment increased to 185 by the mid-1960s. Because of the increased enrollment, the College of Law Foundation was created by the university's trustees in 1959 to explore the construction of a new facility. Willamette switched to the awarding of the Juris Doctor from the bachelor of laws, phased in beginning in 1965.
In 1967, a new $1.1 million facility, the Truman Wesley Collins Legal Center, opened in September. The College of Law moved across campus to the Collins Legal Center along with Lady Justice, a -tall, statue, which was formerly located on the roof of the Marion County Courthouse. In 1968, Arthur B. Custy became dean and served until 1971, during which time the admissions standards changed at Willamette to require a bachelor's degree and taking the Law School Admission Test. Later deans of the school include Larry K. Harvey (1971–1977) and Leroy Tornquist (1979–1987).
In 1984 the law school established the Center for Dispute Resolution, an alternative dispute resolution program. In 1992, the Collins Legal Center went through an award-winning renovation and expansion that ended with a dedication ceremony with a speech by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. In her dedication speech, O'Connor advocated for civility among those in the legal profession and for avoiding personal attacks among lawyers. In December 2005, the school's moot courtroom was used for a real civil trial after the Marion County Courthouse was damaged the previous month.
Deans of the school in recent years include David R. Kenagy (1994–1996 interim), Robert M. Ackerman (1996–1999), and Symeon Symeonides (1999 to 2011). In 2008, the school opened the Oregon Civic Justice Center to house programs including the Oregon Law Commission, the Center for Dispute Resolution, the Clinical Law Program, Center for Law and Government, and the "Willamette Law Review". The dedication ceremony featured U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and was part of the school's celebration of their 125th anniversary. Willamette admitted part-time students for the first time for Fall 2012, and added a joint degree program with Oregon State University.
Academics.
Acceptance.
The College of Law offers full-time enrollment exclusively for its JD program, with an admissions deadline of March 1 for the JD program. In 2013, the school accepted 63% of all applicants who applied to the school. Enrolled students from that entering class had Law School Admission Test (LSAT) scores in the range of 151 to 156 (25th–75th percentile) and a median score of 153. In 2007 and 2010, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked the school in their Third Tier, while in 2008 the school was ranked sixth by "The Princeton Review" in the "Most Welcoming of Older Students" category. As of 2014, Willamette was ranked as the 121st best law school by "U.S. News & World Report".
Programs.
The JD program has both a traditional three-year, full-time curriculum or a part-time day program that can take a maximum of six years. Students' initial enrollment can only begin with the fall term each year. Through a partnership between the College of Law and Willamette's Atkinson Graduate School of Management, a joint degree program is offered to students interested in earning both a JD and an MBA concurrently. The program allows students to earn both degrees in four years instead of five years if completed separately. The business portion of the program is accredited through the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, while the law portion, along with the entire law school, is accredited by the American Bar Association.
Willamette also offers two three-plus-three programs to allow students to earn both an undergraduate degree and law degree in a total of six years. Through partnerships with Willamette's College of Liberal Arts and Oregon State University, students can earn a bachelor degree in three years and a law degree in three years, amounting to a decrease of one year from the standard seven years combined to earn both a bachelor and law degree. Both JD and joint-degree students have the option of enrolling in the certificate programs, studying abroad, working at the Clinical Law Program, and taking classes from the Center for Dispute Resolution.
The Center for Dispute Resolution, founded in 1983, was one of the first in the western United States to offer coursework in the areas of arbitration, negotiation and mediation. Focusing on Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR), its program is a national model, and the center is annually recognized as one of the top ten programs in the nation. In 2006, the Dispute Resolution program was ranked 7th by U.S. News & World Report.
Willamette's College of Law also offers a Clinical Law Program that gives law students hands-on professional experience in law offices and courtrooms across the country. The program consists of two main components, the Externship Program and the Civil Practice Clinic. Both parts allow students to participate in real-life legal work.
Students have the opportunity to participate in study abroad programs in Germany, Ecuador and China. The China program began in 1984, followed by the Ecuador program in 1995, and in 2002 Germany was added.
LL.M..
The LL.M. in Transnational Law educates law students on a variety of international law topics such as international business transactions, comparative law, as well as private international law. The program also covers dispute resolution and allows students to enroll in classes at the Atkinson Graduate School of Management. LL.M. students can attend either full-time or part-time, but must complete the ten-credit-hour program within two academic years.
Certificate programs.
The law school offers five certificate programs for students in both the JD program and the joint degree program: Dispute Resolution, Law and Business, International and Comparative Law, Sustainability Law, and Law and Government. The business law, law and government, and international and comparative law certificate programs were introduced to the curriculum in 2002. These programs allow students to specialize in those areas of study and earn a certificate demonstrating that specialization.
Law journals.
The College of Law produces five publications, including three law reviews. In 1992, the "Willamette Journal of International Law and Dispute Resolution" began publication with a focus on dispute resolution and the law on the international level.
"Willamette Law Review" began in 1959, with four editions each year. This general interest legal review also sponsors an annual symposium at the school. The first journal on sports law in the Pacific Northwest was the "Willamette Sports Law Journal". The official Bluebook abbreviations used for citations are "Willamette J. Int'l L. & Disp. Resol." for the "Journal of International Law and Dispute Resolution" and "Willamette L. Rev." for the "Willamette Law Review".
Willamette's College of Law also produces "Willamette Lawyer" and Willamette Law Online. "Willamette Lawyer" is the school’s alumni magazine, published twice annually with one edition in the spring and the second in the fall. Produced primarily by students, Willamette Law Online is a subscription service that provides case summaries free to legal professionals in the Pacific Northwest.
Facilities.
Willamette’s College of Law is primarily housed in the Truman Wesley Collins Legal Center (Collins Legal Center). Students have 24-hour secure access to the 75,000+ square foot building, which was renovated in 1992. The building is located on Winter Street in Salem, just south of the Oregon State Capitol. In addition to classrooms, the building houses the law library, administrative offices, and faculty offices. The building also contains a fully functioning trial courtroom used for moot court.
Oregon Civic Justice Center.
Opened in 2008, the Oregon Civic Justice Center is one block north of the Collins Legal Center. Built within Salem's 1912 Carnegie library building, the school remodeled the structure at a cost of $4 million. The building is home to the "Willamette Law Review"; the Oregon Law Commission; Willamette's Center for Democracy, Religion and Law; the Center for Dispute Resolution; the law school's clinical program; and the Center for Law and Government. These programs were chosen due to their community outreach programs, as the school plans to create a community atmosphere between students, faculty, and the general community.
Library.
The J. W. Long Law Library has 296,000 volumes and microform equivalents, which include both state and federal primary law sources, as well as treatises, periodicals and other secondary legal sources. The three-story structure is attached to the Collins Legal Center and contains study rooms, video rooms, conference rooms, computer labs, and is staffed by reference librarians. Additionally, it has special collections in tax law, public international law, labor law, and is a Selective Federal Government Documents Depository. Members of the public may access the library when the library is staffed by librarians, while students and faculty have 24-hour access to the library. Law students also have access to Willamette University's Mark O. Hatfield Library, the Oregon Supreme Court Law Library, the Oregon State Library, and the Oregon State Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="5932129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932129" title="Lucia Mar Unified School District">
Lucia Mar Unified School District

The Lucia Mar Unified School District is the largest school district in San Luis Obispo County, with about 10,900 students. It covers at the southern end of the county, from Shell Beach (at the north end of Pismo Beach) to the county line at the Santa Maria River. This territory encompasses the communities of Shell Beach, Pismo Beach, Grover Beach, Arroyo Grande, Oceano, Halcyon, and Nipomo.
The district has been busy with growth and new construction. Two brand new schools have been built in Nipomo: Nipomo High School in 2002, and Dorothea Lange Elementary in 2006. A few years earlier, the Lopez continuation high school moved to a brand new campus on the Nipomo Mesa. And Arroyo Grande High School is undergoing a major renovation with new buildings and facilities, including a new pool, tennis courts and multi-purpose room. The 'Clark Center For The Performing Arts' opened on the Arroyo Grande High School campus in 2002. It is used by all the schools in the district. A new gym was built for Mesa Middle School and a multi-purpose room with covered eating area was constructed at Paulding Middle School. All of this activity could not have happened without support from the community. Local voters passed bond measures to fund new schools and the AGHS renovation, and fund raisers to build the Clark Center were successful.
Lucia Mar is proud of the quality of its schools and educational programs. Its stated goal: 
"The mission of the Lucia Mar Unified School District is to ensure that all students acquire the knowledge, skills and attitudes essential to become productive members of society."

</doc>
<doc id="5932152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932152" title="Dejan Govedarica">
Dejan Govedarica

Dejan Govedarica (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Говедарица ; born October 2, 1969 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian former football player.
He played 3 seasons for FK Proleter Zrenjanin (1989–1992), 3 and a half seasons for FK Vojvodina (1992-February 1996), little more than season and a half for FC Volendam (February 1996-September 1997), U.S. Lecce in Italy, RKC Waalwijk, and NEC Nijmegen in the Netherlands.
He played 29 matches and scored twice for the Yugoslavia national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and Euro 2000.
After retiring, he became a member of the Miroslav Đukić coaching staff of the Serbian under-21 team that finished second in the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5932166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932166" title="Mikko Sirén">
Mikko Sirén

Mikko Sirén is the drummer for Finnish bands Apocalyptica and Megaphone. In 2013 he replaced Joe Letz as drummer of Emigrate. He became part of Apocalyptica's live shows in 2003 but only became a full-time member in 2005 after over 200 concerts and a recorded album. 
Mikko has a degree in Jazz music.
In 2009 Mikko recorded the drums for Elias Viljanen on his third album, Fire-Hearted. He also, along with bandmate Perttu Kivilaakso, composed music for the video game .

</doc>
<doc id="5932169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932169" title="DataFlash">
DataFlash

DataFlash is a low pin-count serial interface for flash memory. 
It was developed as an Atmel proprietary interface, compatible with the SPI standard. In October 2012, the AT45 series DataFlash product lines, related intellectual property, and supporting employee teams were purchased by Adesto Technologies.
Information is written and read from a DataFlash device using any microcontroller, such as the Atmel AVR, the Microchip PIC or the ARM. The boot ROM of numerous Atmel ARM microcontrollers support downloading code from DataFlash chips after reset.
Examples.
The AT45DB161D Integrated circuit (chip) is an example of a 2 MB (16 Mbit) dataflash product. This comes in a 8x5 mm SOIC 8-pin package. This chip is used in a huge number of consumer electronic products. Any microcontroller can use this chip to store data.
The AT45DCB008D card is an 8 MB (64 Mbit) flash memory card, which could be mistaken for an MMC or SD card. This DataFlash card packages an AT45DB642D flash chip, which is also available in 8x6 mm CASON 8-pin packages.
The AT26 series DataFlash chips are software-incompatible with the original AT45 series chips. They use a simpler command set, supported by other vendors of serial flash but omitting SRAM buffers and other features that make AT45 chips simpler to support.
Comparisons.
Both DataFlash and EEPROM chips can be accessed from a microcontroller, using a 4-wire Serial Peripheral Interface Bus (SPI bus). Both are available in small 8 pin packages. The protocol interfaces are very similar; in both cases, bytes are written or read, via SPI, one or more bytes at a time. 
DataFlash usually had higher capacities than EEPROM in the early days, and it still provides faster access times. DataFlash capacities in small packages range from 128 kB to 8 MB, while SPI EEPROM capacities in similar packages range from 1 kB to 8 MB .
Flash chips are tuned for page access, rather than the byte access used with EEPROM.
However, AT45 series chips have commands that let their drivers act more like EEPROM drivers.
Leveraging the SRAM buffers exposed by AT45 chips to do more than support EEPROM-like access requires specialized software.
DataFlash cards are more expensive than the consumer oriented MMC or SD cards, and have lower capacities, but have an extremely simple programming interface compared to MMC/SD. All these cards can be used in SPI mode.
In summary, DataFlash enables use of more data storage and faster access times than EEPROM. DataFlash chips can leverage the AT45 SRAM buffers. EEPROMs, AT26 series chips, or MMC/SD cards permit use of second sources for parts.
For cards used in field upgrades, DataFlash cards permit simple software support and compatibility with on-board flash chips; MMC/SD costs less.
The programming code required to interface EEPROM to the DataFlash chip is simpler.
Programming.
Examples of source code in the C programming language are available for operating systems such as BeRTOS, and eCos.

</doc>
<doc id="5932175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932175" title="Fundamental structure">
Fundamental structure

In Schenkerian analysis, the fundamental structure () describes the structure of a tonal work as it occurs at the most remote (or "background") level and in the most abstract form. A basic elaboration of the tonic triad, it consists of the fundamental line accompanied by the bass arpeggiation. Hence the fundamental structure, like the fundamental line itself, takes one of three forms, according to which tonic triad pitch is the primary tone. The following is an example in C major, with the fundamental line descending from scale degree :
Fundamental line.
The fundamental line () is the melodic aspect of the Fundamental structure ("Ursatz"), "a stepwise descent from one of the triad notes to the tonic" with the bass arpeggiation being the harmonic aspect. The fundamental line fills in the spaces created by the descending arpeggiation of the tonic triad. Its first tone (primary tone, head tone) may be , or .
Lines from are rare; some Schenkerians consider them impossible. There appears to exist a tendency, in modern Schenkerian analyses, to prefer lines from .
Bass arpeggiation and the upper-fifth divider.
In the case of the Ursatz, the upper-fifth divider is in the service of in the Urlinie. Together, they may form the germ of a dominant chord at a later level.
Terminology.
The translation of "Ursatz" as "fundamental structure" and of "Urlinie" as "fundamental line"" has been questioned. The translators of "Das Meisterwerk in der Musik" and "Der Tonwille" and those of the project "Schenker Documents Online" have chosen to retain the German original terms in their translations. "
Adele T. Katz, one of the first commentators of Schenker in the United States, may be responsible for the choice of "structure" as a translation for "Satz". She defined in 1935 the "Ursatz" as "the elemental structure out of which the composition evolves." In 1945, she opposed the ""harmonic" and "structural" chords" to the ""contrapuntal" and "prolonging" chords" and she translated "Urlinie" as "the structural top voice". These expressions were taken over by Felix Salzer, who apparently was the first to speak of "fundamental structure".
While "structure" may seem acceptable as a translation of "Satz" in this context, by want of anything better, that of "Ur-" as "fundamental" is much less. As Stephen Peles puts it,
In other disciplines, "Ur-" usually is translated as "primal", as in Goethe's "Urpflanze", the "primal plant", or in "Urdenken" ("primal thinking", Schopenhauer), "Urbild" or "Urform" ("primal image", "primal form", "archetype"), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5932180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932180" title="Lisa Flood">
Lisa Flood

Lisa Flood (born August 1, 1971 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a former international breaststroke swimmer from Canada, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. There she finished in fourteenth position in the 200m Breaststroke.
Four years later in Atlanta, Georgia, Flood ended up in tenth place in the 100m Breaststroke, after having won the silver medal in the 4x100m Medley one year earlier at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro, alongside Julie Howard, Jessica Amey, and Shannon Shakespeare.

</doc>
<doc id="5932201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932201" title="Miroslav Stević">
Miroslav Stević

Miroslav Stević (born 7 January 1970 in Ljubovija) is a retired Serbian football player. He played in the defensive midfielder position.
Playing career.
Club.
Stević started his career in FK Bratstvo Bratunac then he played for FK Partizan and FK Rad in his home country. He also played in Switzerland, Germany and Turkey.
International.
He played 6 times for Yugoslavia national football team. Has played for the Yugoslavia national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Post-playing career.
After being a player agent for a while, on 2 February 2009, Stević was named as new Director of Sport of TSV 1860 München.
Private.
He is divorced and has a girlfriend.

</doc>
<doc id="5932210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932210" title="You Give Me Something">
You Give Me Something

"You Give Me Something" is the first single by English singer James Morrison, which was released on 16 July 2006. The song is featured on his debut album, "Undiscovered", which was released on 31 July 2006. The song has been nominated for a BRIT Award in the category Best British Single Shortlist in 2007. It was a Single of the Week and was a free download for a week on iTunes.
This song was #100 on "MTV Asia"'s list of Top 100 Hits of 2007. As of December 2006 "You Give Me Something" is also used in an FX Network commercial, promoting their slogan "There Is No Box". In February 2007, the music was re-release in the US radio.
The song was used in the final episode of series 5 of "Doctor Who", in the wedding scene of Amy Pond and Rory Williams, and TV series, "Ugly Betty". It was also included in the Brazilian soap opera "Paraíso Tropical", produced by Rede Globo.
Track listing.
When James Morrison was in New Zealand, and appeared on the "New Zealand Idol" show, the two finalists asked Morrison what the meaning behind the song was, and Morrison said that it was intended to be a "harsh love song". The lyrics mean that the protagonist of the song does not love the person as much as she loves him, but is willing to give the relationship a try.
Music video.
The music video takes place in a studio where Morrison is seated in a chair, surrounded by microphones while singing and playing guitar. His backing orchestra plays behind curtains that show only their shadows. Watching him are a woman with a lollipop, a group of jump rope girls, and a group of showgirls.
A second version of the video was released in early 2007. It features Morrison performing the song for pedestrians in New York City's Chinatown. It was filmed on the corner of Lafayette Street and Canal Street. A New York University bus is briefly visible in the background. [http://www.jamesmorrison-us.com/]
Chart performance.
"You Give Me Something" remains James Morrison's most popular single. The song peaked at #5 on the UK Singles Chart, giving him his first Top 10 hit. It also made number one on the RIANZ New Zealand Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5932212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932212" title="Penycae">
Penycae

Penycae is a village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales 
History.
The village was part of the ancient parish of Ruabon and the district was known as "Dynhinlle Uchaf" (but also known as "Y Dref Fechan" or "Cristionydd Fechan").
The new parish of Penycae was formed 1879, from parts of the existing parishes of Ruabon, Rhosllannerchrugog and Rhosymedre. The parish church of St. Thomas had been consecrated in 1878. However, most of the population of the parish were nonconformists and attended the Baptist chapels of Salem and Sion in Groes; the Calvinistic Methodist chapels in Groes and Tainant; the Wesleyan chapel of Soar in Stryt Issa; or the Primitive Methodist chapel in Copperas.
Industry/employment.
Coal was extracted from pits at Plas Bennion, Wynn Hall, Afon Eitha, Cristionydd, Groes and Plas Isaf. Zinc was worked at Copperas.
Most inhabitants find employment outside the village in Wrexham with only a few local shops or public buildings providing jobs. 
"Dee Valley Water" operates two reservoirs in Penycae: "Penycae Upper" and "Penycae Lower".
Transport.
Wright & Son, ran a bus service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and later via Ponciau also. When the bus industry was de-regulated in 1986 there was fierce competition between Wright's and the much larger Crosville company. Wrights', the last surviving independent local company, ceased operations in 1993 leaving Crosville as the sole service provider in the Wrexham area.

</doc>
<doc id="5932224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932224" title="Leandro Montemayor">
Leandro Montemayor

Leandro Montemayor is a fictional President of the Philippines in the hit Philippine television drama series, "Kung Mawawala Ka" (When You're Gone) played by actor Eddie Garcia.
Biography.
Personal life.
Montemayor was born and raised in the fictional province of San Dionisio, he married Iluminada (played by Liza Lorena), the daughter of a wealthy and prominent political family in the province for his future ambitions, to whom he has three children namely Ernestina (played by Princess Punzalan), Alberto (played by Raymond Bagatsing) and Paloma (played by Alessandra de Rossi). Leandro also has two other families, Czarina (played by Gloria Diaz), the original mistress and mother to Amanda (played by Sharmaine Arnaiz) and Lucinda (played by Ara Mina). And finally, Alicia (played by Hilda Koronel), the love of Leandro's life and mother to Rosa Camilla (played by Sunshine Dizon), Leandro's favorite daughter.
The story begins with the failed murder attempt on the governor's life and consequently makes the three women and all their children suspects in the investigation. This crime mystery angle provides the backdrop to the love story of Rosa Camilla and Carlito (played by Cogie Domingo), the son of Leandro's political rival, Congressman Carlos Valiente.
Early Political Life.
Leandro started as a Mayor of a town in the fictional province of San Dionisio, then Governor of the Province of San Dionisio with the massive political machinery and influence of his wife's family, he started a dynasty in which he became rivals with Congressman Carlos Valiente. But a tragic event came to Leandro, when the Valientes were killed in an ambush that blamed to Montemayor, that led to massive demonstrations and riots against Montemayor by supporters of the Valientes, that led to a case against him of murder. He was tried and found not guilty of the charges and in an ending twist of the case, it was discovered that Leandro's son, Alberto ordered the ambush.
After the victory in court, Leandro attained national popularity that led to his decision to run as a Senator of the Philippines. His popular slogan when campaigning for the Senate was ""Ngayon sa Senado, Bukas sa Malacañang!"" (Today, the Senate, and Tomorrow, Malacañang) pertaining the official residence of the President of the Philippines, the Malacañan Palace, hinting a run to the Presidency in the near future. But another crisis emerged from his family when his position as Governor will have to be vacated because of his Senate run. Two emerged as potential successors to Leandro, Amanda, Leandro's Chief of Staff and his daughter-lawyer who helped him win his cases in court and his legal wife, Iluminada, who told Leandro of her intention to run, giving credence to her family connections in politics. Initially, Leandro did not choose from the two, he originally chose his third wife, Alicia, whom he described as the one people love. But Alicia did not accept Leandro's invitation to run. Leandro endorses Iluminada to run as Governor of San Dionisio against Justice Romina Salgado (played by Armida Siguion Reyna), Valiente's mother-in-law. In the end of the elections, Leandro won a seat in the Senate and Iluminada was defeated by Romina.
Senate Years.
During his Senate years, his Alzheimer's disease started to develop, leading to his loss of certain memories regarding events and even suffered blurred vision known only to his personal secretary and legislative adviser.
Presidency.
He ran as president against Tomas Locsin (played by Eddie Gutierrez), a billionaire businessman who became Czarina's (Leandro's first mistress) husband, but when Leandro won the presidency, Locsin plotted a coup against Montemayor along with some generals in the Armed Forces of the Philippines months after he became President. With Locsin's money and the support of certain elements of the military, Montemayor was toppled. During his campaign for the presidency and even during his presidency, he kept his disease from the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5932241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932241" title="Vyacheslav Rybakov">
Vyacheslav Rybakov

Vyacheslav Rybakov (; born January 1954 in Leningrad) is a well known Soviet and Russian science fiction author and an orientalist, interested in the medieval bureaucracy of China. He received a 1987 Governmental Award of the RSFSR for writing the screenplay for the film "Dead Man's Letters".
Science fiction.
Among Rybakov's works were first published and include the prize-winning novels: "Fireplace on a Tower" ("Ochag na bashne", 1990), and "Gravilyot Tsesarevitch" (1993) which depicts an alternative world featuring a Russian Empire in which communism is merely a religion, and our world is just an insane scientific experiment.
His "Death of Ivan Ilyich" (1997) reveals the inner world of a contemporary person in a moment before his death.
The novel "Na budushchiy god v Moskve" ("In the adjacent year in Moscow", 2003) explores a Russia torn apart into small, poor countries, ruled by those idealists of the late Soviet Union who sincerely hated totalitarianism but didn't notice any good features of the nation, ruined the whole system of government and survived with help of the West. In the story space is ruled by Darths and Vaders, and a Russian rocket scientist Ivan Obiwankin attempts to resurrect his people's feelings of nationalism by launching his own space ship.
Rybakov preaches equality of cultures and states that cultures are often based on restrictions, and that simply removing the restrictions as anti-democratic may ruin the culture. Rybakov's novel also examines the Russian mentality, criticizing its tendency to understand and agree with the positions of others as an inappropriate way to deal with the encroaching Western civilization. He argues that all living civilizations are unique, and that in the future it may become essential to save some other civilization from stagnation, because a world ruled by only one civilization has no future.
He shows through an example of the ruined family of the main character Alexey that, 
"the surest way for you to cease being esteemed and appreciated... even just loved... is to implicitly cede something essential and principal."
Vyacheslav Rybakov and Igor Alimov were also the authors of "There are no bad people." The works was originally attributed to Holm van Zaichik but was later proved to be a hoax.[http://context.themoscowtimes.com/stories/2005/07/29/105.html] The series tells the story of the world of the Orduss, a fictional country with a humane and rich culture, that unifies lands of China, Russia and the Near East.

</doc>
<doc id="5932248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932248" title="Slobodan Santrač">
Slobodan Santrač

Slobodan Santrač (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Сантрач; born 1 July 1946 in Koceljeva) is a retired Serbian football player and manager.
He has the record for most goals in the Yugoslav First Division, having scored a total of 218 goals during his career with OFK Beograd, Gradanski and FK Partizan.
He played for the Yugoslavia national football team (8 matches/1 goal).
He coached FR Yugoslavia from 1994 to 1998 and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, as well as coaching Macedonia in 2005.
He has spent his coaching career in China since his appointment as head coach of Shandong Luneng in 1999. He was awarded the Coach of the year by Chinese Football Association in his first year with the team. He managed Chinese Super League side Changsha Ginde, Qingdao Jonoon, Shaanxi Renhe.

</doc>
<doc id="5932250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932250" title="Ragan">
Ragan

Ragan can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932264" title="Mar Ivanios College">
Mar Ivanios College

Mar Ivanios College is an educational institutuion situated in Trivandrum, the capital city of Kerala, India. The college is located on a small scenic hilltop with a sprawling campus area of hundreds of acres in Bethany Hills, Nalanchira, Thiruvananthapuram.
The motto of the college is ‘Veritas Vos Liberabit’ which means ‘Truth shall Liberate You’.
The alumni association AMICOS (Association of Mar Ivanios College Old Students) has chapters in different countries.
History.
The College was founded in 1949 as an affiliated college of the then University of Travancore, later on under the Kerala University. The college is the dream child of the Late Archbishop Servant of God Mar Ivanios of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.
Courses.
Mar Ivanios College offers 10 degree courses and 7 post-graduate courses. The Departments of Zoology, Chemistry and Physics are recognized research centres. It also offers facilities for an Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) centre and an International Development Enterprises (IDE) centre.
Degree Courses
Post Graduate Courses
Student life.
Debates, music, dance, sports, games, social work and other cultural programmes are at Mar Ivanios campus.
Alumni association: AMICOS.
The alumni association AMICOS aims at establishing and maintaining close contact and friendship with all those who leave the college after their studies. Old students are enrolled as members and are informed of college activities, progress and achievements. They are invited to an annual get-together at the college. The executive committee elected annually is responsible for the functioning of the association. 
AMICOS has a wing known as AMIFOM (AMICOS Friends of Music), with the objective of promoting the musical talents of former and present students of Mar Ivanios College
The award instituted by AMICOS, in memory of the first principal and patron of AMICOS, has been given to the following persons: Dr. S. Jones (1996), Shri. Viswanathan (1997), Padmabhushan Dr. V. Kurian (1998), Padmabhushan K. M. Mathew (1999), Prof. S. Guptan Nair (2000) Padmavibhushan Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer (2001), Padma Bhushan Dr. M. S. Valiathan (2002), Dr. Vinod Thomas (director general operations, World Bank) (2003), Padmabhushan Dr. G. Madhavan Nair, chairman, ISRO (2005), Kamala Surayya (2007), Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="5932272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932272" title="Loughborough College">
Loughborough College

Loughborough College is a General Further Education College located in Leicestershire, England which offers a range of courses including Further Education, Higher Education, Apprenticeships and Professional Qualifications.
The College has over 11,000 students and over 900 staff.
Loughborough College: A History.
In 1909-1910 there were 483 enrolled students for the inaugural academic year. They were able to study Building, Engineering and Science courses, Commercial and Domestic subjects and Art/Art Teaching qualifications.
The original College site was partially demolished in 1982 to make way for Loughborough’s Sainsbury’s shopping centre.
In its early years, Loughborough College built an excellent reputation for its engineering provision with innovative courses such as the 5-year Mechanical Engineering which led to the prestigious Diploma of Loughborough College (DLC). This reputation has been enhanced and sustained to the present day – Loughborough College is JTL’s preferred training provider for both Engineering and Electrical Installation.
Loughborough has long been associated with sport. This association was instigated by Principal of Loughborough Technical College Herbert Schofield, who in 1918 convinced the county to acquire 14 acres of land for sports pitches and facilities. Despite not being a University, Loughborough Technical College sports teams were admitted to the Universities Athletics Union and excelled in competition. The land is now part of the Loughborough University Campus playing fields.
Principals of Loughborough College: Charles Laws (1909-1915), Herbert Schofield (1915-1950), Major-General W.F. Hasted (1951-1952), G.J.D. Schumach (1952-1953), Dan Lysaght (1953-1960), Dr. Fred Lester (1961-1975), Donald Hutchings(1976-1988), Harold Wilkinson (1988-1993), Jim Mutton (1993-2012), Esme Winch (2012–present)
The College Today.
Further Education Courses.
Loughborough College offers Further Education courses across a number of different subject areas including Beauty, Childcare, Creative Industries & Computing, Electrical Installation, Engineering, Hairdressing, Hospitality & Catering, Leisure, Travel & Aviation, Motor Vehicle, Music, Performing Arts, Public Services and Sport.
Emphasising the importance of employability, the College offers students the opportunity to gain real work experience as part of their College course. Placements are available onsite in the College’s restaurant, Fitness Studios and Hair & Beauty Salons. Students also have the option to gain experience with established local companies through the College’s links with external organisations. Courses are aimed at young adults and mature students alike.
Sixth Form.
The College’s Sixth Form offers a wide range of GCSEs and A Levels. In 2012 99% of the College’s GCSE students gained passes overall with students studying GCSEs in English Language, Maths, Biology, Science and ICT gaining a 100% pass rate. In the same year, over 98% of the College’s A Level students achieved a pass and students in 15 subjects gained 100% pass rates.
Apprenticeships.
Apprenticeships are offered to anybody over the age of 16 and not in full-time education. Loughborough College have a range of Apprenticeships at Intermediate (Level 2) Advanced (Level 3) and Higher (Level 4) levels. These courses are recommended for students who wish to gain practical skills in a working environment whilst earning a wage.
Higher Education.
Loughborough College offers a number of different university level courses in subject areas including -
Courses are delivered full-time and part-time and span a range of levels including HNCs, HNDs, Foundation Degrees and BA (Hons) and BSc (Hons) Top-Up Degrees. The College also has its own Halls of Residence allowing students to live on campus.
Professional Qualifications.
Professional qualifications are designed to help individuals boost their CV and gain valuable skills. Many of the courses are offered in association with professional bodies including the Association of Accountant Technicians (AAT), Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) and The Institute of Leadership and Management (ILM)
Courses for Businesses.
Loughborough College also has an Employer Engagement Team who work in partnership with businesses to provide training.
Higher Apprenticeship in Space Engineering.
The Science Minister David Willetts launched the first ever Higher Apprenticeship in Space Engineering at the Science and Technology Facilities Council's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory (RAL) on the 15 March 2013. Developed by Loughborough College in consultation with employers this qualification has been designed to provide the industry with highly qualified technical staff.
The space engineering sector is split into two categories known as upstream and downstream. The upstream work is focused on sending objects into space and space exploration, while downstream utilises the research and technology from upstream in a range of different applications. Downstream is currently from where the greatest growth in the sector comes from.
Facilities.
Accommodation.
The College offers on campus accommodation for both FE and HE students. Residences are situated within walking distance of both the College and the town centre. Additional facilities include a common room with Ping Pong, TV and Xbox as well as an outdoor space for picnics and BBQs.
Halls of Residence
Halls include a total of 170 single bedrooms in a purpose built complex (including a block specifically designed for under 18s). Layouts range from six person units with a shared shower, toilet and kitchen to five/six bedroom units with ensuite bathrooms and shared kitchen amenities.
Living in Homestay
Homestay is offered to students who want to live with a family in Loughborough. This kind of accommodation is valuable for students from overseas.
Elite Athlete Performance Centre
The EAPC is a restored listed building that provides a total of 17 en-suite rooms for elite sports students under the age of 18. Refurbished to allow for student living, facilities include an expansive living space, shared kitchen and free laundry amenities.
Radmoor Centre.
Adjacent to the main college building, The Radmoor Centre houses a range of sports facilities including over 50 workout stations, an indoor cycling studio, dance and aerobics areas, a fully equipped gym, a large sports hall, a 3G Astroturf Pitch, a sauna and steam room, the BOD POD and a number of athlete consultation rooms.
The Radmoor Centre also has a hair and beauty salon called ‘Elite’ which provides professional treatments. There is also a Restaurant and bar which offers dining for students and the general public. Both of these are staffed largely by students attending Loughborough College.
Radmoor Day Nursury.
The Radmoor Day Nursery offers a full day care facility for children up to school age. Situated on the College Campus, the nursery is ideal for those living and working in the area and also for those studying and working in Loughborough College.
Technology Centre.
Loughborough College Technology Centre, built in 2008, caters for Engineering, Motor Vehicle and Electrical Installation students. There are a number of classrooms and 8 large workshops equipped with a range of high-tech equipment. The main Engineering workshop is the largest of its kind in the East Midlands.
Campus Developments.
The Hub.
Loughborough College secured a funding bid for a £15m development which began construction in March 2013. It is set to provide the latest in teaching and learning as part of a new central facility for students, staff and visitors.
These developments are planned to go ahead alongside a purpose built Visual and Performance Arts Centre bringing together creative arts facilities including technology, media, art, photography, music and performing arts.
Construction is set for completion in September 2014.
Student Union (LSU).
Loughborough Students' Union is celebrated as the largest Union in the country and was recently voted world No.1 for experience in the Student Barometer Survey.
The LSU gives all learners the opportunity to join over 100 different clubs and societies.
Notable Alumni.
Loughborough College has a number of notable alumni, most of whom are known for their sporting achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="5932294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932294" title="Jovan Stanković">
Jovan Stanković

Jovan Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Cтaнкoвић; born 4 March 1971) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a left midfielder, with good crossing ability.
He spent the better part of his career with Red Star Belgrade and in Spain, most notably with Mallorca – he played a full decade in the latter country, also representing two other clubs.
Stanković represented Yugoslavia at Euro 2000.
Football career.
Stanković was born in Pirot. Amongst others he played for Red Star Belgrade, Olympique de Marseille in France and RCD Mallorca and Atlético de Madrid in Spain. 
In 1998–99's Mallorca, Stanković contributed with four goals in 36 matches and several assists, as the Balearic Islands side finished third and qualified to the UEFA Champions League.
Stanković played for the Serbia and Montenegro national football team and was a participant at the UEFA Euro 2000, for a total of ten caps. After retiring he worked as an assistant coach to former Mallorca teammate Francisco Soler, first in S.C. Beira-Mar (Portugal), then lowly CD Atlético Baleares.

</doc>
<doc id="5932298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932298" title="Louis Labrèche-Viger">
Louis Labrèche-Viger

Louis Labrèche-Viger (February 13, 1823 – April 27, 1872) was a Quebec businessman, journalist and political figure.
He was born Louis Labrèche in Terrebonne, Lower Canada in 1823 but later adopted the surname Labrèche-Viger after being assisted by Denis-Benjamin Viger in his early development. He studied law with Côme-Séraphin Cherrier and was called to the bar in 1848. He worked on "L'Avenir" and was editor of "Le Pays" in 1852. He belonged to the Institut canadien de Montréal, but later left it to help found the Institut canadien-français. In 1854, he became a partner of Ephrem Hudon in a grocery business. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Terrebonne in 1861 and 1863, supporting the parti rouge. He voted against Confederation. He retired from politics in 1867. He was involved in the development of iron mines in the Moisie River area.
He died in Montreal in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="5932344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932344" title="Ivan Dudić">
Ivan Dudić

Ivan Dudić (, born 13 February 1977 in Zemun) is a Serbian football player.
He played for several clubs, including Red Star Belgrade in Serbia and S.L. Benfica in Portugal. Currently plays for Hungarian Újpest FC.
He played for the FR Yugoslavia national football team and was a participant at the 2000 UEFA European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5932345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932345" title="Ramseur">
Ramseur

Ramseur can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932349" title="Dallas Harlequins R.F.C.">
Dallas Harlequins R.F.C.

The Dallas Harlequins Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Dallas, Texas. The Harlequins formerly played in the SuperLeague, but now play in the Texas Rugby Union Men's Division 1.
The Harlequins won the 1984 USA National Championships, and have finished in the top 3 at USA National Championships 6 times. The Harlequins are 21-time Texas RFU Champions.
History.
The Harlequins formed in 1971. The team name is a tribute to Harlequin F.C., an English club that competes in the Aviva Premiership. In 1972, the Harlequins became the first Texas RFU club to win a match against a club from outside the United States when they defeated the Baillou Club of Nassau, Bahamas. Though the Dallas Harlequins had begun using the Harlequin name upon formation, they did not become formally affiliated with Harlequins FC until 1983, marking the first time that a club from the western hemisphere had formed an official relationship with the team for whom they were named. Dallas Hosted the Mexican National 7's Side in the summer of 2008. Harlequins Dylan Carrion and Mike Ashmead both scored in this contest.
Players.
Harlequins who have played for the USA national team include Brett 'Rangi' Pedersen, David 'Motor' Care, Brett 'Rosey' Taylor, Bruce 'Monkey' Monroe, Jason Engelbrecht, Taylor Mokate, Justin Boyd, Blake Rodgers, and Bob Olsonoski. 
Harleqiuns who have represented The Western United States Rugby Territory select side include Brett Taylor, Bruce 'Monkey' Monroe, Ed 'Spyk' Gheur, Bob 'Ludo' Lutterbach, Norbert Mueller, Steve Ryan, Duane "Tiny" Watts, Bob Saunders, Phil Waterman, Bob Waterman, Mark Carrion, Johan Van Rensburg, Brian Driscoll, Jess Marshall, Jason Engelbrecht, Taylor Mokate, Justin Boyd, and Blake Rodgers. 
In addition, long standing Dallas Harlequin Bob Latham has held numerous positions in sports, including Vice Chairman and former Chairman of USA Rugby, former member of Board of Directors of US Olympic Committee, President of North America Caribbean Rugby Association, Director and former President of Dallas All Sports Association, and Vice President of Pan American Rugby Association.
Sponsorship.
One of the Harlequin's main sponsors is Crispin Cider. In addition to Crispin, Dallas Harlequins RFC has individual sponsorships. Notable primary sponsors include Plains Capital Bank. The club also has several secondary sponsorships from local and regional businesses such as Texas State Movers, which is owned by former U19 Harlequin Colts coach George Munstedt and Accede Construction, owned and operated by loyal Quins Jess and Andrew Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="5932350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932350" title="Dharmaraja College">
Dharmaraja College

Dharmaraja College (), founded in 1887 is a premier Boys' School in Kandy, Sri Lanka. It is a Buddhist school with around 175 teaching staff and around 4,500 students. The school has many renowned figures in its alumni (aka "Rajans") including William Gopallawa, A. E. Goonesinha, T.B Kehelgamuwa and others.
A land area of is owned by the school spreading over half of the Dharmaraja hill. Dharmaraja has one of the oldest and most prestigious scout troops in the world, the 1st Kandy Dharmaraja Scout Group, which was established in 1913. It is one of the first Sri Lankan schools to start playing cricket. It has consistently ranked among the first two boys schools in Sri Lanka in the preference rankings based on year 5 scholarship examinees' demand.
History (first hundred years).
Background and initiation.
Dharmaraja College, Kandy is one of the premier Buddhist schools in the country boasting a prolific history of more than 120 years since 30 June 1887. The college was named after Buddha.
Dharmaraja College, as well as the other Buddhist Schools in Sri Lanka, owes its existence to Col Henry Steel Olcott, philanthropist and the founder of the Buddhist Theosophical Society. Having read a printed version of the "Panadura Vaadaya" of 1873, a public debate between Buddhist and Christian representatives on the correctness of each belief, Col Olcott was really impressed of the teachings in Theravada Buddhism, which were in line with his vision as a theosophist. It resulted in him arriving in Sri Lanka to study more on Buddhism, and starting a branch of the Theosophical Society, first in Colombo and then in Kandy and Galle. He was ably supported by the Venerable Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera – hero of the ‘Panadura Vadaya’, the Venerable Hikkaduwe Sri Sumangala Thero, the Venerable Dodanduwe Piyarathana Thero, the Venerable Walane Sri Siddhartha Thero and the Venerable Ratmalane Dhammaloka Thero, along with Anagarika Dharmapala, Walisinghe Harischandra, and Sir D.B. Jayatilaka. 
With Sir Olcott’s initiative and guidance, the theosophists identified that a major factor for the decline of Sinhala Buddhists was the lack of proper education facilities, and the best solution was to make available educational institutes with a solid Buddhist religious background. It was under this theory that foundations were laid to the beginning of the "Buddhist Schools" in Sri Lanka, which include the likes of Dharmaraja College, Ananda College, Maliyadeva College & Mahinda College.
In 1887 Sir Olcott visited Kandy and expressed his wish to start an English-medium Buddhist School. Several Kandyan nobles were very supportive of the idea, and it was decided that the plot of land in front of the Old Palace, adjoining the Natha Devalaya was the best for building the school. But there was an obstacle in that the plot was covered by a Bo tree, held sacred by the Buddhists, which had to be felled for putting up a school building. The British Administration opposed the felling citing that it would be an action against Buddhism. Wadugodapitiya Punchirala Korale, felled and removed the tree in one night, and levelled up the plot for the building. 
It was under this pretext that in the morning of Thursday, 30 June 1887, Dharmaraja College, under the name of 'Kandy Buddhist High School', was opened. This occasion was graced by Sir Olcott and several Kandyan nobles including Dullawe Adhikaram, Wadugodapitiya Punchirala Korale, T.B. Panabokke and A.D.J. Gunawardena.
Andiris de Silva was the first principal and the only teacher of the school at that time, which had enrolled 12 students. The number of students reached the 50's and the staff increased to three under Andiris de Silva, who was an efficient leader and an accomplished teacher. Many of the local nobles supported the school by enrolling their children in, having faith in the staff and headmaster.
Initial development.
However, by 1890, the necessity of a more qualified principal emerged and The Colombo Theosophical Society appointed Sir D.B. Jayathilake as principal. The school had around 80 students by then, and Sir Jayathilake’s popularity as a leader and his multi-disciplinary fluency and knowledge boosted enrolments as well as the quality of the school. The foundations of transforming Dharmaraja from a mere educational establishment to one of the best schools in Sri Lanka were laid by Sir Jayathilake. Sir Jayathilake was appointed the deputy principal of Ananda College in 1898, and later went on to become the Governor of Ceylon.
H. Banbury succeeded Sir Jayathilake as principal and he brought forth a campaign to raise funds for a permanent school building, travelling even in remote villages collecting donations. He used the money to build a single storied building near the city premises of the school, which was later named the 'Banbury Building' in his honour. One of the most notable events during his time was officially changing the name of the school to "Dharmaraja College". Banbury left to India in 1899 to further pursue his studies.
Wilton Hack took over from Banbury, and took over the challenge of developing the school's resources. 
Later in 1899, following the retirement of Hack, C.S. Rajaratnam was appointed principal. Though he himself was not a Buddhist, he was an acclaimed scholar and continued to guide the school along Buddhist principles and attitudes, while giving more emphasis to improve the standard of the education. He won high acclaim from the Educational authorities.
Golden age.
Dharmaraja’s golden age began with the appointment of K.F. Billimoria as principal in 1902. Billimoria gave priority to shaping Dharmaraja into a strong institution which could ably compete with the other Missionary Schools at that time. He recruited many able educators as dedicated as himself towards heightening the standards of Dharmaraja, and also identified the need of developing the physical resources to match the educational achievements. The founder of the Scout Movement, Lord Baden Powell visited the 'Lake View Park International Scout Centre' of Dharmaraja College twice during this period. It is a unique distinction held by any Sri Lankan school. In 1915, a two story building was completed at the city premises, which later was named in honour of Billimoria. By 1922 Billimoria had raised enough funds to purchase the ‘Lake View Estate’, a land overlooking the Kandy Lake, and built the A and B wings of the College Hostel in 1923. The actual hostel began at the Principal’s quarters in 1921. There were several incidents of high social and literal importance occurred around Dharmaraja College during this period. Once, a Nobel Laureate in Literature, the great Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore did a dance recital at the Principal's bungalow when he visited the school in the 1920s. And the English poet D. H. Lawrence spent a holiday at "Ardnaree", the college Principal's bungalow, in 1922.
The College Scout Group began in 1914, under the patronage of Billimoria and many sports and other extra-curricular activities were encouraged. The '1st Kandy Dharmaraja Scout Group' won the coveted ""King's Flag"" for three consecutive years from 1917 to 1919. This flag was traditionally awarded to the troop in any of the British colonies that had the largest number of King's Scouts. This is an unprecedented record held by any of the Sri Lankan schools even today. The Cricket Big-Match between Dharmaraja and Kingswood also began in this time. Several world renowned figures visited Dharmaraja during his office, including Mahatma Gandhi, Lord Baden Powell and D. H. Lawrence. Billimoria served 30 years as principal. He was forced to retire in 1932, which led to the beginning of another important chapter of Dharmaraja History.
P. de S. Kularatne, who had served as the principal at Ananda College, took over duties from Billimoria in 1932 and continued the work. However, Dharmaraja was facing a financial crisis when Kularatne assumed duties, and even the Lake View premise was under threat of being sold. But Kularatne, was able to save the land and secure a home for Dharmaraja, for centuries to come. He restored the Hostel and transformed the Principal’s quarters at the city premises to classrooms and a laboratory complex, and Dharmaraja started teaching science subjects in 1933. The first academic buildings in Lake View were built around this time and a part of the students were taken there. The roads and other facilities were also developed so that Lake View transformed from a shrubbery into a property any school would be proud to own. Cadetting in Dharmaraja also began during Kularatne’s office and so did many other sports including Tennis, Swimming etc. In 1935 Dharmaraja was visited by four distinguished visitors from India; Rabindranath Tagore, Nandalal Bose, Uday Shankar and Kalki Krishnamurthy.
Beginning of second fifty years as leading school.
In 1936 Kularatne was re-appointed as the principal of Ananda, and L.H. Mettananda, who was Ananda’s principal at that time, was appointed principal of Dharmaraja. Mettananda identified the necessity of more buildings for the College and set off to build two two-storey buildings at the Lake View premises. It was funded using proceedings of the Golden Jubilee Carnival in 1937 and other fund-raising projects. Dharmaraja started its Advanced Level classes in 1940, and around this time the Secondary Section of the college was moved to Lake View, leaving only the Primary Section at the original premises. Mettananda served Dharmaraja for nearly ten years, and those would be put as an exceptionally important chapter of the college history. In 1946 he was appointed principal back at Ananda, but his service to Dharmaraja would be remembered for years to come, especially with the "Mettananda building" which now houses the College Offices and the Library.
S.A. Wijayathilake was appointed principal of Dharmaraja in November 1945, the same year that free education was established in Sri Lanka. Wijayathilake faced the challenging task of maintaining the momentum set by Mettananda and Kularatne. He added several more buildings to the school and also developed the laboratories and the library. Wijayathilake, who was a scholar of Buddhist studies and Classical Languages, emphasised on developing the literary activities of the students. Academics saw marked progress within this time, and Wijayathilake’s vision and actions assured Dharmaraja held its place as one of the best schools in the country.
Wijayathilake retired in early 1955 and was replaced by Charles Godage, who was also a patron of Arts and an acclaimed poet and writer. He identified the constant need of physical resources for the College to function smoothly, and started the Dharmaraja Development Society in 1955. Dharmaraja College had become widely popular in the country by this time. Notably, S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike started off his victorious campaign for the Parliamentary election of 1956, by an alms giving held at the Dharmaraja Primary School hall, which was known as a ""Jayabima"". In 1957, the "Kandy Education Front", which led the movement of persuading the Ceylonese government to take over assisted schools around the country, was established at the Dharmaraja Primary School hall under the Chairmanship of Sir Bennet Soysa, a distinguished Old Rajan. By 1959, the end of Godage’s office, the number of students had risen from 842 to 1276. This meant many more buildings, lab equipment and resources were necessary. Godage, along with the Development Society, added several more classrooms and laboratories, and also repaired many others. Godage, like his predecessors, gave priority to maintain a high standard in academics, and Dharmaraja’s fame only grew. Godage later left for England in 1959 for further pursuing his studies.
Becoming public school and further development.
D.B. Thewarapperuma took over the duties from Godage, and continued the progress Dharmaraja had achieved during Godage’s office. The academic results and performance in sports saw improved during this time, and in 1960 Dharmaraja, along with Ananda, was taken over by the Government, which was a result of strong campaign led by Thewarapperuma and others. This meant that further development and improvement of the school’s resources could now be done without the cost burdening the school board. Thewarapperuma retired from his post in 1961.
Colonel E.A. Perusinghe took office as principal in 1961, and this period showed a marked improvement in the number of students and the number of staff members. Examination results became very satisfactory with large numbers of students being selected to universities, and Col. Perusinghe improved the infrastructure by building more classrooms for the Middle Section, and encouraged students to express themselves through school magazines, which he believed would give the students a chance to develop their communicative and literary skills. Under Col. Perusinghe Sports, Cadetting and Scouting activities prospered, with the students achieving National and International level victories. However Col. Perusinghe did not approve Boxing as a suitable sport for a school and removed it as a sport. 
Col. Perusinghe retired in 1964 to be replaced by Colonel S.L.B. Amaranayake, who was an old boy of Dharmaraja. Col. Amaranayake completed the shrine room of the college and opened it. The academic achievements continued their positive trend under Col. Amaranayake, and extra curricular activities including cricket, football, hockey, cadetting and scouting reached very high standards. The hostel facilities too were developed and Col. Amaranayake settled the long term-problem of a water supply to the hostel. On 27 June 1965 the Kandy Municipal Council officially named the access road to the school as Dharmaraja Mawatha in recognition of the great service rendered by the school. After serving Dharmaraja for nearly six years, Col. Amaranayake retired in 1971.
D.G.B. Samarajiva took the helm of Dharmaraja from Col. Amaranayake, and was responsible for re-structuring the administration of the College. He founded the Sports Council, which gave more responsibility to the students in organising the Sports Meet, Colors Nite and other sporting events. Samarajiva also restructured the internal administration by giving more responsibility to the Sectional Heads, and distributing the responsibilities of the Principal between Deputy Principals, accommodating them office space. He assigned Teachers as in charge of all the school societies, and also developed the library facilities by assigning a staff member as librarian and reserving funds for expansion. The Commerce section got its own library and Samarajiva also recruited a library staff to provide a better service to the students. After a short but important term as principal, Samarajiva left to Mathara District as the Director of Education in 1973.
A. P. Gunarathne took over office from Samarajiva in 1973 and he gave priority to develop all aspects of the school so that Dharmaraja could live up to its name as one of the premiere schools in the island. By this time Dharmaraja showed the best academic results in the Central Province, with many students being qualified to University education. Gunarathne initiated a Career Guidance Unit in 1983, which provided assistance to school-leavers for building a successful career. In 1985, the College Computer unit was established. In 1987 Dharmaraja celebrated its centenary with a Grand Exhibition, Grand Scout jamboree by the name "Dharmaraja Centenary JIM 1987" and many other events.
Recent history (1990 – present).
1990 – 2000 period.
Last decade of 20th century was a colourful era in terms of college's achievements in education, sports and extra-curricular activities. Four principals lead Dharmaraja towards success during this period.
Development projects.
Dharmaraja auditorium was built and opened to use of students and public. Dharmaraja badminton and weightlifting/body building facilities were developed.
Educational and co-curricular activities.
Students from Dharmaraja college have performed well at examinations such as GCE O/L and GCE A/L with a number of selectees to the faculties of Medicine, Engineering and Law in local universities, each year. In addition, students from Dharmaraja College have represented Sri Lanka at international Science Olympiads. 7 out of the 15 students selected to the International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics via Sri Lankan Astronomy and Astrophysics Olympiad for years 2007, 2008 and 2009 were from Dharmaraja College. Dharmaraja College Celebrated their 110th anniversary with a grand educational exhibition in 1997.
Extra-curricular and sport activities.
Dharmaraja College Scouts were continuously selected as the best in the nation, while college cadet platoon and two bands (western and eastern) were mostly among the best three in their respective categories if not the winners at Sri Lanka national school level. The 1st Dharmaraja scout troop became the first Sri Lankan scout troop to conduct an expedition into the Himalayas, in 2007. This expedition was conducted to commemorate 100 years of Scouting, which Rajans scouts celebrated on top of the Lantang Lirung Glacier. Rajans cadets have secured Herman Loos cup, the national school championship, for several years between 1990 and 2000. All three platoons (cadets, eastern band and western band) became national runner-ups in their respective competitions in 1998. Many years, college athletic team was the champions at Kandy district and central province levels. Dharmaraja under17 athletics team was the national school champions in 1996. College soccer teams were among the best among school teams and under 19 team was the winners of the Milo Inter Schools Football tournament, the biggest soccer championship at school level, in 1998. Another sport that gave Rajans success is hokey. Dharmaraja College managed to remain national school champions for a couple years. Many old Rajan ruggerites, such as Indrajith Bandaranike and Radika Hettiarchchi, from this decade later were leading in Sri Lanka national team and local club teams (e.g. Kandy Sports Club). Badminton and Chess teams of Dharmaraja college had managed to be among the best in national school chess teams consistently. College weight lifting and power liftting team owned the national open titles and Sri Lanka weight lifting records during this time. One member of this team, old Rajan (99 A/L batch) P.K. Navindra Dayan later represented Sri Lanka at international level and won a silver medal at the 2006 South Asian Games. Boxing was restarted in Dharmaraja College and Rajan boxers won at national level and one such player who enjoyed success at school level, Gamini Kumara, later represented Sri Lanka at the South Asian Games in 1999 and won a silver medal. 
Societies at Dharmaraja were out performing many other schools during this decade. Kala Ulela (arts festival) annually organised by Dharmaraja College Arts Foundation (Sinhala: 'Kala Padanama') was founded and became a nationally recognized event. The first Klaulela was held in year 1995. The College Shastriya Sangamaya Pioneered to start this great unique event in that year. in 1996 Kala Padanama was established and the Kalaulela was given current appearance. Dancing team of Dharmaraja college had the largest number of qualified traditional dancers and college painters were consistently winning at national and international school levels. Student painters of Dharmaraja College played a major role in preservation and restoration work at Temple of the Tooth after 1998 terrorist attack under the guidance of Kingsley Gunathilake, a renowned Sri Lankan painter. Buddhist Student Society (Sinhala: Bouddha Shishya Sangamaya), the largest student body in the school, expanded their events to other schools too. Dharmaraja Interact club and Drug Prevention Units were highly active during this period. Many of the district and national level school leaders of these areas were produced by Dharmaraja College.
Recent developments.
Dharmaraja College archives was established extending the college museum in 2002 and its internet database is in operation since January 2009. 
The college ground development project is a present notable project, and the college swimming pool project, which had been underway for several years, was opened by the President of Sri Lanka, the Honorable Mahinda Rajapaksa, in January 2010.
Students.
Presently there are about 4,500 students studying in Dharmaraja College. About 1000 of them are in the primary section that consists of classes grade 1 to 5. Each of the grades have 4 classes. Middle section has 6 classes per grade with added two classes by admitting students scored highest marks in year 5 scholarship exam. Classes from grade 6 to 11 are in the middle section. To get admitted to advanced level section, students have to score sufficiently enough grades in G.C.E. Ordinary Level (O/L) Examination held island wide for students in grade 11. Certain percentage of students are admitted from other schools based on their performance in O/L exam. Usually a class in middle and promary sections occupy 30 to 40 students. There are four sections in advanced level section:
1. Arts Section (Per grade 2 classes of 30 students)
2. Bio-Science Section (Per grade 3 classes of 30 students)
3. Commerce Section (Per grade 4 classes of 30 students) 
4. Mathematics Section (Per grade 6 classes of 30 students)
Students spend two years ( in grades 12 and 13) preparing for the university entrance exam, G.C.E. Advanced Level (A/L) Examination.
Staff of teachers.
Staff of teachers of Dharmaraja College consist of about 175 qualified teachers headed by the College Principal, three Deputy Principals and an Assistant Principal. In addition, each section has a sectional head. Some staff members have undertaken additional responsibilities such as master in charge of sport teams and student societies. There are other members attached to the library, computer labs and athletic departments.
Board of prefects.
Apart from the college academic staff, a selected group of students have been given the power and authority to exercise school discipline, as required. The board of prefects wear a college crest distinctive from other students, and the color of the crest differs, depending on each category of prefects. In addition they wear the college tie when they are on their prefect duties. Prefects are selected to the board based on their academic performances, discipline, extra-curricular activity involvement, and sport achievements. To become a part of board of prefect, a student must be in grade 12 or 13, meet a strict criteria and complete a week-long extensive leadership training course. During the entire of the leadership training applicants remain in school premises and everything they do during their stay is considered in the selection process. 
Non-board prefects.
Selected set of junior students are appointed as non-board prefects to assist the staff of teachers in the middle and primary sections. They play a limited role at the capacity of a prefect and their disciplinary powers are strictly limited to the respective sections. 
Facilities.
Being a national school, Dharmaraja college is equipped with best facilities among schools. Recent mega projects with help of Sri Lankan government, old boys and well-wishers, addressed some important issues such as expansion of school grounds and building of the swimming pool.
Facilities at Dharmaraja includes;
House system.
There are 4 houses in British style which are used for sporting events:
Sports.
Sports play a dominant role in the school's regular activities,apart from the academics. The Dharmaraja–Kingswood Cricket Encounter (aka "Battle of the Maroons"),being the oldest of its sort in Kandy with a history dating back to 1893, and the annual Cross-country Marathon are much anticipated events of the college fixtures. 
Sports played at Dharmaraja includes;
Dharmaraja-Kingswood cricket encounter.
Cricket was played at the school from its beginning. The annual cricket match against the school's traditional rival, Kingswood College, Kandy is the longest cricket match series in the central province, Sri Lanka. Out of those outings so far, Rajans lead the tally with 31 wins against 19 by Kingswood while 53 matches ending in a draw.
Dharmaraja College registered a historic win over Kingswood College on 26 March 2011 at the Pallekale Cricket International stadium in Kandy.
Annual educational trip.
Two annual educational trips are organised for primary school and middle school students. These are aiming at giving a chance of visiting historically and nationally important places to the students. Further, many students make use of this as a chance of enjoying and interacting.
Clubs and societies.
At Dharmaraja College there is much encouragement for the formation of institutions of extracurricular activities since its early days. Today there are over 50 clubs and societies of different kinds.
Some of these are;
Old Rajans.
In her history of 122 years, Dharmaraja College has produced a number of prominent figures, in many aspects of society, while the highest-ranking official amongst the Old Rajans being president William Gopallawa (Later studied at St. Anthony's College, Kandy), The first President of Sri Lanka and the last Governor-General of Ceylon.
Many political leaders with the likes of A. E. Goonesinha (First Labor leader of Ceylon), A. Ratnayaka (Member of the first Cabinet of Ceylon and last President of the Senate of Ceylon), Janaka Bandara Tennakoon (Cabinet Minister of Local Government and Provincial Councils) and Lalith Dissanayake (Deputy Minister of Health) were educated at Dharmaraja College.
The college's alumni also includes Stanley Wijesundera, (Vice Chancellor of the University of Colombo), J B Disanayake (Leading authority of the Sinhala Language), Sunanda Mahendra (Dept. of Mass Communication Kelaniya University), Anuradha Seneviratna (Dept. of Sinhala University of Peradeniya), Ananda W.P. Guruge (Vice president of the World Fellowship of Buddhists), Wimalaratne Kumaragama (Great sinhala poet), Dharmasena Pathiraja (Acclaimed Film Director), Chamara Kapugedera (Sri Lanka test cricketer) and Prof. Dhammika Ganganath Dissanayake; former Chairman of Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="5932368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932368" title="Major League Baseball Player of the Week Award">
Major League Baseball Player of the Week Award

The Player of the Week award is a Major League Baseball award named by each of the American and National Leagues each week of the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="5932376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932376" title="Milorad Korać">
Milorad Korać

Milorad Korać (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилорад Kopaћ, born 10 March 1969 in Požega) is a Serbian football goalkeeping manager and former player (goalkeeper).
He played for several clubs, including Sloboda Užice, FK Bečej, Obilić Beograd, Erzurumspor and Kocaelispor in Turkey and FK Hajduk Beograd. He spent last 2 seasons as goalkeeper of Khazar Lenkoran from Azerbaijan.
He has 1 cap for the FR Yugoslavia national football team and was a participant at the 2000 UEFA European Championship.
He is currently a goalkeeper manager in Panserraikos F.C., club playing in the Superleague Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="5932379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932379" title="Porges">
Porges

Porges () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5932393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932393" title="Denver Barbarians RFC">
Denver Barbarians RFC

The Denver Barbarians Rugby Football Club is a SuperLeague rugby union and Division I team based in Denver, Colorado.
History.
The Denver Barbarians Rugby Football Club (the Barbos) was founded in 1967. The initial members were men that had been playing rugby with some of the local collegiate teams, or Lacrosse players that wanted to learn new skills. The Barbos were the first club side and became the standard for post-collegiate rugby in the region. 
With the growth of the sport in the ensuing decades the Barbos played a larger role in the game, both on and off the field. The Barbos supplied many players to all levels of select side play including the Eagles, the United States' National Team. In addition many referees, coaches, and administrators at all levels have emerged from the Barbos ranks. The Club has won championships at the National, Territorial, and Local level in both 15’s and seven-a-side play.
Today the club has 60+ players and fields teams in three different leagues of play. The Super League Team competes against 15 other club teams from all over the United States. This is the highest level of competitive play in the U.S. and requires a great deal of travel all compressed into a three-month period in the spring. They also field a very competitive team in Division II of the National Club Competition. The Barbos' “Olde Boys” team competes in the local recreational division.
The club supports youth rugby by providing clinics and coaches to high school and middle school teams. They are also involved in community service activities promoting several charitable events throughout the year.
Sponsorship.
The SuperLeague's primary sponsor is Michelob Amber Bock and as such, each individual team receives a portion of those revenues. In addition to Amber Bock, the Barbarians have individual sponsorships. Notable primary sponsors include Bushmills Irish Whiskey. The club also has several secondary sponsorships from local and regional businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="5932405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932405" title="VFA-83">
VFA-83

Strike Fighter Squadron 83 (VFA-83), also known as the "Rampagers", are a United States Navy F/A-18C Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana. They are a part of Carrier Air Wing 7, their tailcode is "AG" and their radio callsign is "Ram".
Insignia and nickname.
The squadron was first known as the "Roaring Bulls" and the first insignia was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 16 May 1950, consisting of a black bull with machine gun barrels for horns. The squadron was renamed and the first Rampager insignia was approved on 12 April 1957.
History.
1950s.
VFA-83 was originally formed as Naval Reserve Fighter Squadron 916 at NAS Squantum in Massachusetts in April 1950. VF-916 was called to active duty in NAS Jacksonville on 11 February 1951 and moved to NAS Oceana, Virginia in September 1951. The squadron was assigned to Carrier Air Group 8 (CVG-8) and was equipped with the Vought F4U-4 Corsair. CVG-8 was deployed aboard the aircraft carrier USS "Tarawa" to the Mediterranean Sea from November 1951 to June 1952. Afterwards VF-916 transitioned to the Grumman F9F-5 Panther. They also flew the F8F Bearcat for a short time in 1952. On 4 February 1953, the squadron was redesignated fighter squadron VF-83. In the same year VF-83 made a deployment aboard the USS "Coral Sea" to the Mediterranean Sea. In August 1954, VF-83 transitioned to the Vought F7U-3M Cutlass equipped with the Sparrow I air-to-air missile, and on 1 July 1955 was re-designated as attack squadron VA-83. VA-83 made another deployment to the Mediterreanean Sea aboard the USS "Intrepid" in 1956, this being the first overseas deployment of a naval missile squadron. 
The squadron received the Douglas A4D-1 Skyhawk in March 1957 and then in December 1957, was the first fleet squadron to receive the A4D-2 version, which was the first to be equipped with an aerial refueling capability. 
From July to August 1958 following continued civil violence in Lebanon, VA-83 was deployed as part of Air Task Group 201 (ATG-201) aboard the USS "Essex". The squadron flew sorties during the U.S. Marine Corps landings in Lebanon, and two of its aircraft were hit by hostile small arms fire receiving minor damage. In September 1958 the squadron conducted flight operations from the "Essex" while operating in the Taiwan Straits in response to the People’s Republic of China shelling of the Quemoy Islands.
1960s.
From 1960 to 1966 VA-83 made five deployments with Carrier Air Wing 8 (CVW-8) aboard the USS "Forrestal" to the Mediterranean Sea, the first still flying the A-4B, then two with the A-4C, and two with the A-4E. In 1961 and 1962 they won the COMNAVAIRLANT Battle “E”. In Aug 1962, a squadron A4D-2N Skyhawk crossdecked aboard the British carrier HMS "Hermes". In late 1963 a detachment of VA-83 also operated from the USS "Lake Champlain" providing fighter cover for Anti-Submarine Carrier Air Group 52 (CVSG-52). On 15 Jun 1966 they re-located to NAS Cecil Field in Florida. In 1966-67 and 1967-68 CVW-8 and VA-83 were deployed on the USS "Shangri-La", and in 1969 on the USS "John F. Kennedy". During the last two deployments the squadron flew again A-4Cs.
1970s.
In June 1970, VA-83 transitioned to the A-7 Corsair II and was reassigned to Carrier Air Wing Seventeen (CVW-17). From January 1971 to November 1982 VA-83 deployed eight times aboard the "Forrestal" to the Mediterranean Sea. In 1973, the squadron won its third CNO Aviation Safety Award and in March 1974 they began their 14th Mediterranean Sea deployment. 
From July to August 1974, the squadron operated in the vicinity of Cyprus following a coup in that country and its invasion by Turkish forces. In 1975 they completed their 25th year as an active squadron, and had amassed 20,000 accident free flight hours which earned them another CNO Safety Award. Between 1975 and 1982 they made three deployments, including training operations with NATO allies in the North Atlantic.
1980s.
From May to June 1981 while embarked in "Forrestal", VA-83 operated in the eastern Mediterranean following Israeli reprisal raids against Syrian missile batteries located in southern Lebanon. In Aug 1981, the squadron participated in a Freedom of Navigation Exercise in the Gulf of Sidra. During this exercise two F-14 Tomcats from "Nimitz" shot down two Libyan SU-22 Fitters on 18 August. Tensions escalated and VA-83 flew reconnaissance missions over potentially hostile Libyan ships. In 1982 they deployed to support peacekeeping forces in Lebanon. Between 1984 and 1994 VA-83 and CVW-17 were assigned for six deployments to the USS "Saratoga". During the 1985-1986 cruise they supported operations in the Indian Ocean as well as operations in the Mediterranean Sea and Operation El Dorado Canyon against Libya. Squadron aircraft fired AGM-88 HARMs against a Libyan missile radar site, marking the first use of that missile in combat.
1987 marked their final deployment with the Corsair, and in November they began the transition to the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C Hornet, and on 1 March 1988 were re-designated to Strike Fighter Squadron VFA-83.
1990s.
In the summer of 1990 they made their first Hornet deployment aboard the "Saratoga" in support of Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm. For 43 days they flew 237 combat missions over Iraq and Kuwait, they were awarded the 1990 COMNAVAIRLANT Battle “E” and the 1991 CNO Aviation Safety Award.
In 1992 they deployed to the Adriatic Sea supporting United Nations operations in former Yugoslavia. In 1994 they made a second deployment to the area, which also marked the first ever detachment to Jordan. They were awarded their sixth CNO Aviation Safety Award in 1994. In 1996 the Rampagers deployed to the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Persian Gulf on board the USS "Enterprise" in support of Operation Southern Watch. In 1996 they were awarded the Battle “E” and Michael J. Estocin Award, as the best F/A-18 squadron in the US Navy. The squadron was then equipped with the F/A-18C(N). In April 1998 VFA-83 was relocated to NAS Oceana, Virginia (USA). During the same year the squadron was deployed aboard the USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" to the Mediterranean Sea.
2000s.
CVW-17 was then reassigned to the carrier USS "George Washington" and made two deployments to the Mediterranean Sea and the Arabian Sea in 2000 and 2002, supporting Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. These operations continued in 2004 during the last deployment of the "John F. Kennedy".
VFA-83 was then reassigned to Carrier Air Wing Seven and deployed again on the "Dwight D. Eisenhower" to the Mediterranean Sea and the Indian Ocean from October 2006 to May 2007. As "Ike" was refitted in 2008, the strike fighter squadrons of CVW-7 were assigned to CVW-17 and conducted a work-up period on the "George Washington". During that cruise CVW-7's squadrons retained their tail code "AG".

</doc>
<doc id="5932413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932413" title="Rhubarb Rhubarb">
Rhubarb Rhubarb

Rhubarb Rhubarb is a 30 minute television comedy special made by Thames TV and transmitted in 1980. The special is a re-make of Eric Sykes' 1969 film, "Rhubarb".
Plot.
A police inspector is so intent on winning a round of golf against a vicar, despite his lack of ability at the game, that he employs his constable to furtively disentangle his ball from the odd spots in which it usually comes to rest - while his opponent looks for help from a higher power...
Said help takes on an increasingly miraculous appearance, to the extent of inanimate objects appearing to move in order to block the inspector's shots. However, when the vicar attempts to lie about the number of shots it took to free his ball from a sand trap he gets his comeuppance from a bolt of lightning.
In the final scene the entire game is revealed to have been a dream that the vicar had during a brief nap in church.
Dialogue.
The word ""rhubarb"" is the only one uttered, many times over, in this film. (Likewise, the golf game takes place at the Royal Rhubarb golf course, and at one point a character is seen reading a newspaper called the Daily Rhubarb whose headlines consist entirely of the word 'rhubarb'.)
In the United Kingdom it is or was common for a crowd of extras in acting to shout the word "rhubarb" repeatedly and out of step with each other, to cause the effect of general hubbub. It was this use which inspired Sykes to use it as the only word in Rhubarb Rhubarb.
Cast.
†Hattie Jacques died between the making of Rhubarb Rhubarb and its screening.
Sources.
"Rhubarb Rhubarb" in the BBC Guide to Comedy

</doc>
<doc id="5932416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932416" title="Heinrich Porges">
Heinrich Porges

Heinrich Porges (November 25, 1837 – November 17, 1900) was a Czech-Austrian choirmaster, music critic and writer of Jewish descent.
Life.
Heinrich Porges was born in Prague, the son of Simon Porges (1801–1869) and his wife Charlotte. He originally studied Philosophy and Law in Prague, later turning to music. In 1863 he became an assistant of the critic Franz Brendel in editing the "Neue Zeitschrift für Musik" in Leipzig.
Porges became a devotee and intimate of Richard Wagner, and his extensive notes on Wagner's rehearsal and staging were published in the journal "Bayreuther Blätter" over the period 1880-1896. His study of "Tristan und Isolde" was published after his death in 1906 by Hans von Wolzogen. He received a life pension from King Ludwig II of Bavaria.
in 1886 he formed the 'Porges Choir' to promote the music of his favoured composers including Hector Berlioz and Anton Bruckner.
Porges married Wilhelmine Merores; the writer Elsa Bernstein was their daughter. His death in 1900 occurred during a rehearsal of Franz Liszt's oratorio, "Christus", at Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="5932417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932417" title="VA83">
VA83

VA-83 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5932423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932423" title="Željko Cicović">
Željko Cicović

Željko Cicović (Serbian Cyrillic: Жeљкo Цицoвић ; born 2 September 1970 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.
He played for FK Rad (1989–1997) and UD Las Palmas (1997–2005) in Spain.
He played for the FR Yugoslavia and was a participant at the 2000 UEFA European Championship.
Nowadays he is the goalkeepers trainer of UD Las Palmas.

</doc>
<doc id="5932427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932427" title="Kansas City Blues (USA Rugby)">
Kansas City Blues (USA Rugby)

The Kansas City Blues Rugby Football Club fields rugby union teams in USA Rugby Divisions 1 & 3, both based in Kansas City, Missouri. Up until 2007, the team played in the Super League, but were replaced that year by the Chicago Griffins. During the 2011-2012 season both the D1 and D3 sides reached the USA Rugby National Championship Series, becoming just the second club in USA Rugby history to advance two sides to the Divisional Elite Eight round.
Kansas City Blues RFC History.
Since 1993, the Blues have participated in three Division 1 National Championships in 15’s rugby, placing 4th in 1993 and 3rd in 1994. The Blues have also been a fixture in the 7’s National Championships, qualifying in 9 of the last 20 years, placing 2nd in 1993, 5th in 1998 and 2nd in 2000. The Blues Brothers are perennial contenders at Aspen’s Ruggerfest, having won the Over-35 Division in 5 of the last 8 years.
Match Schedule and Travel Opportunities.
The fall season is composed of mostly local and regional match play for the Blues, highlighted of course by the annual trek to Aspen for the infamous Ruggerfest, as well as the start to the split-season West Division 1 North and Division 3 Heart of America League match play. The Club completes the League seasons in the early spring as playoffs loom, and throughout the fall and spring the Reserve side plays League matches against regional Div 3 clubs.
Representative and International Players.
The Blues have also recently sent a number of players to the United States national rugby union team, The Eagles, in both 7’s and 15’s rugby. Establishing a tradition in the 70’s and 80’s with the Eagles through Hal Edwards (Reserve ‘76-’84), Gary Shull (Cougars ’76), Vic Clark (Cougars '78), Kirk Miles (2 caps ‘82), Fred Paoli (20 caps ‘82-’91), Frank Kennedy (USA ‘A’ ’88), most recently Doug Brown, Michael Skahan, and Steve Robke all spent a considerable amount of time on tour with the Eagles 7’s side in the late 90’s and early 00’s. Maika Sika has been capped over 45 times for the both the 7’s and 15’s sides, and Tim Kluempers represented the US in 15’s three times in 2001. Flanker Clint Olearnick was named to the 2008 Eagle Player Pool by USA Rugby Director Nigel Melville.
The Blues Off the Pitch.
The Kansas City Blues are made up of men from all walks of life. The active roster boasts a range in player’s ages from 19 – 43, consisting of students, doctors, lawyers, sales people, IT, corporate executives, teachers, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="5932431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932431" title="Klingenthal">
Klingenthal

Klingenthal is a town in the Vogtland region, in the Free State of Saxony, south-eastern Germany. It is situated directly on the border with the Czech Republic opposite the Czech town of Kraslice, 29 km southeast of Plauen, and 33 km northwest of Karlovy Vary.
The Aschberg ("cinder mountain") towers above the town at 936 m. The extremely elongated town, 10.5 km from end to end, is surrounded by numerous woods of firs. 
The town is bisected by the Döbra and Zwota rivers. These two rivers unite at the Czech-German border to form the Svatava river, which in turn flows into the Ohře river at Sokolov.
History.
In 1591, Sebastian Köppel established a hammer mill near the border to Bohemia on the banks of the Zwota in order to capitalize on the rich deposits of iron ore and the region's vast supplies of wood, both for building and charcoal production. On February 1, 1602, there was the first documented mention of the "Höllhammer" (in English approximately: "Hell Hammer" or "Hollow Hammer") in the neighboring town of Schöneck's church register. At that time, blacksmiths, miners and charcoal makers were living there. In 1628, the hammer mill burned down and was only partly rebuilt. 
The town fell under the control of Protestants following Swedish victory against Catholic forces at the Battle of Klingenthal, fought in November 1642. In mid-17th century, Bohemian emigrants fleeing the Counter-Reformation brought the luthier's craft to Klingenthal, which - after the Peace of Westphalia - was a safe haven for Protestants.
In 1716, the foundation of a luthiers' guild was celebrated. Towards the end of the 18th century, bow makers' and string makers' crafts came to Klingenthal, but also the production of wood and brass wind instruments. In 1829, mouthharp production followed and in 1852, accordion production began. In the second half of the 19th century, the production of mouthharps, accordions and other more complex instruments had mostly displaced older branches of musical instrument production.
In 1875, Klingenthal was connected to railway services.
On October 1, 1919, Klingenthal received its town charter; On July 1, 1950 Sachsenberg-Georgenthal were incorporated into the town.
On July 25, 1952, parts of the former districts of Auerbach and Oelsnitz were cut off to form the district of Klingenthal. From 1949-1990, Klingenthal was home to the Klingenthaler Harmonikawerke, a state-owned company that was the main producer of accordions, harmonicas, and electronic instruments in East Germany.
On April 1, 1992, Mühlleithen, a settlement on the north-western crest of the Aschberg, was incorporated.
Since 1996, Klingenthal is part of the newly formed Vogtlandkreis. In contrast to Klingenthal, Bas-Rhin, this towns name was "Klingenthal/Sa." (Sa. standing for Saxony). By decision of the town government, the "Sa." appendix was annulled in January 2007. Ever since, the town's name is just "Klingenthal".
Economy.
While traditionally, the town has been a manufacturing center of musical instruments, it is also a ski resort. One of the main branches of Klingenthal's today's economy is tourism. It is home to the Baroque "Zum Friedefürsten" round church. 
In 2005 Vogtlandarena was ready for use and there are now competitions in the Nordic Combined World Cup and Ski Jumping World Cup. It has already been a national centre for ski jumping during GDR time. 

</doc>
<doc id="5932436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932436" title="Patricia Stokkers">
Patricia Stokkers

Patricia Stokkers (born May 1, 1976 in Utrecht) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in sixth position (8:08.48) with the 4×200 m freestyle relay, alongside Carla Geurts, Minouche Smit, and Kirsten Vlieghuis. A year earlier the four of them won the silver medal in the same event at the European LC Championships in Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="5932440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932440" title="Investigative psychology">
Investigative psychology

Investigative psychology is the term given to a new area of applied psychology. This new field attempts to describe the actions of offenders and to develop an understanding of crime. This understanding can then help solve crimes and contribute to prosecution and defense procedures. It brings together issues in the retrieval of investigative information, the drawing of inferences about that information and the ways in which police decision making can be supported through various systems derived from scientific research. It should not be confused with profiling which grew out of the experience of police officers offering opinions to their colleagues about the possible characteristics of unknown offenders. 
Overview.
Investigative Psychology grows directly out of empirical research and logical inference to cover the full range of investigative activities not only the preparation of 'profiles'. The inference processes at the heart of Investigative Psychology contrast with the approach used in the Federal Bureau of Investigation which emphasises subjective processes such as "thinking like the criminal". This field provides a system for the integration of many aspects of psychology into all areas of police investigations and forms of crime. Investigative Psychology stresses that the results of scientific psychology can contribute to many aspects of civilian and criminal investigation, including the full range of crimes from burglary to terrorism, not just those extreme crimes of violence that have an obvious psychopathic component. 
The contribution to investigations draws on the extent to which an offender displays various tested characteristics. as well as procedures for enhancing the processes by which interviews are carried out or information is put before the courts. One aim of investigative psychology research is determining behaviourally important and empirically supported information regarding the consistency and variability of the behaviour of many different types of offenders, although to date most studies have been of violent crimes there is a growing body of research on burglary and arson. It is also important to establish valid and reliable methods of distinguishing between offenders and between offences.
Already the use of statistical analysis techniques such as Multi dimensional scaling in offender profiling has provided support for a theoretical distinction between homicide offenders as either instrumental (43% of offenders) or expressive (31% of offenders) in their use of aggression. The most recent advances have seen the development of a Narrative Action System Model for differentiating criminals' styles of offending, allowing empirically-based 'modus operandi' to be identified within a broad range of offence types from sexual assault and serial murder to stalking, burglary and robbery. This method of analysis has also expanded upon the original theoretical distinction by identifying sub-themes of aggressive action which can be used to further discriminate amongst offenders (Santilla, Hakkanen, Canter & Elfgren, 2003). These behavioural themes have also been linked to background characteristics and post-offence behaviour, demonstrating their usefulness to the investigation of serial murder cases. The development and application of these techniques to serial offenders is likely to facilitate an increase in the validity of offender profiling of serial murderers.

</doc>
<doc id="5932452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932452" title="Simon Collis">
Simon Collis

Simon Paul Collis CMG (23 February 1956) is a British diplomat, and the current British Ambassador to Iraq.
Biography.
Collis was educated at King Edward VII School, Sheffield from 1967 until 1973 and at Christ's College, Cambridge.
Career.
He has held posts in Bahrain, Tunisia, India, Jordan, Dubai, and Basra. He was Consul General in Basra between 2004 and 2005. He took up his present post after being British Ambassador to Qatar between 2005 and 2007, and British Ambassador to Syria between 2007 and 2012. He left Syria in February 2012, after the British Government withdrew their staff there.
Collis was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to British interests in Iraq and Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="5932464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932464" title="Pia Miranda">
Pia Miranda

Pia Miranda (born 15 June 1973) is an Australian, multi-award-winning actress whose career was launched with her successful 1999 role in the feature film "Looking for Alibrandi", an Australian film based on the novel by Melina Marchetta.
Film and television career.
Born in Melbourne, Australia, Pia Miranda is of Italian descent and spent the majority of her early life travelling throughout Australia with her family, attending a large number of schools. After completing her high school certificate, Miranda enrolled at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Victoria, studying Drama, majoring in acting.
After the completion of her Degree in Drama, Miranda began a Bachelor of Arts degree at Victoria University, Australia, majoring in theatre, chosen because of its strong content in the subject. Soon after this, Miranda found herself playing Karen Oldman on the Australian soap "Neighbours", from 1998 to 1999. At this time, Miranda was also starring in the ABC television series "Bondi Banquet", playing Jo Tognetti. This was the starting point for Miranda's future success within the Australian film and television industry, quickly being chosen for the role of Josephine Alibrandi in the hugely successful Australian movie "Looking for Alibrandi", directed by Kate Woods in 1999.
The movie was based on the very popular novel written by Melina Marchetta in 1992, where seventeen-year-old Josephine Alibrandi deals with the stresses of Year Twelve, her illegitimacy, the reunion with her father, new-found companionship, the death of her close friend and life as a third-generation migrant in contemporary Australian society. Pia Miranda co-starred with fellow prominent Australian actors Kick Gurry, Anthony LaPaglia, Greta Scacchi, Elana Cotta and Matthew Newton. The movie received critical acclaim, with Pia Miranda receiving the Australian Film Institute award in 2000 for Best Actress for her performance.
In 2002, Pia Miranda played a small role in the US movie, "Queen of the Damned", although her scene was cut from the film as it appeared on the DVD. Also in 2002, Pia Miranda starred in "The Doppelgangers". The movie was part of a project where eight award-winning Australian filmmakers were given a short film script by celebrated writer Brendan Cowell. Filmmakers had to name their own film and characters and adhere to a set of rules, such as shooting on digital cameras and making no dialogue changes. The project had limited success.
Following "The Doppelgangers", Pia Miranda starred in another Australian film "Garage Days", playing Tanya. The coming-of-age comedy revolved around a young Sydney band trying to gain a foothold in the competitive pub rock scene. The movie was well received within Australia and is available on DVD. In 2003, Pia Miranda played the role of Leanne Ferris in "Travelling Light", about two sisters growing up in Adelaide in the early 1970s. Following this, Pia also starred in "Right Here Right Now" in 2004, her most recent acting role.
Though Pia Miranda is best known as a film actress, she has also featured in some of Australia's leading television series. She was a recurring guest star on the long-running drama "All Saints" in 1998, and the popular Australian drama "The Secret Life of Us", playing Talia. Miranda has also been featured in "The Glass House", "Grass Roots" and the Australian talk show "The Panel".
She has also worked as a celebrity artist for A Midwinter Night’s Dream, a ticketed charity auction of art with pillow cases as the medium and inspired by the childhood dreams of artists and celebrities, to raise money for War Child Australia. Pia was also a judge for the 2005 Project Greenlight competition, with fellow actors such as Sam Worthington. Pia's sister, Nicole Miranda, starred in the Australian film "Moving Out" with Vince Colosimo.
Is also the main character in the film clip, Teenager of the Year – Lo-Tel.
Personal life.
In March 2001, Miranda married long-time partner Luke Hannigan, lead singer of the Australian band Lo-Tel, at the Elvis Presley chapel in Las Vegas. She and her husband welcomed a daughter Lily born on 18 March 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="5932466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932466" title="Klütz">
Klütz

Klütz () is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated near the Baltic Sea coast, 22 km northwest of Wismar, and 33 km northeast of Lübeck. It is famous for its noble manour house "Schloss Klütz".

</doc>
<doc id="5932467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932467" title="Mladen Dabanovič">
Mladen Dabanovič

Mladen Dabanovič (born 13 September 1971 in Maribor) is a former Slovenian football goalkeeper.
Career.
He started his professional career with Maribor and Rudar Velenje, before moving to Belgian side Sporting Lokeren in 1999. In January 2004, he returned to Slovenia and has been playing four seasons for Drava Ptuj.
International career.
He won 25 international caps for Slovenia between 1998 and 2003. He was the country's first-choice goalkeeper at the Euro 2000 finals and played in all of their three group matches at the tournament. He also played for Slovenia in their group match against Paraguay at the 2002 FIFA World Cup finals.

</doc>
<doc id="5932471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932471" title="WBIH">
WBIH

WBIH is a television station in Selma, Alabama, serving the Montgomery, Alabama media market on channel 29. Founded in 2001, the station is owned by Flinn Broadcasting Corporation. The programming consists of primarily Christian programming. It is affiliated with the Legacy TV television network.
On May 22, 2006, the station "flash-cut" to digital broadcasting, and is no longer broadcasting an analog signal. Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997 [http://www.transmitter.com/FCC97115/chanplan.html], the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station.

</doc>
<doc id="5932473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932473" title="Brooklyn Park, South Australia">
Brooklyn Park, South Australia

Brooklyn Park is a western suburb of Adelaide, the capital of South Australia. 
"Lockleys" Post Office opened on 1 September 1904 and was renamed "Brooklyn Park" in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="5932483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932483" title="Sticky foam">
Sticky foam

Sticky foam is an incapacitant, used when less lethal force is required, consisting of various extremely tacky and/or tenacious materials carried in compressed form with a propellant and used to block, entangle, and impair individuals. A National Institute of Justice-funded project at Sandia National Laboratory developed a "gun" which could fire multiple shots of sticky foam. After testing the product for corrections applications, Sandia provided the U.S. Marine Corps' Operation United Shield with sticky foam guns and supporting equipment to assist in the withdrawal of U.N. peacekeepers from Somalia. Problems with this technology include: the serious risk of smothering (suffocating) the subject; skin clean-up (the foam may not be toxic, but solvents are often harsh); "gun" clogging; targeting and firing; and gun cleaning. The U.S. Marine Corps reportedly successfully used the sticky foam guns as part of the operation in Somalia. The sticky foam was mentioned in the bestselling book "Men Who Stare at Goats", and became slightly better known to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="5932492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932492" title="Minouche Smit">
Minouche Smit

Minouche Smit (born 6 March 1975) is a former freestyle and medley swimmer from the Netherlands. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, she finished in sixth position (8:08.48) with the 4×200 m freestyle relay, alongside Carla Geurts, Patricia Stokkers, and Kirsten Vlieghuis. A year earlier the four of them won the silver medal in the same event at the European LC Championships in Vienna, Austria. In Atlanta Smit was also on the women's relay team, that ended up in fourth place (3:42.40) in the 4×100 m freestyle, together with Marianne Muis, Wilma van Hofwegen, and Karin Brienesse. In her only individual start, in the 200 m individual medley, she finished in seventh position, clocking 2:16.73. 
Smit was married to the Dutch swimming star Pieter van den Hoogenband. They have a daughter Daphne (born 23 June 2007) and a son Sander (born 13 September 2009). In September 2012 the couple announced their separation.

</doc>
<doc id="5932495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932495" title="Type locality">
Type locality

Type locality may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932496" title="Carolyn Parkhurst">
Carolyn Parkhurst

Carolyn Parkhurst (born January 18, 1971, Manchester, New Hampshire) is an American author who has published three books. Her first, the 2003 best-seller "The Dogs of Babel" also known as "Lorelei's Secret" in the UK, was a New York Times Notable Book and on the New York Times Best Seller List.
She followed that effort with the New York Times bestselling "Lost and Found" in June 2006 and "The Nobodies Album" in June 2010. Her first children's book, written with Dan Yaccarino, "Cooking with Henry and Elliebelly", was released in Fall, 2010.
Parkhurst says she wrote her first story at age three by dictating "The Table Family" to her mother. An only child, she grew up in Waltham, Massachusetts; her parents separated when she was two years old. Parkhurst spent so much time reading as a child, she had to be sent outside to play. She attended Belmont Day School and the Winsor School in Boston. Her first story in print was for a Halloween contest by a local newspaper. 
Her first job in publishing came at age 15, writing record reviews for a magazine called "Star Hits". Parkhurst received her B.A. degree from Wesleyan University and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing from American University. Married since 1998 and the mother of two children, she currently resides in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="5932498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932498" title="Kohren-Sahlis">
Kohren-Sahlis

Kohren-Sahlis is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 14 km southeast of Borna, and 31 km northwest of Chemnitz.
History.
The first documented mention of Kohren-Sahlis was in 974.
Nazi Era.
From 1 November 1942 to 14 April 1945 the children's home "Sonnenwiese" (Sunny Meadow), which was operated by the SS Lebensborn organization, was located in Kohren-Salis. Primarily children abducted from Norway were placed here before they were passed on for adoption to families loyal to the Nazi system .
Religion.
Kohren-Sahlis is situated in a traditional Lutheran area. The Saint Gangulphus Church in Kohren-Sahlis, the Christ Church in Rüdigsdorf, the Village Churches in Altmörbitz and Gnandstein as well as the Chapel of Gnandstein Castle all belong to the Kohren Region Parish of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Saxony.
The few Catholics in Kohren-Sahlis belong to St. Joseph's Parish of Borna, Bishopric of Dresden-Meissen.

</doc>
<doc id="5932499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932499" title="Dejan Nemec">
Dejan Nemec

Dejan Nemec (born 1 March 1977 in Murska Sobota) is a retired Slovenian football goalkeeper, who last played for NK Kobilje.
Career.
He played also for NK Mura (1995–2001) and in Belgium with Club Brugge (2001–2004).
International career.
Nemec played for the Slovenia national football team (1 cap against Honduras in 2002) and was the number 3 goalkeeper (behind Marko Simeunovič and Mladen Dabanovič) in the Euro 2000 and 2002 FIFA World Cup Slovenia team squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5932524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932524" title="The Honourable Man">
The Honourable Man

The Honourable Man is the fifth episode of the sixth series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on 28 November 1973.
Synopsis.
When Wilson lets it be known that his family has 'moved up one place' and that he is now entitled to style himself 'The Honourable,' he finds himself being courted by the golf club and is being proposed as the man to welcome a visiting Russian VIP, Mainwaring is furious.
Of all the episodes of Dad's Army, it is probably the one in which the class conflict between Mainwaring and Wilson, which is used for comedy across the series, is the most explored. In many episodes Mainwaring complains of Wilson's almost relaxed attitude to his duties and his public school education and about how hard he has had to work in comparison, but the deference shown by the townspeople towards Wilson's newly official status allows Mainwaring's chip-on-the-shoulder and Wilson's reticence at being snooty or arriviste about his position to be comprehensively played out on screen.
Plot.
The episode opens in the church hall, where the Town Clerk is opening a meeting. It is to decide on Walmington's welcome to a visiting award winning Russian worker. The Town clerk puts Mainwaring in charge of the committee after a pompous speech, but Hodges objects, thus forcing a vote, which overwhelmingly supports Mainwaring, who therefore takes charge. During this both Wilson and Jones arrive late. Frazer suggests that, after a great deal of thought, he would like to offer the Russian a voucher worth £10 towards the cost of a funeral. Walker argues that that is no use, he would have to die to redeem it, whereupon Frazer comments "That's a risk I have to take". Godfrey again expresses his antipathy to "the reds" and so urges that the welcome should be unextravagant, and the vicar refuses to allow his choir to sing "The Red Flag". The committee decides to present a wooden key, representing the freedom of the town.
In Mainwaring's office, he enquires of Pike where Wilson is, and is annoyed to hear he is still at lunch, at 2.20 p.m. Mainwaring finds a letter in his in-tray addressed to 'The Honourable Arthur Wilson' and assumes it is a joke. On Wilson's arrival he surprises Mainwaring and amazes Pike by asserting it is genuine: Wilson's uncle, a peer, has died, thus entitling Wilson. On being asked where he had been at lunchtime, Mainwaring is furious to hear Wilson has been invited to join the Golf Club, even though he doesn't play golf. Mainwaring has been "trying to get in for years". Wilson compounds Mainwaring's rage by announcing that they found him some smoked salmon for lunch, where Mainwaring had a "snoek fishcake at the British Restaurant". During this discussion Pike has telephoned Mrs Pike, who rushes to the bank. She and Pike burst in, and Mrs Pike flings herself all over Wilson, although she does ask "It won't make any difference, will it?", to which Wilson assures her it won't. Pike, however, is too naive to understand the implication. 
At the next parade, Jones recounts how the British officers in the Sudan who had the honourable title always had a stiff upper lip, even after their heads had been blown off. Mainwaring addresses the parade and insists that Wilson must do his motorcycle training on the platoon's motorbike. Then the platoon practise grounding arms and applauding, just as the Town Clerk arrives. In Mainwaring's office he suggests tentatively that 'The Honourable Arthur Wilson' should present the key to the Russian instead of Mainwaring. Mainwaring refuses point blank. Back on parade, they are interrupted by the verger and the vicar, who invites Wilson to join the PCC, and also asks if he would like his own private pew. Mainwaring and Wilson retreat to his office, where Mainwaring again refuses to step aside for Wilson when telephoned by Hodges. Mainwaring finally snaps and reveals his intense jealousy over Wilson's newfound title; Wilson however admits he resents his new social status, as the people of Walmington-on-Sea continually pester him. This only infuriates Mainwaring more, as he fancies that one should prize aristocratic titles, and admits if he had a title he would make himself a director of the bank. He reminds Wilson that, title or not, he is still Mainwaring's employee and that he had better learn his place.
Wilson is seen embarking on his motorcycle training dressed in khaki overalls. He wobbles unsteadily down the road, goes in and out of ditches and finally falls off in one; a car is seen coming to a halt to help him.
At the welcoming parade, a band, the Home Guard, the Wardens and the Nurses are lined up on the green. The visitor arrives in his car, and makes his way to the podium. The Mayor makes a one sentence speech, then Mainwaring makes a much longer one, but the visitor, through his interpreter, reacts angrily. He accuses the VIPs greeting him of not being genuine workers, with soft clean uncalloused hands. He rushes to his car, and produces Wilson from inside, whom he insists is a genuine worker, with oily hands, toiling alone in the countryside. He presents Wilson with the key representing the freedom of Walmington, and departs.

</doc>
<doc id="5932525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932525" title="FBI method of profiling">
FBI method of profiling

The FBI method of profiling is a system created by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) used to detect and classify the major personality and behavioral characteristics of an individual based upon analysis of the crime or crimes the person committed. One of the first American profilers was FBI agent John E. Douglas, who was also instrumental in developing the behavioral science method of law enforcement.
Profiling phases.
The process this approach uses to determine offender characteristics involves:
Criticism.
To profile serial murderers, it is first necessary to link crimes to a type of common offender. To accomplish this, the type of offender is determined based on classes of action committed at the crime scene. This classification should be reliable and empirically tested in order to assign offenders to one particular group. The classification system should also meet the assumptions of a typology. To specify the characteristics that define a typology, the characteristics must occur together frequently, and be distinct from the characteristics specific to another type.
Much criticism surrounding the FBI process of profiling focuses on the validity of the classification stage. In particular, the criticism targets the organized versus disorganized dichotomy and its theoretical and empirical foundations and assumptions. This approach has become commonly used in the classifications of violent serial offenders. The only available study that examines the reliability of the classification system involved the reading of a sexual-homicide case summary. In this study, inter-rater reliability was found to be between 51.7% and 92.6%.
This study, although dated, does provide limited support for the reliability of the FBI sexual-homicide classification system. However, this form of reliability contributes little to the usefulness of the offender profiling system if the classification is not effective. The FBI classification system is derived from a single interview-based research study with a small sample of apprehended serial killers who operated in North America.
The ecological validity of the FBI's classification system considering its limitations has also been criticized. Further limitations of the original study include the subject selection process that relied on non-random self-selection, and the extensive use of potentially biased data. The interviews were unstructured and led in an ad hoc fashion that was dependent on the interviewees. The process whereby participants were divided into groups based on organized or disorganized characteristics and behaviors has been described as the product of circular reasoning, involving the “reification of a concept” in contrast to an empirical validation of this concept.
The organized/disorganized dichotomy is further flawed in that it fails to meet the criteria of a typology. David Canter examined the relationship between the behavioral styles and background characteristics of 100 serial-homicide offenders using a multidimensional scaling (MDS) procedure called smallest-space analysis (SSA) that statistically represents the co-occurrence of variables. No evidence was found to support the co-occurrence of behavioral styles or background characteristics related to the organized/disorganized taxonomy as proposed in the Crime Classification Manual (CCM).

</doc>
<doc id="5932540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932540" title="FRCC">
FRCC

FRCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932543" title="Operation Chahar">
Operation Chahar

Operation Chahar, known by the Japanese as チャハル作戦 (Operation Chahar) and by the Chinese as the 长城抗战 (Battle of the Great Wall), occurred in August 1937, following the Battle of Beiping-Tianjin at the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
This was the second attack by the Kwantung Army and the Inner Mongolian Army of Prince Teh Wang on Inner Mongolia after the failure of the Suiyuan Campaign (1936). The Chahar Expeditionary Force was under the direct command of General Hideki Tōjō, the chief of staff of the Kwantung Army. A second force from the Peiping Railway Garrison Force, later the 1st Army under General Kiyoshi Katsuki, was also involved.
Japanese Order of battle.
The Chinese forces opposing this invasion of Suiyuan were the Suiyuan Pacification Headquarters under the command of General Yan Xishan. Fu Zuoyi, the governor of Suiyuan, was made commander of the 7th Army Group, and Liu Ju-ming, governor of Chahar, was made its deputy commander, defending Chahar with the 143rd Division and two Brigades. General Tang Enbo was sent by Chiang Kai-shek with the 13th and 17th Corps from the Central Army and made Frontline Commander in Chief. The 1st Cavalry Corps was sent to Chahar under the command of Chiao Cheng-shou, facing the Mongolian forces of Teh Wang.
Chinese Order of battle.
Following the loss of Peiking, Tang Enbo's 13th Corps (4th and 89th Divisions) took up positions in depth along the Peiking – Suiyuan Railway at Nankou, and further to the rear at Juyongguan (Juyong Pass). Gao's 17th Corps stationed its 84th Division at Chihcheng, Yenching, and Lungkuan, covering the flank of the 13th Corps from Japanese forces in Chahar. The 21st Division was deployed in Huailai, on the railroad to the rear of Tang's forces. Zhao Cheng-shou's 1st Cavalry Corps, Liu Ru-ming's 143rd Division, and two Peace Preservation Brigades began an attack on the Mongol forces in northern Chahar.
Battle of Nankou.
On August 8 the Japanese 11th Independent Mixed Brigade, commanded by Gen. Shigiyasu Suzuki, began their attack on the left flank of the 13th Corps position at Nankou, but were thwarted after three days by the difficult terrain and the stubborn resistance of the Chinese. A new attack on August 11, supported by tanks and aircraft, took Nankou Station, after which Gen. Suzuki's brigade advanced on Juyong Pass.
That same day, Chiang Kai-shek ordered the activation of the 14th Army Group (10th, 83rd, and 85th Divisions) under Gen. Wei Li-huang. Coming by rail from Yingchia-chuang to Yi Hsien, elements of the 14th Army Group were sent on a ten-day march through the plains west of Peiking in a flanking movement in support of Tang Enbo's forces. The Chinese 1st Army made attacks on the Japanese forces in Lianghsiang and Chaili to distract them, and sent a detachment to Heilung Pass to cover the advance of 14th Army Group. From the dates on a Japanese map of the battle, these forces did not reach the area until September, when it was too late, and clashed with Japanese forces from September 9–17 without achieving its objective.
On August 12, Tang Enbo's army counterattacked, surrounding the Japanese and cutting them off from their supplies and communications. On Aug 14th, Seishirō Itagaki's 5th Division was sent to the relief of the 11th Independent Mixed Brigade at Juyongguan.
On August 16, Itagaki arrived at Nankou and began an enveloping attack on the right flank of 13th Corps, making a five pronged attack at Huanglaoyuan. The 7th Brigade of 4th Division under Shih Chueh was moved to block this maneuver, and reinforcements of Li Hsien-chou's 21st Division and Chu Huai-ping's 94th Division were brought up, engaging in days of heavy fighting. On August 17 General Yan Xishan, Director of the Taiyuan Pacification Headquarters, directed the 7th Army, under Fu Zuoyi, to move its 72nd Division and three brigades by rail from Tatung to Huailai to reinforce Gen. Tang Enbo's forces.
Battle of the Great Wall.
Meanwhile in northern Chahar the Chinese 1st Cavalry Corps captured Shangtu, Nanhaochan, Shangyi and Huateh from the puppet Mongolian Army of Prince Teh. Elements of the 143rd Division took Chungli, while its main force reached Changpei. During this Chinese advance the Japanese Chahar Expeditionary Force under Lt. General Hideki Tōjō, composed of the mechanized 1st Independent Mixed Brigade and the 2nd and 15th Mixed Brigades, gathered for a counteroffensive from Changpei to Kalgan.
From August 18–19 the Chahar Expeditionary Force counterattacked from Changpei, and took Shenweitaiko on the Great Wall and the Hanno Dam. The scattered and poorly equipped Chinese forces were unable to stop the Japanese, who now threatened the Peiking – Suiyuan Railway at Kalgan. On August 20 Gen. Fu Zuoyi's 7th Army diverted its 200th and 211th Brigades, which had been moving south by rail to join Gen. Tang Enbo's forces, back to defend Kalgan. Fu's remaining 72nd Division arrived to reinforce Chenpien, and his 7th Separate Brigade was sent to defend the railhead at Huailai.
On August 21, the Japanese forces broke through at the cities of Hengling and Chenpien. Gen. Tang Enbo's forces awaiting reinforcement; but, having suffered over 50% casualties, still defended Huailai, Chuyung Pass, and Yenching. Liu Ju-ming's 143rd Division fell back to defend Kalgan from the advancing Japanese.
On August 23, as Seishirō Itagaki's 5th Division pushed toward Huailai from Chenpien against Ma Yen-shou's 7th Separate Brigade, advance elements of the 14th Army Group arrived on the Japanese flank at Chingpaikou, driving off the Japanese outpost there and contacting the Japanese forces advancing to Chenpien and the front beyond. However, they were delayed in crossing the Yungting River, and their attack was delayed until it was too late to stop the Japanese advance. Due to poor communications they also failed to link up with Gen. Tang En-po's forces during the battle. After 8 days and 8 nights fighting, Itagaki, on August 24, linked up with the Kwantung army's 2nd Independent Mixed Brigade at Xiahuayuan.
Withdrawal.
On August 26, Gen. Tang Enbo's forces were ordered to break out toward the Sangchien River while Liu Ju-ming's forces were ordered to withdraw to the far side of the Hsiang-yang River.
On August 29 the Japanese unit, called the Oui Column by the Chinese and the Ohizumi Detachment (大泉支隊) by the Japanese, attacked. According to Hsu Long-hsuen this unit moved south from Tushihkou, and on August 30 attacked Yenching via Chihcheng, but was repulsed by the Chinese 17th Corps. A Japanese map of the campaign shows that the unit moved to Guyuan (沽源) on August 25 and to Xuanhua (宣化) by September 7, cutting the railroad in the rear of Tang's forces and east of Chinese forces along the Great Wall.[http://forum.axishistory.com/viewtopic.php?t=111890]
According to the Chinese account, after repulsing the Oui Column's attack the Chinese 17th Corps withdrew to join the rest of Tang Enbo's force on the far side of the Sangchien River. Kalgan fell to the Japanese on September 3. After Gen. Fu Zuoyi's 200th and 211th Brigades failed in a counterattack to recapture Kalgan, Fu's forces fell back to the west to defend the railway to Suiyuan at Chaikoupao. This brought an end to Operation Chahar.
According to "Time" magazine, on September 4 the Japanese-aligned South Chahar Government was set up at Kalgan. After the fall of Kalgan, Chahar's "complete independence" from China was declared by "100 influential persons", headed by Prince Teh, a pro-Japanese Mongolian who had long been the head of the "Inner Mongolia for Inner Mongolians" movement. It was Prince Teh, with his Mongolian levies, who helped the Japanese to take Kalgan. Prince Teh was rewarded for his collaboration with the highest position in this new Japanese puppet state, the Mongol United Autonomous Government.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5932544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932544" title="Rabiu Afolabi">
Rabiu Afolabi

Rabiu Afolabi (born 18 April 1980 in Osogbo, Osun State), is a Nigerian footballer currently playing for Danish Superliga side SønderjyskE.
Career.
Born in Osogbo, Nigeria, Afolabi started his football career at NEPA Lagos. Afolabi soon left his home country by moving to Belgium to Standard Liège after impressing at the 1997 edition of the UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup. In the 1997–1998 season, he played in three matches in the Eerste Klasse, of which two in the first team. Standard, however, played a poor season and finished it on the 9th place in the table. Rabiu The next season he was the club's primary competitor Liège. He played in 26 games, scored a goal and finished with his club team, sixth place in the league. Standard has also played in the finals of Cup of Belgium, but there lost 1:3 with Lierse S.K.. In the 1999/2000 season also brought the club Afolabiego no success. Standard finished fifth place, and Rabiu again scored a goal in a season, with twenty-four appearance. 
At Standard Liege, he became a regular player which impressed the club that he signed for Italian Serie A side Napoli ahead of the 2000–2001 season, but failed to break into the first team, and spent more time out of the first team due to injuries. Despite being fit, he would play in the club's reserves. Having returned to Belgium before the season was over as there was an opportunity not only match, but his return was an important member of the Standard Liege has. After half a year wasted in Italy, Afolabi went back to Liege. The team he played but only in the following season – 2001/2002. Standard finished fifth place, Afolabi was named the best defender in Belgium, having made an impressive performance. The next season was not as successful. Rabiu played only 14 league matches, and even less the standard finishing league play at the 7th positions.
Career in Austria.
In 2003, Afolabi decided to move to an Austrian club Austria Wien on the free transfer. Afolabi made his debut for the club in the Austrian Supercup, which Wien won 2-1 against FC Kärnten. Five days, Afolabi played his first league debut for the club, but this time it was against FC Kärnten, only to lost 2-1, to gain FC Kärnten revenge five days earlier. In his first season, Afolabi has played 33 matches and had a pretty good season. In summer 2004 showed interest on Afolabi from Marseille, as well as other clubs, but ultimately decided to stay in Vienna. He played in 27 league games in the season, all from the first until the last minute and scored one goal in a 3–0 win away match against FC Wacker Tirol. The team, however, Austria was criticized for his attitude in a weaker league and finished third place, just behind rival Rapid Wien and Grazer. 
The following season, Afolabi started his season, missing out about six games, but continued to be in the first team. He then scored his first goal in a 3-0 win over Wacker Innsbruck on 9 April 2005. Speaking of the league, Afolabi led the club go through to the 2004–05 UEFA Cup tournament, making an impressive performance until the club elimination by Italian side Parma after away goal for Parma in the first round. Like last season, the club would also win the Austrian Supercupwhich the match was 1-1, leading to play on in extra-time before settling on penalties shoot-out, which Austria Wien won on penalties 5-3.
Career in France.
After the season 2004/2005 in Austria, some players was linked a move away from clubs. Among them was also Afolabi, who for 2 million went to Sochaux. In his Ligue 1 debut, on 13 August 2005, he came on as a substitute for youngsters, Jérémy Ménez when the club won 2–1 away match against Nice. But it was not successful debut as Afolabi sent off in the 87th minute of the match. Towards the end of the season, Afolabi scored his first goal, on 6 May 2006, drew at home to Troyes. Generally well introduced to the team and the evaluation of this does not spoil even the fact that Sochaux soon have lack of goals in the league, mostly, with a lost and a nil-nil draw, which eventually, the club was in 15th place. At Sochaux, Afolabi spent four seasons, having won one achievement: Coupe de France in 2007 against Marseille, where it was 2-2, leading to play on in extra-time before settling on penalties shoot-out, which Sochaux won 5-4 on penalties.
Return to Austria.
After leaving Sochaux at the end of 2008–2009 season on free agent, he returned to Austria by signing a two-year contract with Red Bull Salzburg despite being linked with newly promoted Premier League side Burnley. Afolabi was a regular player in central defense. Afolabi headed home an important winning goal away to title rivals SK Rapid Wien in February 2010 to help keep the Red Bulls on course for the championship.
Eventually, Red Bull Salzburg would win the title and Afolabi told MTNFootball.com that the win led him saying "the happiest man on the planet"
On 7 November 2010, he made his 100th Austrian Bundesliga match (playing 60 appearance for FK Austria Wien and 40 appearance for Red Bull Salzburg). After his second season in Salzburg, his contract was not renewed and Afolabi was able to find a new club. While in his second season, Afolabi was available for transfer as he soon became was surplus to requirements.
Return to France.
Following his released from Salzburg, Afolabi was linked with German side Eintracht Frankfurt and offered to sign him but on 31 August 2011, Afolabi returned to France after two years with Salzberg by joining recently relegated Monaco on a free transfer with a 2-year contract with the club. After the move, Afolabi explained his decision in the MTN Football interview rejecting Frankfurt, in favour of Monaco, stating he wanted to return to France, whose culture, language and football he has known well for.
On 19 September 2011, Afolabi scored his debut in a 1–0 victory over against Arles-Avignon, giving Monaco their win in Ligue 2. However, due to ownership of managers and chairman, Afolabi featured less at Monaco and after one year at the club, it announced on the club's website that Afolabi left the club by mutual consent despite one more year on his contract.
Career in Denmark.
After eight months without a club, Afolabi went on trial at Danish Superliga club SønderjyskE, with a view of winning a contract and eventually signed for club for the rest of the 2012-13 season on the 13 March 2013, he was given the shirt number 22. His job in the club, was helping the team to survive in the Danish Superliga]. He also wanted to get some games on top level again, after a failure time in Monaco. In his debut for SønderjyskE, in a match against Silkeborg IF on the 28 March 2013, Afolabi helped his team to a 5-0 victory over the rivals in the bottom of the table. Afolabi, was named as one of the best players on the field
. Having played three match, Afolabi fractured his rib, which resulted him substituted during a match against Midtjylland, which SønderjyskE lost 2-0 and after the match, it announced he would be out for between three to four weeks.
Attributes.
Afolabi is a strong and lanky central defender, who is good aerially and has a thunderous shot. He is also very versatile and can play as a fullback or defensive midfielder as well. However, He's dangerous on set pieces.
International career.
Afolabi played a vital role for Nigeria in the 1999 African Youth Championship, coming from defence to score the two goals against Cameroon in the semi-final. Nigeria eventually finished second in the tournament after losing 0–1 to the hosts, Ghana, in the final. Afolabi then captained the Nigerian under-20 team in the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria. On 17 June 2000, he made his full international debut for Nigeria in a 2002 World Cup qualifier against Sierra Leone. Afolabi was part of the Nigeria squads at the 2002 and 2010 World Cups.
Trivia.
His name, Afolabi, means ""Born into wealth"". His nickname in Nigeria is Robocop because of his stiff movements.
In 2011, Afolabi was involved in a charity called ""The Rabiu Afolabi Educational Foundation"" by setting up a foundation, which he started out with a donation of 50,000 customised books worth about $20,000 to selected public primary and secondary schools in his home state of Oshun State.

</doc>
<doc id="5932551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932551" title="Preston-next-Wingham">
Preston-next-Wingham

Preston near Wingham is a village and civil parish located on a secondary road (the B2076) in the valley of the Little Stour in the Dover District of the English county of Kent. The parish church is dedicated to St Mildred; the public house is "The Half Moon and Seven Stars".
Preston is the site of the annual Preston Steam Rally.
Sports.
Formed in 1936, Preston Hellings Football Club is the village's football team. They play their home games at Preston Recreation Ground, Mill Lane, Preston.

</doc>
<doc id="5932556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932556" title="List of wireless community networks by region">
List of wireless community networks by region

Some wireless community network projects are:
Community networks by region.
Africa.
South Africa.
"See also" South African wireless community networks
Europe.
Czech Republic.
Almost all community networks in Czech Republic have peering between each other.
Mother of all community networks in Czech Republic:
Neutral czFree eXchange (NFX) members:
Other important Czech community networks:
List of almost all CZFree-compatible community networks by regions (in Czech language):
Slovenia.
Projects have the same underlying network, people working on them overlap and are generally cooperative, but they differ in priorities, target population and (slightly) philosophy.

</doc>
<doc id="5932571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932571" title="VFA-106">
VFA-106

Strike Fighter Squadron 106 (VFA-106), also known as the "Gladiators", is a United States Navy F/A-18 Hornet and F/A-18E/F Super Hornet Fleet Replacement Squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia.
Mission.
As the East Coast Fleet Replacement Squadron, the Gladiators’ mission is to train Navy and Marine Corps F/A-18 Replacement Pilots and Weapon Systems Officers (WSOs) to support fleet commitments. Every 6 weeks, a class of between 8-12 newly-winged Navy and Marine Corps pilots and Naval Flight Officers begins the 9 month training course in which they learn the basics of air-to-air and air-to-ground missions, culminating in day/night carrier qualification and subsequent assignment to fleet Hornet squadrons. 
The West Coast counterparts to VFA-106 are VFA-122 at NAS Lemoore, California and VMFAT-101 at MCAS Miramar, California. VFA-106 is also responsible for transitioning experienced naval aviators from other aircraft, such as the F-14 Tomcat and S-3 Viking, to the Hornet and Super Hornet. Aircrew returning from non-flying assignments undergo refresher training at VFA-106 prior to returning to the fleet. Additionally, VFA-106 (with the help from the Center of Naval Aviation Technical Training Unit: CNATTU) trains maintenance personnel and provides replacement aircraft to fleet units.
There are approximately 1200 Navy and Marine Corps personnel, as well as foreign instructors and students (from countries such as the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Germany) assigned to VFA-106. VFA-106 typically has 90+ F/A-18s of various models assigned. There is a permanent VFA-106 Detachment in Naval Air Station Key West, Florida, where the squadron often deploys for fighter training. The squadron often detaches 12 aircraft to Naval Air Station Fallon, Nevada and Naval Air Facility El Centro, California, as well as various aircraft carriers for carrier qualifications (CQ).
Squadron insignia and nickname.
The squadron’s insignia was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 26 May 1982, and was similar to one used by VA-106 from April 1952 until disestablishment on 7 November 1969.
Airshow TAC DEMO team.
The VFA-106 Gladiators are also well known for the airshow TAC DEMO Team. The team flies the F/A-18F and F/A-18C to show sites in the eastern United States. Instructors of the squadron fly the aircraft, and serve on a year schedule. The team demonstrates maneuvers used in training and combat flights. VFA-122 takes the western part of the United States for demonstrations.
History.
VFA-106 was activated at NAS Cecil Field, Florida on April 27, 1984, flying the A and B models of the F/A-18 Hornet. The first Replacement Pilot Class began training on the F/A-18 Hornet on 7 Oct 1985. In Oct and Dec 1987, respectively, VFA-106 received its first C and D models of the Hornet. In the summer of 1999, as a result of the BRAC-mandated closure of NAS Cecil Field, VFA-106 moved to NAS Oceana, Virginia. In 2004, VFA-106 received its F/A-18E/F Super Hornets.
On April 6, 2012 an F/A-18D assigned to VFA-106 encountered problems on take off and crashed into an apartment complex in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Both pilots ejected safely, and there were no fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="5932575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932575" title="Rybakov">
Rybakov

Rybakov (masculine, ) or Rybakova (feminine, ) is a Russian surname, which is derived from the Russian word ""рыбак"" (fisher, angler). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5932576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932576" title="Fell &amp; Rock Climbing Club">
Fell &amp; Rock Climbing Club

The Fell & Rock Climbing Club of the English Lake District (in everyday usage the Fell and Rock Club or FRCC) is the senior climbing club covering the English Lake District. It was founded in 1906–1907 and, amongst its other activities, publishes the rock climbing guides to the area. It owns many of the early climbing photographs (e.g. Hankinson, 1975) taken by George & Ashley Abraham, who were founding members.
Early history.
The club had been originally proposed by John Wilson Robinson about 1887, approximately when rock climbing began as a sport in England. Robinson, owner of a farm and, later, an estate agent's business in Keswick, climbed with Walter Parry Haskett Smith, generally acknowledged as the father of rock climbing in Great Britain, and it was Robinson – in 1885 - who introduced the use of the alpine rope in the Lake District. 
Ashley Abraham was elected the first president of the FRCC, with Robinson one of its two vice-presidents. The chief objective of the club was: 
Safety was an issue at the time, since several fatal accidents had occurred recently. Alluding to these, Abraham commented at the first annual dinner: 
Memorial.
A plaque commemorating members of the Fell & Rock Climbing Club who died in World War I is set on the summit rock of Great Gable; an annual memorial service is held there on Remembrance Sunday. The club bought 3,000 acres of land including Great Gable and donated it to the National Trust in memory of these members, and the plaque was dedicated on Whit Sunday 1924 by Geoffrey Winthrop Young in front of 500 people. The bronze memorial, weighing 70kg, was removed in July 2013 and a replacement, with spelling errors corrected, was installed by Royal Engineers in October 2013.
Publications.
The FRCC produce a selection of rock climbing guides to the Lake District split up by area which are periodically updated. Below is a list of their current publications:
See also.
Other UK Mountaineering 'Senior Clubs':

</doc>
<doc id="5932578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932578" title="List of caves in South Africa">
List of caves in South Africa


</doc>
<doc id="5932580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932580" title="Ono no Azumabito">
Ono no Azumabito

He was exiled to Mishima in Izu Province after aiding in the revolt of Fujiwara no Hirotsugu in 740, but was pardoned five years later. He was then made governor of Bizen Province, and an official of the "Jibushō", the government department responsible for governing nobles above the fifth rank.
In 757, Azumabito was sentenced and executed for his involvement in a conspiracy organized by Tachibana no Naramaro.

</doc>
<doc id="5932590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932590" title="Chad Deering">
Chad Deering

Chad Deering (born September 2, 1970, in Garland, Texas) is a retired American soccer player. Deering spent his professional career in Germany, Norway, Major League Soccer and Major Indoor Soccer League. He earned eighteen caps with the United States national team including one game in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Youth and early career.
Deering grew up in Plano, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, where he attended Plano Senior High School. He was twice selected as a "Parade" high school All-American and was the 1988 Texas high school player of the year his senior year. While in high school, he debuted with the U.S. U-16 national team for whom he played at the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship. During that tournament, Deering scored a goal in a 4–2 loss to South Korea.
Deering was highly recruited out of high school and elected to play with Indiana University which had just won the NCAA Men's Soccer Championship. However, he left Indiana after only two seasons in order to pursue a professional career in Germany, having scored twelve goals and assisted on twelve others. He earned NCAA First-Team All-American honors his second, and final season, with Indiana. That year he was also the NCAA's post-season tournament's points leader with three goals and one assist.
Germany.
Deering began his professional career with the SV Werder Bremen reserve team. After three years and no chance of playing for the Bremen first team, Deering moved to FC Schalke 04 in 1993 where he continued to languish playing for Schalke's amateur squad. In 1994, Deering played a single season with Rosenborg of the Norwegian Premier League. He returned to Germany the next year, becoming the first of several Americans to sign with Regionalliga team Kickers Emden. In 1996, he moved from Emden to German Second Division club VfL Wolfsburg and finally found a top German team which would play him. That season, he helped Wolfsburg gain promotion to the Bundesliga. The next year, Deering played fifteen games for Wolfsburg in its first year in the German top division.
MLS.
In 1998, Deering expressed an interest in returning to the U.S. to play in Major League Soccer (MLS). He subsequently signed with the league, and on July 2, 1998, MLS allocated Deering to the Dallas Burn where he became a regular for the next seven years.
MISL.
On January 24, 2004, Deering signed with the Dallas Sidekicks of Major Indoor Soccer League. The 2003–2004 season was nearly over and Deering played only nine games with the Sidekicks.
U.S. Minor Leagues.
In 2004, he played with the DFW Tornados of the minor league Premier Development League. On December 30, 2004, the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division signed Deering. On March 16, 2005, Deering announced his retirement from professional soccer and his intention to return to Plano, Texas, to pursue a coaching career. He never played a game with the Battery, as its season had ended on August 2004 and the 2005 season did not begin until April 2005.
National team.
He earned his first cap when he came on for Hugo Perez in a December 18, 1993, loss to Germany. Deering would go on to play eighteen games for the U.S. national team, scoring his only national team goal in a March 14, 1998, 2–2 tie with Paraguay. When U.S. coach Steve Sampson sacked John Harkes, the team's primary defensive midfielder prior to the 1998 FIFA World Cup, Sampson moved Deering into that position. However, Deering played only a single game, a 0–2 loss to Germany, in the World Cup.
Deering was the director of coaching for the Blackwatch Soccer Club in McKinney, Texas which merged with Solar Soccer Club in Dallas. He was the Director of coaching for Solar in McKinney and coached the Solar 98 and 96 Girls Gold teams. Currently (2014) he is the President and Director of Coaching for Dallas Rush FC in McKinney, TX.
North Texas Premier Soccer Association.
Deering now plays center midfield for Kicks FC in the NTPSA men's over 30A League with several players from his youth club Dallas Comets, including John Salamone and Jason Phillips.

</doc>
<doc id="5932596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932596" title="Cambridgeshire Cats">
Cambridgeshire Cats

The Cambridgeshire Cats are an American football team competing in Division 1 of the BAFA National Leagues (BAFA NL), with their home games played at Coldhams Common in Cambridge. The club was first formed in 1984, entered senior competition in 1985 and won two divisional titles in the 1990s as well appearing in the playoffs a further six times before folding in 1998. They reformed once again in 2002 and re-entered senior competition, gaining promotion in 2003 only to be relegated two seasons later. Most recently, they won the South East Conference of Division One before losing to the Tamworth Phoenix in the playoff semi-final.
History.
Original formation (1984 to 1990).
The club was first formed in December 1984 as the Cambridge County Cats following trials conducted in the city by the RAF Wyton Eagles, one of the first American football teams to be founded in the UK. They joined the British American Football Federation for the 1985 season, where they competed in the A1 Division and finished top with a perfect 8-0 regular season record in front of crowds often in excess of 600, before losing to the Croydon Coyotes in the semi-final.
The following year, they switched to the newly formed Budweiser League, where they were elected straight into the top division. They finished with a 6-4 record and qualified for the playoffs where they lost in the first round away to the Wrekin Giants. They were unable to repeat this success the following year—they finished bottom of their group with a 0-9-1 record and so were relegated. They returned to winning ways in the lower division, recording eight consecutive wins on their way to finishing second in their group before losing 24–34 away to the Scottish champions, the Glasgow Diamonds.
1989 was a year of change for the Cats. After securing a sponsorship deal with the Washington State Apple Commission, a Seattle-based apple export firm, they were renamed the Cambridge Crunchers. They also left the Budweiser League to join the newly formed Combined Gridiron League where they were admitted into the top division, competing in the Central Conference of the Crown National Division. They finished second in the group behind the Colchester Gladiators, and qualified once again for the playoffs. Unfortunately, they were unable to progress, losing 3–27 at home to the Heathrow Jets.
The following year saw a degree of turmoil for the club, beginning when their sponsors suddenly decided to withdraw their support forcing the club to change its name once again, becoming the Cambridge Wildcats. They moved over to the NCMMA following the demise of the CGL and despite suffering from low team numbers, the team recorded a 6-3-1 season record and so qualified for the playoffs. However, it was revealed that they hadn't paid the required league fees and so they were excluded from the post-season. During the close season, they entered into merger negotiations with another local team, the Newmarket Hornets. However, it emerged that it was actually a take-over attempt by Newmarket, and the club chose to fold rather than lose its identity.
Playoff successes (1992 to 1999).
After two years of inactivity, the club was reformed as the Cambridge Cats with a squad of over 40 players, half of whom came from the 1990 Wildcats team. They joined the British National Gridiron League in 1993, where they played in the East Midlands conference of Division One. They reached the playoffs at the first attempt after finishing second in acampaign which saw them score more than 40 points in six of their ten games. They were drawn away to the Derbyshire Braves in the wild-card round, who they beat to set up a tie against the Redditch Arrows. In a high-scoring game, they won by 54 points to 40 before losing their semi-final against the Lincoln Saints.
They joined the British American Football Association in 1994, marking the start of the club's most successful spell. They entered the Midlands conference of Division Three and finished top, winning eight of their ten games. As in the previous season, they faced the Redditch Arrows, who they shut out whilst scoring 42 points. The semi-final saw them win away to the Chester Romans to set up their first play-off final. They secured their first divisional title by defeating the Crawley Raiders 25–14.
As a result of their playoff win, the Cats were promoted to Division Two, where they competed in the North / Midlands conference and finished second with an 8-2 record. After beating the Chiefs in the playoff quarter-finals, they were drawn at home to the Lancashire Wolverines, who had been responsible for the Cats' only two defeats earlier in the season including 35-point shutout. There was no repeat of that heavy defeat this time as the Cats won 42–23 to set up a final against the Plymouth Admirals. After falling 13 points behind, they eventually won 28–13 to secure their second consecutive divisional championship and promotion.
They struggled in their first season at this higher level, the top flight of the newly renamed British Senior League (BSL), after many the top players decided to retire before the season started. To make matters worse, the head coach and several players walked out after only a couple of games. Cambridge's dismal season ended abruptly when they could not afford to play their final two home games. After winning just two of their ten games, they finished fourth out of the five teams which made up the North Conference. They once again finished second from bottom the following year, (ahead of the Northants Storm who folded after just three games), and once again in 1998. The Cats finally folded prior to the start of the 1999 season.
Present-day Cats (2002 to present).
Three years later, the club was reformed under their present name of the Cambridgeshire Cats by Chris Wallis, and they entered the Division Two South of the BSL, where they qualified for the playoffs at the first attempt by finishing third out of nine teams, before losing to the Plymouth Admirals in the quarter-final. 2003 saw them perform even better, recording a perfect 10-0 regular season record and finishing top of the South East Conference. They were drawn at home to the Southern Sundevils in their quarter-final, and needed two periods of overtime before eventually beating them 9–6. However, they lost their semi-final at home to the Bristol Aztecs.
Despite this disappointment, they were awarded promotion to the new Division 1A, where they finished third in their group and earned a wild-card playoff slot only to lose once again to the Aztecs, this time by a single point. 2005 saw them struggle with player moes and two changes at Head Coach. Winning only one game and scoring just 40 points, they were bottom of the South conference, resulting in them being relegated to Division Two.
2006 saw them surge back to success under Head Coach Rick Bice, finishing with a 5-4-1 record, barely missing out on the playoffs. In 2007, further success saw them qualify for the playoffs after finishing second in the South East conference with a 7-3 record before losing away to the South Wales Warriors 13-7 in the quarter-final.
In 2008, the Cats were moved into the Eastern Conference and recorded their strongest showing since 2003, finishing top with a 9-1 record and achieving an automatic spot in the playoff quarter-finals by virtue of one of South Wales Warriors nine wins coming by way of forfeit. They met the Warriors at home and beat them 21–12 to set up an away semi-final at the London Cobras, a team who had won their group with a perfect 10-0 record and conceded just nine points all season. The strength of their London opponents proved too much, with the Cobras winning 32–0.
2009 saw a change in leadership as Coach Rick Bice handed the Head Coaching reins over to Bob Shaw.

</doc>
<doc id="5932599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932599" title="John Mackie">
John Mackie

John Mackie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932610" title="Ibn Sina Hospital">
Ibn Sina Hospital

Ibn Sina Hospital is a hospital in Baghdad, Iraq which was built by four Iraqi doctors – Modafar Al Shather, Kadim Shubar, Kasim Abdul Majeed and Clement Serkis – in the mid-1960s. It was purchased for a fraction of its true value by the Iraqi government for use by Saddam Hussein, his family and the Baath Party elite. Uday Hussein was hospitalized there after being wounded in a failed assassination attempt in the mid-1990s.
The hospital is situated in Baghdad's International Zone and was run by the United States Armed Forces from shortly after the downfall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 until 30 September 2009. The hospital was staffed mainly by the US Army and its rotating Combat Support Hospital units as an emergency facility for critically wounded soldiers and civilians, including suspected and confessed insurgents. During the period of US administration of the Ibn Sina, the emergency room saw an average of 300 trauma cases per month.
On 1 October 2009, the hospital was officially handed back to the Government of Iraq as part of the US military drawdown from Baghdad.
The Ibn Sina was made famous through the widely viewed HBO documentary "Baghdad ER", which featured the 86th Combat Support Hospital based out of Fort Campbell, Kentucky, home of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), and was one of several Army hospital units to staff the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="5932613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932613" title="Kölleda">
Kölleda

Kölleda is a town in the district of Sömmerda, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 10 km east of Sömmerda, and 24 km north of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5932624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932624" title="Caherboshina">
Caherboshina

Caherboshina () is a townland situated approximately 4 kilometres from Daingean Uí Chúis or "Dingle". Its position lies at the almost latitudal centre of Ireland's most westerly land-mass, Corcha Dhuibhne, or the "Dingle Peninsula".

</doc>
<doc id="5932639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932639" title="Bowden, South Australia">
Bowden, South Australia

Bowden is an inner northern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is located in the City of Charles Sturt.
History.
The 'Village of Bowden' was established in 1839 by James Hurtle Fisher, who named it after his native village in Northamptonshire.
Bowden had a post office open from 1970 until 1991. Before 1970 the office in the area was named "Ovingham"; after 1991 the "Brompton" office has provided postal services.
Geography.
The suburb is primarily bounded by the Grange/ Outer Harbor railway line, the Gawler railway line and Park Terrace.
Demographics.
The 2006 Census by the Australian Bureau of Statistics counted 648 persons in Bowden on census night. Of these, 51.2% were male and 48.8% were female.
The majority of residents (70.2%) are of Australian birth, with other common census responses being England (5.1%) and Greece (2.0%).
The age distribution of Bowden residents is skewed towards an older population compared to the greater Australian population. 75.6% of residents were over 25 years in 2006, compared to the Australian average of 66.5%.
Politics.
Local government.
Bowden is part of Hindmarsh Ward in the City of Charles Sturt local government area, being represented in that council by Paul Alexandrides and Craig Auricht.
State and federal.
Bowden lies in the state electoral district of Croydon and the federal electoral division of Adelaide. The suburb is represented in the South Australian House of Assembly by Michael Atkinson and federally by Kate Ellis.
Community.
The local newspaper is the "Weekly Times Messenger". Other regional and national newspapers such as "The Advertiser" and "The Australian" are also available.
Community groups.
The Bowden Brompton Community Centre is based at 19 Green Street, Brompton.
Facilities and attractions.
Shopping and dining.
The Hawker Street shopping and dining precinct passes through the suburb.
Parks.
Parfit Square is the largest park in Bowden.
Transportation.
Roads.
Bowden is serviced by Torrens Road, Park Terrace and Hawker Street.
Many of the local streets were established in the 19th century. Consequently, roadways tend to be narrow and, with a small volume of traffic, quiet.
Public transport.
Bowden is serviced by public transport run by the Adelaide Metro.
Trains.
The following train services run on the eastern and southern boundaries of the suburb.
Buses.
The suburb is serviced by the following bus routes:

</doc>
<doc id="5932650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932650" title="RAAF Wagga Heritage Centre">
RAAF Wagga Heritage Centre

RAAF Wagga Heritage Centre "(Originally known as the Wagga Wagga RAAF Museum but was officially, RAAF Museum – Wagga Annex)" is a heritage centre located at the Wagga Wagga RAAF Base at Forest Hill located approximately east of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia on the Sturt Highway. The heritage centre has indoor and outdoor displays of aircraft, memorabilia and photographs relating to the RAAF in the Riverina. 
History.
Wagga Wagga RAAF Museum was officially opened in June 1995 from items from the RAAF Base Wagga and items which was donated by the community.
The museum was closed in 2001 for refurbishment with the memorabilia temporarily relocated to the Point Cook RAAF museum but plans to reopen the museum were quietly scrapped after the RAAF adopted a new policy in 2003, which stated that the RAAF would only fund RAAF museum at Point Cook. 
AirCare and Wagga Wagga based newspaper The Daily Advertiser ran a campaign during late September and early October 2008 in an attempt to reverse the Australian Defence Force's decision. 
On 13 December 2008, it was announced that the museum will be reopening in 2009. The Air Force would spend 75,000 completing the refurbishment of the museum building, due to be complete in 2009 sometime. 
In May 2009, a public consultation meeting was held to discuss plans for the centre, including the A$130,000 set aside by the Royal Australian Air Force for outfitting the building for a future heritage display. 
On 12 March 2010, it was reported that the heritage centre was expected to reopen in Spring 2010, but the official opening date was to be announced at a later date. 
On 29 July 2010, Air Marshal Mark Binskin announced at the RAAF Base Wagga 70th anniversary that the heritage centre will open on 15 October 2010. The heritage centre was officially opened on the 12 October 2010 and will open three days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="5932661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932661" title="Eric Carr (boxer)">
Eric Carr (boxer)

Eric Carr (born January 26, 1975), is an American professional heavyweight boxer.
Carr’s amateur boxing career began at the age of 14. His amateur career produced a record of 56 wins with 6 losses. He won the 1993 Golden Gloves championship, as a light heavyweight at the Chapa's Arena in Houston, Texas, defeating David Costa. Carr is a stylish right-hand boxer that punches with power. 
Carr has sparred with boxing champions, including seven-time world middleweight champion Tommy "Hit Man" Hearns, the former WBC Continental Middleweight Champion Kid Fire Parks, and 1984 Olympics medal winner Frank Tate, the former world Middleweight Champion. 
Carr credits training camp experiences with trainer Johnny Powell for his boxing skills. Powell served as co-trainer with Eddie Futch, known for his work with Michael Spinks and Leon Spinks. Carr also trained with former Golden Gloves and world Light Heavyweight champion Eddie Mustafa Muhammad, and David Parks, the architect of Lamar “Kid Fire” Parks. Carr has won bouts in New Orleans, Louisiana, and Houston. He has fought on a card produced by Fight to the Finish Productions along with Big Wheel Promotions. Carr also served on the board of the NAACP as an executive committee member,and also currently sits on the board of the YMCA.

</doc>
<doc id="5932691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932691" title="VA106">
VA106


</doc>
<doc id="5932697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932697" title="Catherine Leroy">
Catherine Leroy

Catherine Leroy (1945 – 8 July 2006) was a French-born photojournalist and war photographer, whose stark images of battle illustrated the story of the Vietnam War in the pages of "Life" magazine and other publications.
Life.
Catherine was brought up in a convent in Paris. She was moved by images of war she had seen in Paris Match, and decided she wanted to travel to Vietnam to "give war a human face." At the age of 21 booked a one-way ticket to Laos in 1966, with just one Leica M2 and $100 in her pocket.
On arrival in Saigon Leroy met the photographer Horst Faas, bureau chief of the Associated Press. A year later she became the first accredited journalist to participate in a combat parachute jump, joining the 173d Airborne Brigade in Operation Junction City. Two weeks after the battle for Hill 881, she was wounded with a Marine unit near the demilitarized zone. In 1968, during the Tet Offensive, Leroy was captured by the North Vietnamese Army. She managed to talk her way out and emerged as the first newsperson to take photos of North Vietnamese Army Regulars [http://books.google.com/books?id=N0kEAAAAMBAJ&lpg=PA3&dq=%22catherine%20leroy%22&as_pt=MAGAZINES&rview=1&pg=RA1-PA22#v=onepage&q=%22catherine%20leroy%22&f=false behind their own lines. The story made the cover of Life Magazine.
Her most famous photo, was one of three taken in quick succession portraying U.S. Navy Corpsman Vernon Wike. In the pictures the sailor is crouched in tall grass during the battle for Hill 881 near Khe Sanh. He is cradling his comrade who has been shot while smoke from the battle rises into the air behind them. In the first frame Wike has two hands on his friends chest, trying to staunch the wound. In the second, he is trying to find a heartbeat. In the third frame, "Corpsman In Anguish", he has just realised the man is dead.
After Vietnam, she covered conflicts in several countries, including Northern Ireland, Cyprus, Somalia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Lebanon. After her experiences in Beirut she swore off war coverage.
Leroy originally sold her work to United Press International and The Associated Press, and later worked for Sipa Press and Gamma. In 1972, Leroy shot and directed "Operation Last Patrol", a film about Ron Kovic and the anti-war Vietnam veterans. Leroy co-authored the book "God Cried", about the siege of West Beirut by the Israeli army during the 1982 Lebanon War.
She lived in the Hotel Chelsea in the late 1980s.
Later in life, she founded and ran a vintage clothing store, "Piece Unique", with a website.
She died in Santa Monica, California, following a battle with lung cancer.
Awards.
Leroy won numerous awards for her work, including in 1967 the George Polk award, Picture of the Year, The Sigma Delta Chi and The Art Director's Club of New York. She was the first woman to receive the Robert Capa Gold Medal Award – "best published photographic reporting from abroad requiring exceptional courage and enterprise" – for her coverage of the civil war in Lebanon, in 1976. In 1997, she was the recipient of an Honor Award for Distinguished Service in Journalism from the University of Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="5932698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932698" title="Peter Collecott">
Peter Collecott

Peter Salmon Collecott, CMG, was the British Ambassador to Brazil from 2004 to 2008.
He is a member of ADRg Ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5932703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932703" title="Essex Spartans">
Essex Spartans

The Essex Spartans are an American Football team based in Billericay, Essex, England. The team has played under the Spartans name since 1998 following a merger between two local teams and currently play in the BAFA Community Leagues, National Division, East.
History.
Able to trace its history back to 1989, the team has been playing under the Essex Spartans name since the close of the 1998 season when two local rival teams, the Essex Chiefs and the Redbridge Fire, decided to merge. After initial training sessions, the team's numbers were boosted by the demise of the Cambridge Cats (who later reformed).
As both the former teams had been competing at the same level in the British Senior League, the newly formed Spartans were granted a spot in the National Division (which was then the second of the league's three tiers). After winning six of their games (including shutouts against the Canada Life Cardinals and the London Mets, the Spartans finished second in their conference and so qualified for the playoffs. They defeated the Southern Sundevils in the quarter-final, but were finally beaten 19–33 away to the Gateshead Senators.
The 2000 season started badly with two consecutive defeats to the London Blitz, followed by a heavy defeat away to the London O's two matchdays later. In a season which saw the team lose 13 players through injury, the Spartans finished third from bottom of their group with a 2-6 record. However, some consolation was found in some individual player performances, with Steve Berlingo ending the season as the league's leader in interceptions, and Shulba Hunt finishing as the sixth highest rusher in the league.
The Spartans continued to struggle the following season. After five straight defeats (including a forfeited match) coupled with a number of injuries, a few players transferring to other teams and some US armed forces players from a nearby base unable to play, they were forced to withdraw halfway through the season and were realigned into Division Two for the next season.
2002 was a transitional year for the Spartans. The team moved back to the Chiefs' old home ground in Basildon, but their long-time star offensive player Shulba Hunt was forced to retire through injury. They finished eighth out of nine teams with a 3-6 record. In the 2003 preseason, the then Head Coach Dean Gibson and his new Offensive Coordinator Dave Thomas developed a new offensive playbook featuring an emphasis on short passing. This seemed to suit the squad and results improved, but fell short of expectations as the Spartans finished 5-4-1 and just missed out on the playoffs. 2004 saw the squad depleted by a number of retirements, and the Spartan's young players could only manage a 3-6-1 finish to the season.
However, 2005 saw the club's best season since they first entered the league. The coaching staff put an emphasis on developing the young squad into one full of multi-skilled positional players, and the team was bolstered by the arrival of a number of players from the recently folded Southend Sabres. After a winning regular season which included two comfortable wins over league newcomers Maidstone Pumas, they finished second in their group with a 5-2-1 record, enough to qualify for the playoffs. They were drawn away to the Oxford Saints, where they beaten 0–20.
2006 saw the Spartans reach the playoffs once again after finishing second with a 5-4-1 regular season record. They were originally drawn to face the South Wales Warriors in a wild-card playoff, and turned up at the Warriors' home field to play the match. However, they complained to BAFL (British American Football League) that the Warriors' pitch at Bedwas RFC was too short, and therefore did not comply with competition rules. After consultations between the two teams, the game was played as normal but BAFL decided afterwards that the Warriors would forfeit the game, and therefore the game was awarded to the Spartans as a 1–0 victory. In the quarter-finals, they were once again drawn away to the Oxford Saints and were again defeated by the eventual divisional champions. They unable to repeat their playoff run in 2007, finishing fourth out of six teams with a 3-7 regular season record.
A second poor season under Head Coach Dave Barham with the team finishing a lowly 1-8-1 saw Dean Gibson re-instated to the Head Coach position in 2009 (having previously served as Head Coach until 2007), returning with him was Offensive Co-Ordinator Brendan Bride. This combination had brought success to the Spartans in previous years, their previous tenure ending with playoff appearances in both 2005 and 2006. Unfortunately the team was unable to improve on the previous seasons mark and ended the 2009 season with an identical 1-8-1 record.
2010 proved to be a breakout season for the Essex Spartans. The close season 2009-2010 saw ex Wisconsin Badgers and Detroit Lions star Cyrill Weems join the team firstly in an advisory capacity before taking over as Head Coach prior to the start of the 2010 season. Weems' professional influence and high work ethic brought about a complete culture change at the team both on and off the field and a young Essex side began the 2010 season with a renewed hope of bringing success back to the Essex franchise following a bleak period after their last playoff appearance in 2006. The Spartans finished the 2010 season with a 6 and 4 win/loss record, narrowly losing lost two close games to Bedfordshire and Norwich. This huge turnaround in fortune led to the team finishing second in the division behind eventual league champions the London Olympians rewarding them with a trip to the Hampshire Thrashers in the BAFACL Quarter finals. An extremely entertaining and hard fought game eventually finished 29-15 to Hampshire with the deciding score coming in the final few minutes.
Coach Cyrill Weems returned to the United States in July 2010; Offensive Co-Ordinator Brendan Bride having departed the team in June 2010 due to personal circumstances. As such, a new Coaching structure which would continue with the development of the programme was required and on 11 July 2010 the team were pleased to announce ex-Farnham Knight, ex-Coventry Jet and current Essex Spartan Marc Saunders as Head Coach with Spartan stalwart Seán Benton taking over as Offensive Co-Ordinator. Also joining the coaching staff for the 2010 season and beyond were Kieron Goymer as Offensive Line Coach, ex-Tiptree Titan and Chelmsford Cherokee speedster Wes Bourke as Defensive Backs Coach, longtime Essex Spartan Craig Brittney as Wide Receivers Coach and Anglia Ruskin Phantoms Offensive Co-Ordinator Chris Hunt as Offensive analyst.
2010 also saw General Manager Tony Palmer celebrate 25 years running the club and for his tireless work for the team over this period he was honoured with a special presentation of a squad signed helmet at the 2010 team awards evening. 
2011 saw the Spartans continue to progress. Under the guidance of Saunders and his experienced and talented coaching staff, the Spartans improved on their 2010 record by ending the season with 7 wins, 2 losses and one tie. The team faced old rivals Kent Exiles in two closely fought contests following the Exiles relegation from Division One, an 18-18 tie at home and a narrow 24-20 loss away, with the game decided on the final play. The Spartans only other defeat came at the hands of the Watford Cheetahs, and as such, the team finished in second place in the Division and qualified for the post-season for the second successive season.
The team travelled to Lancashire to face the Lancashire Wolverines in the first round of the playoffs. In an unseasonably cold August day, the Spartans were unlucky to see a punt-return for a touchdown called back by a penalty and lost the game 7-0.
As a reward for their vast improvements in both 2010 and 2011, the British American Football Association National League announced the Spartans would be promoted to Division One for the 2012 campaign. Sadly, the step up proved to be too much of a challenge for the team, who collected only one victory against 9 losses to finish bottom of the table.
With the British American Football Association re-aligning the Divisions for the 2013 season, the Spartans were placed in the National League, alongside the Kent Exiles, Colchester Gladiators, Bedfordshire Blue Raiders, Maidstome Pumas, Watford Cheetahs, and Milton Keynes Pathfinders.A second consecutive 1-9 record was the result in a tough division, the teams only win coming against the Maidstone Pumas. At the end of the 2013 season, Head Coach Marc Saunders stepped down and was replaced by former assistant Head Coach and Spartan Hall of Fame member Seán Benton.
Other teams and activities.
In addition to the senior squad, the Spartans also operate a youth team which is scheduled to begin league play in 2014 after a successful development season. They are led by Head Coach Steve Mitchell and Assistant Coaches Wes Bourke and Steve Watson. The Spartans Youth team is open to all individuals from the age of 14 to 18.
There are several former players and coaches from the now defunct Anglia Ruskin Phantoms, who played in the BUAFL, currently in the Spartans organisation.
In May 2008, the Spartans began a twinning program with the Billerica Memorial High School football team. This was done with a view to developing the club and squad by exchanging resources, coaching staff and players, and further strengthening the ties between the towns of Billericay and Billerica, Massachusetts, which have been twinned for the last 10 years.
Hall of Fame.
A total of 23 individuals have been inducted into the Essex Spartans Hall of Fame in recognition of outstanding service to the club.
Retired Jersey Numbers.
Jersey numbers are retired in American football to honour players who have made an outstanding contribution to the success of their team. The Spartans have retired a total of three jersey numbers in their history.
Roster.
Coaches and Sideline Staff

</doc>
<doc id="5932722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932722" title="Climbers' Club">
Climbers' Club

The Climbers' Club is the senior rock-climbing club in Wales and England (outside the Lake District). It was founded in 1898 and publishes guidebooks in the main climbing areas in Wales and Southern England. It also owns several climbing huts in these areas.
Early history.
The Club developed from England's and Wales' earliest attempt to formally organize and bring together those who were active in participating and developing the "new" sport of rock climbing.
In 1870, C. E. Mathews founded the "Society of Welsh Rabbits", which was a loose association of climbers who were largely English. By 1897, members of the Society saw a need for something more formal, and forty met at the Café Monico in London to discuss forming a new Club.
Originally perceived as merely a dining club, meeting once a year in London, one-third of the original members were also affiliated with the venerable Alpine Club - generally more conservative and populated largely by alpinists who had little regard for climbing in Great Britain, except as training for the Alps. The first president, C. E. Mathews, was, himself, a pillar of the AC, but supported this new adventurous but parochial initiative. Not without the wry criticism so fashionable at the time, however, as the arch-conservative mountaineer Douglas Freshfield punned:
See also.
Other UK Mountaineering 'Senior Clubs'

</doc>
<doc id="5932726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932726" title="Moy Hit 1">
Moy Hit 1

Мой HiT Выпуск #1 ("My HiT Volume #1") is the compilation album of songs performed by Kazakh singers and musical artists plus two bonus tracks from Danish singer N'Evergreen. The album includes tracks composed in the English, Russian and Kazakh languages.

</doc>
<doc id="5932729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932729" title="Saxe">
Saxe

Saxe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5932751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932751" title="Mirian Curletti">
Mirian Curletti

Mirian Belén Curletti is an Argentine Radical Civic Union politician from Chaco Province, previously representing that Province in the Argentine Senate. 
Curletti graduated as a librarian from the Universidad Nacional del Nordeste, Resistencia in 1966 and in economics from the same institution in 1973. In 2000 she gained a masters in foreign affairs from the UNNE. She became an academic and an expert in agricultural development, working at the UNNE, the government of Chaco and in Israel.
In 1997 Curletti was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for Chaco Province, serving until 2001 when she was elected to the Senate. She was the first Vice-president of the Senate and a leading UCR senator until she lost her seat in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5932757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932757" title="Alfonso López Caballero">
Alfonso López Caballero

Alfonso López Caballero (born 17 August 1944) is a Colombian economist and diplomat, the son and grandson of former Presidents of Colombia, Alfonso López Michelsen and Alfonso López Pumarejo respectively, and former congressman, government minister, ambassador to France, Canada, the United Kingdom, and presidential candidate.
Background.
Alfonso López Caballero was born in Bogotá, D.C., Colombia to Alfonso López Michelsen and Cecilia Caballero Blanco on August 17, 1944 during the second presidency of his grandfather Alfonso López Pumarejo. He married on February 22, 1969 in Caracas, Venezuela to Josefina Milagros Andreu Roca.
Educated first in the traditional Gimnasio Moderno of Bogotá, he finally concluded his secondary education in the United States after following his family into exile in 1952, when during the government of Mariano Ospina Pérez "La Violencia" against liberals targeted his family and burned down his grandfather's house. Afterwards he attended Georgetown University, his father's "alma mater", where he received his Bachelor of Science in International Relations with an specialization in Economics, from then he moved to France where he attended the European Institute for Business Administration, INSEAD and received a Master of Business Administration. He moved back to the United States where he entered Columbia University received his Master's in Economics, re-enlisted as a PhD candidate in Economics but did not finish.
Career.
He started his professional career in the economic sector, first as Assistant Manager of CitiBank in Colombia, and then as a consultant for Arthur Young & Co.
López Caballero was ambassador to France, from where he returned to serve president Gaviria as his minister for agriculture. He served as ambassador to Canada and then returned to Colombia to serve as minister of interior. 
López Caballero's effectiveness and his lack of interest for the spotlight is what led president Pastrana to appoint him as one of the government's negotiators during the peace process with the FARC communist guerrillas. During the peace negotiations he earned the respect and the trust of the top members of the guerrilla group, mainly due to his clarity, his understanding of the country and its politics, and more importantly, to the sincerity and openness with which López Caballero faced the multiple discussions Earning this recognition from the FARC was seen as quite remarkable by some commentators given that López Caballero was clearly a representative of the political, social and economic elite of the country [http://www.lanota.com/perfiles/?id=97&pais=co.
Going against his father's ideas once again, López Caballero supported Álvaro Uribe from the beginning of his presidential campaign while López Michelsen supported Horacio Serpa. López Caballero was appointed ambassador to the United Kingdom by president Uribe where he was instrumental in strengthening commercial links and in gaining support for an offensive against the guerrillas, paramilitaries and organized crime [http://www.colombianembassy.co.uk/contenidoing.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="5932762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932762" title="Mouse Guard">
Mouse Guard

Mouse Guard is an Eisner Award-winning bi-monthly comic book series published by Archaia Studios Press. The comic stands out on shelves due to its distinctive form factor -– a square (8" × 8") as opposed to the standard comic size (6½" × 10"). "Mouse Guard" is written and illustrated by David Petersen.
Series one and two of the series have been collected in a single volume each, titled, respectively "Mouse Guard: Fall 1152" (ISBN 1-932386-57-2), and "Mouse Guard: Winter 1152" (ISBN 1-932386-74-2). In June 2013, "Mouse Guard: The Black Axe" (ISBN 1-936393-06-9), a prequel which deals with Celenawe's earlier life, was published.
Main story.
"Mouse Guard" is set in a world of sentient mice who live in a medieval era, paralleling the same age in human history, though in their world there are no humans. Its stories revolve around a brotherhood of mice known as the "Mouse Guard" who have sworn an oath to serve their fellow civilian mice in times of need, including making safe passage for them through the wilderness and protecting them from predators.
"The mice struggle to live safely and prosper among all of the world’s harsh conditions and predators. Thus the Mouse Guard was formed. After persevering against a weasel warlord in the winter war of 1149, the territories are no longer as troubled. True, the day to day dangers exist, but no longer are the Guard soldiers, instead they are escorts, pathfinders, weather watchers, scouts and body guards for the mice who live among the territories. Many skills are necessary for the guard to keep the borders safe. They must find new safeways and paths from village to village, lead shipments of goods from one town to another and, in case of attack, guard against all evil and harm to their territories." They are not simply soldiers that fight off intruders; rather, they are guides for the common mice looking to journey without confrontation from one hidden mouse village to another. The Guard patrols borders, finds safeways and paths through dangerous territories and treacherous terrain, watches weather patterns, and keeps the mouse territories free of predators. They do so with fearless dedication so that they might not just exist, but truly live.
Mouse Guard: Fall 1152.
"Mouse Guard: Fall 1152" is the title given to the first six-issue mini-series in its collected form.
Issue #1 - Belly Of The Beast.
Released: February 2006
ISBN 1-932386-14-9
includes pin-up by Guy Davis
A mouse peddling grain took the path from Rootwallow to Barkstone alone, but never arrived at his destination. Mouse Guard members Saxon, Kenzie and Lieam are dispatched by Gwendolyn, head of the Mouse Guard to find him.
It is quickly uncovered that the missing merchant mouse was devoured by a snake, which the three Guard members dispatch, but the plot thickens as the merchant is revealed as a traitor, carrying a detailed map of Lockhaven, home of the Mouse Guard.
Issue #2 - Shadows Within.
Released: April 2006
ISBN 1-932386-16-5
includes pin-up by Guy Davis
While Guard members Saxon, Kenzie and Lieam were tracking the path of the grain merchant, Gwendolyn has sent word to another of the Guard, Sadie. Sadie, who once watched the shoreline region of the Mouse Territories, is to make contact with another missing mouse, Guard member Conrad, as there have been no outgoing communications from his Northern shoreline dwelling "Calogero".
Sadie arrives at Calogero to find it abandoned, or so it appears. She is quickly met by the peg-legged Conrad, who relates that the grain merchant from issue #1 is a traitor who would meet his mysterious master, who always remained in the shadows at Calogero. The duo plan to leave for Lockhaven at first light to warn them, but are surrounded during the evening by crabs. Conrad sacrifices himself to the crabs so that Sadie may have a chance to escape and warn the Mouse Guard of the traitor.
Issue #3 - Rise Of The Axe.
Released: June 2006
ISBN 1-932386-18-1
includes pin-up by Rick Cortes and anjindesign.com
Saxon, Kenzie and Lieam, having abandoned the grain cart, have opted to take a lesser known path to the city of Barkstone in hopes to keep as low a profile as possible. What worries them more than knowing of a traitor, is not knowing who the traitor is. They are unaware of the information Sadie carries with her to Lockhaven, nor the fate of fellow Guard Conrad.
Arriving at the mouse city of Barkstone, Saxon, Kenzie and Lieam are forced to create a diversion to avoid watchful eyes. Kenzie and Saxon perform a duel between themselves while Lieam attempts to blend in with the townsmice. Lieam's investigation takes an unexpected twist when he uncovers The Axe, a well-organized anti-Guard group.
Issue #4 - The Dark Ghost.
Released: August 2006
ISBN 1-932386-23-8
includes pin-up by Mark Smylie
Hiding within the ranks of the mysterious militia known only as 'the Axe', Lieam is unaware that his Guard companions, Kenzie and Saxon, have been left for dead outside Barkstone's gates. Celanawe, a hermit and stranger of the mouse cities, retrieves and drags them to his secluded home.
The hermit Celanawe proclaims himself to be none other than the Black Axe, famed champion of the Mouse Guard who has been long presumed dead. Saxon, escaping his bonds, engages in combat with Celanawe, which results in the hermit's house burning down, but not before Kenzie is able to convince Celanawe that they must work together to stop the Axe. The Black Axe's legendary axe has been pilfered, which the two Guard mice agree to help recover. Elsewhere, Lieam is uncovered by the Axe as a spy and he realizes that the Axe's leader has a familiar voice.
Issue #5 - Midnight's Dawn.
Released: October 2006
ISBN 1-932386-25-4
includes pin-up by Jeremy Bastian
The Axe marches on Lockhaven with the captive Lieam. While tracking the treacherous Axe army, Saxon and Kenzie found a new ally in an old hermit mouse named Celenawe, claiming to be the ancient hero of mice: The Black Axe. His fate intertwined with two of the Guard's finest, he offered to aide them in their pursuit, in hopes to hold them to their word of retrieving his missing axe.
Midnight, the Mouse Guard's weaponsmith, is revealed to be the commander of the Axe army. He claims that "The Guard is useless...Gwendolyn exploits us. Cities, towns, and villages hold all the power. And Guard mice are their pawns. The territories need one sole leader. One who can offer security and prosperity. One who is not afraid to hunt down our predators. One who is more than a mere Guard mouse." Midnight then relates a tale of his discovery of the fabled Black Axe, which began when he accidentally uncovered, during the previous year, a secret room below the armory that housed a record of The Black Axe.
As Saxon and Kenzie travel with Celenawe, they privately discuss whether they think the old hermit is indeed the Black Axe. Celenawe continues to impress the Guard mice, not only setting the pace for their tracking but detouring them to higher ground and near a stockpile of weapons Kenzie made years before.
Sadie makes her way to Lockhaven successfully, beating both the Axe army and the Guard's mice tracking them to the gates. She warns the mice inside of the impending treachery and Lockhaven immediately locks itself down.
Issue #6 - A Return to Honor.
Released: January 2007
ISBN 1-932386-29-7
includes pin-up by Jeremy Bastian
Midnight's army reaches Lockhaven as the Guardsmice inside try to stave off the invasion. Kenzie and Celanawe convince Saxon not to try attacking the army head on.
The Axe assault Lockhaven and Midnight and several of his followers are able to get inside before the portcullis is dropped. He nearly succeeds in killing Gwendolyn but is thwarted by the timely arrival of Celenawe, who fights Midnight while Lieam frees himself and fights alongside Saxon, Kenzie and Sadie against Midnight's followers. Celenawe finally subdues Midnight, leading to The Axe's defeat. After Gwendolyn banishes Midnight beyond the scent boundaries of the Mouse Territories to certain death, Lockhaven begins to settle down for the winter and Celenawe returns to the Guard.
Collected edition.
Released: May 2007 HC, March 2008 PB
ISBN 1-932386-57-2 HC, ISBN 0-345-49686-8 PB
Both the hardcover and the paperback include several pages of previously unreleased material. The paperback includes an additional eight pages of "pin-up" art by Petersen himself (not to be confused with the guest pin ups which are also included in both editions).
Mouse Guard: Winter 1152.
"Mouse Guard: Winter 1152" is the direct sequel to "Mouse Guard: Fall 1152". It is a six issue mini-series that was published in 2007-2008. This series differs in that there are no subtitles to each issue.
Issue #1.
Released: July 2007
ISBN 1-932386-60-2
includes pin-up by Geof Darrow
Saxon, Kenzie, Sadie, Leiam, and Celanawe are out during a bitter winter that has befallen the Mouse Territories. They embark as ambassadors for Gwendolyn in an attempt to unite the Mouse Territories and aid Lockhaven throughout the winter, for the home of the Guard Mice is short on supplies.
Issue #2.
Released: September 2007
ISBN 1-932386-65-3
includes pin-up by Stan Sakai
After Sadie drives off an owl by hitting one of its eyes, the group is divided when Kenzie, Saxon and Sadie fall into a tunnel. It's soon revealed to be a Weasel air vent with no easy way out. Above ground Celanawe and Leiam push on home in the hopes of returning with the supplies in time to save both Rand and Lockhaven itself. Working their way through the abandoned Weasel city of Darkheather the trio of guard mice wonder if it's as deserted as it looks. While back home in Lockhaven a poisoner is afoot!
Issue #3.
Released: November 2007
ISBN
includes pin-up by Craig Rousseau
With Lockhavens exits sealed, the search for Abagail the poisoner begins. Elsewhere the freezing rain forces Celanawe and Lieam to dig in until it passes. Kenzie, Saxon and Sadie go deeper into the former Weasel territory and discover its new occupants, Bats! 
As the trio fight the bats the ceiling collapses forcing the bats to retreat while Saxon is still holding onto one. Back in the snow hole Celanawe hears something above them...
Issue #4.
Released: January 2008
ISBN
includes pin-up by Nate Pride
Bats taking claim of the abandoned weasel kingdom of Darkheather halted Saxon, Kenzie, and Sadies's progress through the underground nightmare. In a foolishly brave maneuver, Saxon raised sword against them and was carried off into the darkness. Back at Lockhaven, Abagail the poisoner has been killed. Meanwhile, the remaining bottle of medicine from Sprucetuck is also in danger as the one-eyed owl has found Celanawe and Lieam's ice shelter
Issue #5.
Released:June 2008
The battle between Celanawe, Lieam, and the one-eyed owl rages on. Tired, frozen, and with little hope of getting the medicine to Lockhaven, their only goal now is survival. Deep beneath the surface in the abandoned Darkheather, Saxon escapes the bats. He then finds the remains of a former master, obtains the dead master's weapon, and rejoins his companions Sadie and Kenzie and discover a way back to Lockhaven through an underground river that runs into Darkheather. The owl fatally wounds Celanawe.
Issue #6.
Released: August 2008
Lieam manages to kill the owl with Celanawe's Black Axe. With the food and medicine shortage still unresolved, hares and riders depart from Lockhaven, on a desperate search and rescue mission for Celanawe and Lieam, still unaccounted for. They find Lieam and bring Celanawe's body back to Lockhaven, where he is cremated. A flashback reveals that Celanawe named Lieam as his successor prior to his death, and he later leaves Lockhaven with the Black Axe.
Collected edition.
Released: December 2008 HC, Unreleased PB
ISBN 1-932386-74-2 HC, ISBN Unreleased PB
Mouse Guard: Spring 1153.
A one-shot released in May 2010 as part of Free Comic Book Day. Three months after Lieam's disappearance, the mice face threats from predators which have come out of hibernation.
Mouse Guard: Black Axe.
"Mouse Guard: Black Axe " is a prequel to "Mouse Guard: Fall 1152" and "Mouse Guard: Winter 1152". It is a six issue mini-series that began in December 2010. The 6th and final issue was published in February, 2013. In June, 2013, a single volume collecting all six issues was published.
Mouse Guard: the Winter War (Of 1149) (working title).
In August 2009 Petersen said in an interview with Comic Book Resources that after "Black Axe" he would start working on the fourth title in the series that would take place during the mouse war with the weasels in winter 1149. He also continued: "I'm scared to death of drawing a war because that's daunting. In the fifth book, we're coming back to this time-line post-winter"
Mouse Guard: Legends of the Guard.
In October 2009 Petersen announced a new mini-series anthology spin-off, featuring stories from the Mouse Guard world by other creators, including Jeremy Bastian, Nate Pride, and Mark Smylie. The anthology was published in four issues, with a single-volume collected edition published in November, 2010 (ISBN 978-1932386943). It won the Eisner Award in 2011 for best anthology.
Sketchbooks.
2006: Petersen created a Mouse Guard Sketchbook that was self-distributed, both through his website and at conventions. Each copy had a unique sketch by Petersen drawn on the inside of the front cover.
2007: A second sketchbook was released in July 2007, which debuted at the San Diego Comic-Con. This release was 40 pages, black and white, with a mix of pencil sketches, inked convention drawings, and new character profiles. Production was strictly limited to 333 numbered copies.
2008: A third sketchbook was released in July 2008, available at the San Diego Comic-Con. This was a 24 page release in full color, utilizing a hand selected pick of commissioned sketches drawn at conventions for fans. Production was limited to 300 numbered copies.
2009: Like the 2008 Sketchbook, this was also a full color 24 page publication of handpicked commissions. Its debut was the San Diego Comic Con in 2009. Production was limited to 300 copies.
Other editions.
Comixpress edition of issue #1.
The ComiXpress printing of Mouse Guard issue #1 from May 2005 is the "true first" printing of the issue. It was self-published by Petersen prior to signing with Archaia Studios Press and limited between 200 and 250 copies. The main differences are the interior art, which is black-and-white as opposed to full-color in the Archaia edition, and the "$3.00" price printed on the covers top-right corner.
Various reprintings.
Due to high demand and low print runs (Mouse Guard: Fall 1152 issue #1 was produced in a quantity of 8,000 copies), Archaia Studios Press has made various reprintings of issues as they have gone out of print.
Fall 1152: Issue #1
Fall 1152: Issue #2
Fall 1152: Issue #3
Other media.
Games.
An official Mouse Guard role-playing game was created by Luke Crane in late 2008. It is similar in design to his fantasy role-playing game "The Burning Wheel", using a simplified version of the rules. It won Best Role-Playing Game at the 2009 Origins Awards.
Figures.
An official set of PVC figures (Lieam, Saxon and Kenzie), a plush Lieam doll and a group statue (Lieam, Saxon and Kenzie) was also released by Diamond Select Toys.
Film.
There are plans in progress for Mouse Guard to be made into a film with Petersen confirming interest from a producer and director.

</doc>
<doc id="5932787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5932787" title="Tous les secrets">
Tous les secrets

"Tous les secrets" (meaning "All the Secrets") is the second single from Céline Dion's French greatest hits album "On ne change pas" (""We never change"") and also a theme song from the animated movie "Asterix and the Vikings". The music download was released in Canada on the same day as the album (October 4, 2005), but the CD single was released on March 13, 2006 in France, Belgium, Switzerland and Greece. In Poland, "Tous les secrets" was released on September 1, 2005 as the first and only radio single from "On ne change pas".
The track was written and produced by Kristian Lundin, who already worked with Dion on hits like "That's the Way It Is" and "I'm Alive," and by Jacques Veneruso who wrote "Sous le vent," "Tout l'or des hommes" and "Je ne vous oublie pas" among others. 
The CD single included also an English-language version of "Tous les secrets," called "Let Your Heart Decide." Both versions could be found later on the "Asterix and the Vikings" movie soundtrack, released on April 3, 2006. The music videos for both versions include fragments from the film. They were released on February 27, 2006, and included later on the "Asterix and the Vikings" DVD, released on October 25, 2006.
Céline Dion promoted this song by performing it in a French TV show, called "Hit Machine". 
"Tous les secrets" peaked at number 7 in Quebec, number 10 in Greece, number 20 in France and number 33 in Belgium Wallonia.
Formats and track listings.
Canadian digital single
European CD single

</doc>
