<doc id="5857232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857232" title="Deal or No Deal (Denmark)">
Deal or No Deal (Denmark)

Deal/No Deal is the Danish version of "Deal or No Deal", which airs on TV 2. It is hosted by comedian and TV personality Casper Christensen. The top prize is DKK 2,000,000 (about US$350,000, €270,000, or GB£190,000) the lowest one DKK 1 (about 17 US cents, €0.13, or £0.09).
In this version of "Deal or No Deal", the banker is female.
Episodes.
Episode 1 (aired August 28, 2006).
In the first episode, the contestant, 28-year old Sarah Hedelund from Kolding chose to make a deal of 200,000 DKK. A good one, since her briefcase (#11) just contained 2,500 DKK all along. She dealt with two amounts remaining - her 2,500 and 400,000.
Episode 2 (aired September 4, 2006).
This episode's contestant was 30-year-old Chilean-rooted Branko Nuñes from Copenhagen. He dealt for 350,000 DKK with 300, 50,000, and 1,000,000 back on the board. His case (#11), though, had 1,000,000 DKK in it. His next selection, #10 (interestingly held by a Chilean model), would have opened 50,000. #3, the last one, contained the 300.
Episode 3 (aired September 11, 2006).
In this episode the contestant was 30-year-old Carina Nielsen from Smørum who picked suitcase #17. She finally dealt for 840,000 DKK when there were only two suitcases left, 100,000 DKK and 2,000,000 DKK. However her suitcase contained the 2,000,000, but she decided the risk was too large to continue.
Episode 4 (aired September 18, 2006).
This week's contestant was Susanne Olesen, 53-years-old and from Frederiksværk. She dealt for 136,000 with 50, 300, and 500,000 left. Her suitcase contained 300.
Episode 5 (aired 25th September 2006).
This week's contestant was Radulf Sven, 41 years old from Jutland. He dealt for 1,100,000DKK with 300,000DKK and 2,000,000DKK and #1 would have had 300,000DKK and he made the right deal.

</doc>
<doc id="5857238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857238" title="Deal or No Deal (Chile)">
Deal or No Deal (Chile)

Deal or No Deal was originally broadcast in Chile by Canal 13 and hosted by Don Francisco. The original version, called "Trato Hecho", began with 400 participants on the show, and it follows a similar format to the Netherlands' original "Miljoenenjacht" format. Players could win from as little as 1 Chilean peso (less than 1 US cent, 1 eurocent, or 1 British penny) to as much as 120,000,000 Chilean pesos (about US$220,000, €171,000, or £112,000).

</doc>
<doc id="5857247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857247" title="A House Is Not a Home (song)">
A House Is Not a Home (song)

"A House Is Not a Home" is a 1964 song recorded by American singer Dionne Warwick, and written by the team of Burt Bacharach and Hal David for the 1964 film of the same name, starring Shelley Winters and Richard Todd. The song was a modest hit in the U.S. for Warwick, peaking at #71 on the pop singles chart as the B-side of the top 40 single, "You'll Never Get to Heaven (If You Break My Heart)". Another version of the song, by Brook Benton, which was the version that appeared in the film, was released at nearly the same time. It debuted two weeks earlier on the Billboard Hot 100. Benton's version split airplay with Warwick's, and ultimately peaked at #75.
Warwick's version of "A House Is Not a Home" fared better in Canada, where it was a top 40 hit, peaking at #37. The song made the R&B top 10 in Cashbox by both Warwick and Benton, with neither artist specified as best seller.
Despite its modest initial success, the song went on to achieve greater renown through frequent recordings by other artists, including a hit version in 1981 by Luther Vandross.
Production.
The Warwick single was performed in the key of F major.
Luther Vandross version.
The song was covered by R&B singer Luther Vandross on his 1981 debut album "Never Too Much". The track, which was recorded at seven minutes long, was released as a single and became an R&B hit, and later one of Vandross's signature songs. His performance of the song at the 1988 NAACP Awards telecast would bring Warwick to tears.
Vandross' version was sampled on the 2004 Kanye West/Jamie Foxx/Twista hit "Slow Jamz" in 2004.
Duet Ne-Yo version.
Warwick hits redone as duets, including "A House Is Not A Home," featuring Ne-Yo. Check out an exclusive stream of the newly-revamped duet below:"It was such a pleasant surprise to hear Ne-Yo’s full bodied voice and the sensitive approach he gave to ‘A House Is Not A Home.' Being in the studio with him was an absolute pleasure and I hope we can do it again," Warwick told Billboard.
Other cover versions.
Following the original singles by Warwick and Benton, Bacharach himself covered the song on his 1965 debut "Hit Maker!: Burt Bacharach plays the Burt Bacharach Hits".
Stevie Wonder covered the song on his 1968 album "Eivets Rednow".
English rock duo The Marbles performed the song and was released on the group's 1970 self-titled album.
Dusty Springfield performed the song with Bacharach on the 1970 television special "Another Evening With Burt Bacharach" (a performance she was "quite proud of").
Barbra Streisand recorded a medley of the song with "One Less Bell to Answer" (the 5th Dimension hit) for her 1971 album "Barbra Joan Streisand".
Ronald Isley would record his own version with Bacharach, using essentially the same template as Luther Vandross.
In 2001, Japanese reggae artists Reggae Disco Rockers, released a reggae version of the song that very closely follows the melodies and styles of the original.
In 2002, Lynne Arriale covered the song on her album "Inspiration".
In 2005, Aretha Franklin covered the song for the tribute album "".
In 2012, Steps covered the song for their festive themed album, "Light Up The World".
Instrumental covers.
Various jazz musicians have performed and recorded the song, and it has thus acquired the status of a jazz standard.
Sonny Rollins recorded a version at the 1974 Montreux Jazz Festival, released on "The Cutting Edge".
Bill Evans recorded the song for his 1977 album "I Will Say Goodbye" in the key of B flat major
In 1993, pianist Joe Sample covered the song on the album "Invitation".
In 1995, another instrumental rendition was released on saxophonist Nelson Rangell's album "Destiny".
Other uses in theater, film and television.
"A House Is Not a Home" was one of several Bacharach/David hits added to the score of the 2010 Broadway revival of "Promises, Promises" (a Bacharach/David musical from 1968). It was performed by Kristin Chenoweth.
The song was covered twice in "Home," the sixteenth episode of the TV series "Glee", once by Chris Colfer and Cory Monteith, and once by Matthew Morrison and Kristin Chenoweth as part of a medley with "One Less Bell to Answer."
Cultural references.
Psychedelic band Love parodied the song's title on their album "Forever Changes" in 1967, by naming one of their songs "A House Is Not a Motel".
Peter Hammill parodied the title on his album "The Silent Corner and the Empty Stage" in 1974, naming the lengthy final number "A Louse Is Not a Home".

</doc>
<doc id="5857248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857248" title="Bouchard IV of Avesnes">
Bouchard IV of Avesnes

Burchard IV or Bouchard IV (1182–1244) was the lord of Avesnes and Étrœungt. He was the son of James of Avesnes and Adela of Guise and brother of Walter, Count of Blois by marriage.
Bouchard began his career as a cantor and subdeacon in the church of Laon. In 1212, he was named bailiff of Hainaut. In this capacity, he served as tutor and guardian of the young Margaret, sister of Joanna, Countess of Flanders and Hainault. Soon he married Margaret, though she was only ten years old and the marriage could not be consummated. Neither did Joanna or Count Ferdinand give their consent.
Bouchard lived a war-like life. He invaded the territory of his brother Walter, who had received most of their patrimony. He then invaded Flanders and forced Joanna and Ferdinand to recognise his marriage to Margaret. He then fought at the Battle of Bouvines in 1214, under the (losing) Flemish banner. Philip Augustus, the king of France and victor of Bouvines, then councilled the pope, Innocent III, to declared the marriage of Bouchard and Margaret illegal. Innocent eventually excommunicated the couple on 19 January 1216. They took refuge in Luxembourg. Bouchard was captured in combat and imprisoned in Ghent for two years. To obtain his release, Margaret accepted the dissolution of the marriage and Bouchard left for Italy to fight for the Holy See. Upon his return, he was decapitated at Rupelmonde on the orders of Joanna.
Bouchard and Margaret had three children, who played an important part in the War of the Succession of Flanders and Hainault:

</doc>
<doc id="5857258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857258" title="Zora G. Clevenger">
Zora G. Clevenger

Zora G. Clevenger (December 12, 1881 – November 24, 1970) was an American football, basketball, and baseball player, coach, and pioneering athletic director. He served as the head football coach at Nebraska Wesleyan University (1908–1910), the University of Tennessee (1911–1915), and Kansas State University (1916–1919), compiling a record of 47–32–7. Clevenger was also the head basketball coach at Indiana University (1904–1906), Nebraska Wesleyan (1907–1911), Tennessee (1911–1916), and Kansas State (1916–1919), and was baseball coach at Indiana (1905–1906), Nebraska Wesleyan (1908–1911), Tennessee (1911–1916), and Kansas State (1919–1921). Clevenger served as the athletic director at Kansas State (1916–1920), the University of Missouri (1921–1923), and Indiana (1923–1946). He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1968.
Playing career.
Clevenger was a star 5'7", 145-pound left halfback on the Indiana Hoosiers football team at Indiana University from 1900 to 1903. Although little more than jockey-sized, he was the school's first great Hall of Fame athlete. Clevenger also played baseball (as a shortstop) and basketball at Indiana as well, and was captain of all three squads.
In 1902 the Indiana baseball team closed their season at home against Minnesota. Clevenger came to bat down 10-8, two on, two out, last of the ninth. He hit a home run to win the game. Later he said, "It wasn't a big school then, but the students got together, took up a collection, and went uptown and bought me a gold watch. It's one of my most prized possessions."
As a senior and captain on the football team in 1903, Clevenger kicked a field goal, ran a punt back for a touchdown, and led his team to a shocking 17-0 win over Illinois. The crowd of 1,500 carried Clevenger and other Hoosiers off the field, then marched behind the band downtown for a celebration that lasted into the night.
Coaching and sports administration career.
Following his graduation, Clevenger served as head coach for the basketball and baseball teams at Indiana for two years. He then coached football, basketball, and baseball at Nebraska Wesleyan University from 1908 to 1911.
In 1911, Clevenger moved to the University of Tennessee, where he served as head football, basketball, and baseball coach until 1916. While at UT, he posted a 26–15–2 record in football, including a conference championship and the school's first undefeated season in 1914. At the same time, his 1915–1916 basketball team went undefeated, and was acknowledged as the best team in the South. Clevenger also served as athletic director at Tennessee.
Prior to the 1916 football season, Clevenger moved to Kansas State University, where he served as head football coach, head basketball coach, head baseball coach, and as the first athletic director for the school. Curiously, John R. Bender moved from Kansas State to Tennessee at the same time, so the two schools in effect swapped football coaches. Clevenger's football teams at Kansas State had an overall record of 19–9–2. He found even more success in basketball, posting a 54–17 record, still the best winning percentage in school history, and winning two Missouri Valley Conference championships.
In 1921, Clevenger left the coaching profession and moved to the University of Missouri, where he served as athletic director until 1923. In 1923, Clevenger returned to Indiana and became its most venerated athletic director, holding that position for 23 years before retiring in 1946. He was replaced in the position by Bo McMillin. While at IU, Clevenger helped found the annual East–West Shrine Game.
Honors.
Clevenger was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1968. The I-Men's Association at Indiana University annually awards a Z. G. Clevenger Award in his honor. It is the highest award given by the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="5857278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857278" title="Coyote Springs, Nevada">
Coyote Springs, Nevada

Coyote Springs, Nevada, is a master-planned community being developed in Lincoln County and Clark County, Nevada. The community was initially planned by developer and attorney-lobbyist Harvey Whittemore and Pardee Homes. Thomas Seeno and Albert Seeno, Jr. became the sole owners of Coyote Springs following Whittemore's resignation from the Wingfield Nevada Holding Group amidst legal troubles. No homes had been built as of 2013, and a Wingfield spokesperson predicted that construction remained years away.
Current development.
A golf course designed by Jack Nicklaus has been constructed, but additional work was put on hold due to the economic recession in the United States and complex legal issues. The planned development has attracted controversy because of environmental concerns and allegations of political favoritism.
Location.
The community was planned to cover or . While mostly in Lincoln County, initial development was planned for the Clark County portion of the land. Coyote Springs is located between U.S. Route 93 on the west and the Meadow Valley Mountains to the east, a drive of less than an hour from the city of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Strip. The Coyote Springs valley is bisected by several major washes including the Pahrangat Wash and the Kane Springs Wash. The only access to the community is via U.S. Route 93 and Route 168.
History.
Plans for Coyote Springs were first announced in 1998. Construction on the first golf course, designed by professional golfer Jack Nicklaus, began in 2005; the course opened in 2008. Construction on the community itself was planned for around the same time, with the official ground breaking held on July 5, 2006. Regulatory issues involving water rights and environmental issues delayed construction. An economic recession in the US recession placed construction plans on hold. Progress has been stalled further by various legal battles, and there is skepticism as to whether homes will ever be built.
In 2009, BrightSource Energy had announced plans to build a solar thermal power plant within the development. Generators provided electricity until 2012, when an electricity substation was opened.
Controversy.
Coyote Springs has proven controversial because of environmental issues and allegations of perceived favours granted developer Harvey Whittemore by politicians including Senator Harry Reid. In 2012, Whittemore was convicted on three felony charges related to illegal campaign donations to Harry Reid.
Whittemore split from his business partners, Thomas Seeno and Albert Seeno, Jr., in 2010, resigning from Wingfield Holding Group and selling his stake in Coyote Springs. The Seenos had accused Whittemore of embezzling funds from the company, including improper use of Wingfield resources to support the troubled Whittemore Peterson Institute. Whittemore responded with a countersuit. Wingfield and Pardee Homes have also been engaged in legal battles.
In February 2009, the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental advocacy group, announced plans to sue the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) for violations of the Endangered Species Act. The Center contends the Coyote Springs development and resultant loss of water resources and habitat would harm the desert tortoise and potentially hasten the extinction of the Moapa dace, both endangered species. The Fish and Wildlife Service and Nevada's water authority responded that they, too, are interested in protecting the Moapa dace, a small fish living in the Muddy River north of Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="5857286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857286" title="Russell Kerr">
Russell Kerr

Russell Whiston Kerr (1 February 1921 - 15 November 1983) was a British Labour Party politician.
Kerr was educated at the Shore School, Sydney, Sydney Church of England Grammar School and Sydney University. He served with the Pathfinder Force of the Royal Air Force during World War II. He became a director of the Town and Country Planning Association and an air charter executive. He was a national executive member of the Association of Supervisory Staff, Executives and Technicians from 1964.
Kerr contested Horsham in 1951, Merton and Morden in 1959 and Preston North in 1964.
He was Member of Parliament for Feltham from 1966 to 1974, and for Feltham and Heston from 1974 to 1983. He lost his seat in that year's landslide defeat for Labour, to the Conservative Patrick Ground.
In 1960 Kerr married Anne Kerr, Member of Parliament for Rochester and Chatham from 1964 to 1970. He was found dead in his car in Twickenham, believed to have suffered a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="5857292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857292" title="Kevin Sutherland">
Kevin Sutherland

Kevin John Sutherland (born July 4, 1964) is an American professional golfer. 
Sutherland was born in Sacramento, California and graduated from Christian Brothers High School. He attended Fresno State University and made the golf team as a walk-on freshman. Teased by his teammates for his unorthodox swing and unusual grip, he silenced his peers as he gained All-American status twice in his four years at Fresno State and became the most successful player ever to have spent time there. His younger brother David also attended Fresno while Kevin was there and followed in his brother's footsteps as an All-American golfer.
As a professional, Sutherland qualified for the PGA Tour in 1992 and has been a regular ever since. He won the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship in 2002. Sutherland has played very consistent golf throughout his whole career, but could not follow up his win. He had an exceptional 2008 season that included 6 top ten finishes, including playoff losses to Vijay Singh at the 2008 Barclays and Cameron Beckman at the 2008 Frys.com Open. This runner-up finish vaulted Sutherland well inside the top thirty on the 2008 PGA Tour money list, and secured him a spot in the 2009 Masters Tournament. 
He has featured in the top 50 of the Official World Golf Rankings. Back and neck injuries forced Sutherland to limit his PGA Tour career in 2011 and 2012. Sutherland returned to playing full-time in 2013. He fell short of satisfying his medical extension, but earned enough to remain on the PGA Tour with conditional status for the remainder of 2013.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
World Golf Championships.
Results timeline.
1Canceled due to 9/11<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
QF, R16, R32, R64 = Round in which player lost in match play<br>
"T" = Tied<br>
NT = No tournament<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.<br>
Note that the HSBC Champions did not become a WGC event until 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5857296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857296" title="Deyangshar">
Deyangshar

Deyangshar is the name given to the central open courtyard of a monastery in Tibet and parts of Myanmar where it is used for ceremonies, burning incense and prayer and to divide the living quarters from the temples of Buddhist prayer and study. One such example is the Potala Palace of the Dalai Lama in Lhasa where the great palacial monastery is divided into a white and a red palace with a yellow painted Deyangshar separating to two sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="5857304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857304" title="Dun, Ariège">
Dun, Ariège

Dun is a commune in the Ariège department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France. In 1973, the commune Dun was expanded with the former communes Merviel, Engraviès and Senesse-de-Senabugue.

</doc>
<doc id="5857305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857305" title="Alliance (basketball)">
Alliance (basketball)

Alliance was an American basketball team based in Alliance, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League. The team replaced the East Liverpool Potters for the final 10 games of the 1908/09 season going 0-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5857306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857306" title="Florida's 12th congressional district">
Florida's 12th congressional district

Florida's 12th congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S. Congress and was reassigned in 2012, effective January 2013, along the Gulf coast of central Florida. The district includes New Port Richey north of Tampa. It covers Pasco County and parts of north Pinellas County and Hillsborough County.
The district is currently represented by Republican Gus Bilirakis.
List of representatives.
The following list includes the names of the former representatives of the 12th congressional district, who are elected for 2-year terms, but can be re-elected to serve multiple terms.
Historical district boundaries.
The former 12th district, during 2003–2012, covered areas further east and encompassed much of Polk County as well as parts of rural and suburban east Hillsborough County and a small piece of western Osceola County, which became the center of the 9th district.

</doc>
<doc id="5857307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857307" title="Hem/Cai">
Hem/Cai

Hem, named Cai at birth is a Minor Bard in the "Pellinor" series of fantasy adventure books by Alison Croggon. He is the brother of Maerad and like her has amazing Bardic skills.
At a very early age, Cai, as he was then known, was taken from his home by a group of Hulls during the sacking of Pellinor. They renamed him Hem, to better fit the realm in which they lived, and spent much effort and energy in trying to pervert him and bring him to the side of the Dark.
Powers and abilities.
Hem has a large Bardic power, as he is of the house of Karn. As with his sister Maerad, his raw power seems huge. Although little has been seen of his performing magery, he has not been tired by it, and has mastered complex spells, leading to speculation that he is of the same strength as Maerad. If indeed he is, he will be able to do similar feats as she, including conversing in the Elidhu language without needing to learn it. He seems largely skilled in deceptive magery — e.g.: glimmerspells and shadowveils, which are used to disguise or conceal — possibly because of needing to do so in his early childhood, and he is also naturally gifted in Healing.
Possessions.
Due to his early kidnapping, Hem owns few items. His most cherished possession is the symbol of the House of Karn which he keeps in a cloth bag held closely round his neck. He is accompanied a white crow named Irc, who in some ways is his familiar.
Hem has recently been told by a Tree Elidhu that he is the second Foretold One, as both "the brother and sister" are needed: one to sing the Treesong and one to play the tune and listen.

</doc>
<doc id="5857317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857317" title="You're Gonna Need Me">
You're Gonna Need Me

"You're Gonna Need Me" is a 1973 soul song recorded by Dionne Warwick on her album, "Just Being Myself". It was released as the b-side to the title track, which peaked at #62 on the R&B singles chart in 1973. Released during the post-Bacharach and David period of Warwick's career, the song was written and produced by Holland–Dozier–Holland, who were six years into recording their post-Motown period. The song would be revived as a hip hop sample, most notably by J Dilla on the track "Stop" on the last album he finished, "Donuts", and Just Blaze, who sampled Warwick's vocals from the song for Usher's 2004 single, "Throwback", off the multi-platinum album, "Confessions".

</doc>
<doc id="5857321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857321" title="Central Basketball League">
Central Basketball League

The Central Basketball League was an early regional professional or semi-pro basketball league based in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The league disbanded on November 12, 1912 after playing a few exhibition games. Joseph "Joe" Meech Leithead served as Secretary prior to 1908 and President of the League for four years 1908-1912. Previously, Leithead was coach and captain of the Pittsburgh's South Side team from 1899-1907. "Joe Leithead Retires from the Floor Game" 10/20/43 Pittsburgh Sun Telegraph article by Harry Keck (sports editor) "Low Score Basketball Games Recalled by Vets' Reunion - Joe Leithead Honor Guest". 

</doc>
<doc id="5857326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857326" title="Saurosuchus">
Saurosuchus

Saurosuchus (meaning "lizard crocodile" in Greek) is an extinct genus of rauisuchian archosaur in the family Prestosuchidae. With a length of around 7 m (23 ft), it was the largest rauisuchian, except perhaps for the less well known "Fasolasuchus". Like other rauisuchians, "Saurosuchus" walked on four fully erect limbs. It lived in the Late Triassic of Argentina.
Description.
"Saurosuchus" is one of the largest rauisuchians. The complete skeleton is not known and size estimates range from around in total body length. Dorsal osteoderms run along the back of "Saurosuchus". There are two rows to either side of the midline, with each leaf-shaped osteoderm joining tightly with the ones in front of and behind it.
Skull.
It has a deep, laterally compressed skull. The teeth are large, recurved, and serrated. The skull is wide at its back and narrows in front of the eyes. The skull roof and maxilla are somewhat pitted, a distinguishing feature not seen in any other rauisuchian. Pitting is also seen in aquatic phytosaurs and crocodilians, but the ridges and grooves are deeper and much more extensive across the skulls of these forms. The frontal bones, located at the top of the skull, are enlarged to form thick ridges over the eyes. As in other rauisuchians, a small rod projects down from the lacrimal bone in front of the eye, but it does not attach firmly to the jugal bone below it. Ridges along the upper surface of the supraoccipital bone at the back of the skull are attachment points for strong neck ligaments. The cervical vertebrae are shortened and robust, forming a strong neck. 
Discovery.
"Saurosuchus" is known from several partial skeletons collected from the Ischigualasto Formation of Argentina. The holotype specimen consists of a complete but deformed skull, dorsal vertebrae, dorsal osteoderms, and parts of the pelvis. The hind limbs, tail, neck, and scapulae are also represented in several other skeletons. The type species "S. galilei" was named in 1959. "Saurosuchus" was also reported from the Chinle Formation of Arizona in 2002 on the basis of isolated teeth and small skull fragments. The diagnostic value of these bones has been questioned in later studies, which considered them to be from an indeterminate species of rauisuchian.

</doc>
<doc id="5857327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857327" title="Imma von Bodmershof">
Imma von Bodmershof

Imma von Bodmershof (née Emma Lilly Isolde von Ehrenfels) (August 10, 1895 – August 26, 1982) was an Austrian poet born in Graz. She received the Grand Austrian State Prize in 1958 for her work "Sieben Handvoll Salz" (Seven Handfuls of Sand), a novel set in Sicily. She was engaged to be married to and influenced by the works of Norbert von Hellingrath. She had a talent for Haiku writing and published several volumes.
Imma was the daughter of Baron Christian von Ehrenfels, the founder of the modern structural Gestalt psychology in Austria. She was also the sister of Umar Rolf Baron Ehrenfels, an orientalist and anthropologist who converted to Islam. 

</doc>
<doc id="5857333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857333" title="Otok (disambiguation)">
Otok (disambiguation)

Otok can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857339" title="Butler (basketball)">
Butler (basketball)

"see also Butler Bulldogs men's basketball"
Butler was an American basketball team based in Butler, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857346" title="Football Network">
Football Network

The Football Network is a network that covered all aspects of American football, including the NFL, college football, high school, and various semi-pro and indoor leagues. 
TFN is one of the few nationwide TV networks in the United States that has ever been owned by an African-American.
History.
Founding.
TFN, The Football Network was founded in August 1996 by Jantonio Turner, when he wanted to find more football highlights and he discovered that no other all-football channel existed. He was first mentored by Sheldon Altfeld who had launched his own channel and who by then was giving seminars to entrepreneurs who wished to begin their own networks. 
In 1998, Jantonio hired investment banker Stan Medley to take The Football Network public. This was achieved in October on 1998 when The Football Network began trading on the OTC Pink Sheets under the stock symbol TFNK to help it attract the funding necessary to launch. Over the next few years the company laid the groundwork for the establishment of a channel from extensive qualitative and quantitative market research, to hiring Newberger Greenberg and Associates, the media consulting firm who did the business plans for The Golf Channel. 
TFN would go on to create a national radio show distributed by Sportsbyline USA, other football programming distributed by local television stations, and a conditional carriage agreement with the NCTC, representing 8.5 million cable subscribers in the nation's smaller cable systems.
After the groundwork was complete, the company's key shareholders thought it best to turn the company over to sports executive Jerry Solomon. Turner's role was reduced to the figurehead of founder. Solomon negotiated a deal with the State of Louisiana to move the channel's headquarters to Baton Rouge, a conditional carriage agreement with Time Warner, and programming for SpikeTV and USA Network. Unfortunately, the ultimate success of the company would be judged by the full-time launch of the channel and that required funding in the neighborhood of $100 million. In the unknown financial market right before the eventual collapse of the global financial market, TFN found sources of such funding lessening and even had negotiations which would never come to fruition.
Headquarters and "soft launch".
The network's headquarters was in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and the network had a "soft launch" in August 2003 in a few markets even without the major funding secured. In its first year, TFN covered college games on the Division I-AA and lower levels, plus a few high school games.
Mounting troubles.
Mounting costs and very low distribution, combined with the NFL launching their network, Fox Sports Net launching their College Sports suite, and the higher profile launch of CSTV, made lasting on the air difficult, and the network stopped broadcasting in the spring of 2004. 
Possible revitalization.
Turner was given back control of the company in 2006 and has been taking the steps necessary to effect a turnaround, and now having simplified the business strategy to what TFN was able to do before, and with the industry's insatiable need for programming and the American public's insatiable desire for football, TFN announced on August 4, 2009 the reorganization revitalization plan for TFNK.

</doc>
<doc id="5857354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857354" title="Ray Fletcher">
Ray Fletcher

Leopold Raymond Fletcher (3 December 1921 – 16 March 1991) was a Labour Party politician.
Fletcher served in the British Army (1941–48) in the Far East, the Middle East and the British Army of the Rhine. He subsequently worked as military advisor on Joan Littlewood's "Oh What a Lovely War". He became a journalist, author and lecturer and wrote two plays.
Fletcher contested Wycombe in 1955. He was Member of Parliament for Ilkeston from 1964 to 1983. The seat was abolished that year in boundary changes.
He was revealed as a spy for the Soviet Union according to the records furnished by Vasili Mitrokhin, who arrived in the West after the Cold War.
The widow of the late Labour MP angrily denied the accusation that he was a Russian spy and claimed that he had, in fact, carried out missions for MI6. Catherine Fletcher maintained that not only was her husband an anti-Communist, but he had been asked to use his left-wing influence on behalf of Margaret Thatcher when she was Prime Minister to persuade Bettino Craxi to stand for the post of Italian premier.

</doc>
<doc id="5857359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857359" title="Jubilee Hospital, Huntly">
Jubilee Hospital, Huntly

Jubilee Hospital, Huntly, Aberdeenshire, Scotland is a small hospital.
Jubilee Hospital was opened in 1888, having been built from public subscription. 
The Jubilee is now a busy 37 bed community hospital, comprising 12 old-age psychiatry beds, 25 General practitioner acute and some used as surgical beds. There is currently a visiting surgeon who does a list twice monthly. The maternity unit has 4 beds and is midwife led. There is a daycare unit at the hospital operating 6 days per week.
The hospital has a small x-ray department, with a full-time Radiographer, who also provides an ECG and pregnancy ultrasound scanning service. There is a 24 hour minor injury unit. There are also Physiotherapy and Occupational Therapy departments.

</doc>
<doc id="5857368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857368" title="Robert Taylor (Australian actor)">
Robert Taylor (Australian actor)

Robert Taylor (born 1963) is an Australian actor who has appeared in many films and television series in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States. On television he is best known for his lead role in the A&E television series "Longmire". On film he is best known for playing Agent Jones on "The Matrix".
Early life.
Taylor was born in 1963 in Melbourne, Australia. After his parents separated when he was nine he moved to a mining town in Western Australia to live with his aunt and uncle. As a teenager he worked as a miner. He had several jobs after that, including lifeguard and bouncer, and went to university three times. At 21 he went to work on an oil rig in the Indian Ocean. Taylor was left with a broken arm and ribs after the ship he was on collided with another and sank off the west coast of Australia. Taylor and his two crew mates escaped on a lifeboat. Whilst recovering in hospital he saw an ad for auditions for drama school in Perth, the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA). After a successful audition he joined WAAPA aged 24.
Career.
After graduating from WAAPA Taylor started acting in 1988. His first major role was in 1989 as Nicholas Walsh in the Australian television soap "Home and Away". His first lead role came in 1993 when he was cast as David Griffin in the Australian mini series "The Feds". He then appeared in various guest roles and on TV movies in Australia, such as "Blue Heelers" and "Stingers", often being cast as a police officer.
Taylor's big break in Hollywood came when he was cast as the shapeshifting Agent Jones in the 1999 blockbuster "The Matrix". In 2000 he starred alongside Chris O'Donnell in the action thriller "Vertical Limit". His other film credits include "The Hard Word" (2002), "Storm Warning" (2007), "Rogue" (2007) and "Coffin Rock" (2009).
In 2000 Taylor took on role of Father Vincent Sheehan in "Ballykissangel", a British television drama set in Ireland. His television credits after that include "MDA" (2002), "Satisfaction" (2010), "Cops L.A.C." (2010) and "Killing Time" (2011). In 2011 Taylor was chosen for the lead role in A&E's new crime drama series "Longmire".
Personal life.
Taylor is married to producer Ayisha Davies and has a young daughter, Scarlet.

</doc>
<doc id="5857378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857378" title="Canton (basketball)">
Canton (basketball)

Canton was an American basketball team based in Canton, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League. The team replaced the Homestead Young Americans during the 1906/07 Postseason Series.

</doc>
<doc id="5857381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857381" title="Sale of the Century (Australian game show)">
Sale of the Century (Australian game show)

$ale of the Century was an Australian game show that aired on the Nine Network from 14 July 1980 – 29 November 2001. Tony Barber hosted a game show with essentially the same format under the title "Temptation" from 1970 to 1976, and was also the initial host of "Sale" for over a decade before being replaced by Glenn Ridge in 1991. Hostesses over the years have included Victoria Nicholls, Delvene Delaney, Alyce Platt, Jo Bailey, Nicky Buckley and Karina Brown. Pete Smith was "Sale's" announcer for the majority of its run. Ron Neate was announcer for only the first ten episodes in 1980 before Smith took over.
From 30 May 2005 – 23 January 2009, the series was revived under its original Australian title, "Temptation".
The "Sale of the Century" format has been used internationally.
Gameplay.
The game usually involves three contestants competing to amass the highest score by answering questions correctly and playing several games. The champion from the previous episode will usually be invited to return as a carry-over champion.
Each contestant is spotted with $20 to start. 
The host reads a trivia question to the contestants. The first to press a buzzer gets an opportunity to answer the question, interrupting the host if in the middle of reading the question. Players' scores increase by $5 for each correct answer and decrease by $5 for each incorrect answer. If a player answers incorrectly, the correct answer is revealed and the game goes on to the next question, as only one player can try to answer each question.
Gift Shop.
At the end of each of the first two rounds (and in early years, also at the end of the third round), the highest-scoring player gets to go to a "Gift Shop" and is offered the chance to sacrifice part of his/her score to "purchase" a prize at a "low price". The prizes, and the cost, increased in each round. Contestants were allowed to haggle with the host, who, depending on the game situation, might reduce the price and offer inducements including actual cash in order to entice the contestant to purchase. If two or more players had the same score at this point, a Dutch auction was conducted for the prize whereby the host would incrementally reduce the selling price until either contestant buzzed in or the host decided not to lower the prize any further and announced "no sale".
Some gift shops also included a bonus prize called a "Sale Surprise", revealed only after the conclusion of the gift shop (whether the contestant bought the prize or not).
Cash Box/Cash Card.
In 1986, along with the debut of the new theme and set as well as co-host Platt, the third Gift Shop prize was replaced by these two mini-games, giving players an opportunity to win some cash, an extra prize, or earn extra score money:
Cash Box.
The player in the lead (or by auction if there was a tie) would be given the opportunity to play for a cash jackpot, which started at $2,000 and increased by $1,000 every day until it was won. To play, he/she would have to give up his/her lead over the second-place competitor. If the contestant opted to play, he/she selected one of three boxes. One box contained the jackpot while each of the other boxes contained $100.
Cash Card.
In 1989, as part of a format revamp—which also included the introduction of audio questions (later changed to visual questions), a 30-second "Fast Money" round, an extra "Fame Game" in the third round (later removed in 1993), and the shopping round replaced by the "Winner's Board"—the Cash Box was replaced with the "Cash Card," an opportunity for the leading contestant to either win a cash prize equivalent to perhaps a month's average wages for a middle-class Australian at the time, earn the opportunity to win a car later in the game (see section on major prizes), receive the score he/she sacrificed back, or reduce the score of a competitor slightly. This cost a player $15 to play. 
Four playing cards (the Aces of each suit) were presented; the player selected one, and it was turned over to reveal one of four elements:
For the first four years of this format, if the leading player opted not to go for the Cashcard, the second-place player was then offered that chance, but the jackpot card was removed from the lineup. In the event of a tie-breaker between the second- and third-place contestants, a general knowledge question was asked, and the first person with the correct answer played. This option was discontinued in 1993.
In 1993, two significant changes were made to the Cash Card: The Cash Card itself froze at $5,000, but occasionally was worth $10,000; and the "Joker" was replaced with the "Take $5" card, which allowed the player to remove $5 from one of their opponents' scores.
A year later, in keeping with the "casino" theme, the playing cards were replaced with four single-reeled poker machines. Each one was rigged to land on one element, and when the player selected a suit, the co-host pulled the handle to reveal the outcome. In addition, the "Take $5" was relegated to celebrity specials, and replaced on the regular shows with a machine displaying the logo of the car on offer that week. If the player selects this machine, then goes on to win the game, the car is placed on the Winner's Board (see below).
Who am I?/Fame Game.
A longer-format question generally known as the "Who am I?" question was asked once in each of the three rounds. Here, a succession of increasingly larger clues were given to the identity of a famous person, place, or event. In this round, players could buzz in and answer at any time, without penalty for an incorrect answer. However, each player only had one chance to answer. If one of the players buzzed-in and answered correctly, he/she had an opportunity to play the "famous faces" sub-game, where he/she got to choose randomly from a game board with nine squares featuring the faces of celebrities, mostly performers on the network's shows, or a featured home viewer. Once chosen, the face selected would be spun around to reveal either a relatively small prize (typically appliances or furniture valued at around a weekly wage) or a $25 money card, which awarded $25 to the player's score.
Later series added additional $10, $15, & $20 money cards to the gameboard, with the $10 available at the outset, the $15 added at the second "Who am I" and the $20 at the third. Also added in the final "Who am I?" was a "wild card," which offered the choice of $1,000 in cash or a chance to pick again. As previously mentioned, the $20 and therefore the extra Fame Game was removed in 1993.
Fast Money/Mad Minute.
Originally, after the third Fame Game, three more general knowledge questions were asked, and the contestant with the highest score is the winner. (In the first episode, however, only one general knowledge question was asked.) Around 1983, it was replaced with a "Fast Money" round, where the host would ask questions in a particularly rapid-fire manner, attempting to fit in as many questions as possible in a 60-second time limit. Starting in 1989, as part of the aforementioned format revamp, there was a shorter 30-second fast money section at the end of round two before the Gift Shop segment; the final Fast Money round was then reduced to 30 seconds, but later restored to 60 seconds and renamed the "Mad Minute". Most of the more successful players proved themselves particularly adept at this section.
On 12 November 1986, part-time taxi driver David Poltorak achieved the highest front game score ever, $200, and consequently won the total endgame prize pool on offer (totalling a then-record $376,200). As far as a front game score, a close second may belong to a man named Ian, who in 1985 won a game with a score of $170. Virginia Noel, who won a game in 1983 with a score of $155 while not letting her opponents answer any questions during Fast Money may hold third.
The winner of the game was the person with the most money at the end. If there was a final tie, the tied players answered a tiebreaker "Who am I?" question, where a correct answer from either contestant won the game, while an incorrect answer defeated the contestant in favor of his or her opponent.
Sale of the New Century.
In a bid to combat declining ratings, the show was renamed "Sale of the New Century" in 2000. The format was also altered slightly to include four contestants per night in an elimination format; the lowest-scoring player would leave after the first fast money round, and another just before the final fast money round.
In addition, a lengthy question, called a 'brain drain', is introduced. Contestants can score $5, $10, $15 or $20, depending on how early they give the correct answer. 
The Cash Card changed to a large touch-screen monitor; the co-host touched a suit, then hit a button to spin the "reels". In addition, the "Prize" was replaced with "Take $5".
Also, contestants who win "all the way" then compete in a "best of three" play-off entitled "Super Sale." The first two contestants to win since the format change played against each other to win the same amount of cash as the latter contestant's cash jackpot. After this, the "reigning champ" plays against the next Grand Champion to win "all the way" for a cash amount equal to their jackpot prize.
The "New" was dropped from the title in 2001, and the show returned to a three contestant format, but continued to eliminate the low scorer before the final fast money.
Bonus Games.
The show went through two bonus games during its 21-year run:
Shopping format.
A series of six prizes was offered, culminating in one or sometimes two luxury cars. A contestant could take his or her cumulative winnings, buy a prize, and retire, or elect to return the next day and try to win enough to buy the next most expensive prize.
Starting in 1982, along with the debut of co-host Delaney, once the player had won all the major prizes on offer, they had the opportunity to play for one more night to keep those prizes (totaling over $100,000) and win a large cash jackpot (the combination of those prizes was referred to as "the lot"). They could purchase all of the prizes for $605 and all of the prizes plus the cash jackpot for $700. The jackpot started at $50,000 and increased by $2,000 per night until somebody won it. The largest jackpot ever won was $508,000.
Winner's Board.
In 1989, also as part of the aforementioned format revamp, the shopping round was replaced with a game called the "Winner's Board". The contestant would face a 12-space board. The Winner's Board contained six prizes on 12 cards—five pairs of matching cards, one "Car" card, and one "Win" card (if picked, the next number selected resulted in an automatic match). The contestant called off numbers and the first prize matched is the first prize won, but in order to win the car, the player must select the "Win" card first before selecting a number that has the "Car" card. In 1993, coinciding with the aforementioned removal of the extra Fame Game and subsequent $20 money card in round three, the "Car" and "Win" cards were replaced by another prize; as mentioned above, if a player had a winning score of over $100 or starting in 1994, picked the "car space" in the Cash Card, the "Car" and "Win" cards were placed on the board. If a champion clears the board, but didn't do either of the aforementioned tasks, their next game is for the car. 
After the player makes a match, he/she faced a decision: either leave with all the prizes earned off the board, or risk them and play another show. A loss cost the player all his or her prizes from the board, while clearing the board and winning one more game (which took seven, later eight days to do it) earns them the cash jackpot.
Tournaments.
In 1985, the Australian/American challenge aired featuring the biggest winners from the Australian version competing against the biggest winners from the American version for $100,000. The first week consisted of 12 Australian champions playing against each other, three at a time, where the four winners of each heat compete on the Friday show to determine the two representatives for that country. The same was done during the second week with 12 American champions. The third week was a "best of 5" playoff where the first team that won three games won $100,000. The Australian team (consisting of Virginia Noel and Fran Powell) beat the American team (consisting of Frances Wolfe and Alice Conkright) winning three straight games.
In 1986, the Ashes series aired which followed the same format as the previous year's Australian/American challenge but featuring the biggest winners from the Australian version competing against the biggest winners from the British version again for $100,000. Again, the Australian team (consisting of David Bock and Cary Young) beat the British team (consisting of Daphne Fowler and Susan Kaye) also winning three straight games.
Later that year, the Commonwealth Games aired featuring contestants from Australia, Canada, and New Zealand competing against each other which was won by Cary Young.
In 1987, 1988, and 1989, three World Championship series aired featuring champions from the Australian, New Zealand, American, and British versions competing against each other. Cary Young won the 1987 series, David Bock won the 1988 series, and Brian MacDonnell won the 1989 series.
In 1988 and 1989, two Student Championship series aired featuring Year 12 students from across Australia competing against each other.
In 1990, Young, Bock, and MacDonnell competed against each other in the Masters series which was won by Young.
Celebrity Weeks.
Starting in 1990, occasional weeks were set aside for celebrities to play the game. Each week consists of sixteen celebrities playing over four days. The four winners from those shows meet in a two-day final, in which the celebrity with the highest score over those two days wins the competition.
Featured stars included the cast members of The Sullivans, The Young Doctors, Prisoner and A Country Practice.
Each celebrity plays for a home viewer, who wins all cash and prizes earned during the show. The ultimate winner's home viewer also wins an extra prize, usually a car.
Top 10 Grand Champions.
Other notable wins include:
Theme music.
The theme music was written by Jack Grimsley and was later remixed three times, once in 1986, again in 1989, and finally in 2000.
Episode status.
All 4,610 episodes of this version are known to exist, and are currently held by FremantleMedia Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5857386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857386" title="The Space Vampires">
The Space Vampires

The Space Vampires is a British science fiction horror novel written by author Colin Wilson, and first published in England and the United States by Random House in 1976. This is Wilson's fifty-first book. It is about the remnants of a race of intergalactic vampires who are brought back from outer space and are inadvertently let loose on Earth.
The titular space aliens are energy vampires, as opposed to the familiar stereotypical blood-sucking Earth vampires that suck blood and change into bats. They consume the "life force" by seducing living beings with a deadly kiss and also have the ability to take control of the willing host bodies of their victims. Though initially the aliens' "true" form appears to be a bat-like creature, the creatures are ultimately revealed to be insubstantial energy-beings from a higher dimension. The novel's main protagonist is Captain Olof Carlsen, the commanding officer of the space exploration vehicle which discovered the vampires' spacecraft.
The novel was mildly successful and was translated into many languages including Spanish, Japanese, French, Italian, Dutch and Swedish.
The concept and set-up of the novel was apparently inspired by, and loosely based on, the purported phenomenon and mythologic legend of psychic vampirism.
Plot.
In the late twenty-first century, far out in a nearby asteroid belt, a gigantic derelict castle-like alien spacecraft is discovered by the space exploration vehicle "Hermes," commanded by Captain Olof Carlsen. Investigating the spacecraft's interior, the astronauts first discover the desiccated corpses of giant bat-like creatures, then three glass coffins containing three immobilised humanoids – two male and one female – preserved in a state of suspended animation.
Returning to Earth with the preserved humanoids, Carlsen discovers the true nature of the beings when one of them kills a young man, a reporter (and the son of a friend of Carlsen) whom Carlsen illicitly allowed to view the body. The woman kills her victim by completely draining his life-force (a quantifiable energy measured by devices called "lambda-field scanners"), then, when Carlsen attempts to intervene, partially draining him of energy as well. Carlsen is left still alive, but unable to prevent the woman from escaping from the hospital.
Carlsen joins forces with Dr. Hans Fallada, a scientist researching energy vampirism and longevity, to find the escaped vampire and recapture her. In the course of their investigations they discover that the aliens can transfer from one body to another, and that the other two have also escaped; they also discover the potential for energy vampirism – and more generalised voluntary energy transfer – that exists in all humans, and the parallels between vampirism, criminality, and sexual fetishisation. At last Carlsen tracks down the vampires in London, their leader having possessed the body of the Prime Minister; but their confrontation is averted when representatives from the Nioth-Korghai, the vampires' original race, appear and offer the vampires (the Ubbo-Sathla, as they call themselves) the chance to regain their original nature as higher-dimension energy-beings. The vampires accept joyfully, but destroy themselves upon regaining the ability to see themselves for what they had become.
An epilogue, set nearly a century later, reveals that Carlsen has used the techniques of benevolent energy transference he learned via his encounters with the vampires to live an extraordinarily long life, and possibly (it is implied) to have achieved a kind of transcendence upon his death.
Reception.
The "Chicago Sun-Times" regarded the novel as "Thoroughly intriguing", while the "Chicago Tribune" called it a "new slant on horror...unique rendering of the age-old enigma of the kiss of death".
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
In 1985, the book was adapted to film as "Lifeforce", directed by Tobe Hooper. Later, in June 1985, the original novel was reissued as a movie tie-in to accompany the film's original theatrical release, under the same title as its movie counterpart.
The movie differs in many respects from the novel; it is set in the modern day (using the 1986 flyby of Halley's Comet as a plot element), and the character of Carlsen (an American colonel named Tom) is much weaker, with a more obsessive relationship to the female vampire. The character of Colonel Caine of the SAS is given a much more prominent place, and the story's vampirism is more evocative of traditional vampire legends in its details, most specifically in how the vampires can be killed (a leaded iron shaft through the "energy centre two inches below the heart", a possible allusion to Eastern-mysticism chakras) and in the process by which vampire victims become vampires themselves, a much deadlier and more prolific contagion in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="5857387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857387" title="Robert G. Allen">
Robert G. Allen

Robert Gray Allen (August 24, 1902 – August 19, 1963) was an American businessman and a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Allen was born in Winchester, Massachusetts. He moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1906. He was graduated from Phillips Academy at Andover, Massachusetts, in 1922 and later attended Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He moved to Greensburg, Pennsylvania in 1929 and was a salesman and sales manager for a valve and fittings manufacturing business until 1937. He was district administrator of the Works Progress Administration in 1935 and 1936.
Allen was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fifth and Seventy-sixth Congresses. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1940. He became president of the Duff-Norton Manufacturing Company in Pittsburgh, from 1940 to 1943. He was commissioned a major in the Ordnance Corps of the United States Army in July 1942 and was promoted to lieutenant colonel in February 1943. He served until his discharge in January 1945.
After his time in Congress and the Army, he served in a variety of business positions:
He retired from business activities in 1962 and moved from Milwaukee, to Keene, Virginia, where he died.
In 1948, Allen's daughter, Katharine "Kathy" Allen, married Warren A. Morton (1924–2002), an oilman in Casper who later served as Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1979–1980 and was the unsuccessful Republican gubernatorial nominee in 1982. Katharine Morton recalls that though her father had been a New Deal supporter, he opposed U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Judiciary Reorganization Bill of 1937 and also ran afoul of United Mine Workers labor figure John L. Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="5857393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857393" title="Ashfaq Hussain">
Ashfaq Hussain

Ashfaq Hussain Zaidi, PP, (born January 1, 1951) is a leading modern Urdu poet and an author of more than 10 books of poetry and literary criticism. He is considered by many as the foremost expert on the life and works of great Urdu poets Faiz Ahmed Faiz, Ahmad Faraz and also on Progressive Writers Movement. For his contributions to Urdu literature, Hussain was awarded the Presidential Pride of Performance from the government of Pakistan.
Early life.
Ashfaq Hussain was born in a lower middle class family in Karachi, Pakistan on January 1, 1951. The eldest son of eight siblings, he lost his mother at the age of 13. He struggled throughout his academic years by working various part-time jobs. He earned his Master's Degree in Urdu Literature from the University of Karachi in 1974. Hussain was elected Vice President of the Students Union of Urdu Department in 1973. He then spent one year as lecturer at Government Degree Science College, Karachi. Before migrating to Canada, Hussain was working as a Programme Officer at the Arts Council of Pakistan Karachi.
Early years in Canada.
Ashfaq Hussain migrated to Canada in March 1980 and currently resides in Brampton, a suburb of Toronto. He initially started his business in Travel and Tourism industry. Hussain founded the Writers Forum of Pakistani Canadians in 1982 and was subsequently elected President of the organization. He then established U.I. Publishers, through which he edited and published the quarterly Urdu journal, "Urdu International Canada" until 1988. Hussain was also seen on Asian Horizons, the precursor to Asian Television Network, dating back to 1980.
Career.
Ashfaq Hussain started hosting an Urdu program on Asian Horizons in 1980. After initially working part-time, Hussain joined Asian Television Network full-time when ATN beame a 24 channel in 1997. He currently serves as an Associated Producer at Asian Television Network, Newmarket. He is regularly hosting the following TV shows: Urdu Rang, Asian Horizon and Asian Digest.<br>
Amongst the thousands of celeberities whom Hussain has interviewed since the 1980s, notable includes:
For his outstanding contributions, Hussain received a Lifetime Achievement Award from ATN in 2007.
2010 Vancouver Olympics.
In February 2010, ATN provided coverage of various events of the 2010 Vancouver Olympics. Hussain provided sports broadcasting of many events, such as freestyle skiing and long track speed skating. On February 13, Hussain and special Olympic guest analyst Salman Bazmi provided play-by-play analysis of Canada's first olympic medal at the games; a silver medal by Jennifer Heil in Freestyle skiing, women's moguls. The following day, Hussain and Bazmi provided play-by-play analysis of Canada's first ever gold medal at an Olympic games held in Canada. Alexandre Bilodeau won the gold medal in Freestyle skiing, men's moguls.
2012 London Olympics.
In July–August 2012, ATN provided coverage of various events of the 2012 London Olympics. Hussain, again accompanied by special Olympic guest analyst Salman Bazmi, provided full coverage of archery (men's and women's, team and individual) and rhythmic gymnastics (team and individual). On July 28, Hussain provided play-by-play analysis of United States upset victory over three time defending men's team gold medalist South Korea.
Works.
Books dedicated to Ashfaq Hussain.
His Urdu poetry has been translated in English and Punjabi.
Sample of poetry.
A SUGGESTION
"You think<br>
"that by wearing a green spectacle <br>
"these dry meadows<br>
"will turn verdant and fresh<br>
"these hapless harvests<br>
"will pluck out their autumnal garb<br>
"like a dry leaf<br>
"at the hands of which merciless winds,<br>
"loses its being.
"You think <br>
"that just because of the laughter on your lips<br>
"the bitterness of this environment<br>
"will self-destruct and die<br>
"but this is not possible.
"Why not snatch the trembling helplessness<br>
"from the lips of our environment?<br>
"Let us pluck out the moonlight<br>
"which hides behind a ruined wall,<br>
"let us look for light.<br>
"Life is our birthright<br>
"Let us save it from death.
A LOVE POEM FOR MY SON
"With your eyes, I <br>
"will see those days <br>
"which have yet to come. <br>
"With your feet, I <br>
"will run very fast <br>
"on dream pathways <br>
"which are still obscure <br>
"With your hands, I <br>
"will touch those mountains <br>
"whose very thought <br>
"makes me breathless <br>
"Those mountains and those roads <br>
"on which you walk, <br>
"a new era <br>
"that is yours. <br>
"I will not even see <br>
"this new era <br>
"but my eyes will kiss <br>
"its every moment, <br>
"with these bright eyes <br>
"that are your eyes. <br>
"In your eyes <br>
"like light I shine <br>
"like love I abide <br>
"like a dream I am alive <br>
"In your beautiful eyes <br>
"all my dreams <br>
"hide in a special corner; <br>
"and if perchance these dreams <br>
"bloom with fragrance of flowers <br>
"in their sweet scent <br>
"you should keep <br>
"all the letters of my name <br>
"with care.
Videos.
A collection of his work can be seen by clicking on the following links: 
Views on poetry.
Hussain on poetry:<br>
"“Poetry is something that knows no boundaries and is perhaps the only part of literature which influences public opinion regardless of country, nation or state affiliations.”
"“The progressive movement has ended but progress can’t. That is why I consider my poetry progressive in nature and think it would remain so because literature can’t be static.”
Hussain on Faiz:<br>
Faiz’s multi-faceted work was "“deep enough for one to drown in.”

</doc>
<doc id="5857396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857396" title="Charleroi Cherubs">
Charleroi Cherubs

Charleroi (also known as the "Cherubs") was an American basketball team based in Charleroi, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857410" title="Humanist Party (Italy)">
Humanist Party (Italy)

The Humanist Party ("Partito Umanista", PU) is a minor political party in Italy. Its long-time leader was Giorgio Schultze, who is currently spokesman of the Humanist Movement in Europe. Founded in 1985, the party is a member of the Humanist International. It has never been represented in either the Italian Chamber of Deputies or the Italian Senate, the two houses of the Parliament of Italy.
The party did not take part to the 2008 general election, but some Humanist activists ran as independents in the lists of The Left – The Rainbow and For the Common Good, both left-wing coalitions. In the 2009 European Parliament election Schultze will stand as a candidate for Italy of Values (IdV). This choice was criticized by those who acknowledged the IdV's law and order policies over immigration.

</doc>
<doc id="5857411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857411" title="Sale of the Century (UK game show)">
Sale of the Century (UK game show)

Sale of the Century was a UK game show based on a US game show of the same name. It was first shown on ITV from 1971 to 1983, hosted by Nicholas Parsons. The first series was supposed to air only in the Anglia region, but it rolled out to other regions since 8 January 1972 and achieved full national coverage by the end of 10 May 1975, at which point it was one of the most popular shows on the network - spawning the often-mocked catchphrase "and now, from Norwich, it's the quiz of the week."
It has been revived twice first on Sky Channel from 1989 to 1991 hosted by Peter Marshall and then on Challenge TV from 1997 to 1998 hosted by Keith Chegwin.
Rules (1971-83; 1997-8).
The ITV and Challenge versions followed the rules of the original American version. Three contestants start off with £15. Questions are worth different values starting with £1, later increasing to £3, and finally £5; by the final season, the £1 questions were eliminated. The question is asked and players can buzz in at any time. Correct answers add the money to their score and incorrect answers subtract the money from their score with only one player allowed to buzz in on each question.
Instant Sale.
At six points during gameplay, all contestants would be offered the opportunity to purchase merchandise at a bargain price. The first player to buzz in after the prize was revealed purchased that prize. (In so doing, a "losing" contestant might not advance to go shopping at the end of the show, but could leave the show with a considerable haul for one day's play.) In the early days, the prices of all prizes offered were expressed much as one would hear in a department store, and would increase as the show progressed (e.g., £7.95, £11.95, £14.95, £21.95). All prize values were rounded up to the nearest pound before being subtracted from the score of the player who purchased the prize (later on, prizes were in full pounds, like £8, £12, £15, £22). Each instant bargain was hidden behind a curtain; the announcer would mention the price, and then the curtain would open as the prize was revealed. If a contestant buzzed in before the curtain opened, it was declared "No Sale", the contestant would have the price deducted from his/her score (but not win the prize), and the other contestants could then buzz in.
Also, an "Open Sale" was offered just before the commercial break, in which a number of smaller gifts were offered for less than £5 each. In this situation, more than one player could buy a given gift, and a player could buy any or all of the prizes on offer. They could even buy two or more of some items.
The Challenge TV version kept the rules of the ITV version, except there was no "Open Sale", and players were spotted £15 to start. There were five rounds with questions being worth £1 in round one, £3 in rounds two and three, and £5 in rounds four and five. Finally, the game ended with 60 seconds of £5 questions. The player in the lead at the end of this round was declared the champion.
Rules (1989-91).
The Sky Channel version had rules that were based on Australia's 1980-1988 format and America's 1983-1989 format, with better prizes than before.
There were only three "Instant Sales" (renamed Instant Bargains), and only the player in the lead could buy.
The biggest change was the "Fame Game": Here, a succession of increasingly larger clues were given to the identity of a famous person, place, or event. In this round, players could buzz-in and answer at any time, with the player shut out for the remainder of the question if they gave an incorrect answer.
If one of the players buzzed-in and answered correctly, the contestant chose from a game board with nine squares. If all three contestants failed to come up with a right answer, then nobody got to pick. Once chosen, the space selected would be spun around to reveal either a relatively small prize (typically appliances or furniture valued at around a weekly wage) or a bonus money card, which added to the player's score.
There were £10, £15, and £25 bonuses added each round; in addition, in the third round was a "Wild Card", which offered the choice of £100 or a chance to pick again.
The game ended with the Speed Round where the host would ask as many questions as possible within 60 seconds. The player with the most money when time ran out won the game.
If there was a tie for the lead after the Speed Round, another question was asked of the tied players. Answering this question awarded £5 and the win; missing the question deducted £5 and lost the game.
Shopping.
The winning contestant would be given the opportunity to spend their cash total on at least one of several grand prizes at the "Sale of the Century"; the grand prize being a new car. Champions could buy more than one prize, but they could never buy every prize at less than the total of all of the sale prices. Towards the end of the run, the car was eliminated as a buyable prize; now the champion, provided they won the game with £140 or more, could choose to shop or answer a possible four of five questions, with no risk, to win the car.
On the 1989-91 & 1997-8 versions, there were a series of six prizes (five in 1997-8) and as the contestant's score built up, it applied to the next highest prize, with a car again being the top prize, which was available for £585 (£500 in 1997-8). Like the Australian and American versions, they could buy the prize and leave or risk it and come back. However, unlike the Australian and American versions, there was no cash jackpot up for grabs or chance to buy all the prizes on stage.
On all versions, losing contestants kept the money and prizes earned.
Other background information.
The series was one of the most consistently high-rating entertainment shows of the 1970s, gaining peak viewing figures of 20 million. This original version of the show was restricted in the prize amount through then national agreements, meaning that the featured cars had to be below set limits. The producers hence preferred to engage with foreign manufacturers to provide better value prize, often including top of the range Ladas.
On 22 December 1978, an all-out strike at the BBC meant that 21.2 million viewers watched the programme, the highest ever rating for a game show produced by ITV.
By the time the original version ended, it had awarded 500 contestants over £500,000 in prizes.
Celebrity editions were run occasionally, with the prizes won going to charities.
The show is often famed as having been the place that record producer Simon Cowell made his television debut. The video (of his appearance on the 1989 version) is available on YouTube and extracts of it were shown during the National Television Awards whilst Cowell was receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award.
The show's theme tune, composed by Peter Fenn, was entitled "Joyful Pete", in tribute to the show's original producer, Peter Joy.

</doc>
<doc id="5857416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857416" title="Shock Wave (Six Flags Over Texas)">
Shock Wave (Six Flags Over Texas)

Shock Wave is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington, Texas. Built right at the edge of the park, the "Shock Wave" is easily seen by passers-by on Interstate Highway 30. Its unique four-sided tube truss track system is similar to the "Mind Bender" roller coaster at Six Flags Over Georgia which was constructed at the same time.
History.
When it opened in 1978, "Shock Wave" was the tallest roller coaster in the world. It lost this title within weeks upon the opening of "The Loch Ness Monster" at Busch Gardens: The Old Country.
The ride is built on Johnson Creek real estate, and had to temporarily close in the 2004 season because of a flood. "Shock Wave" was temporarily closed again in early 2008 for an extensive remodeling.
In 2013 "Shock Wave" was closed for much of the summer due to an unknown maintenance problem.
Ride experience.
The ride starts with the lift-hill going up . A U-turn with a slight dip immediately follows, then the coaster goes down its first drop and into the back-to-back loops, with peak forces of 5.9 G. The train then travels back up a hill into a mid-course brake run. At this point the ride turns right and dives down then back up, turns left and dives down. The last element is a final hill with a left turn that goes into a 270° helix to the right, then the train returns to the station.
Colors.
Throughout the years, Shock Wave has undergone several re-paintings with different color schemes. When it first opened, the attraction's track and supports were all-white. The solid white color lasted only two years as it quickly became dirty. The second color scheme, introduced in 1980, featured dark blue track and supports. Since then, the ride has been repainted light blue, then silver with navy blue supports. During Time-Warner's ownership of the park the ride was painted with white track, yellow supports and pink loops. The operators jokingly referred to the ride as "fruit loops." The seventh color scheme of blue track with red supports came about in 1996. 2001 marked the 40th anniversary of the park, and Shock Wave once again was given a new coat of paint — this time royal blue supports with a bright green track. That paint job remained on the coaster until 2012, when Shock Wave was finally given a much-needed new coat of paint. Similar to the previous color scheme, the present colors are royal blue supports, with a slightly brighter shade of green track.

</doc>
<doc id="5857417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857417" title="Connellsville Cokers">
Connellsville Cokers

The Connellsville Cokers were an American basketball team based in Connellsville, Pennsylvania, that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857422" title="I'll Never Love This Way Again">
I'll Never Love This Way Again

"I'll Never Love This Way Again" is a Grammy Award-winning, Gold-certified 1979 hit recorded by American singer Dionne Warwick. The song was composed by Richard Kerr (music) and Will Jennings (lyrics) and produced by Arista labelmate Barry Manilow.
The song was Warwick's first single release on Arista after an unsuccessful tenure at Warner Bros. Records. The song brought Warwick renewed popularity when it reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #13 on the "Billboard" R&B Chart. In Canada, "I'll Never Love This Way Again" peaked at #6. The song won Warwick a 1980 Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. The tune was certified by the RIAA as Gold for sales of over 1 million copies and helped her Arista debut album, "Dionne", be certified by the RIAA as Platinum for album sales of over 1 million copies.
The song was first recorded by Richard Kerr himself for his 1978 album "Welcome To The Club" as "I Know I'll Never Love This Way Again." The song, using the same title, was soon covered by Cheryl Ladd for her 1978 eponymous debut album. "I'll Never Love This Way Again" has also been recorded by Billie Jo Spears and The Nolans.
The song has been also been recorded in seveal different language versions

</doc>
<doc id="5857436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857436" title="Richard and Mary Parker">
Richard and Mary Parker

Richard and Mary Parker are fictional characters of Marvel Comics. They were the parents of Peter Parker, the boy who one day would become Spider-Man. They appear in the 2012 reboot of the "Spider-Man" film franchise. Richard Parker was also briefly mentioned by Uncle Ben in the 2002 film "Spider-Man". In "The Amazing Spider-Man", however, a newspaper article reported that they had already died.
Publication history.
Prior to "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual" #5 (published in 1968), there had been no explanation of why Peter Parker was an orphan and was raised by his aunt and uncle. That issue finally answered the question. Richard and Mary Parker only appeared in brief flashbacks in the story.
For many more years, the characters appeared only in flashbacks and photographs. However, in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #365 (August 1992), Spider-Man's 30th anniversary, they reappeared. Two years later, in #388 (April 1994) they were revealed to be robots created by the Chameleon and were destroyed.
In the novel "Mary Jane", it is said that they died in a plane accident while they were going to Switzerland to turn in some important discovery that Richard made. Peter tries to figure out what the discovery was but fails as he cannot figure out the things Richard has written on his board.
In July 1997, "Untold Tales of Spider-Man" #-1, part of Marvel Comics' "Flashback Month" event, written by Roger Stern and drawn by John Romita, Sr., expanded the characters' origins. Since then, they have rarely been mentioned except in passing.
Fictional character biographies.
Captain Richard Parker, a decorated soldier of the United States Army Special Forces, was recruited by Nick Fury to the C.I.A. His much older brother, Ben Parker, was married to May Reilly Parker.
Mary Fitzpatrick was the daughter of O.S.S. agent "Wild Will" Fitzpatrick. She attended the best schools and eventually followed in her father's footsteps, becoming a C.I.A. translator and data analyst.
Richard and Mary met on the job, fell in love, and married. Originally they eloped, then later had a more elaborate service, fooling many. Mary became a field agent like Richard, giving them both an easy cover as a married couple. They were assigned to investigate Baroness Adelicia Von Krupp, who had captured an agent of a "friendly power" (who turned out to be Logan, aka Wolverine, then a Canadian operative called Agent Ten). They rescued Logan from the Baroness and Baron Wolfgang von Strucker. After that mission, they discovered that Mary was pregnant; Logan was actually the first person to congratulate the Parkers, commenting later that he never saw an agent as tough as Richard Parker go that white that fast.
Their son Peter Benjamin Parker was born some months later. However, Richard and Mary were frequently away from him on missions. While they were away, he was left in the care of Richard's older brother Ben and his wife May.
While on a mission to investigate Albert Malik, the third Red Skull, they posed as traitors and double agents to infiltrate his criminal organization in Algeria. Unfortunately they were discovered. Malik framed them and brought in an assassin called the Finisher to kill the two. Finisher sabotaged their airplane and caused it to crash. They were subsequently declared missing in action/presumed dead, as two burnt bodies were found in the remains.
After death.
Richard and Mary's son Peter grew up to become the Amazing Spider-Man. Although he has only vague memories of his parents and no memory of their militaristic history, his aunt and uncle share photographs and happy memories with him, but not their belief that they had been traitors to their country. When Peter discovers this, he travels to Algeria. He finds Malik, who sends the Finisher to kill Spider-Man. Spider-Man turns the Finisher's missile against him, and the Finisher dies, but not before revealing that Richard and Mary were in fact innocent. Spider-Man returns to America with evidence and clears his parents' names. 
Life Model Decoys.
Years later, the Chameleon, working for Harry Osborn, created Life Model Decoys of Richard and Mary. These LMDs were near-perfect robotic replicas of Peter's dead parents, and managed to convince him that they had in fact been held captive overseas for most of his life. Aunt May retained some suspicions, as there were some things they did not know, such as Richard and Mary's elopement. When Peter discovers that they were fake, he suffers a nervous breakdown. However, when the Decoys were ordered to attack Parker, the Mary duplicate - sharing the original's love for her son - saves him instead. Neither LMD survives the incident. After battling the Chameleon, Spider-Man discovers that Harry Osborn was behind the whole thing, as an effort to avenge his (supposedly) dead father, Norman Osborn. Spider-Man then becomes mentally unhinged over time, until he has a near-death experience.
May Parker eventually learns the truth about the Life Model Decoys, via learning the truth about Spider-Man. May draws strength by talking to the graves of Mary, Richard and Ben about Peter's life.
The cynical mindset of Harry Osborn and the Chameleon was present in the LMDs, particularly during "Maximum Carnage": When Aunt May advises Peter to "listen to your heart", (the pseudo) "Richard" tells a very different lesson:
When Shriek uses her psychic powers to turn the whole town against Spider-Man and the other super-heroes, "Richard" remarks that the "moral", "orderly" world he remembered while in prison "was just an "illusion!" The evil was here—all along—"festering" beneath the surface!"—inviting a sharp rebuke from Peter's wife, Mary Jane. (After his "parents" are exposed as frauds, some of this cynicism rubs off for a while on the "son"—with Spider-Man becoming unusually brutal against his enemies and developing a "Spider" alternate personality.)
Ambiguities in Marvel documentation.
The nature and timing of Richard and Mary Parker's fate are somewhat ambiguous in Spider-Man documentation. For one thing, the very fact that Harry Osborn and the Chameleon were able to fool the State Department, Peter, and (for a time) Aunt May into thinking Richard and Mary had "returned" after 20 years implies that the government was never able to solidly confirm the bodies found in the original plane crash to be theirs. This uncertainty was exploited by Harry Osborn and the Chameleon: When explaining how he and Mary "survived", the false Richard Parker asserts that the bodies found were of Russian spies who stayed on the plane while they themselves were forced to jump out. According to "Spider-Man: Unmasked", "young Peter was orphaned at an early age when his parents were declared missing in action"—once again implying that they were not "officially" considered dead by the authorities—although they were presumed so, at least until the Life Model Decoys appeared on the scene.
It is also ambiguous how old Peter was when his parents were lost: Some accounts have it happening in his infancy; others say he was as old as six years—particularly, "The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe: Spider-Man", 2004. The latter view is supported by Spider-Man's musing, during "The Child Within", that he remembers his parents, yet "they were practically "strangers" to me", as he prepares to fight Harry Osborn/The Green Goblin and Vermin. During the fight, Harry drugs Peter and subsequently discovers that Peter blames himself for his parents' death; Harry conceives the LMD scam to "avenge" his own father shortly after. Another, more comprehensive book on the Marvel Universe (also released in 2004) asserts that Peter's only clear memory of his (real) parents was of the moment they were boarding the fateful plane and he promised them he would be a "good boy" for Aunt May and Uncle Ben. Most Spider-Man stories in the main continuity are vague about Peter's exact age when he was effectively orphaned.
Other versions.
1602.
In "Marvel 1602", Peter Parker's parents are briefly mentioned as having worked with Sir Nicholas Fury, Queen Elizabeth's chief of security.
Bullet Points.
In the alternate timeline of "Bullet Points", Ben is killed a few months into his relationship with May Parker. Richard and Mary promise to "always be there for her," a vow which was later broken.
House of M.
In the alternate reality created by the Scarlet Witch during the House of M storyline, Peter and Gwen Stacy name their son Richard. Generally, Peter's sons in alternate realities are named after his Uncle Ben, but in House of M, Ben had lived, and so Peter did not pay tribute to him.
Marvel Mangaverse.
Although Richard has not appeared in the Marvel Mangaverse continuity nor has he been mentioned, Mary had made her appearance instead. In this version, Mary is Aunt May's sister instead of Uncle Ben being Richard's brother, and is both the leader of the Spider Clan and is a Spider demon, who is known as the Spider Queen. She's been plotting to make her son, Peter Parker, the new leader of the Clan and sends the Elementals to kill her sister, May Parker, so that it would lead Peter to her. When the two are confronted, Mary revealed she wanted Peter to become the new leader of the Spider Clan, but Peter figured out and was shocked and disgusted that she would send the Elementals to kill her own sister which causes him to reject the offer and begin to attack her. However Mary teleported him back to New York where she had sent the Elementals to fight him. Disappointed by his rejection, Mary instead passes leadership of the Spider Clan to her pupil, Venom. Because of this, Peter has decided to quit his identity as Spider-Man.
MC2.
In the alternate reality of MC2, Peter names his son Benjamin Richard Parker, with his second name being in honor of his father.
"Trouble".
The 2003 Epic Comics limited series "Trouble" was marketed as the "true origin" of Spider-Man. In that story, characters named Richard and Mary met while on summer vacation, and Mary's friend May rather than Mary herself was Peter's mother. None of the characters' last names were revealed. The story was later ignored due to negative fan reception.
Ultimate Marvel.
In the Ultimate Marvel continuity, Richard "Ray" Parker was a biologist instead of a spy. He and Mary supposedly died in an airplane accident when Peter was six, and Peter still has vague memories of his parents. Before the crash, Richard was working on a cure for cancer, in the form of a biological suit that could repair its host body. He recorded a series of tapes addressed to Peter, in which he revealed that he was worried that the suit would be used as a weapon instead of a cure. A tape recorded just before the crash revealed that his project had been taken away from him. His project became the basis of Venom. His name and work were known by scientists (including Dr. Curt Conners and the Ultimates Wasp and Giant Man) involved in re-creating the super-soldier formula that created Captain America.
In "Ultimate Spider-Man" #100, Richard Parker seemingly reappeared. He recounted that Bolivar Trask, the man responsible for shutting down the cancer cure project, brought the research staff back together. Richard had second thoughts about working on the project, now knowing the suit he developed would be used as a weapon, and chose not to get on the plane. Mary, however, felt that Richard was a fool for turning down this opportunity, and appeared willing to leave her husband for this reason. (This contradicts her earlier sentiments, that Richard was getting in way over his head). After the crash, Richard was approached by government agent Henry Gyrich, for the purposes of launching his own research project in case S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nick Fury was ever to go rogue. Gyrich showed Richard a surveillance video proving his son, Peter, was Spider-Man. Afterwards, he revealed himself to May Parker. May, shocked by the possibility that Richard was alive all this time, told him to go away. Richard then preceded to go to Peter's high school, but Gyrich prevented him from doing so. After Peter found a revived Gwen Stacy (last seen killed by a creature named Carnage), however, Richard finally went to May's house to try to explain everything. However, after telling of what happened to him, Nick Fury's men and Spider-Slayers surrounded the house. Gwen becomes nervous and immediately transforms into another version of Carnage.
Later, in issue #103, Dr. Otto Octavius (who created multiple clones of Spider-Man) reveals that "Richard Parker" was a clone. This is confirmed when Susan Storm of the Fantastic Four runs a test on a sample of Richard's DNA and finds it identical to Peter Parker's. Apparently, the cloning process severely aged Richard. Though his memories were false, Richard still deeply loves Peter like a son. Before he dies, Richard asks Sue Storm and the rest of the Four to look after Peter.
In the final FMV of the "Ultimate Spider-Man" video game, it is implied that Eddie Brock Sr. and the Venom suit are responsible for the plane crash that killed Peter's parents.
However, in issue #4 of "Ultimate Origins", which takes place 15 years before the current Ultimate timeline, Richard is shown to have been hired by the U.S. government and Nick Fury as part of a project to recreate the Super Soldier Serum. At a covert lab in Dover, New Jersey, Richard worked alongside fellow scientists, a young Hank Pym, Franklin Storm, father of Sue and Johnny Storm, and Bruce Banner.
One day, while Pym and Banner are inside the lab testing a possible match to the serum that was discovered by Banner, Richard is just outside the lab being visited by his wife and recently born son, Peter. Unfortunately, Banner, having just tested his serum on himself, transforms into the Hulk for the first time and goes on a rampage, destroying the complex. Richard and Mary and both caught in an explosion of debris, and are severely injured.
The sight of the infant Peter lying next to his mother's body is enough to shock Hulk back to Banner, in time for Fury and his men to arrive and subdue him. As his men haul Banner into custody, Fury picks the infant off the ground and carries him away from the site, stating that Peter is at least lucky enough to be too young to remember any of what has happened later on.
Artist Mark Bagley based the likeness of the Ultimate version of Richard Parker on that of Peter Parker as drawn by John Romita, Sr. and Gil Kane in the late 1960s and early 1970s. He felt he had not adequately captured Peter's appearance during his earlier run on "The Amazing Spider-Man" in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="5857448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857448" title="Lee Morris (musician)">
Lee Morris (musician)

Lee Morris (born 1970, Wolverhampton, England) came from a musical family and started playing the drums at six years of age. He learnt his instrument from his dad (Ivor Morris) and spent many hours during his early years playing along with various records from the family record collection. At age 12, he joined his first High School covers band, playing the top 40 songs at the time, but the band never played outside the school walls. At the age of 14, Morris discovered a love of rock music after hearing the Iron Maiden "Killers" and Kiss "Alive" albums.
Morris joined his first rock covers band called Wyzed in the early 1980s, and got to enjoy playing rock regularly at various halls, pubs and clubs throughout the Midlands. He got frustrated with playing covers at that time, and joined Royale, that included Vince O'Regan (Bob Catley / Pulse) in the line-up. During the late 1980s and early 1990s Morris played in his first signed band which was the Birmingham based Marshall Law. He recorded an EP (Power Crazy EP), one studio album (Power Game) and one live album with the outfit before they disbanded. At the start of 1991, Morris auditioned for Little Angels, after a recommendation from departing drummer Michael Lee. He got down to the last two but eventually lost out to Mark Richardson.
After the demise of Marshall Law, Morris was invited to team up with guitarist Robin George in a band called The Promise. He recorded a demo for their album, and appeared on the James Whale TV show, before joining Paradise Lost in December 1994. He recorded seven albums with the band between 1994 and 2003 and got to tour the globe several times and played on "Top of the Pops" in Germany. Blabbermouth reported that Morris "parted ways" with Paradise Lost in 2004 due to "personal and musical differences".
After leaving Paradise Lost, Morris began teaching drums to aspiring drummers, while also getting involved in session work. His first session was some live dates with Ten. He also worked with Danny Vaughn, recording two albums with Vaughn; "Traveller" and "The Road Less Travelled". In 2010, he recorded the "Methods To End It All" album with Creation’s Tears.
In 2011, Morris played drums for the Arabia album, "Welcome to the Freakshow", and also performed at the Z Rock festival with the band. In 2012, he again played the Z Rock Festival with Paul Sabu after having played drums on Sabu's "Bangkok Rules" album. In September 2013, Thin Lizzy tribue band, Limehouse Lizzy announced Lee Morris as their new drummer.

</doc>
<doc id="5857449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857449" title="Masri (disambiguation)">
Masri (disambiguation)

Masri ("Egyptian Arabic" مصري: "Egyptian") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857453" title="Die Gerd-Show">
Die Gerd-Show

Die Gerd-Show (en: The Gerd Show) was a German satirical radio show broadcast by Eins Live (WDR). Reaching over 9 million listeners at its peak, it generated several top 20 hits in the German music charts thanks to the impressionist talents of its creator, Elmar Brandt, as well as enough controversy over the show's good taste for it to receive newspaper coverage around the globe, despite the limited international appeal of German political humour.
History.
The programme began in 1999, and was broadcast as a short daily comedy on various radio programmes. The most famous segments of these programmes were Elmar Brandt's rewrites of well-known tunes with new, satirical lyrics, which he sang in an imitation of the voice of Gerhard Schröder, who at that time was Chancellor of Germany. These parodies generated six top 20 hits in Germany, and were also popular in Switzerland and Austria. The most successful of these was "Der Steuersong" (en: "The Tax Song"), which reached the number one spot in Germany and Austria in 2002 and went double-platinum in 2004, having sold over 1 million copies. Based on Las Ketchup's summer dance hit "Aserejé", the song lampooned Schröder's tax policy, listing a number of perceived absurd indirect taxes (such as a tax on dogs) and suggesting new ones on breathing and bad weather, and depicting the Chancellor as a cheat and a promise-breaker. The song was accompanied by a video in which an unflattering Spitting Image-style puppet of Schröder stole coins from a charity collection tin and medicine from the sick.
The song generated political controversy. Reports suggested that Schröder might take legal action, as he notoriously did—successfully—to stop a news agency printing claims that he dyed his hair, with a spokesman for Schröder's Social Democrats saying ""There are limits even to political satire... We will take a look at the video, and the chancellor will have to examine what steps to take."" Schröder did not in the end take legal action, but did call Brandt a ""parasite"" and ""freeloader"" for building a career on someone else's voice, to which Brandt rebutted ""Freeloaders usually attach themselves to people who are successful"". The German tabloid "Bild" voiced indignation, asking ""Can the chancellor be mocked like this?"", though most thought that the song reflected genuine discontent with Schröder's tax policies and that Schröder took the song too seriously.
In 2003, Brandt took part in the German auditions for the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with the song "Alles wird gut" (en: "Everything's Going To Be Alright"). The act, which featured another puppet of Schröder simulating sex with the four backing singers, the "Gerdnerinnen" (Gerdettes, a word play on the German word for gardener), received 30% of the German vote, taking third place and losing out to Lou's feel-good anthem "Let's Get Happy" with 38%.
From 2005, Anne Onken imitated Angela Merkel on the Gerd Show, who would later beat Schröder to become chancellor. During the run-up to the 2005 German federal elections, a duet was released between Brandt as Schröder and Onken as Merkel, entitled "Im Wahlkampf vor mir (Zonenmädchen)" (en: "Ahead of Me in the Polls (Girl from the East")) and set to the tune of "Im Wagen vor mir fährt ein junges Mädchen" by Hans Blum. Despite speculation that it would reach the top spot as "Der Steuersong" did before it, it only reached 25th place in the German charts.
The Gerd Show was ended in October 2005 after 1300 episodes. Its place was taken by the radio serial "Schicksalsjahre einer Kanzlerin - Angela - eine Frau geht seinen Weg" (en: "A Female Chancellor's Years of Destiny - Angela - A Woman Follows His Path"), with Angela Merkel played by Anne Onken and her male colleagues played by Elmar Brandt.

</doc>
<doc id="5857454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857454" title="Administrative divisions of Tambov Oblast">
Administrative divisions of Tambov Oblast


</doc>
<doc id="5857468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857468" title="Ralf Rocchigiani">
Ralf Rocchigiani

Ralf Rocchigiani (born February 13, 1963) is a boxer from Duisburg-Hamborn in Germany.
He was often overlooked due to his more talented and successful younger brother, Graciano Rocchigiani. He became a professional boxer in 1983 and won the German Cruiserweight championship in 1985. He failed in two attempts to win the European Boxing Union Light Heavyweight championships. He also failed to take the WBO Cruiserweight championship from Tyrone Booze in 1992.
He finally won the WBO Cruiserweight championship on June 10, 1995, and held it for more than two years. He won the vacant title by scoring a technical knockout over Carl Thompson and defended it six times. He lost the title in a rematch with Thompson in 1997 and retired from boxing in 1999. Rocchigiani was contractually signed to German boxing promoter Klaus-Peter Kohl and his company "Universum Boxpromotions." He was trained by Fritz Sdunek.
Today Ralf Rocchigiani owns a bar on the Savignyplatz in Berlin and also serves as a trainer for his brother Graciano Rocchigiani.

</doc>
<doc id="5857471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857471" title="Korcheva">
Korcheva

Korcheva () was a town in central Russia, on the territory of the modern Tver Oblast, on the Volga River, with a population of a few thousand people. It received town status in 1781 by the order of the empress Catherine II. Korcheva was the administrative center of Korchevskoy Uyezd, one of the uyezds of Tver Viceroyalty and subsequently, from 1803, of Tver Governorate. The town was prosperous until it was bypassed by the railroads in the latter half of the nineteenth century.
As the Ivankovo Reservoir and the Moscow Canal were constructed during the stalinist development of the Soviet Union, the town was abandoned and destroyed in 1936, and mostly submerged under the waters of the reservoir the next year. Most of the population was resettled into the nearby town of Konakovo. One can still find the only surviving house (which belonged to merchant Rozhdestvensky), a cemetery, and a foundation of the ruined Kazanskaya church at an impracticable bank of the reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="5857472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857472" title="Michael O'Halloran (British politician)">
Michael O'Halloran (British politician)

Michael Joseph O'Halloran (20 August 1933 – 29 November 1999) was a British politician. He was brought up in County Clare, and, finding no employment, he "drifted to London" in 1948, aged 15, and worked as a railwayman until he entered politics.
He was elected Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North in a by-election in 1969 following the death of sitting MP Gerry Reynolds. He was the subject of an investigation in the early 1970s by the "Sunday Times" newspaper. They highlighted his background with a local building company and the local Irish community and questioned the propriety of the tactics of his supporters during his selection as candidate. Regarding Northern Ireland he was staunchly pro-Nationalist and anti-Partition .
O'Halloran was among the Labour MPs who defected to the new Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 1981. However in 1983, the SDP chose John Grant, the MP for Islington Central (which was being abolished in boundary changes), to be its candidate in Islington North. O'Halloran left the SDP to stand as an independent Labour candidate in the 1983 general election. The official Labour candidate Jeremy Corbyn won while O'Halloran came in fourth with 11% of the vote. Grant came third with 22% of the vote.
He retired to County Wexford with his wife, and lived there until his death at age 66.

</doc>
<doc id="5857473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857473" title="East Liverpool Potters">
East Liverpool Potters

The East Liverpool Potters were an American basketball team based in East Liverpool, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League.
In their first season, the team won the regular season and came in second for the postseason series. A championship game was scheduled with Pittsburgh South Side, the winner of the postseason series, but East Liverpool refused to play because the two teams could not agree on the officials. After getting only 4 wins in 61 games, the team dropped out of the league and was replaced by Alliance for the final 10 games of the 1908–09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5857477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857477" title="1963–64 Intertoto Cup">
1963–64 Intertoto Cup

The 1963–64 Intertoto Cup was won by Slovnaft Bratislava who retained the trophy they had won the previous season, defeating Polonia Bytom in the final. The tournament was expanded for this season, with 48 clubs entering compared to 32 in previous years, including the first clubs from Belgium to play in the Intertoto Cup - this meant an additional knock-out round was added between the Group Stage and the Quarter-Finals.
Group stage.
The teams were divided into twelve groups of four clubs each. The groups were divided geographically as 'A', for Belgium, France, Italy and Switzerland; 'B' for Austria, the Netherlands, Sweden and West Germany; and 'C' for Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Poland and Yugoslavia. The twelve group winners (shown in bold in the tables below) advanced to the knock-out rounds - where clubs from each of the three zones, 'A' 'B' and 'C', were kept apart.
Group C1.
The Sosnowiec v Jena match was abandoned after Jena ended up with too few players (due to injuries and sendings-offs), the score at the time was allowed to stand.
Group C3.
The Trencin v Vorwarts match has also been reported as 2–2, but was officially recorded as 2–1.
First round.
1 The Rapid Vienna v Standard Liège tie has also been reported as 2–0 0–1, 2–1 1–0 and 2–0 1–0 (first leg in Liege in all cases), but was officially recorded as 0–1 0–2 (first leg in Vienna).
Quarter-finals.
1 Odra Opole progressed to the Semi-finals on a coin toss.
2The Odra Opole v Slovan Bratislava tie has also been erroneously reported (i.e. by RSSSF) as 1–1 1–1.
3The Rouen v Standard Liège tie has also been reported as 0–0 3–3, but was officially recorded as 3–0 3–3.
Final.
Played over 1 leg, in Vienna (neutral venue).

</doc>
<doc id="5857479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857479" title="2006 Michigan Wolverines football team">
2006 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 2006 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's head football coach was Lloyd Carr. The Wolverines came into the season with lower expectations than many Michigan teams of the previous few seasons, ranked #14. They won their first 11 games and rose to No. 2 in the national rankings before losing a close battle in Columbus to top-ranked Ohio State. Michigan concluded their schedule in the Rose Bowl against the USC Trojans. The game was tied 3–3 at half time, but USC pulled away in the second half, handing Michigan their second loss of the season. The 2006 Michigan Wolverines finished the season with a record of 11–2, ranked No. 8 in the nation, and tied for second in the Big Ten Conference with Wisconsin, whom they defeated, 27–13, early that season. The Wolverines played their home games at Michigan Stadium.
Preseason.
The 2005 offseason saw a coaching shakeup, prompted by the departure of coordinators Terry Malone and Jim Herrmann. Ron English was promoted from secondary coach to defensive coordinator and Mike DeBord from special teams coach to offensive coordinator, while Steve Szabo and Ron Lee were hired as assistant coaches.
Between the new coaching staff and many returning starters, the Wolverines, led by third year starting quarterback Chad Henne, expected to compete for the Big Ten title and associated BCS bowl bid. The voters of the coaches' poll and AP poll also expected improvement, respectively ranking Michigan #15 and #14.
True sophomore Antonio Bass suffered a career ending knee injury in fall practice. Bass was expected to play wide receiver and occasionally quarterback. Projected starting right tackle Mike Kolodziej's career was cut short due to injury just before the season due to unknown medical problems.
Game notes.
Vanderbilt.
Michigan's defense held the Commodores to 171 total yards of offense (129 passing, 42 rushing). Star junior running back Mike Hart ran for 146 yards on 31 carries to kick off the 2006 season. Defensive coordinator Ron English's squad proved to be considerably more aggressive than recent Wolverine defenses, collecting six sacks and forcing two turnovers (both via lost fumbles). Michigan's offense was led by a strong rushing attack, which unveiled a new scheme using zone blocking. Behind this zone blocking scheme, the Wolverines rushed for 246 yards on the day and averaged 4.8 yards per carry. Michigan scored on their first drive of the game, as Hart busted off several big runs, and true sophomore running back Kevin Grady finished it off with a 19-yard touchdown run. Later in the first, Michigan thought they had a touchdown pass from junior quarterback Chad Henne to true sophomore receiver Mario Manningham. But after reviewing the play, it was ruled that Manningham dropped the ball, and Michigan settled for a 33-yard field-goal by senior kicker Garrett Rivas. In the second quarter, Vanderbilt caught the Wolverines by surprise, as sophomore receiver Earl Bennett completed a halfback toss pass to wide open senior receiver Marlon White for a 30-yard touchdown. Bennett, led the Commodores on the day with 6 catches for 58 yards). On U-M's ensuing drive, Henne hit senior wide receiver Steve Breaston on a short hook route, and Breaston proceeded to make a phenomenal run after the catch, juking out several Commodores before finally being shoved out of bounds. The play went for 29 yards, and it set up a 48-yard field-goal by Rivas. At halftime, it was 13–7 Wolverines. The third quarter was sluggish for both teams, but with 2:29 to go, Henne found senior tight end Tyler Ecker in the back of the end zone for a 14 yard touchdown pass. Ecker made a leaping catch with his arms stretched out in the air, and he managed to haul it down with one foot in the end zone. Vanderbilt wasn't out of it yet, and they advanced to the Michigan 27 yard-line with under 10 minutes to go in the fourth quarter, and a great chance to cut its deficit to one score. However, a 4th down and 5 pass on that drive fell incomplete. Michigan put the game away for good with 2:11 left, as Manningham redeemed himself with a 27-yard bomb of a touchdown catch on 3rd and 10, setting the final score at 27–7. Michigan's defense was vicious all day, as they held Vanderbilt to 1.6 yards per carry. Senior defensive end Rondell Biggs led the Michigan defense with 6 tackles, 4 tackles for loss, and 2 sacks. Grady finished with 5 carries for 30 yards and one touchdown, Manningham had 3 catches for 44 yards and one touchdown, and Breaston led Michigan with 4 catches for 68 yards. Sophomore Quarterback Chris Nickson was Vanderbilt's leading passer and rusher, but he only completed 11 of 25 passes for 99 yards, and he was held to 16 carries for 22 yards on the ground.
Central Michigan.
In a game interrupted by the first weather delay in Michigan Stadium history, Michigan kept it on the ground against the Chippewas, rushing 50 times against only 21 pass attempts. The Wolverines running game once again dominated, rushing for 252 yards and averaging 5.0 yards per carry. Their defense was also relentless, holding the Mid-American Conference champions dangerous spread offense to 204 total offensive yards (188 passing and a measly 16 yards rushing).
The game started off with a bad omen for Michigan, as Hart fumbled on the games first play—his first fumble since the 2004 game against Iowa. Hart had gone over 700 touches without fumbling, but luckily for Michigan, Manningham recovered the fumble, and Hart scored a 5 yard touchdown run on that opening drive. It was Hart's first touchdown-running or receiving-since midway through the 2005 season, when he scored a third-quarter touchdown run in a 27–25 win over Penn State. Hart had gone six straight games without scoring a touchdown. The Chippewas marched to the U-M 14 yard line directly following Hart's touchdown run, but All-American senior defensive end LaMarr Woodley sacked sensational redshirt freshmen quarterback Dan LeFevour and caused a fumble, which he recovered. Hart added another touchdown run with 1:28 to go in the first quarter, this time from 18 yards out. CMU fumbled and turned the ball over again following Hart's second TD, and the fumble was once again recovered by Woodley. The Wolverines converted that turnover into a 21–0 lead, as Grady crashed in from three yards out with 12:24 left in the second quarter. On the drive following Grady's touchdown, CMU got on the scoreboard, with LeFevour finding junior receiver Justin Gardner for a 38 yard touchdown strike. The two teams then exchanged field-goals, and it was 24–10 Michigan at halftime. The Chippweas got the ball to start the third quarter, and they advanced to the Michigan 34 yard line, but a LeFevour pass on 4th and 7 fell incomplete, and the Wolverines all but put the game away on the ensuing possession. Breaston made a brilliant 26 yard run on a wide receiver reverse, and Hart finished off the drive with a 2 yard touchdown run-his third score of the day. Rivas added his second field goal of the day with 1:22 remaining to give Michigan a 34–10 lead going into the fourth quarter. With 11:41 left in the game, junior outside linebacker Max Pollack intercepted a bad pass by LeFevour and returned it 12 yards for a touchdown and a 41–10 lead. Pollack was merely a substitution at OLB, and he also was only a walkon. At this point, Michigan had all their backups on the field, and CMU scored one more touchdown: a 3 yard pass from LeFevour to senior receiver Damien Linson.
Hart finished with 19 carries for 116 yards and 3 touchdowns. Grady added 12 carries for 46 yards and 1 touchdown. Breaston had 6 touches for 109 all purpose yards, and All-American senior middle linebacker David Harris led the Wolverines with 6 tackles. Aside from his 2 touchdown passes, LeFevour had a rough day, completing only 17–36 passes for 153 yards and the interception that was returned for a touchdown. He was also sacked 4 times, and as a result had 8 carries for −21 yards. Linson led the CMU receiving unit with 6 catches for 87 yards and one touchdown, while Gardner added 3 catches for 54 yards and one touchdown. The CMU running game was abominable, averaging only 0.8 yards per carry. Sophomore Ontario Sneed led the way with 11 carries for 33 yards, but almost all those yards came off a 25 yard run. Otherwise, Michigan limited him to only 10 carries for 8 yards.
Notre Dame.
In a nationally-televised game, Michigan routed the 2nd-ranked Fighting Irish of Notre Dame in South Bend, 47–21. Using a combination of an aggressive defense, a vertical passing combination of Chad Henne to Mario Manningham, and ball control running by Mike Hart, the Wolverines intercepted Irish quarterback Brady Quinn three times and completely frustrated the Irish. Irish running back Darius Walker ran for just 25 yards on ten carries. Henne, although intercepted once, was 13 for 22 and completed three touchdown passes to Manningham, who had four receptions for 137 yards. Steve Breaston provided most of the remainder of the passing attack with six catches for 42 yards. Hart had a touchdown and 124 yards rushing. Defenders LaMarr Woodley and Prescott Burgess had long returns for touchdowns on Irish turnovers. The final score was 47–21 in a break-out game for the Wolverines. The Wolverines gave Coach Lloyd Carr a Gatorade bath after the huge victory which boosted them in the rankings and put them in contention for a national title.
Wisconsin.
Michigan entered the game ranked sixth nationally in the AP poll, while Wisconsin was unranked. The game marked the Big Ten opener for both teams. Wisconsin came into the game averaging nearly 200 yards rushing per game, but Michigan entered the game ranked number 1 in the nation in rushing defense, allowing only 21 yards per game. The Wolverine defense won this matchup, holding Wisconsin to just 12 rushing yards and 3 second half points. Mario Manningham caught seven passes for 113 yards and two touchdowns, giving him five in the past two weeks. Adrian Arrington had his best game to date, catching four passes for 79 yards.
Minnesota.
The Wolverines won their third straight revenge game, reclaiming the Little Brown Jug after losing it to the Gophers in 2005. This marked the first season since 1999 that Michigan made it through the month of September undefeated. The offense came out hot, scoring 21 points in the first half. Hart rushed for a season-high 195 yards on 31 carries, and Henne had another efficient game, completing 17 of 24 passes for 284 yards. Manningham had his third straight 100 yard game, while Arrington continued his emergence as Michigan's No. 2 receiver, scoring the first two touchdowns of the game. David Harris led the defense with nine tackles.
Michigan State.
Michigan State suffered its third straight loss of the season as Michigan retained the Paul Bunyan Trophy for the fifth straight year. It was a mistake-filled game for the Spartans, who committed 11 penalties for a total loss of 87 yards. The Wolverines dominated the ground game on both sides of the ball, allowing 60 yards rushing on defense and gaining 211 yards on offense. Hart shared carries with both Kevin Grady and Brandon Minor, and the latter, a true freshman, broke a 40 yard run for the first touchdown of his career. Henne only attempted 17 passes, but three of them went for touchdowns, one to Arrington and the other two to Manningham. Leon Hall and Jamar Adams both intercepted passes from Drew Stanton, and Burgess had eight tackles, including the Wolverines' only sack of the afternoon.
Penn State.
Michigan's defensive front seven was the story of the game, collecting seven sacks and holding the Nittany Lions to −14 net rushing yards. On a third-quarter pass play, Alan Branch knocked Penn State's quarterback Anthony Morelli out of the game with a concussion; Penn State's backup quarterback Daryl Clark was later injured on a rushing attempt. Third-string quarterback Paul Cianciolo managed to throw the Nittany Lions' only touchdown pass of the game. The game was a homecoming for Pennsylvania native Henne, who played the only game of his career at Penn State. With Manningham not playing due to a knee injury suffered against Michigan State, Arrington and Breaston caught the bulk of Henne's passes, each collecting five receptions. Hart picked up his sixth 100-yard rushing game of the season and scored the winning touchdown.
Iowa.
The Hawkeyes gave Michigan one of its toughest contests of the year, staying within a touchdown well into the fourth quarter. After getting held to only 27 yards in the first half, Hart rushed for 99 in the second and scored the only two touchdowns of the game. Henne spread the ball out amongst his receivers with Manningham out, including Arrington, Breaston, and true freshman Greg Mathews. Arrington again was the Wolverines' leading receiver; the Iowa native caught eight passes for 79 yards. Offensive linemen Rueben Riley was injured in the second half, but was ably replaced by Justin Boren in the first meaningful time of the true freshman's career. Shawn Crable led the defense with three sacks on Iowa's senior quarterback Drew Tate. Woodley also picked up two sacks, bringing his total on the year to nine, good for fourth in the nation.
Northwestern.
On a cold, windy day, with Manningham still out, Michigan stuck with a conservative game plan against the Wildcats, throwing the ball only 20 times against 46 rushes. Northwestern, one week after losing to Michigan State in the largest comeback in Division I FBS history, turned the ball over five times to Michigan and were held to −13 yards on the ground. Hart led the offense with 95 yards, and in relief senior Jerome Jackson saw his first significant action of the season, gaining 59 yards on nine attempts. The defense had contributors from all positions: Defensive backs Hall and Willis Barringer each had interceptions, linebacker Harris had both a sack and an interception, and lineman Woodley had two sacks, forcing and recovering a fumble on one.
Ball State.
A game that Michigan was expected to win big – and in which it once held a big lead – turned into a surprisingly close affair. The Wolverines' offense uncharacteristically gave up a quick nine points to the Cardinals, coached by future Michigan head coach Brady Hoke, with Hart fumbling out of the Michigan end zone for a safety and Henne throwing an interception that was returned for a touchdown to give Ball State an early 9–7 lead. The Wolverines subsequently controlled the second and third quarters to build a 31–12 lead and seemed well in control of the game. However, the Michigan second-string defenders struggled to stop the Cardinal offense, and the first-string defense was forced to return late in the game to stave off a final Ball State drive. For the first time since its 2003 game against Houston, Michigan had a pair of 100-yard rushers: Hart with 154 on 25 carries, and Minor with 108 on 12 carries. Each scored a touchdown, as did Jackson, who gained 68 yards on six carries.
The Ball State game was notable for two other reasons: First, it was the 200th consecutive game with at least 100,000 people in attendance at Michigan Stadium. In addition, actor Patrick Stewart directed the Michigan Marching Band during their halftime performance in a salute to old-time television shows. Stewart was part of the Royal Shakespeare Company's fall 2006 residency at the University of Michigan, and directed the band to the theme from Star Trek. Upon being asked if he had any advice for the Wolverines for their upcoming Ohio State game, Stewart replied, "Boldly go and beat the Buckeyes. Make it so, number one!"
Indiana.
Michigan jumped to an early lead with a touchdown pass to Adrian Arrington and a touchdown run by Mike Hart. Steve Breaston also had a big game with a 62 yard touchdown reception and an 83 yard punt return for a touchdown. Indiana allowed five sacks, and Michigan cornerback Leon Hall broke the school record for most deflected passes in a career. Michigan won 34–3.
Ohio State.
On November 17, 2006, Bo Schembechler, the esteemed former coach of the Michigan Wolverines football program, died at the age of 77. He collapsed prior to taping his weekly college football preview show. His death came the day before one of the biggest games in the history of the Michigan–Ohio State football rivalry: the two teams both brought undefeated records to the game for the first time since 1973, and met as the #1- and #2-ranked teams for the first time in the 103-game history of the series.
In the game against the Ohio State Buckeyes, second-ranked Michigan received the ball to start the game and promptly scored a touchdown on a run by Mike Hart, the first of three he would score in the game. However, top-ranked Ohio State answered with a touchdown on its own initial drive, and dominated the rest of the half to take a 28–14 lead into intermission. Michigan scored on its first two possessions of the second half to close the deficit to four points, but could not wrest away the lead. The two teams exchanged touchdowns for the remainder, with each scoring twice; the Wolverines converted a two-point attempt to make the score 42–39 with less than three minutes remaining. A subsequent onside kick by the Wolverines was unsuccessful, and the Buckeyes came away with the victory. This game was significant in the BCS Bowl Line-up, as rather than being matched with the Buckeyes in the championship game, the Wolverines were matched in the Rose Bowl a record seventh time with the USC Trojans.
USC (Rose Bowl).
Michigan lost to the USC Trojans in the Rose Bowl Game on January 1, 2007. The game was tied 3–3 at the half but the high powered USC offense came out in the second half, giving USC the 32–18 victory.
Statistical achievements.
The team earned the Big Ten rushing defense statistical championships for all games by holding opponents to 43.4 yards per game. The team also earned the Big Ten rushing defense statistical championships for conference games by holding opponents to 50.9 yards per game. They were the conference leaders in quarterback sacks for conference games (3.3 sacks per game) and all games (3.3 sacks per game).
Garrett Rivas set the current Michigan Wolverines football records for career scoring (354), surpassing Anthony Thomas' 2000 record (336), field goals (64), surpassing Remy Hamilton's 1996 record (63), and point after touchdowns (162), surpassing J. D. Carlson's 1991 record (137). He has also tied Mike Gillette's 1988 record of 13 career 40-yard field goals.
Players.
Michigan returned 18 of 22 starters for 2006, one of the highest totals in the nation.
Key returning starters for the offense included quarterback Chad Henne, running back Mike Hart, and wide receiver and kick returner Steve Breaston. Henne and Hart, who both started in 2004 as true freshmen, looked to rebound from their 2005 sophomore slumps. Hart, Breaston, and captain Jake Long all missed significant time due to injury in 2005.
On defense, captains LaMarr Woodley, David Harris and Leon Hall respectively anchored the defensive line, linebacking corps and defensive secondary. Woodley and Hall were four-year starters.

</doc>
<doc id="5857480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857480" title="List of former DuMont Television Network affiliates">
List of former DuMont Television Network affiliates

This is a partial list of affiliate stations of the DuMont Television Network, which operated in the United States from 1946 to 1956. At its peak in 1954, DuMont was affiliated with around 200 TV stations. In its later years, DuMont was carried mostly on poorly watched UHF channels or had only secondary affiliations on VHF stations. The DuMont affiliation ending dates listed here are somewhat tentative in several cases; DuMont ended most operations on April 1, 1955, and honored network commitments until August 1956.
Many stations in the early years of television affiliated with more than one network. There were not enough local stations in most cities for each of the four major networks to have an affiliate, leading to the four networks (as well as a number of smaller networks) to fight for air time. Local TV stations were free to "cherry-pick" which programs they would broadcast. Many of DuMont's "affiliates" carried very little DuMont programming, choosing to air one or two more popular programs (such as "Life Is Worth Living", which was aired by 169 stations during the 1953–1954 season) and/or sports programming on the weekends. Few stations carried the full DuMont program line-up.
DuMont's advertising revenues depended on being able to be viewed nationwide. As a result, the company made affiliation agreements which have been described as "a crazy patchwork of deals". In many cities, DuMont was affiliated with more than one TV station in order to get more of its programming cleared for broadcast. No definitive list of affiliated stations from 1946 to 1956 exists, and many sources contradict one another.
DuMont's owned-and-operated stations are highlighted in yellow. The Paramount owned-and-operated stations, which didn't carry DuMont programs but were ruled DuMont O&Os by the FCC, are shown in pink.
Footnotes.
† Ending dates tentative; source does not give a date for the end of affiliation with DuMont or states affiliation ended at the end of the network operations. DuMont cancelled most network programs beginning 1 April 1955, and honored network commitments until 6 August 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5857484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857484" title="Déjà Vu (Dionne Warwick song)">
Déjà Vu (Dionne Warwick song)

"Déjà Vu" is a 1979 ballad song written by Isaac Hayes and Adrienne Anderson and recorded by Dionne Warwick in 1979. It was the second single released from her Arista debut album, "Dionne", which was produced by Barry Manilow. The song was Warwick's fifth and last top 40 single of her 1970s period and her second top 40 single following the release of "I'll Never Love This Way Again" in the five years since her number-one single, "Then Came You", featuring The Spinners.
"Déjà Vu" went to number fifteen on the Billboard Hot 100, number twenty-five on the soul chart, and number one on the Adult Contemporary chart in early 1980. Warwick won the Grammy for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Déjà Vu", also winning for Best Pop Female Vocal Performance for "I'll Never Love This Way Again". Warwick became the first artist ever to win the R&B and pop categories on the same night.

</doc>
<doc id="5857487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857487" title="Baron Omar Rolf von Ehrenfels">
Baron Omar Rolf von Ehrenfels

Baron Omar Rolf von Ehrenfels was a prominent Muslim of Austrian origin.
Life outline.
Omar, or as he later chose, Umar Rolf Ehrenfels was born 28 April 1901 in Prague, Austria. He was baptised Rolf Werner Leopold von Ehrenfels. His father was Roman Catholic Baron Christian von Ehrenfels (1859–1932) professor of philosophy at the German part of Prague University. He is known as the founder of the Gestalt theory. His mother was Emma von Ehrenfels (1862–1946) born André, in Bratislava (Pressburg). In her parental home both German and Hungarian was spoken. During World War I she worked for the Red Cross caring for Hungarian wounded soldiers. Widowed of her first marriage she brought her daughter Elfriede (Elfi) Hartmann into their home. The second daughter, known as the author Imma von Bodmershof (1895–1983), was born in Graz. Rolf as the only son of Christian Freiherr von Ehrenfels inherited the title but he had to discard it according to new Austrian laws in 1920. As a convert to Islam he took on the name Omar or Umar, kept Rolf and omitted the others. 1932–37 he was a student of social anthropology (Völkerkunde) at Vienna University and got a doctorate there. At the Nazi occupation of Austria, Anschluss, 13 March 1938, he emigrated to India. There he lived until 1961, since 1949 as lecturer, later professor of social anthropology at the University of Madras. Umar Rolf Ehrenfels died 7 February 1980 in Neckargemuend, Germany having been guest professor at Heidelberg University and co- founder of its South Asia Institute 1961-71. Elfriede von Bodmershof (1894–1982) was his wife 1925–1948. The couple was separated due to the Nazi occupation of 1938. Later Ehrenfels married the French social scientist Mireille Abeille (1924–2007).
An Austrian citizen with strong family ties.
Rolf Ehrenfels was an Austrian citizen all his life. Lichtenau near Krems and Gföhl in Lower Austria was his home parish. Since 1813 the Ehrenfels family were settled in Schloss Lichtenau. Also the castles Brunn im Walde and Rastbach were family properties. Rolf's eldest sister "Elfi" Elfriede Hartmann married a widower with three children and had her own home from the early 1920s. His sister Imma Ehrenfels married Wilhelm "Willy" (von) Bodmershof (Schuster)and they settled at Rastbach castle for life. In 1925 there was a double wedding as Rolf Ehrenfels married Willy's sister Fridl who became Elfriede Ehrenfels She was born in Trieste, Austria.
A young intellectual in the Berlin of the 1920s.
For a period Rolf lived in Berlin. His first wife Ellen Feld can be seen as she has a part in a film, Das grosse Sehnen , for which Rolf wrote the manuscript. Rolf and his friend Willy Bodmershof worked on it together and shot it partly in a studio in Berlin, partly on location in Istanbul in 1923. On this trip, partly by bicycle, Rolf's interest in Islam was kindled. Also Christian von Ehrenfels appears in it, as a wise man. There are still photos in Ehrenfels archive, Lichtenau. The film is now in the Austrian Film Museum in Vienna. The film was reviewed by Kurt Bauchwitz as press clippings in the Ehrenfels archive show. Kurt was one of the intellectual Jews in the Berlin Wilmersdorf area. With him Rolf Ehrenfels developed a friendship for life. Kurt called himself Roy C Bates when he had escaped to the USA after 1933. Their relationship is documented in the Roy C Bates papers in the Grenander Collections at Albany University, USA.
A European Muslim.
Around 1926 Rolf made up his mind to convert to Islam. He took on the name Omar, used in his Muslim circles, Rolf in the family. (Later he turned a Sufist using different invented Sufi names.) In Berlin Omar got attached to the Wilmersdorfer Moschee of Ahmadyya Anjuman located in Brienner Strasse near Fehrbelliner Platz. Philosophy and religion were common interests to Rolf and his wife from 1925, Elfriede Ehrenfels. She contributed to academic journals of philosophy. She was never a Muslim but attracted by Baha'i. Christian Ehrenfels major work "Kosmogonie" (Jena 1916. English translated by M. Focht New York: Comet Press, 1948) fascinated them. Together Omar and Fridl made car tours in Muslim Europe, Bosnia and Albania, in 1929 and 1935. In 1931- 38 Omar wrote several important articles for the Berlin mosque journal started in 1924, Moslemische Revue, after he got a copy of it from the Imam Abdullah Effendi Kurbegovic (1873–1933) at the Great Mosque in Sarajevo. Living at Lichtenau Omar was one of the editorial board. He also wrote for Muslim Journals in English, connected to the Lahori Ahmadiyya e.g. at Woking. At his death in 1980 Umar Rolf was said to be the oldest Muslim by choice, "Wahlmuslim", in Europe. He wrote Muslim (Sufist) articles until the end ("Sifat", Zuerich,1978).
On the track of Kurban Said.
Young writers at fruitful work.
Like brother and sister Willy and Fridl Bodmershof did, Rolf tried his luck both as free lance journalist and fiction writer. Kurt Bauchwitz and the circles in Berlin (Wilmersdorf?) encouraged him. He got many articles published, mostly under different pseudonyms. His best known one was Othmar Steinmetz. Soon Rolf and Fridl became a writing couple. "My wife and literary co- worker since 1925, has assisted considerably in the planning and laying- out of the book, and Count and Countess Coudenhove- Kalergis in the completion of the manuscript as well as productive criticism". This Rolf Ehrenfels writes in his doctoral disseration, written 1937 in German, as it was printed in English in 1941. The Preface is dated "Hyderabad, Deccan June 24th 1940". 
From 1927 (?) the two married couples, Imma- Willy Bodmershof and Fridl- Rolf Ehrenfels, lived mostly at Lichtenau and Rastbach, doubly occupied with farming work on the estate and writing. The Ehrenfels parents' home was in Prague, the Bodmershof's in Trieste. Both Willy and Rolf managed to finish doctorates: Rolf Ehrenfels in Vienna in 1937, Wilhelm Bodmershof at Graz University in 1933. Thanks to connections with his father's students in Prague and his mother's friends in cultural, feminist circles in Prague and Vienna Rolf got the opportunity to publish articles and also a serialized novel in Prager Tagblatt in 88 parts called "Ein Kriegskind sucht das Glück" by Othmar Steinmetz. The date of the complete manuscript in the Lichtenau archive is 13 March 1930. In the archive there are other manuscripts and letters, among others to Tal Verlag, which confirm that Rolf and Elfriede Ehrenfels wrote novels together. They agreed to put one of their names on the text in turns. Evidently with the Kurban Said's novels it was Elfriede's turn . After Rolf had escaped to India February 1939 after eight months in Greece together there was no more Kurban Said.
Copyright debate on Kurban Said.
The copyright sign is, or rather should be, the ultimate proof Elfriede Ehrenfels born Bodmershof has the right to be called the originator of the two novels by the pseudonym Kurban Said. "Ali und Nino" published in 1937 by Tal Verlag in Vienna is the best known. In Europe the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Work of 1886 gives the person whose name is behind the copyright sign the right to be identified as the author of a book. Both publishers and authors had an interest not to have their work stolen. The publisher's right is/was something else, drawn up in a contract. National bibliographies were printed yearly. For years the massive American National Union Catalog NUC, listing books in the Congress library, was printed. Both NUC and the German bibliography "Gesamtverzeichnis" GV give the information that Kurban Said is Elfriede Ehrenfels. The convention is different in the USA. Americans are not always aware of this. It is a misunderstanding that "authorities" gave away copyright after Austria was occupied by Nazi-Germany. The occupation power printed its sign, the swastika, wherever they wanted. And they wanted it everywhere.
Professor Gerhard Hoepp's (1942–2003) research is a major source to Tom Reiss as he elaborated an article of 1999 into a book 2005. However in his article of 2001 "Who wrote "Ali and Nino": to the archaeology of a legend" Hoepp sums up competing theories in a review of new editions (Overlook, New York, 1999; Ullstein, Berlin 2000) of "Ali and Nino" combined with Tom Reiss' article. Hoepp states "dass Elfriede von Ehrenfels- Bodmershof, die auch den Vertrag fuer "Ali und Nino" unterzeichnete, Kurban Said war, steht inzwischen ausser Zeifel." (That EEB, who also signed the contract for A&N, was Kurban Said, is since then beyond doubt.) The contract for Ali und Nino was made with Mr Tal, who only signed Tal, which appears from the contract shown to Tom Reiss.
His widow Lucy in 1973 tried to take over the copyright owned by Elfriede Ehrenfels. The issue in the 2000s has become, as if a woman could not have achieved a novel on her own: Who was her co-writer? Essad Bey was a guess from the 1930s according to Hoepp. This guess was adopted and developed by Reiss (1999, 2005). The second wave of publication from 1970 introduced the Azerbaijan author Yusif Vazir Chamanzaminli as the sole Kurban Said. "Obwohl diese Annamhe nicht halten lässt" (although this belief does not stand to tests). Hoepp says, it was spread by the Turkish publisher and later in the Soviet Union of the Glasnost. There was no more talk of Elfriede Ehrenfels.
The Chamanzaminli theory was researched by the magazine Azerbaijan International. AI exhibits the covers of about a hundred editions of Ali and Nino and has published an extensive analysis of their research. 
On a few, a portrait of Elfriede appears, on one (German 2001), she is shown together with Omar Rolf, from a portrait in the film "Das grosse Sehnen". Fridl Ehrenfels' obvious co-writer, if any, was her husband Omar Rolf. His inside knowledge of Islam was significant. 
Gerhard Hoepp does not go into this. He is a scientist and has done no research on Ehrenfels, but he has published research on Lev Noussimbaum. Hoepp in 1997 considers Essad Bey as the co-author of "Ali and Nino". One of the informants he mentions is Professor Dr. Heinz Barazon. Reiss 2005 shows that he is the legal adviser of Rolf Ehrenfels' widow Mireille Ehrenfels and their daughter Leela Ehrenfels. Some of the data on "Ali and Nino" from 1970 into the 2000s build on gossip running in Vienna after Anschluss 13 March 1938, as told by Dr Barazon to Tom Reiss, and also distorted memories of aged informants. Mireille Ehrenfels gave the wrong year (1937) and causes for the separation between Rolf and Fridl (conflicts) to the family lawyer Dr Barazon.
Rolf Ehrenfels in "Mother- right in India" (1941) says they wrote together since 1925. In "Kadar of Cochin" he states that Fridl was with him during the first eight months of his exile spent in Greece. She did her own research in Greece and her interest continues. They correspond on topics even 1952.
Tom Reiss' distorted argumentation of 1999.
Tom Reiss' article "The Man from the East" in The New Yorker 4 October 1999 (p. 68–83) is digitalised. His main purpose is to "outwit the Nazis". The mainline is to write up his man Lev Nussimbaum, known as the author Essad Bey, and write down not only the legal copyright holder Elfriede Ehrenfels but also the Ehrenfels family. Reiss has become convinced that the publisher of Kurban Said's two novels has been exposed to the Nazi Aryanisation of companies with the effect that Jewish Nussimabaum's work was given to the Aryan noblewoman Baroness Elfriede von Ehrenfels. This may be a valid theory about the second novel but not "Ali and Nino". It appeared in Vienna 1937, a year before the Nazi occupation, but Reiss treats the publication as if the Nazists had already taken over. The "Gesamtkatalog" that had existed since the 1880s Reiss refers to as "the Third Reich's equivalent of Books in Print." He goes on to treat it as "Nazi documents". He repeats it in the caption to Elfriede's photo. Reiss prints Heinz Barazon's (1914–2002) version of undocumented gossip. Himself a Jew Dr Barazon was in exile and returned after the war. Reiss lets Barazon say: "By 1936 the marriage between Elfriede and Baron Rolf, Leela's father, was kaput, and he suspected that Elfriede had had an affair with Essad Bey and that "Kurban Said" had grown out of this romantic relationship." (p.71) Compare this to Rolf's own words printed 1941 in the preface of Mother-right in India and in "Kadar of Cochin" (1952). They were separated by the war but had continued to write letters. 
Instead of stating the death threat to Omar Rolf when the Nazis marched into his home town Vienna 13 March 1938, Reiss writes: "during the war Omar Rolf went to India". Elfriede's stay in Greece Reiss describes arrogantly. Instead of one sentence about Rolf Ehrenfels' professional career Reiss writes (p. 74) "the Baron's strange forty- year ride through the Islamic world". What is he "out-witting"?
No need for de- Nazification.
Reiss' argumentation builds on his theory that there was a need for "the family´s de- Nazification". This can be compared to documented facts visible also on the dust jacket of Umar Rolf Ehrenfels' "The Light Continent" (1960). "Escaping the Hitler terror when the Nazis occupied Austria, Dr. U.R. Ehrenfels, born at Prague in 1901, took refuge in India in 1939." After respect to his father Christian we are informed of travels to the East and studies. "/In Vienna/ Ehrenfels became founder- president of Der Orientbund, an Afro-Asian students' federation." After a trip to India 1932- 33 "he went back to become the co- editor of "Gerechtigkeit" (justice) in Vienna, a journal which stood for the integrity of Abyssinia (Ethiopia) and for Human Rights when Italy invaded that country." The book has a printed dedication: "In memoriam the victims of Sharpeville and Lunda" and to his wife Mireille called Mie. 
Tom Reiss did not go deep enough into the documents shown to him when he visited Lichtenau in 1998. "De- Nazification" was a British invention that all prisoners of internment camps had to go through after 1945. Also Jews who had escaped to India to save themselves from Holocaust were exposed to the process. Not all succeeded. Facts about this are not on the Internet. It seems to be a taboo subject to historians. Reiss solves a "mystery" by turning victims of Nazism into Nazists.
A legal copyright owner and defender of authorship.
The Berne Convention copyright law is the reason why Elfriede Ehrenfels in her will could let her right go on to Rolf's and Mireille's daughter Leela Ehrenfels at Fridl's death in 1982.
Alternative point of view regarding actual authorship of "Ali and Nino".
For those wishing to examine the question of the actual authorship of the novel "Ali and Nino", see Azerbaijan International. The staff of Azerbaijan International magazine spent six years of extensive research in 10 languages (Azeri, Russian, English, German, French, Italian, Georgian, Turkish, Persian and Swedish) before publishing their results, which are meticulously documented from research carried out in the National Archives of various countries including Azerbaijan, Georgia, Ukraine and Germany.
There is no doubt that Elfriede Ehrenfels registered the pseudonym Kurban Said in her own name for and "Girl from the Golden Horn." See photos of registration. But the dispute focuses on a deeper issue: Who actually wrote the novel, given the political, racist, and religious prejudices that existed in Germany and Austria at that time? 
Elfriede Ehrenfels facilitated the registration of the book with German authorities but there is no proof that she actually wrote the novel herself or that she co-authored the novel or that she even was interested in the independence movement in Azerbaijan which is the historical setting of the novel. Neither Baron Omar Rolf Ehrenfels nor his wife Elfriede had ever visited Azerbaijan and the novel is quite detailed in its description of actual personalities as well as locations in Baku and the countryside. Nor does the castle at Lichtenau, Austria, where the Ehrenfels lived provide any links with Azerbaijan. 
Yes, there are first edition copies of Kurban Said's books in Elfriede's metal chest at the Lichtenau Castle but that is not proof of authorship. It would be quite natural for someone who had registered the novels to have copies.
Correspondence exists in the personal archives of the publisher of the book - Lucy Tal - indicating she had never met Elfriede Ehrenfels and was totally surprised to find that the Elfriede Ehrenfels had registered the pseudonym "Kurban Said" in her name. Lucy Tal's husband Peter had died of a heart attack on November 30, 1936, several months before the book was printed.
A passage to India 1932- 33.
In an attempt to overcome the grief at his beloved father's death Umar Rolf made a journey to India in 1932-33. Together with the Imam of the Wilmersdorfer Mosque in Berlin, former professor in Lahore Dr S.M. Abdullah, Baron Omar made a lecture tour from Lahore in the north to Hyderabad in the south as an advocate of the Ahmadiya movement. He sent reports from the tour printed in newspapers. At home again he lectured. The tour affected him so much that Umar Rolf decided to give his life a new turn. He made India his main life project. His interest was deep. His father's colleague the Indologist professor Moriz Winternitz (1863–1937) had taught Rolf as a boy. He had met high-ranking Indians in his home among them the Nobel Prize Laureate Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941). Mahatma Gandhi's close man Vallabhai Patel (1875–1950) was the patron of Der Orientbund in Vienna, which Umar Rolf founded 1932 and presided until his escape to India 1938. What Ehrenfels saw of women's position on the tour 1932-33 made him choose to study social anthropology at Vienna University. In 1937 he got his doctorate with the dissertation "Mutterrecht in Vorderindien". It was translated by himself and published in Hyderbad/Dn in 1941 as "Mother-right in India".
Refugee from Nazist Austria in British India.
In 1938 Umar Rolf Ehrenfels lived in Vienna. He was known as a convert to Islam and founding president of the multiracial students' society in Vienna called Der Orientbund or Islamischer Kulturbund. His doctoral dissertation of 1937 built on a strongly anti- Aryan theory. As an active anti- fascist Umar Rolf had to flee to save his life after the Nazi occupation of Austria 13 March 1938. His wife Elfriede did not want to leave Austria. Rolf tried to protect her from harassment by a divorce in 1938, which was denied. Franz Kafka's friend and biographer Max Brod (1884–1968) was editor of Prager Tageblatt that had published many texts by Rolf. Brod managed to warn Rolf, who was lecturing in Prague, not to go back to Vienna, where he was on the Nazi death list. In 1939 Brod fled to Tel Aviv. He stayed in contact with Umar Rolf for life. They were engaged in JCM, an organisation to near the three religions. This was a recurrent theme of the Moslemische revue from 1924 on.
Ehrenfels left his home by way of Greece trying to find solutions. His wife went with him and friends came to support him. Thanks to Sir Akbar Hydari (1869–1941) Baron von Ehrenfels in 1939 could escape to be the guest of The Nizam of Hyderabad Deccan in South India. "Motherright in India" has a printed dedication saying: "To Sir Akbar Hydari, the Chancellor of the Osmania University, the distinguished promoter of science and learning in India." According to plans Ehrenfels was to become professor of a new department of anthropology but a Nazi party member from Vienna came in his way. One trace of this plan is "Ilm-ul Aqam". It is anthropological textbook for students in two volumes translated from Ehrenfels' manuscript in English into Urdu by Dr. Syed Abid Hussain. A letter to Max Brod 1941 says: "General and Indian Ethnology for the layman". 
The situation in India changed at the outbreak of World War II September 1939. Austrian passports were considered "German" from March 1938. The war meant that antifascist refugee Umar Rolf Ehrenfels was now an "enemy alien". Also treason played its part. Ehrenfels was deprived of his liberty until 1946 in two British India internment camps most of the time at Yercaud, a hill station. He managed to do some anthropological fieldwork - under police escort. He learnt languages and created art as he was a gifted painter, having his first exhibitions in Prague and Vienna. A great amount is in the Lichtenau archive. His art contributed to his living in the hard times after release. His anthropological eye was trained. A camera supported his memory.
Respected in India .. and East Africa.
In 1949 Ehrenfels lectured before the Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru (1889–1964) and got an honorary Indian citizenship. He was awarded the Sarat Chandra Roy Golden Medal for original contributions to Anthropology by the Royal Asiatic Society of Bengal. Ehrenfels had suffered hardships as a British Empire political prisoner like other freedom fighters. A forced exile had brought him back as the Nizam's guest but he became an active builder of the new republic. He used anthropology with a historical and interdisciplinary outlook to strengthen the self-esteem of Indians particularly women. He wrote many anthropological articles and gave radio talks. He took part in social work. Always infused with his passion for women's rights, not only in theory but in implementation in real life. 
In 1949–1961 Ehrenfels was head and professor of the Department of Anthropology, founded in 1945, at Madras University. He held several grants from the Viking Fund, New York and did field work reinforcing the theories he had presentad in his dissertation 1937. In 1957–58 he held a Swedish grant to make his longed for field work in East Africa, described in the bok "The Light Continent" (1960), translated into German and Telugu: "Kaanti Seema".
Back in Europe.
From Madras Ehrenfels and his newly wed wife Mireielle Ehrenfels moved to Heidelberg in 1961. Together they went to do a last fieldwork in India in the mid 60s. Apart from a book in 1969 there is a great amount of unpublished material in the Lichtenau archive. After her husband's death Mireille Ehrenfels made Lichtenau her home. She made great efforts in restoring the Lichtenau and Rastbach castles after the damages during the war as well as organising the Ehrenfels Archive.
Appreciation and rediscovery in later years: dress codes.
As we in the 2010s can see French documentaries on TV about dress codes around the world it is amazing that the clothing theme was a red thread through Rolf Ehrenfels' writings from 1923 on. Ehrenfels' lifelong number one special research theme was women's rights. One of the signs of decay, as he saw it, was the need for women to adjust to an anomalous dress code: being heavy veiled, wearing the burqa, living secluded. Men were sweating in dark, woollen suits to fit in. 
Ehrenfels insisted that both men and women should stick to the pre- colonial traditions of the tropics which was to leave the upper part of the body uncovered. Ehrenfels lived as he taught and adjusted his dress to the climate but he could only do so in private. In British India there was legislation punishing non- indigenous men for "disgracing European dignity" by wearing e.g. the dhoti.
In 1973 the International Anthropological and Ethnological Congress IUAES was held in Chicago presided by Professor Sol Tax (1907–1995). Sol Tax Dr. Ehrenfels' paper Clothing and Power Abuse was printed in two of the congress volumes. 1975 in War: its causes and correlates . Part 2: Psychological and psychiatric considerations of the etiology of war p. 157-61. 1979 in The Fabrics of Culture: The Anthropology of Clothing and Adornment p. 399-404. Professor Sol Tax presented the 1973 congress in Chicago as the first of the decolonization era and demanded peace research to be a worldwide commitment ever after. The next IUAES congress in 1978 was for the first time held in the third world, in New Delhi, India, presided by Lalita Prasad Vidyarthi (1931–1985) L. P. Vidyarthi
Texts available in context thanks to digitisation.
The Internet and digitisation revolution of this century has had positive effects on the knowledge and appreciation of the lifetime achievements of Umar Rolf Ehrenfels. He appears both in the aspect as a Muslim and Islamologist and as a Vienna University trained professional social scientist working at Madras University (1949–61) and Heidelberg University (1961 – c. 1975) doing scientific, published fieldwork in South Asia 1932–1964. The World Catalog http://worldcat.org database, although only primary, leads to several titles.
Most of Ehrenfels' articles written for the Moslemische Revue in Berlin can now be read http://berlin.ahmadiyya.org/m-rev/index.htm This is the only genuine journal published in by the Berlin Mosque. The name was taken by others later.
Umar Rolf Ehrenfels is included in the book Islam Our Choice first edition May 1961 is online. http://aaiil.org/text/books/kk/islamourchoicemuslimconvertstories/islamourchoicemuslimconvertstories.pdf Dr. Ehrenfels expressed his Muslim faith as it had crystallized over the years in the article The How and Why of Conversion to Islam published in June, 1961 in the Islamic Review, Woking. http://www.wokingmuslim.org/work/islamic_review/index.htm A fact box contains his life story. In 1967 the article was translated into German published in the Al Muslim, Frankfurt/M. 
By that time Dr. Ehrenfels' work at the Heidelberg University South Asia Institute as a guest professor employed as a Senior Research Fellow Ehrenfels had made him move even further. From his conversion on he saw Islam as a world encompassing unifying link of mankind. Over the years he deepened his understanding and experiencing other religious forms into sharing the mystical oneness. 
A quiet revolution is The Million Book Project or the Universal Library Million Book Project. It is a book digitization project, led by Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. Working with government and research partners in India (Digital Library of India) and China, the project is scanning books in many languages, using OCR to enable full text searching, and providing free-to-read access to the books on the web. In 2007 they had completed the scanning of 1 million books and have made the entire database accessible. 
After his escape from the Nazi terror in Austria after March 1938 Dr. Ehrenfels was received as the Guest of the Nizam's Government thanks to Sir Akbar Haydari. In 1939 Ehrenfels wrote "Indian and general anthropology for the layman", a two volume textbook for the students of anthropology he was planned to have at the Osmania University in Hyderabad. It was translated into Urdu, the educational language of the university, as Ilmul Aqvam 280 + 197 printed pages. It was published in Delhi by a'njuman e taraq y e a'rdv dhly in December 1941. Digitisation was made October 22, 2010. The Urdu translator's name say ad 'a'bid h'usain was by mistake given as the author's name.
The Hyderabad textbook " Ilmul Aqvam " written by Dr. Ehrenfels can now be read online by Urdu readers all over the world. For some reason the University of Wisconsin Library at Madison has a copy of " Ilmul Aqvam ". The author's name is there given as Daktar Bairan Umar Ralf Ehranfels and the translator as Daktar Sayyid Husain Sahib. The unusual spelling may explain why the copy has been hard to find. See links below.
Recent evaluation of world views on Islam including Umar Rolf Ehrenfels.
The possibilities given by modern technology combined with new ways of thinking have resulted in a rediscovery of Umar Rolf Ehrenfels as a pioneering promoter of tolerant, peaceful Islam as a unifying and liberating force, also for women. 
The greatest contributions in the field of rediscovery are being made by the Austrian socio- political scientist Professor Dr. Arno Tausch (born 1951) http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arno_Tausch http://iprd.org.uk/?page_id=30. He is one of the founders of quantitative world system and development research in Europe. 
Umar Rolf Ehrenfels from the age of 26 expressed his joy in belonging to Islam, a "world encompassing community" naturally including women as equals. Dr. Tausch and his colleagues have developed a method to study Islam as a "world system". The immanent principle is "Asabiyya", the idea of a coherent society based on common values first coded by the political philosopher Ibn Chaldoun (born 1332 in Tunis, dead 1406 in Cairo. 
The most important book by Dr. Tausch so far is What 1.3 billion Muslims really think: an answer to a recent Gallup study, based on the World Values Survey published in 2009 in New York by Nova Science Publishers. It was preceded in 2008 by Dr. Tausch's book Muslim values, global values. Empirical data from "World Values Survey" 666 pages available online at http://www.social-sciences-and-humanities.com/PDF/tausch_muslim_values.pdf Dr. Tausch openly declares himself as a Catholic active for Liberation theology and interfaith understanding. The motto of the books is a declaration by Pope Paul VI (1897–1978) from October 28, 1965 starting: "The Church regards with esteem also the Moslems." 
The books contain a 50-page-long bibliography of relevant books and articles. Two names may be mentioned: Almas Heshmati (born 1954) Almas Heshmati http://www.iza.org/en/webcontent/personnel/vitae/heshmati_cv.pdf and Bassam Tibi (born 1944) Bassam Tibi
It is obvious how scientific work processes have been renewed. Researchers expand beyond the narrow frames of traditional university departments. Interdisciplinary outlooks give panoramic views of political science, economics and world history. 
Dr. Tausch's research program is focused on the world systems theory World-systems theory extending from Immanuel Wallerstein Immanuel Wallerstein (born 1930) (ref) and the French historical Annales school with Fernand Braudel Fernand Braude (1902–1985) as forerunner. A study center at Binghamton University New York State works in this spirit.
An important meeting ground for the world system scientists working with Dr. Tausch is IZA, Institute for the study of labour http://www.iza.org in Bonn, Germany started in 1998. It is an international network of 1200 economists and researchers in 45 countries. Their goal is making academic sciences improve political practice.
In the introductory part of the books on global Muslim values Dr. Tausch writes about Umar Rolf Ehrenfels: "Only now, the importance of his theories becomes fully appreciated." He quotes Ehrenfels' 1961 Islamic Review article on The Why and How of Conversion to Islam.
It is not by coincidence that Dr. Tausch grounds his research in holistic perspectives. At the bottom of the world systems theory that Dr. Tausch applies there is a unifying school of thinking. Dr. Tausch demonstrates what a useful tool for the social sciences Rolf's father Christian Ehrenfels (1859–1932), professor of philosophy at the University of [until 1919 Austrian Prague, worked out when he developed the theory of Gestalt from 1890 on. Professor Barry Smith (b. June 4, 1952) Barry Smith (ontologist) edited a collection of essays with a commented bibliography of 250 pages, which clarify the multiple ways of the theory. The title is Foundations of Gestalt theory published in 1988 in Wien, Muenchen by Philosophia Verlag. Umar Rolf Ehrenfels applied his father's basic view on Gestalt as Ganzheiten (holistic units) regarding socio-cultural anthropology. Thus Umar Rolf Ehrenfels could see other patterns within the study fields that occupied him all his life: Islam and global human rights. 
Thanks to global co-operation and strong computers the holistic theory could be expanded to become one of world systems examining an intricate web of indicators presented in the writings by Arno Tausch and his colleagues. The long- wave history perspectives open as the South Asia Institute of Heidelberg University celebrates its 50 years. http://www.sai.uni-heidelberg.de/en/50years

</doc>
<doc id="5857491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857491" title="Robert Symonds">
Robert Symonds

Robert Symonds (December 1, 1926 – August 23, 2007) was an American actor. He was the associate director of the Repertory Theater of Lincoln Center from 1965 through 1972.
Career.
His stage credits with the Lincoln Center include productions of "The Caucasian Chalk Circle", "Cyrano de Bergerac", "The Miser", "Twelfth Night", and "A Streetcar Named Desire". His motion picture credits include "The Exorcist" (as Dr. Taney), "Gray Lady Down, "The Ice Pirates", "Crimewave", "Still Frame", "Rumpelstiltskin", "Mandroid", "Primary Colors" and "Catch Me If You Can".
On television, he had a recurring role on "Dynasty" and guest-starred on many series, including "The Rockford Files", "M*A*S*H", "Benson", "Cheers", "" (as a Bajoran in the episode "Accession"), "ER", "Alias", and "Cold Case" (his last role in the episode "Static"). In the early 1970s Robert created the role of psycho stalker Will Watts on the CBS soap opera, "Where the Heart Is."
Personal life.
Symonds was born in Bristow, Oklahoma, the son of Nellie (née Barry) and Walter Stout Symonds. He was married to actress Priscilla Pointer from 1980 until his death and was the step-father of actress Amy Irving and her siblings, David and Katie. He was the father of Vicki Morrison, Barry Symonds, and Becca Wooldridge.
He died on the morning of August 23, 2007, aged 80, from complications of prostate cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5857493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857493" title="Insch War Memorial Hospital">
Insch War Memorial Hospital

Insch War Memorial Hospital is a small community hospital with 13 medical and 2 obstetric beds, serving Insch, Aberdeenshire, Scotland and the surrounding area. It has a 24 hour minor injuries unit and a hospital day-care service 4 days every week.
The hospital was built in 1922 from public subscription to create a memorial for those who gave their lives in World War I. 

</doc>
<doc id="5857497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857497" title="Prognathodon">
Prognathodon

Prognathodon ('forejaw tooth') is an extinct genus of marine reptile belonging to the mosasaur family.
Description.
It had protective bony rings surrounding its eye sockets, indicating it lived in deep water. Its teeth are similar to those of some Triassic placodonts, so it may have lived a similar lifestyle, feeding on shellfish, large fish, and sea turtles.
Discovery.
Its fossil remains have been found in the U.S.A (South Dakota and Colorado), Canada (Alberta), Belgium, New Zealand, Morocco, and The Netherlands. In 1998, an intact fossil skull was found in the Maastricht limestone quarries. Shortly after, it was nicknamed "Bèr", and put on display in the Maastricht Natural History Museum. This specimen was then identified as a "Prognathodon", and received the species name "Prognathodon saturator".
A very large specimen found in Israel was for some time referred to as "Oronosaurus", but is now regarded as a species of "Prognathodon", "P. currii". The recent discovery of 2 nearly complete fossils (one which included flippers) in Alberta, Canada have given scientists new data as previous fossils only contained the remains of the skull. One fossil included stomach contents, consisting of elements pertaining to a sea turtle, tarpon-size and trout-size fishes, and a possible cephalopod.
A new fossil found in 2008 and described in 2013 belonging to a 6-ft juvenile "Prognathodon" was found in Jordan's Harrana Site. The fossil was remarkable in that it preserved the outline of the mosasaur's tail fins, revealing that "Prognathodon", like "Platecarpus" and later mosasaurs also had a bilobed tail fluke resembling a downturned shark's tail, the shape of which may have aided the creature in surfacing, as well as attacking prey. The discovery also lends evidence to the theory that later mosasaurs were even more well-adapted to the lifestyle first occupied by the ichthyosaurs.
Classification.
Cladogram of mosasaurs and related taxa modified from Aaron R. H. Leblanc, Michael W. Caldwell and Nathalie Bardet, 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="5857504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857504" title="Greensburg Billikins">
Greensburg Billikins

Greensburg (also known as the "Billikins") were an American basketball team based in Greensburg, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857516" title="Backtrack">
Backtrack

Backtrack may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857522" title="Frankstown Branch Juniata River">
Frankstown Branch Juniata River

The Frankstown Branch Juniata River is a tributary of the Little Juniata River in Blair and Huntingdon Counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The headwater tributaries of the Frankstown Branch rise on the slopes of the Allegheny Front south of Altoona. The Frankstown Branch forms at the village of Claysburg by the confluence of Beaverdam Creek and South Poplar Run, then flows north along the western base of Dunning Mountain. Passing just east of Hollidaysburg, the river turns east briefly before heading northeast along the western base of Lock Mountain. Turning southeast, the river breaks through the mountain in a water gap and passes Williamsburg, then turns north again, now against the western base of Tussey Mountain. Again the river turns east to break through a water gap, then passes the borough of Alexandria before joining the Little Juniata River to form the main stem of the Juniata River.
The Warrior Ridge Dam and Hydroelectric Plant is located on the Frankstown Branch Juniata River in Logan Township and Porter Township in Huntingdon County.

</doc>
<doc id="5857525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857525" title="Elidhu">
Elidhu

The Elidhu are a fictional race of beings which exist in the world of Pellinor created by Alison Croggon.
They are an impossibly old race of immortal, invincible, elemental beings, created when the Sky shed a tear onto the Earth. The Elidhu have enormous power and can breed with mortals if they so choose. Known Elidhu/Bard hybrids are Maerad and Hem. The power of the hybrids is higher than the average of the two components: Maerad is stronger than the midpoint of the average Bard and the average Elidhu.
Varieties.
The Elidhu come in two varieties:
Good or evil.
The Elidhu generally have little interest in the goings on of the mortal world and are seen as neither good nor evil, with two notable exceptions. These are Arkan, the personnification of ice, who is often seen as evil (although Maerad is given reason to think otherwise in "The Riddle"); and Ardina, Maerad's ancestor, who is seen as good.
Ardina, and possibly others, live according to multiple, often contradictory personalities. Whereas when first appearing in "The Gift", Ardina is a playful, mischievous, dryad-like sprite who lives without attachment and lightheartedly scorns attachment as a transient thing, she later appears (in the same book) as a solemn, wise, perceptive queen who seeks to always serve the welfare of her people. She also appears in "The Riddle" as a lunar faerie or demigoddess, called the Moonchild, in which form she is said to be the daughter of the moon. It is presumable that she lives according to other personalities as well, changing them without hesitation as she pleases; she seldom reveals this information to humans, on the grounds that they would not accept it.
Powers and abilities.
Elidhu have a variety of abilities uncommon to humans, though these, in turn, seem to vary among individual Elidhu. Ardina is shown having taken the form of a wolf (an ability inherited by Maerad), and sometimes appears as a "moonchild"; a celestial fairy able to hover upon the air, travel great distances within minutes, and heal wounds with a touch. Arkan is shown creating deceptive illusions, producing light from no apparent source, and commanding the weather. Landrost, spirit of the mountain, summons strange demonic life-forms called "wers" to his aid and can direct them by his will. Nyanar, a forest Elidhu appearing in The Crow, is able to change shape with ease and identifies himself with and as his environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5857526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857526" title="Dap Prampi Mesa Chokchey">
Dap Prampi Mesa Chokchey

Dahp Prampi Mesa Moha Chokchey () was the national anthem of Democratic Kampuchea from at least January 1976. Although the anthem may have been in use in the 'liberated zone' much earlier, it was proclaimed the national anthem in article 18 of the Constitution of Kampuchea which was promulgated on 5 January 1976. Supposedly, the Khmer Rouge and/or Pol Pot himself wrote the piece, but its status remains unknown.
Translation into English.
The bright scarlet blood 

</doc>
<doc id="5857531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857531" title="Peter Barlow (Coronation Street)">
Peter Barlow (Coronation Street)

Peter Francis Barlow is a fictional character from the ITV television soap opera "Coronation Street". The character first appeared onscreen when he was born during the episode aired on 5 April 1965. Currently portrayed by Chris Gascoyne, who has portrayed the character in episodes since the live 40th anniversary show in December 2000, the character has been previously portrayed by five different actors.
Raised with his twin sister Susan, by his grandparents from the age of five after the death of his mother Valerie Barlow (Anne Reid), Peter grew up apart from his father Ken (William Roache). He joined the Royal Navy in 1980 and married Jessica Midgeley 10 years later. The marriage lasted 10 years, after which Peter returned to Weatherfield. Having bought the Bookies, Peter married both Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay) and florist Lucy Richards (Katy Carmichael) in a high profile bigamous storyline. Having been discovered, Peter was left alone and fled Weatherfield. He returned in 2008 with a son Simon (Alex Bain) whom he had by Lucy who had died from cancer. Struggling to cope with fatherhood, Peter took to drinking and after numerous relationships, got engaged and married Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) in the 50th anniversary episode; however, they separated in February 2012 after his affair with Carla Connor (Alison King) was exposed. He later married Carla and then had an affair with Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan). It has been confirmed that Gascoyne will be leaving the show in late 2014, along side Marc Baylis who plays Rob Donovan. 
Storylines.
1965–2007.
Peter and his twin sister Susan are born on 5 April 1965. Their names are decided the next day and they come home on 26 April 1965.
In January 1971, Ken and Valerie plan to emigrate to Jamaica as Ken has been offered a teaching post there. On 27 January, the residents of Coronation Street organise a going-away party in The Rovers Return Inn. While Valerie is getting ready, she is electrocuted and killed by a faulty hairdryer. Wanting the best for the twins, their father sends them to Glasgow to live with Valerie's parents.
Peter doesn't make it to Ken's wedding to Deirdre Langton (Anne Kirkbride) in 1981 as he has joined the navy and is away at sea. In 1986, he visits when Susan marries Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs). As Ken refuses to go to the wedding, Peter makes an emotional appeal, saying that he and Susan had barely seen their father in the last 15 years and that he always assumed, given half a chance, Ken would step up if his children needed him and he was able to help. Ken reconsiders and attends the wedding.
Peter returns in December 2000. In early 2001, he accidentally lets slip that Susan has a teenage son, Adam Barlow, fathered by Mike Baldwin. Deirdre tells Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin), who tells Mike. Susan (Joanna Foster), who has been visiting at the time, tries to flee when Mike threatens legal action and she is killed in a car accident. Peter is devastated, blaming himself and Deirdre for Susan's death. Peter gets a job at the local bookies, stealing money from the dodgy owner and making it look like a break-in. He begins dating barmaid, Shelley Unwin, but when Peter's old Navy friend, Ciaran McCarthy (Keith Duffy), visits, he makes a pass at Shelley. Peter believes Ciaran's side of the story and Shelley moves out, though the couple later reconcile. Peter later meets florist, Lucy Richards, when buying flowers for Shelley. He is attracted to her and a brief affair begins but doesn't last. 
Lucy, unknown to Peter, hires his sister, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), to cover her maternity leave. Tracy tells Peter that her employer is pregnant and Peter realises that he is the child's father. Peter marries Lucy while engaged to Shelley, promising Lucy it is over with the Rovers' landlady. Lucy gives birth to their son, Simon, in early July 2003 but isn't sure if she wants Peter involved. He is torn between his son and Shelley but marries her in a big church wedding. However, each woman realizes what Peter has done when Lucy sees Shelley sticking her wedding photos into an album and recognizes the groom and the bridesmaid. Lucy returns the same day and shows Shelley her wedding photos. Horrified, Shelley throws Peter out and he leaves briefly, so Shelley and Lucy take control of the bookies and investigate pressing charges for bigamy. When he returns, he reclaims the bookies and when Lucy sees that Shelley and Peter could reconcile, Lucy tricks him into thinking they have a future together. After he has told Shelley in front of a packed pub that he is leaving her for Lucy, Shelley punches him and Lucy announces that she and Simon are emigrating to Australia alone. Peter resigns himself to never knowing his son and leaves the Street soon after.
On 8 January 2007, Peter returns after Ken has contacted him regarding Tracy's stormy relationship with boyfriend, Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). Only hours later, he is viciously attacked by Stubbs who thinks that Peter and Tracy have slept together. Tracy later kills Charlie, supposedly in self-defence, and he decides to stay when she is charged with murder. He has a brief dalliance with Maria Sutherland (Samia Smith), who was also involved with Charlie. However, once Tracy is convicted and sentenced to fifteen years in prison, Peter returns to Portsmouth, taking Adam (Sam Robertson), with him.
2008—.
In 2008, Lucy dies from ovarian cancer and Peter gets custody of their son, Simon (Alexander Bain). Peter brings him to Weatherfield, seeking Ken and Deirdre's help but Ken suspects that Peter plans to leave Simon with him. This was his plan but Peter changes his mind when he learns that Lucy has left her estate to him, providing that he uses it for Simon's benefit. He buys the local bookmakers and renames it Barlow Bookies. 
Peter becomes attracted to Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) but she is initially non-committal, suspecting that he has a drink problem. Eventually, Leanne agrees to go out with him but they only date a few times before Peter has to return to Portsmouth briefly. While he is away, his drink problems come to a head and he ends up in rehab. When he returns, Peter admits that he had a fling with another woman so she dumps him and leaves Weatherfield. However, Peter's drink problem is far from under control, coming to a head again when he passes out and accidentally sets fire to the flat, almost killing himself and Simon. Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) and Luke Strong (Craig Kelly) rescue them and Peter finally admits that he is an alcoholic, giving up booze and attending a support group. He dates Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh) briefly but they decide it will not work. Leanne returns and she and Peter reconcile. 
They decide to open a bar but Ken is hesitant because of Peter's alcoholism but Lucy's father, George (Anthony Valentine) offers to fund the project. The bar never opens because Peter falls off the wagon and returns to rehab. While he is away, George (having been granted temporary custody of Simon) applies for full custody. He and his wife, Eve, take Simon to Blackpool but he runs away. Peter frantically searches for him but Simon comes home alone and unharmed and George renounces his custody case. Peter and Leanne get engaged, but Peter feels threatened by the return of Leanne's ex-husband, Nick Tilsley (Ben Price), until Leanne convinces him that Nick is just a friend. Nick decides to open the bar and offers Leanne a job, believing that it will make Leanne happy, Peter persuades her to take the job and starts mentoring Leanne's friend, Carla Connor (Alison King), when he realises she has a drink problem but is annoyed by her attempts to seduce him. 
Peter has his stag party in his former bar, The Joinery, on 6 December 2010, but there is an explosion due to a problem with the gas and a tram is derailed. The bar is destroyed and Peter is trapped with Ashley Peacock (Steven Arnold) and Nick. Peter is crushed and Nick and Ashley help him out. Peter is rushed to hospital with crush injuries to the legs and trauma to the lower back and chest, and suffers a cardiac tamponade. Aware that he is unlikely to survive, he marries Leanne immediately but goes into cardiac arrest moments after the ceremony concludes. He survives and leaves hospital in a wheelchair, moving in with Ken briefly until he can manage stairs again. In late December 2010, he and Leanne go on their honeymoon but when they return, Nick gets Peter to fall off the wagon again but he stops for Simon's sake. Leanne and Peter decide to renew their vows but Peter is devastated to learn that Leanne had an affair with Nick. Peter uses the blessing to announce the affair to the congregation, telling Leanne that he wants a divorce. Peter gets revenge on Nick by scaring him in the ruins of the Joinery before reconciling with Leanne. Peter, Leanne and Simon go on holiday to celebrate their reunion. On their return, Peter returns to work, despite walking with a crutch. 
In June 2011, Peter becomes friendly with Carla again, making Leanne extremely insecure and causing several arguments. The new manageress at the Rovers, Stella Price (Michelle Collins), saves Leanne from an armed robber when Peter collects Simon from school. In gratitude, Peter and Leanne invite Stella to dinner and Stella takes a picture of Leanne from the flat. Peter finds it in Stella's purse and confronts her - where she admits that she is Leanne's mother. During Leanne's 30th birthday party at The Rovers, Stella tells Leanne, who is furious that Stella abandoned her as a baby and also blames Peter for not telling her when he found out. In July, Leanne discovers that she is pregnant and is overjoyed, but Peter has doubts, admitting to Ken that he isn't sure they are ready. Carla overhears Ken and Deirdre congratulating them in the Rovers and pushes Peter into confirming that Leanne is pregnant. Leanne is furious when she realises Carla knows and drops hints to Simon about it. She confronts Peter and they argue again. After Leanne insults Peter about his alcoholism and he storms out. Feeling guilty, Leanne goes after him but falls down the stairs, where Stella finds her and raises the alarm. At the hospital, a doctor confirms that Leanne has miscarried. Peter feels guilty about the stress Leanne was under, thinking that he jinxed the pregnancy with his reservations. When Leanne realises that Peter had doubts, she assumes it means that he hasn't fully forgiven her for the affair with Nick and orders him to leave. Carla finds Peter in a highly agitated state and takes advantage of his vulnerability to try to seduce him again - he almost succumbs, but at the last minute pushes her away. After discussing the situation with Ken, Peter returns to the hospital and tells Leanne that he wants them to try again when she has recovered.
In December 2011, Peter starts drinking again and has an affair with Carla, telling her that she's the woman he loves and that he'll leave Leanne. Leanne learns about this when Frank Foster's mother gives her photos of Peter and Carla kissing while Peter is giving his testimony at Frank's rape trial. She offers to forgive him and try to work it through but Peter tells her he loves Carla. Leanne leaves in a taxi with a tearful Simon running after the car, begging her to stay. Simon then starts misbehaving with Peter as he blames him and Carla for Leanne's departure. Ken offers Peter his support when he sees that his son truly loves Carla but Deirdre makes her disapproval clear and Stella bars them from the Rovers. Everyone gradually accepts the relationship, including Leanne, and Stella allows them back into the Rovers. 
In March 2012, Carla's ex-partner Frank Foster (Andrew Lancel) buys Carla out of the factory and cons her out of a deal they made. Peter attempts to attack Frank but Carla and Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor) stop him. When Frank is later found dead in the factory with major head injuries, many residents are suspected of the killing, including Michelle Connor, Sally Webster, Kevin Webster, and Carla. Carla initially suspects Peter of killing Frank, especially when he does not come home and when he does he has blood stains on his shirt. Realizing that Carla is likely to go down for Frank's killing as she was the last known person to see him alive, Peter confesses to Frank's murder but is released when a friend from his support group provides him with an alibi.
It is later revealed that Frank's mother Anne was the culprit and Peter begins a custody battle with Leanne over Simon. Leanne eventually wins a residency order and after she begins a relationship with ex-husband Nick Tilsley, Peter begins drinking again and ends his relationship with Carla in a drunken row. He later abducts Simon from school and plans to run away to Lanzarote on a boat with him and Carla.However, Carla's sister-in-law Michelle thwarts their plan and tells Leanne, who follows them to the railway station where Simon chooses to stay in Weatherfield with her. Peter says an emotional goodbye before he and Carla decide to go anyway, saying the break is what they need to sort themselves out. They return about a month later. In July 2013, Peter gets engaged to Carla and she signs 49% of her clothing factory Underworld over to him when he loses possession of the bookies.
When Leanne's husband Nick is involved in a car accident, he ends up with brain damage and Simon moves temporarily in with him and Carla. They employ Tina McIntyre as their nanny and Peter develops romantic feelings for her. They nearly kiss in The Rovers toilets but are caught by landlady Liz McDonald. The next day, Peter still goes on to marry Carla but while she is asleep in the hotel, him and Tina share a passionate kiss. The next day, Peter insists to Tina that it was a one off and he goes on his honeymoon with Carla. When he returns, he learns that Tina kissed Carla's brother Rob, who is dating his sister Tracy. He confronts Rob and warns him not to hurt Tracy, but he is actually jealous and can't bare to see Tina with another man. When Peter and Tina are alone in the flat, while Carla is visiting Hayley, they have sex in Carla and Peter's bedroom. For Christmas, Carla gives Peter a further 1% of the factory, making them equal partners.
Carla finds out that she is pregnant and confides in Michelle. Carla almost has a termination but cannot go through with it. Carla tells Peter that she is pregnant. Tina tells Peter that she might be pregnant. Peter gets drunk and tells Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) about his affair with Tina.
Creation.
Casting.
Robert Heanue was the first actor to portray the character from 1965 to 1970. Chris Dormer played the role from 1970 to 1972 when the 7-year-old actor was written out of the soap due to his parents' emigration to Canada. He did not continue to act and reflected on his time as the young Peter in 2001, "I really enjoyed the Street. I remember Pat Phoenix and Julie Goodyear kissing and tickling me because they thought I was cute. Most of the actors were nice, but some weren't. Violet Carson, who played Ena Sharples, was very grumpy. She didn't like children and really scared me." On-screen Peter and his sister Susan were written out of the soap to live with their grandparents when their mother Valerie Barlow was killed off.
One of the six actors who has portrayed the character is Linus Roache, the real-life son of William Roache who portrays Peter's father, Ken Barlow in the programme. Linus returned to the show in 2010, playing Lawrence Cunningham, another son of Ken Barlow.
Personality and characterisation.
Upon the character's return to the show in October 2008, Chris Gascoyne spoke of his character's destructive personality in an interview with "Digital Spy", he stated, "He's been trying against the odds to sort his life out, but he can't. And when it doesn't work and it all goes wrong for him, he has a drink. There are hurdles in his way all the time. He's stubborn and resents people telling him what to do. He'll listen to advice, but he won't take any notice if he thinks the person giving it isn't in a place to do so. That happens a lot with Ken."
In an interview with "ITV" Chris Gascoyne said, "Drink is becoming an issue and his self-esteem is low. He can’t see a way out and he can’t imagine doing this for the rest of his life (fatherhood)." During the storyline he described his character as being seen as a coward, adding, "He has the potential to be a very good dad but at the minute he feels like everything is conspiring against him and he hasn’t got the confidence or the self-esteem to cope."
It was announced in September 2013 that Peter would begin an affair with Tina, and will go on until her exit in the summer of 2014.
Reception.
Ahead of the fire storyline in March 2009, the fire minister Sadiq Khan said: "I would like to thank "Coronation Street" for highlighting this very important issue. Peter Barlow's actions show how dangerous it is to go to sleep while smoking, putting not only his but son Simon's life at risk too". The episode in which the fire was screened drew in 10.3 million viewers (42.6% audience share) in March 2009.
In February 2011, Gascoyne was nominated for Best Actor at the 2011 All About Soap Bubbles Awards for his portrayal of Peter. He was nominated in the category of "Best Actor" at the 2011 British Soap Awards. In 2014, Gascoyne has been nominated for "Sexiest Male", "Villain of the Year" and "Best Actor" at The British Soap Awards
Sarah Ellis of "Inside Soap" said that Peter was great to watch when he is with Carla. She also opined that the pair are "like a car crash waiting to happen".

</doc>
<doc id="5857532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857532" title="Heartbreaker (Dionne Warwick song)">
Heartbreaker (Dionne Warwick song)

"Heartbreaker" is a 1982 single released by American pop and soul singer Dionne Warwick. The song was written by Bee Gees' Barry, Maurice and Robin Gibb, with Barry Gibb's backing vocal being heard on the chorus.
The song reached the top of charts around the world and stands as one of Warwick's biggest career hits. It made the Top 10 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in January 1983, and was also a #1 Adult Contemporary hit. In the UK Singles Chart, the track reached #2 for two weeks in November 1982.
Warwick admitted in "The Billboard Book of Number One Adult Contemporary Hits" by Wesley Hyatt that she was not fond of "Heartbreaker" (regarding the song's international popularity, she quipped, "I cried all the way to the bank"), but recorded it because she trusted the Bee Gees' judgment that it would be a hit. It turned out to be Dionne's most successful solo hit of the 1980s. The Bee Gees recorded a version, with Barry Gibb on lead vocals, which was featured on the album "", as well as their "Love Songs" album.
In 2004, J-pop singer Junichi Inagaki released a Japanese-language cover version of "Heartbreaker" on his album "Revival II". In 2005, the German reggae-pop band Blue Lagoon included a cover version of "Heartbreaker" on their album "Clublagoon".
Bee Gees' version.
The Bee Gees version was recorded during the sessions for "Still Waters" in 1994. It was originally planned for an album called "Love Songs" to be released in 1995. It was eventually released in 2001 on "".
Barry Gibb's version.
"Heartbreaker" was originally recorded by Barry Gibb for Dionne Warwick, for her album "Heartbreaker" released in 1982. This demo version was not released until 2006.
This song blended the two Gibb brothers schools of songwriting: it has the clear verse and chorus structure favored by Robin and Maurice, yet also has the longer spun-out verses Barry now preferred, both well balanced, so that it has instant appeal but takes repeated listenings to fully appreciate. The melody is reminiscent of "Living Eyes", but the song has a much stronger forward motion. Maurice said later that he wished they had saved it for themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="5857535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857535" title="Sammy Stewart">
Sammy Stewart

Samuel Lee "Sammy" Stewart (born October 28, 1954 in Asheville, North Carolina), is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1978 to 1987. He attended Owen High School in Swannanoa, NC and Montreat College, and signed his first pro contract with the Baltimore Orioles in 1975. He pitched in 359 major league games, finishing with a 59–48 record, 45 saves, and a 3.59 ERA.
Stewart established a new record for most consecutive strikeouts in a MLB debut with seven in the Orioles' 9–3 victory over the Chicago White Sox in the second game of a twi-night doubleheader at Memorial Stadium on September 1, 1978. His performance surpassed the previous milestone established by Karl Spooner in 1954. In 1981, Stewart led the American League in ERA. Stewart appeared in the 1979 World Series and 1983 World Series as a member of the Orioles.
Stewart was sentenced in October 2006 to 80 to 105 months in the Buncombe Correctional Center on drug possession charges after accepting a plea bargain as a habitual felon. He was released in January 2013. He has been charged 46 times with more than 60 offenses since 1988, and has spent 25 months in prison over six separate stints. He has admitted to being a "crack addict."
Stewart has three children, one of whom has cystic fibrosis. He also lost a son to cystic fibrosis in 1991. Stewart and his wife are currently separated.

</doc>
<doc id="5857538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857538" title="Dun (disambiguation)">
Dun (disambiguation)

A dun is a type of fort.
Dun may refer to:
Places
Rivers
People
DUN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857544" title="Carron Company">
Carron Company

The Carron Company was an ironworks established in 1759 on the banks of the River Carron near Falkirk, in Stirlingshire, Scotland. After initial problems, the company was at the forefront of the Industrial Revolution in the United Kingdom. The company prospered through its development and production of a new short-range and short-barrelled naval cannon, the carronade. The company was one of the largest iron works in Europe through the 19th century. After 223 years, the company became insolvent in 1982 and was later acquired by the Franke Corporation, being rebranded Carron Phoenix.
Early years.
The company was founded as a partnership by three men, two Englishmen, Dr John Roebuck, a chemist, Samuel Garbett, a merchant, and a wealthy Scottish shipowner, William Caddell. The factory of "Roebucks, Garbett and Cadells" was established on the north bank of Carron Water, two miles north of Falkirk. Taking iron ore from Bo'ness and water from the Carron, they decided to use the new method pioneered by Abraham Darby at Coalbrookdale, using coke from coal mines in the vicinity as fuel rather than the usual charcoal. The works helped to push other less technologically advanced ironworks, such as the Wealden iron industry based in the Weald, out of business.
Caddell's young son, also William, was appointed manager, and the company's financial position was precarious in its first few years. It took time and a considerable investment to create the necessary infrastructure and for the largely unskilled workforce to develop the techniques of iron working. The first blast furnace became operational on 26 December 1760, producing pig iron. However, when the factory started to produce cast iron goods, they were of a generally poor quality. Nevertheless, in 1764, the Board of Ordnance granted the company a lucrative contract to supply armaments to the British armed forces. The company also cast parts for James Watt's steam engine in 1765.
The company's fortunes had begun to improve as a result of Charles Gascoigne becoming a partner in 1765. Gascoigne was a grandson of Charles Elphinstone, 9th Lord Elphinstone and had married Samuel Garbett's daughter in 1759. Gascoigne introduced many improvements in the company's techniques of production, and devoted considerable effort to increasing the quality of its work, and he took over the management of the works from William Cadell, Jr, in 1769.
The company received a royal charter to incorporate as the Carron Company in 1773. However, despite Gascoigne's efforts, the quality of company's products had remained low, and the company's contracts to supply the Royal Navy were cancelled in 1773, with the company's cannon being removed from all naval vessels.
Carronades.
Undeterred, Gascoigne also pushed forward the development of a new type of cannon, originally known as the "Gasconades" but better known by its later name, the "Carronade". 
A carronade was shorter and therefore much lighter than a long gun of the same calibre, meaning that more could be carried, and it was also quicker to load and required a smaller crew. On the debit side, carronades had a short range.
Some warships - mainly small ones - were equipped with carronades as their main or only armament, but such vessels were vulnerable to opponents armed with long guns. The carronade's principal use was on the upper decks of warships, where batteries of carronades replaced smaller numbers of long guns. This greatly increased firepower at the close ranges at which contemporary naval battles were usually fought, without impairing stability or sailing qualities. 
The carronade was a considerable success, and remained in production from 1778 through to the 1850s. The company established such a reputation for quality that the Duke of Wellington remarked in a letter to Admiral Berkley in 1812 that he only wanted cannon manufactured by the Carron Company in his army. The company also made ammunition, including some invented by Henry Shrapnel.
The company also supplied armaments to governments outside the UK, including weapons supplied to the embryonic United States which were used against Britain in the War of 1812. The British government tried to prevent the company from supplying plans and equipment to the Russian Empire, intended to improve Catherine the Great's weapons foundry at Petrozavodsk; nonetheless, Gascoigne delivered the Russian's orders, and travelled to Russia in May 1786 to supervise the works. He remained in Russia for 20 years, dying in July 1806 in Kolpino near St. Petersburg as Actual State Councillor Karl Karlovich Gaskoin.
Prosperity and fall.
By 1814, the Carron Company was the largest iron works in Europe, employing over 2,000 workers, and it attracted many innovators. William Symington was an engineer for the Carron Company in the early 19th century, and the company made engines for his steamboats, the "Experiment" and the "Charlotte Dundas". John Smeaton was a consultant for the company. Henry Cort experimented on methods to produce malleable iron, anticipating the puddling process. Benjamin Franklin visited the factory, leaving works and is said to have left a design for a stove- 'Dr Franklin's stove or the Philadelphia stove'
The company continued to produce pig iron through the 19th century, together with cast-iron products such as balustrades, fire grates, and the Carron bathtub. It ran its own shipping line, and produced munitions in both World Wars. It later became one of several foundries producing pillar boxes and was one of five foundries casting Sir Giles Gilbert Scott's classic Red telephone boxes. In the 1960s, it produced cast-iron rings to line the Tyne Tunnel under the River Tyne from Jarrow to Howdon and the Clyde Tunnel under the River Clyde from Whiteinch to Govan near Glasgow.
The company diversified into plastics and stainless steel, but the works went into receivership in 1982.
Carron Phoenix.
The company was bought over and still operates today under the name of Carron Phoenix, part of the "Franke" corporation. Like its predecessor, The Carron Company, Carron Phoenix's headquarters are at the Carron Works in Falkirk.
Carron Phoenix produces stainless steel, ceramic and granite moulded sinks which are sold around the world, however some areas of production have been moved to China and Slovakia.
Further reading.
Campbell, R.H. "Carron Company" (1961) Oliver and Boyd
See also.
Abbotshaugh Community Woodland

</doc>
<doc id="5857546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857546" title="Boshan District">
Boshan District

Boshan District (博山区) is located in the middle of Shandong province in China.
Description.
BoShan is called a district in Zibo City, but actually BoShan is a small city on its own with a population of about 400,000 people. It is about 30 kilometers south from the urban center of Zibo City, Zhang Dian.
Downtown BoShan has a wide central avenue which is divided by a park-like river with walkways, stone bridges and gazebos. A modern expressway bypassed the downtown area, and that has attracted development to the outskirts of the city.
BoShan's major industries are ceramics, industrial pumps, vacuum pumps, chemicals and pharmaceuticals. They advertise themselves as being the Pump Capital of China.
History.
In the early 20th century, BoShan was the administrative capital of the area. But BoShan is in the mountains while Zhang Dian is in a flat valley. Zhang Dian is on a main rail corridor, while BoShan was just a spur. So Zhang Dian replaced BoShan as a commercial and administrative center.
ShanDong was a German protectorate in the early 20th Century, and in BoShan you can see traces of German influence. Some of the major non-Chinese companies in town are German. Siemens is one of the largest companies in town, but that German company sold their BoShan factory to an American company in 2005. The train station looks like a Bavarian building. And the town still has a few small restaurants who brew their own beer, German style.
Around the beginning of the 21st century, new tall buildings were erected and old-styled-one-story houses pulled down.
As the reform of economic system was enforced further in Boshan, many traditional factories which once benefited much from the national policies' protection shut down with lots of workers losing their jobs. Recently, Boshan's government has been trying to promote the local tourist industry.
Attractions.
Yuan Shan National Park is a mountain top park located in the center of BoShan.
The park features a reconstructed section of the Great Wall of Qi. Near the Great Wall is an ocean of stones, strangely shaped limestones which used to be part of the ocean floor. Because of these stones, Taoists put a temple on the mountain, and the park still has an old Taoist temple. Recently, a huge statue of Jiang Ziya (an important character in the legend stories of ancient China) has been erected at the North Gate of Yuan Shan National Park.
BoShan food is slightly different from other parts of China. BoShan people do not eat hot peppery food. They tend to prefer sour or salty dishes. Some of the local dishes do have a lot of white pepper, a Chinese version of black pepper. The most common kind of restaurants in BoShan are hot pot restaurants, a Chinese stew fondue. Also, there are many seafood restaurants, as well as restaurants which specialize in BoShan food.
One favorite local dish is Pickled Vegetable Fish Soup. It is a stew made from fish and pickled Chinese cabbage, with a variety of other vegetables thrown in.
BoShan is surrounded by mountains, and when the weather is warm, these mountains have many small outdoor restaurants located alongside mountain streams. Tourists hike the mountains and, as they follow the streams, they have a selection of these small restaurants. Dishes include range chickens (not commercially raised), fish, and sometimes locusts or scorpions from the forests. Meals are served on small stone tables located under gazebos alongside the stream.

</doc>
<doc id="5857550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857550" title="Emory Campbell">
Emory Campbell

Emory Campbell is a renowned community leader among the Gullah people, African Americans who live in the coastal low country region of South Carolina and Georgia. The Gullahs have preserved more of their African linguistic and cultural heritage than any other black community in the US. 
Campbell was born and raised on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina before that island — now an internationally famous resort area — was connected to the mainland by a bridge. When he went to high school on the mainland in the 1950s, he discovered that his Gullah language was so "deep" that even his African American teachers had trouble understanding him and the other children from the islands. Campbell would later earn a master's degree in environmental engineering from Tufts University in Boston. Throughout his adult life he has been a peacemaker within his community and a bridge-builder between the Gullahs and the outside world. 
Campbell began his career in the 1970s as a community development activist, working to implement public health measures in impoverished rural areas and to preserve traditional Gullah communities threatened by out-of-control resort development on the sea islands. Later, as the Executive Director of Penn Center, Inc. on St. Helena Island, South Carolina Campbell helped lead the movement to preserve Gullah culture and make Gullah people in the rural areas more aware of the importance of their uniquely rich African cultural heritage. Campbell was a member of the committee that translated the New Testament into the Gullah language.
Beginning in the 1980s, Campbell helped spearhead the efforts to reestablish the family connection between the Gullah people and the West African nation of Sierra Leone. Campbell hosted Sierra Leone's President Joseph Saidu Momoh for the "Gullah Reunion" at Penn Center in 1988, and led the historic "Gullah Homecoming" to Sierra Leone in 1989. The Sierra Leoneans made Campbell an honorary paramount chief with the royal title of Kpaa Kori I. These events are chronicled in the South Carolina Educational Television documentary video "Family Across the Sea" (1990). 
In 2005, Campbell received the Carter G. Woodson Memorial Award from the National Education Association for his lifelong work preserving Gullah heritage, the environment, and improving the Gullah community's living conditions.
In 2008 Mr. Campbell was elected Chairman of the Gullah-Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission, an organization empowered by the U.S. Congress to develop a program to commemorate Gullah culture in the low country region from Wilmington, North Carolina to Jacksonville, Florida.
Campbell is author of "Gullah Cultural Legacies" (2008), a synopsis of Gullah traditions, customary beliefs, art forms and speech. Campbell is the director of Gullah Heritage Consulting Services based on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, and he manages the Gullah Heritage Trail Tours on Hilton Head.

</doc>
<doc id="5857551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857551" title="Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks National Recreation Area">
Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks National Recreation Area

Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area (NRA) located within the Monongahela National Forest of eastern West Virginia, USA.
The National Recreation Area protects three prominent West Virginia landmarks:
Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks NRA was established by an act of the U.S. Congress on September 28, 1965 as the first National Recreation Area in a United States National Forest. It is therefore administered by the US Forest Service rather than the National Park Service, as most other National Recreation Areas are.

</doc>
<doc id="5857562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857562" title="Tomer Devorah">
Tomer Devorah

Tomer Devorah (Hebrew: תומר דבורה, English: The Palm Tree of Deborah) was written in Hebrew in the middle of the 16th century by Moses Cordovero, a Jewish kabbalist in Safed, Israel. This short text deals mostly with the "Imitation of God" through the acquisition of divine traits, especially those of the sephirot. The first edition was published in Venice in 1588. Although not widely read among Jews today, it is popular in the mussar tradition, which focuses on the individual cultivation of the middot, or qualities of God.
The title "Tomer Devorah" is borrowed from the original Hebrew in Book of Judges 4:5.

</doc>
<doc id="5857564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857564" title="Allopleuron">
Allopleuron

Allopleuron hofmanni was a giant primitive sea turtle, now extinct. It is a basal member of the superfamily Chelonioidea closely related to "Toxochelys".

</doc>
<doc id="5857565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857565" title="Konakovo">
Konakovo

Konakovo () is a town and the administrative center of Konakovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of Ivankovo Reservoir (Volga River). Population: 
It was founded in 1806 and was granted town status in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="5857574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857574" title="Homestead Young Americans">
Homestead Young Americans

The Homestead Young Americans were an American basketball team based in Homestead, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League.
The team was replaced by Canton during the 1906/07 Postseason Series, but returned to the league the following season. For their final season, the team was known as the Homestead Steeltowners. The team dropped out of the league that season and forfeited their final 10 games.

</doc>
<doc id="5857578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857578" title="Florida's 13th congressional district">
Florida's 13th congressional district

Florida's 13th congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S. Congress and was reassigned in 2012, effective January 2013, to Pinellas County. The 13th district includes an area from Dunedin to western and northern St. Petersburg. 
During 2003–2012, it encompassed all of Sarasota, DeSoto, and Hardee counties and most of Manatee County except for a small northern coastal portion that was then located in the neighboring 11th Congressional District. It also included a small section of Charlotte County. 
The district is currently represented by Republican David Jolly.
Election Results.
2006.
According to a statistical study published in 2008, the missing votes were caused by the ballot screen layout. The authors' best estimate on what the result would have been, had this problem not occurred, gave victory to Jennings at a 99.9% confidence level, and a mean margin of victory for her of 639 votes.
2014 (special).
The district's seat was vacated following the death of Republican Bill Young. A special election was held on March 11, 2014 to replace him. The election was won by Republican David Jolly with 48.52% of the vote over Democratic candidate Alex Sink's 46.64% and Libertarian candidate Lucas Overby's 4.84%.

</doc>
<doc id="5857581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857581" title="Clover Creek (Pennsylvania)">
Clover Creek (Pennsylvania)

Clover Creek is a tributary of the Frankstown Branch Juniata River in Bedford and Blair counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
It originates in Woodbury Township in Bedford County on Tussey Mountain, between Pulpit Hill and the north end of Warrior Ridge. It flows northward through Morrisons Cove along the west side of Tussey Mountain, passing through Henrietta, and receives Middle Run to the north of there. Pennsylvania Route 164 crosses it at the village of Clover Creek. The creek follows the mountain in curving slightly eastward as well as northward, and passes through Beavertown and Shellytown. Around Larke, the valley begins to deepen, and just after meeting Snare Run, the creek joins the Frankstown Branch Juniata River at Cove Forge.
Although the stream is small, it is well known for its trout fishing, and is fished heavily during open seasons. Clover Creek also serves as a valuable irrigation source for nearby farmers. The stream averages in width about , although its width varies from to over .

</doc>
<doc id="5857582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857582" title="Midway Studios – Newcastle">
Midway Studios – Newcastle

History.
Pitbull Syndicate was formed in December 1996 by an ensemble of programmers and artists with extensive experience in the video games industry. The company started with a small office in Sunderland, England, and initially employed only 8 people, working on PC and PlayStation games. Slowly expanding, the company moved to larger offices in Chester-Le-Street and later to even larger offices in Gateshead. By 2005, its staff had swelled to over 60 people working on PC, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. In October 2005, the company sold to Midway Games and were renamed Midway Studios – Newcastle. Immediately prior to that, Pitbull had created the titles "L.A. Rush" and "Rush" for Midway. It was Midway's only studio located outside the U.S. and was closed in July 2009 after the sale of most of Midway's assests to Warner Bros.. A game called Necessary Force was being developed at the time of the closure. The rights to the game have diverted back to Midway Games as they are shopping the IP. Some members of the team were able to band together and form a new company, Atomhawk Design.[http://www.joystiq.com/2009/09/03/from-the-ashes-of-midway-newcastle-atomhawk-design-rises] In July 2010, Robert Troughton, founder of Pitbull Syndicate, announced the formation of Pitbull Studio, one year after Midway folded the renamed company. Troughton also said that an unannounced project was in development.

</doc>
<doc id="5857596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857596" title="Ted Byfield">
Ted Byfield

Edward Bartlett "Ted" Byfield (born 1929) is a conservative Canadian journalist, publisher, and editor. He founded the "Alberta Report" and "Western Report" newsmagazines.
Life and career.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Byfield moved with his parents to Washington, D.C. at the age of 17. He began his journalism career as a copy boy for the "Washington Post". He returned to Canada in 1948 and worked at the "Ottawa Journal" and "Timmins Daily Press". In 1952 he moved west to join the "Winnipeg Free Press". Covering the city hall beat in Winnipeg, he once crawled into an air conditioning duct in order to eavesdrop on a secret city council meeting enabling him to get a scoop on a funding scandal.
In the 1950s, Byfield became interested in the religious writings of C.S. Lewis and G. K. Chesterton and underwent a religious conversion. He worked with parishioners at Winnipeg's St. John's Cathedral to found a private Anglican school (Saint John's Cathedral Boys' School) and, in 1962, left journalism in order to become a history teacher at the new school. In 1968, he moved to Edmonton to found a second St. John's school west of the city (Saint John's School of Alberta), at Genesee, Alberta, near Edmonton.
Byfield decided to return to journalism in 1973 and launched the "St. John's Edmonton Report", a local news magazine in 1977 and later the "St. John's Calgary Report" and then merged the two into "Alberta Report" in 1979; "B.C. Report" was launched in 1989 with "Western Report" (which shared the majority of its content and layout with "Alberta Report") beginning publication soon after. In the 1990s, in addition to covering news from a conservative viewpoint, the Report magazines challenged the prevailing Zeitgeist with regard to crime, homosexuality, abortion, and public education.
Until the 1980s the schools were run by lay religious order called the Company of the Cross, which paid employees $1.00 per day plus room and board. His magazines were originally run by the same group and the staff paid the same "wage", while living in a communal apartment building.
The magazines, particularly "Alberta Report," articulated a growing sentiment of Western Canadian discontent and alienation. Byfield was one of the inspirations behind the founding of the Reform Party of Canada, and coined the phrase "The West Wants In." Byfield's son, Link Byfield succeeded him as publisher but was unable to staunch the periodicals' declining circulation. They were consolidated and ultimately ceased publication in 2003.
He is currently the president and chairman of SEARCH (The Society to Explore and Record Christian History) and general editor of the Christian history book series "The Christians: Their First Two Thousand Years".
In 1948, as a reporter in the Ottawa Journal newsroom, Byfield had a bit part in the film "The Iron Curtain", directed by William Wellman and starring Dana Andrews as the Soviet defector Igor Gouzenko.

</doc>
<doc id="5857602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857602" title="Omar Olivares">
Omar Olivares

Omar Olivares Palqu (born July 6, 1967 in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico) is a former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the St. Louis Cardinals (1990–1994), Colorado Rockies (1995), Philadelphia Phillies (1995), Detroit Tigers (1996–97), Seattle Mariners (1997), Anaheim Angels (1998–99), Oakland Athletics (1999–2000) and Pittsburgh Pirates (2001). He batted and threw right-handed.
In a 12-season career, Olivares posted a 77–86 record with 826 strikeouts and a 4.67 ERA in 1591⅔ innings pitched. 
He currently lives in Orlando, Florida with his wife Shannon and three children Evan and Austin Olivares, who are fraternal twins, and Omar Olivares the eldest.
Jersey Number
Olivares is one of the last players in the major leagues to wear the number 00, based on his initials (OO).
Named by slugger Tony Gwynn as the pitcher he least liked to face due to his nasty sinker and pitch control.
Olivares was the first Puerto Rican player to play for the Colorado Rockies.
Olivares was recently inducted into the PR Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5857619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857619" title="Ealing rail crash">
Ealing rail crash

The Ealing rail crash was an accident on the British railway system that occurred on 19 December 1973. The 17:18 express train from London Paddington to Oxford—with approximately 650 passengers on board—was derailed while travelling at around between Ealing Broadway and West Ealing. 
Events.
The locomotive, Class 52 diesel-hydraulic number 1007 "Western Talisman", had spent the previous night at Old Oak Common depot and had had its batteries recharged. A door on the battery box had been left unlocked and fell open shortly into the journey. It hit the platform at Ealing Broadway, breaking the arms supporting it and allowing it to swing down and hit a point operating machine. The points moved under the locomotive, throwing it onto its side and derailing the coaches, which came to rest across the tracks.
Victims.
Ten passengers were killed and 94 were injured.

</doc>
<doc id="5857625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857625" title="Johnstown Johnnies (basketball)">
Johnstown Johnnies (basketball)

The Johnstown Johnnies were an American basketball team based in Johnstown, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857645" title="Brazil national handball team">
Brazil national handball team

The Brazil national handball team is the national handball team of Brazil and is governed by the Confederação Brasileira de Handebol.
Current squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Jordi Ribera

</doc>
<doc id="5857655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857655" title="Janardhan">
Janardhan

Janardhan is one of the names of Hindu Lord Krishna.

</doc>
<doc id="5857661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857661" title="Paradine">
Paradine

The Paradine are a fictional race in the science fiction universe of Gene Roddenberry's "Andromeda" television series.
In "Andromeda", the Paradines are both referred to as evolved Vedrans, as well as the first race of sentient beings in the galaxy. Trance Gemini hypothesizes that the Paradines may have had a "hand in its universe's creation". These problems are not expanded upon or resolved during the show's run.
They are described as a race of beings who are ever present, especially at crucial times in galactic history. The Fall of the Systems Commonwealth was considered such an event. According to Vedran legend, the Fall of the Systems Commonwealth was foretold, as was the coming of the Spirit of the Abyss and its legions of Magog. A threat of this magnitude spelled doom for all sentient species in the universe, unless they united. Paradines can also step through time and space, both literally and figuratively. However, these powers are not often used during the show because according to a paradine, there is too much at stake whenever steps are made. Dylan Hunt, the captain of the "Andromeda Ascendant" is a Paradine and according to a message from another Paradine, Flavin, the last one in existence. The rest were wiped out by Maura, Avatar of the Abyss.

</doc>
<doc id="5857668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857668" title="Southern Cross of Honor">
Southern Cross of Honor

The Southern Cross of Honor is the name of two separate and distinct military honors presented to Confederate military personnel and veterans. The original wartime medal, "aka Confederate Medal of Honor", was a military decoration meant to honor officers, noncommissioned officers, and privates for their valor in the armed forces of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. It was formally approved by the Congress of the Confederate States on October 13, 1862, and was originally intended to be on par with the Union Army's Medal of Honor.
During the war, however, there were shortages of metals, and many medals were not minted or awarded. The names of these soldiers were, however, recorded in an Honor Roll and preserved in the Adjutant Inspector General's records.
The postwar version of the medal, which is a separate award than the original wartime medal, came into being following a reunion in 1898. The idea of bestowing the Southern Cross of Honor to Confederate veterans of the American Civil War was conceived in Atlanta in July 1898 by Mrs. Alexander S. (Mary Ann Lamar Cobb) Erwin of Athens, GA, at a reunion of Confederate veterans. Mrs. Erwin and Mrs. Sarah E. Gabbett of Atlanta are credited with the design of the medal. The medal was at this point authorized by the UDC to be awarded to any Confederate Veteran who had provided "loyal, honorable service to the South and given in recognition of this devotion."
A metal cross pattée with the representation of a Confederate battle flag placed on the center thereof surrounded by a wreath, with the inscription "The Southern Cross of Honor." On the back of the medal is the motto of the Confederate States of America, "Deo Vindice" (God [As Our Vindicator), the dates 1861 1865, and the inscription, "From the UDC to the UCV." (UDC stands for the United Daughters of the Confederacy; UCV stands for the United Confederate Veterans.) The Southern Cross of Honor could only be bestowed through the United Daughters of the Confederacy. It could not be purchased; it was given in recognition of loyal, honorable service to the South and only a Confederate veteran could wear it. The first Cross ever bestowed was upon Mrs. Erwin’s husband, Captain Alexander S. Erwin, by the Athens (Ga.) Chapter on April 26, 1900.
Although no Civil War veterans are still living, the last verified Confederate veteran dying in 1951, Virginia Code section 18.2-176(b) remains in effect and makes it a Class 3 misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of not more than $500, to "wear any Southern Cross of Honor when not entitled to do so by the regulations under which such Crosses of Honor are given."
Grave markers.
The Southern Cross of Honor is also used as a symbol on the graves of Confederate veterans who served honorably. It can take two different forms which can sometimes both be seen on the same soldier's grave.
One form is an outline of the Southern Cross engraved on the actual gravestone of the veteran. This symbol is still available to be placed as an optional symbol of belief on a U.S. Veterans Administration issued gravestone. This symbol will only be issued by the V.A. to be placed on the grave of a Confederate Veteran. The symbol is also available to be placed on existing gravestones by some private monument companies and stone carvers.
The second form of the Southern Cross of Honor seen on Confederate graves is a two-sided, cast iron replica of the medal. This cross stands atop a metal rod placed into the ground at the veteran's grave. It is sometimes referred to as the "Iron Cross of Honor" or "SCV Iron Cross". The cross is typically placed on Confederate graves by local chapters of the Sons of Confederate Veterans or by family members or interested parties related to the Confederate Veteran. The iron cross version of the SCH is available for purchase through several SCV chapters as well as several private foundries throughout the United States. The grave of any Confederate Veteran who served honorably is eligible for placement of this symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="5857675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857675" title="Wyckoff positions">
Wyckoff positions

In crystallography, a Wyckoff position is a point belonging to a set of points for which site symmetry groups are conjugate subgroups of the space group. Crystallography tables give the Wyckoff positions for different space groups.
Wyckoff positions are used in calculations of crystal properties. There are two types of positions: general and special. 

</doc>
<doc id="5857676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857676" title="FIN 46">
FIN 46

FIN 46, revised and replaced in its entirety by FIN 46R, is a statement for the purposes of United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles published by the US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) which requires a reporting enterprise to consolidate a variable interest entity (VIE) if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE based on variable interests. One of the main reasons FIN46 was issued as an interpretation instead of an accounting standard was to issue the standard in a relatively short period of time in response to the Enron scandal.
FIN 46R is an interpretation of ARB 51 relating to consolidation. Consolidation of assets and liabilities is required whenever one entity has a controlling financial interest in another entity. The traditional ARB 51 approach assumed that equity - usually common stock - would receive the residual economic interest generated by a business, which is why ARB 51 focuses on equity-based majority voting interests. The traditional criterion for a controlling financial interest under ARB 51 is a majority voting interest. In the 1980s and 1990s it became common for many companies to control assets in certain businesses without maintaining a majority voting interest in those businesses. This was more often done with securitizations rather than traditional limited liability corporations, because the securitization's common stock or other voting interests could be paid defined, limited amounts and all other cash flows could be directed to other securityholders. Before FIN 46, this enabled companies to avoid consolidation, which permitted them to keep the liabilities and losses of their controlled special purpose entities off of their financial statements. In such cases, consolidation based on equity did not serve the purpose of effective reporting because it does not reflect the true nature of relationships among entities. 
FIN 46R closed this loophole by defining tests to identify a controlling financial interest beyond just equity ownership and voting rights. This is important in cases where the legal equity is insignificant or at least somewhat irrelevant from the viewpoint of risk/rewards. The new rules emphasize the substance of relationships among entities, rather than emphasizing the form of relationships among entities (such as a majority voting interest), which can be more easily manipulated. 
Under FIN 46R, the first step is to determine if a company has a variable interest in another entity. In general terms, a variable interest is an interest in an entity that increases and decreases in value (i.e., is variable) according to increases and decreases in the expected cash flows from the entity's assets and liabilities. Once a variable interest is established, the second step is to determine who is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity (or "VIE"). The primary beneficiary is the entity, if any, that holds the majority of the risks and rewards associated with the VIE. Once a primary beneficiary is identified, it is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in the VIE and must consolidate the VIE onto its financial statements, whether or not it holds a majority voting interest.
Note that when the FASB first began working on FIN 46, it focused on special purpose entities, like the entities Enron used. The FASB then quickly recognized that the principles of FIN 46 should apply to all entities where a variable interest exists, so the final interpretation is broader than the original objective.
Finally, note that where, as in a securitization, a party selling assets to a VIE and maintaining an ongoing involvement with those assets (for example as a swap counter-party to the VIE with respect to asset cashflows) then Financial Accounting Standard 140 (FAS140), which deals with de-recognition of assets upon transfer to a special purpose entity) will also be relevant.

</doc>
<doc id="5857677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857677" title="Heliobatis">
Heliobatis

Heliobatis is an extinct genus of ray in the Myliobatiformes family Dasyatidae. At present the genus contains the single species Heliobatis radians.
The genus is known primarily from the Early Eocene, Wasatchian stage, Fossil Lake deposits. Fossil Lake is part of the Green River Formation in southwest Wyoming. "Heliobatis" is one of only two known rays to have been found in the Green River formation; the other species, Asterotrygon maloneyi, was only recognized and described in 2004.
History and classification.
The genus was described from a single incomplete holotype specimen, number "YPM 528", currently residing in the collections of the Peabody Museum of Natural History, New Haven, Connecticut, USA. The specimen was collected from an outcrop of Fossil Lake and presents a dorsal view of the fish. It was first studied by prolific American paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh. He published his brief 1877 type description in the "American Journal of Science". Two years later Edward Drinker Cope, rival to Marsh, published a description for a ray specimen giving it the name "Xiphotrygon acutidens." though the description by Cope is more complete and includes an illustration of his type specimen, the old name "Heliobatis" has seniority. In 1947 Henry Weed Fowler published a very brief description of a ray genus he dubbed "Palaeodasybatis discus" based on a partly restored Academy of Natural Sciences specimen, number "ANSP 89344." The specimen, which was subsequently lost, was noted for having a more rounded or disc like body than "Heliobatis." The genus was synonymized with "Heliobatis" based on illustrations of Fowler's type specimen, characterizing the more rounded appearance as an artifact of the incomplete nature of Marsh's holotype. 
The generic epithet "Heliobatis" is a derivation of the words "helios" meaning "the sun" and "batis," meaning "skate" or "ray." The derivation of the specific epithet "radians" is not mentioned in Marsh's description.
Description.
"Heliobatis" ranges from in length, with an average of between . As in modern stingrays the genders are dimorphic, with males possessing claspers. "Heliobatis" individuals have up to three modified dermal denticles, forming barbed stingers, on their tails, though individuals are often found with less than three. The genus is considered to have been demersal in nature. As in the modern skate genus "Raja" the teeth of "Heliobatis" are small and closely spaced. The teeth are triangular and shaped for feeding on small fish, crustaceans, and mollusks. "Heliobatis" is notably abundant at the same site on Fossil Lake where the only Green River Formation crayfish, "Procambarus primaevus," and prawns "Bechleja rostrata" are found. The genus has a long tail which is very slender, often missing the tip, sporting small spines along the dorsal midline. The tail provides up to half of the total body length.

</doc>
<doc id="5857679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857679" title="McKeesport Tubers">
McKeesport Tubers

The McKeesport Tubers were an American basketball team based in McKeesport, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857695" title="Locust (comics)">
Locust (comics)

The Locust was a one-time supervillain foe of the X-Men.
Publication history.
The Locust made his debut in "X-Men" #24 in September 1966, and was created by Roy Thomas and Werner Roth.
The character subsequently appears in "The Uncanny X-Men" #72 (October 1971), "The Incredible Hulk" #194 (December 1975), "X-Factor" #52 (March 1990), and "The Order" #4 (July 2002).
The Locust received an entry in the "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z" #6 (2006).
Fictional character biography.
The Locust's alter ego is Doctor August Hopper, once a top name in entomology, whose "crackpot theories" cost him his job. He relocated to Ryan Chemicals, where he developed a Magno-Ray which causes insects to grow to enormous sizes and allows him to control their actions. He sends an army of raging locusts, grasshoppers, wasps, and beetles to overthrow the world, but is eventually thwarted by the X-Men and surrenders to the authorities.
Locust attacked his daughter's fiancee, but was stopped by the Hulk.
Locust attacked the original X-Factor team, until beast removed his equipment, leaving him powerless.
He later appears in "The Order" #4, battling Doctor Strange, The Hulk, the Sub-Mariner, and the Silver Surfer. The heroes made short work of him, defeating him easily.
Powers and abilities.
The Locust, as his name suggests, dresses like a giant locust and uses a personal jet pack to fly around. Along with his army of insects, Locust also carries a ray gun into battle.

</doc>
<doc id="5857703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857703" title="Walleye (disambiguation)">
Walleye (disambiguation)

Walleye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857704" title="Monster (ride)">
Monster (ride)

The Monster is an amusement ride manufactured by Eyerly Aircraft Corporation. The ride spins while moving up and down at a slow pace. Each car spins while giant arms move up and down in a circular motion. Riders may experience the feeling of weightlessness when going in the air and coming back down to ground level. 
Design.
The Monster and the Spider are two different rides. The Spider is an offshoot of the Octopus, which has 8 arms with either one or two seats at the end, whereas the Spider has six arms with two seats at the end of each arm. The Monster has six arms similar to the Spider however it has four seats on the end with a rotating arms operated by electric motors where the seats are connected .
Existing rides.
One example of this ride opened in 1970 at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. Another Monster ride is at Valleyfair in Shakopee, Minnesota, which is a sister park to Cedar Point, as well as at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio. There is a Monster Ride called the Spider in Waldameer in Erie, Pennsylvania. Tom Evans United Shows travels the U.S. and has one known as the Spider. 

</doc>
<doc id="5857706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857706" title="La Vérité">
La Vérité

La Vérité was the last album by Niagara. Niagara was one of the few French bands who had success and critical acclaim outside of France despite not singing in English, because of this they embarked on an international tour in 1991 which included many sold out concerts. Based on this success, Polydor decided to spare no expense on "La Vérité" which was recorded with a big band consisting of 45 musicians and had a special jewel case with a relief of the logo of the band on the cover.
The album was dark with an apocalyptic sound, sometimes bordering on hard rock with ballads intermixed and deals with subjects like the state of the planet, the weird role of the media, the problems of being accepted and being a woman. Up to now they were known for an acid rock sound which was reasonably happy. The change of theme resulted in an album which didn't go straight to #1 like their previous two albums, . The album was nevertheless certified Gold. On the personal side, the relationship between Muriel Moreno, the flamboyant singer, and Daniel Chenevez, the guitar and keyboard player, was not as it used to be. Niagara gave a final concert in Le Zénith, Paris on 25 March 1992 before going their separate ways with moderately successful solo careers.<br>NB. Sound quality: DDD.
Album credits.
Personnel.
String section 1
String section 2

</doc>
<doc id="5857713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857713" title="Alison Croggon">
Alison Croggon

Alison Croggon (born 1962 ) is a contemporary Australian poet, playwright, fantasy novelist, and librettist.
Life.
Born in the Transvaal, South Africa, Alison Croggon's family moved to England before settling in Australia, first in Ballarat then Melbourne. She has worked as a journalist for the "Sydney Morning Herald". Her first volume of poetry, "This is the Stone", won the Anne Elder Award and the Mary Gilmore Prize. Her novella "Navigatio" was recommended in the 1995 The Australian/Vogel Literary Award and all four novels of the fantasy genre series "Pellinor" have been published. She also edits the online writing magazine "Masthead" and writes theatre criticism.
Croggon has also written libretti for Michael Smetanin's operas "Gauguin: A Synthetic Life" and "The Burrow", which premiered respectively at the 2000 Melbourne Festival and Perth Festival, produced by ChamberMade. Other poems by her have been set to music by Smetanin, Christine McCombe, Margaret Legge-Wilkinson and Andrée Greenwell. Her plays have been produced by the Melbourne Festival, The Red Shed Company (Adelaide) and ABC Radio.
She currently lives in Melbourne, Australia with her husband and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="5857727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857727" title="Jungle Love">
Jungle Love

"Jungle Love" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857730" title="South American Youth Championship">
South American Youth Championship

The South American Youth Championship, also known as U-20 South American Championship and Juventud de América (English: "America's Youth") is a South American football tournament organized by the CONMEBOL (CONfederación SudaMEricana de FútBOL), for South American national teams of men under age 20.
History.
The first South American Youth Championship was hosted by Venezuela in 1954. Initially for men under age 19, this limit was maintained until the 7th championship, hosted by Peru in 1975. Since the 8th edition (1977), when the tournament took place in Venezuela for the second time, the age limit was raised to 20. This change was made in order to use the competition as South American qualification for the FIFA World Youth Championship (now renamed the FIFA U-20 World Cup), held every two years since 1977. The most recent edition (number 26) was hosted by Argentina and won by Colombia in 2013.
The Championship has had only five champions during its history (Brazil, Uruguay, Argentina, Colombia and Paraguay). However, since 1983 Brazil has largely dominated the tournament, sharing the trophy only on three occasions with Colombia and on three occasions with Argentina.
Format.
All matches take place in the host country, and all ten U-20 national football teams of CONMEBOL compete in every edition (if none of the associations withdraw). They are separated in two groups of five, and each team plays four matches in a pure round-robin stage. The three top competitors advance to a single final group of six, wherein each team plays five matches. The results in this last pure round-robin stage determines the champion and the South American qualification to the next FIFA U-20 World Cup. Unlike most international tournaments, in South American Youth Championships there is neither final match nor third place match nor knockout stages.
Top goalscorers.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="5857733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857733" title="Callosa">
Callosa

Callosa may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5857736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857736" title="Susan Barlow">
Susan Barlow

Susan Ida Barlow (previously Baldwin), is a fictional character in the British soap opera "Coronation Street". She made her debut screen appearance on 5 April 1965. Susan has been portrayed by four actresses since her introduction. Katie Heannau was the first actress to the character. Wendy Jane Walker took over the role for two years from 1970. When the character returned in 1979, Suzy Patterson was recast in the role. She remained with the show until 1981 and Walker reprised the role until 1987. In 2001, Susan returned with Joanna Foster in the role.
Development.
In January 2001, the character returned to "Coronation Street" with actress Joanna Foster taking over the role. Susan comes back to Weatherfield to introduce her son, Adam (Iain de Caestecker) to his grandfather, Ken (William Roache). Rick Fulton of the "Daily Record" said Ken is "amazed, but also devastated" that Susan kept his grandson a secret for so long. Adam's father is Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs), who Susan married in 1986. Susan told Mike she had an abortion and he threw her out the following year. Fulton explained "But that will be exposed as a lie. It seems Susan, who had grown to hate her husband, didn't think Mike would be a fit father for her child. She decided she wanted to bring up the baby on her own without any of his influence." The news rocks Ken and Mike, when they learn they are linked by Adam. On 22 January 2001, Brian Roberts of the "Daily Mirror" reported Susan would be killed off in a car accident. Her death would then kick-start a custody battle for her son, Adam, between her father and her ex-husband. Roberts said Susan is "adamant" that she does not want Mike having anything to do with Adam and she decides to take him to Ireland. However, while they are on their way Susan crashes the car and dies. 
Storylines.
1965-71.
Susan was the daughter of Ken and Valerie Barlow and twin sister of Peter Barlow. She was born on 5 April 1965 after Len Fairclough drove Val to the hospital in his van. Most of Susan's early storylines were alongside her twin brother, Peter.
Valerie's life changed completely as all her time was spent looking after the twins and Ken. The Barlows had many friends in the Street, and could easily find babysitters, allowing Valerie to attend evening classes in Sociology. In November 1965, Ken was looking after the twins, but when he stepped out to the Rovers Return for a few minutes, a piece of coal fell from the fire, filling the house with smoke. Val came home before Ken put the fire out but was outraged that he had left the babies alone while he went out to buy cigarettes. Val told Ken she would leave him if he ever smoked again.
In 1966, Ken had a fling with reporter, Jackie Marsh. Val briefly left him and returned to Glasgow with the twins, but returned when he convinced her that he would be a more devoted husband and father from then on.
In 1968, the Mission of Glad Tidings and Elliston's Raincoat Factory across the Street were torn down to make way for a block of maisonettes. As they were being demolished, Ken and Val realised the twins were missing. They were found in the factory just before the wrecking ball hit.
In late 1969, Susan's maternal grandmother Edith stayed with the Barlows. When Edith took the twins out to the fair, she lost them, but they were found by an elderly woman who had taken them in and not contacted the family.
In early 1971, Ken was offered a teaching position in Jamaica and Val agreed to emigrate with the twins. However, Val died when she was electrocuted by a faulty hairdryer. In late 1971, Peter and Susan were sent to live in Scotland with their maternal grandparents after Ken struggled to make suitable childcare arrangements and continue to work as a teacher.
1979–2001.
Susan returned to Coronation Street, where she lived with her father. She started helping out in the Kabin with Rita Fairclough and Mavis Riley. She finished school and started working at the Rovers. Stepmother Deirdre later moved in with her and Ken after they married in 1981. In late 1981, Susan went back to Scotland.
In 1985, Susan returned again now working as a market researcher. She began an affair with her father's sworn enemy Mike Baldwin and they got engaged but Ken refused to attend as he hated Mike and could not come to terms with the fact he was marrying his little girl. But after a lot of thinking and talking to Susan, Peter and Deirdre he walked Susan down the aisle on 6 May 1986. The marriage failed, because Susan's career ambitions did not fit in with Mike's plans for the future. When she got pregnant, Mike wanted her to abandon her business; Susan decided to have an abortion. Mike calling her a killer and a murdering bitch and she moved to Newcastle after just a year of marriage in November 1987.
By December 2000, Peter was living with Ken and Deirdre. While arguing with Ken, Peter let slip that Susan had a son. Ken insisted Peter explain, which he did, telling Ken that Susan had lied about the abortion and gave birth to her son, Adam in May 1988. Susan had only told Peter this. Ken went to Scotland the following month to visit Susan and she made him swear not to tell Mike. Ken told Deirdre and she told her ex-lover Dev Alahan. He told Mike who called Susan and demanded access. Susan, who was visiting her father and brother, refused. Mike threatened her with legal action. Susan tried to flee again with Adam, but on 11 February 2001, while driving on the M7, she lost control of her car and ran off the motorway and struck a tree. Susan was killed instantly but Adam suffered only minor injuries. Susan was buried next to her mother, Valerie.
Reception.
Johnny Briggs disproved of the storyline that saw his character (Mike Baldwin) marry Susan as he thought it would tie his character down. He also did not get on with Walker and was pleased when the relationship broke up. The "Daily Mirror's" Charlie Catchpole described Susan as the "hapless" wife and daughter of Mike and Ken. He commented on her 2001 recast saying "I don't know why either of them believed a word she said, since Susan had been blonde and blue-eyed, and this impostor had black hair and brown eyes." Catchpole added that Susan's off screen death was one of the soap world's cruelest exits.

</doc>
<doc id="5857737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857737" title="Lance Clemons">
Lance Clemons

Lance Levis Clemons (July 6, 1947 – January 22, 2008) was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Kansas City Royals (), St. Louis Cardinals () and Boston Red Sox ().
Clemons was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In a three-season career, he posted a 2–1 record with 23 strikeouts and a 6.06 earned run average in 19 games pitched. He died of cancer at age 60.

</doc>
<doc id="5857743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857743" title="Gryouchus">
Gryouchus

Gryouchus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish.

</doc>
<doc id="5857745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857745" title="Viamão">
Viamão

Viamão is a city in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. In size it is the largest municipality in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre and the seventh most populous in the state.
The origin of the name Viamão is controversial. The more common explanation is that atop the hills of the region it is possible to see the Guaíba River and its five inlets: Jacuí, Caí, Gravataí, Taquari and Rio dos Sinos, which form an open hand. This is said to have lent the city its name -from the phrase "Vi a mão," meaning, "I saw the hand."
History.
In the 18th century the region of the modern state Rio Grande do Sul was a trade route between the cities Sorocaba and Colônia do Sacramento. Various colonists created cattle ranches and plantations here. In 1725, Cosme da Silveira, a member of Captain João de Magalhães' fleet, settled in the Viamão region. He was joined by Francisco Carvalho da Cunha in 1741, who created the Estância Grande site, where the church of Nossa Senhora da Conceição (Immaculate Conception) would be built. In 1747, the colony was declared a civil parish. With the Spanish invasion of 1766, it became necessary to install a government center for the captaincy. Viamão served as the seat of the governor until 1773. At that time, the seat was transferred to Porto dos Casais (which later became Porto Alegre). In 1880, Porto Alegre became its own separate municipality.
In 1889, with the advent of the Republic and the dissolution of the Municipal Chambers as an executive power, the city elected its first mayor, Lt.-Col. Tristão José de Fraga, who previously served as the president of the above-mentioned Municipal Chambers. The second mayor would be Col. Felisberto Luiz de Barcellos.
The economic importance of the region, for being the first cattle ranch, grew from the commerce and transport of dried meat (charque) and leather to Laguna and São Paulo. The three commercial routes at the time began where Viamão is located today. The main road, the "Estrada Real" ("Royal Road"), left the city and passed through Vacaria, Lages, Curitibanos, Papanduva, Rio Negro, Campo do Tenente, Lapa, Palmeira, Ponta Grossa, Castro, Piraí do Sul, Jaguariaiva, Itararé and arriving at Sorocaba. Another route was over the coastal regions until Laguna.
Places of interest.
Within Viamão's limits is the Saint-Hilaire Park, which boasts natural freshwater springs and an abundant wildlife, despite its proximity to a large urban region. The park's integrity, due to an ever-encroaching population in the last few decades, has become progressively threatened. Its name comes from the famous traveler Augustin Saint-Hilaire, who passed through Rio Grande do Sul describing its natural aspects and regional customs. The following sentence is attributed to him: "In this state, there are no residents, there are only survivors." The reason why he said that is the weather, that can be extremely humid, making winters feel colder and summers hotter.
Another must-see is the church of the Immaculate Conception, a National Heritage site, the second oldest church in the state, built between 1766 and 1769 in severe colonial baroque style, but with splendid rococo altars inside.

</doc>
<doc id="5857753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857753" title="Victor Animatograph Corporation">
Victor Animatograph Corporation

The Victor Animatograph Corporation was a maker of projection equipment founded in 1910 in Davenport, Iowa by Swedish-born American inventor Alexander F. Victor.
The firm made its first 16 mm camera and movie projector in 1923, the same year Eastman Kodak introduced the Cine-Kodak and Kodascope. Victor advertised through his entire career thereafter that he had marketed the first 16mm equipment, but his claim was incorrect by several weeks, since the Cine-Kodak had been introduced in July, substantially earlier than Victor's August marketing date. Victor's first 16mm camera was a hand-cranked rectangular aluminum box designed for the additional film economy of cranking only 14 frames per second instead of the standard sixteen. A later version of this first Victor was driven by an electric motor. Neither camera sold in large numbers, but Victor followed in 1927 with a more successful camera modeled on the Bell & Howell Filmo. Victor offered many models of 16mm projectors, most with only minor variations, but prior to military contracts won during World War II, all were made and sold in very small numbers, from 20 units to usually no more than a couple of thousand units.

</doc>
<doc id="5857755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857755" title="Pittsburgh South Side">
Pittsburgh South Side

Pittsburgh South Side was an American basketball team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that was a member of the Central Basketball League and the various incarnations of the Western Pennsylvania Basketball League. Some argue that it was the best all-white professional team in Western Pennsylvania of all time. It twice defeated the famous Buffalo Germans, whose proud boast it was that they never lost a series to any team. The team dropped out of the league late in the 1911-12 season. 
The South Siders won the Western Pennsylvania League championship in 1904 and 1913. They were co-champions of the Central League in 1905. 
Joseph "Joe" Meech Leithead (born July 17, 1882; died July 2, 1958 [http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=4CARAAAAIBAJ&sjid=5GsDAAAAIBAJ&pg=5948,675466&dq=leithead&hl=en]) played and served as coach and captain of the Pittsburgh South Side team from 1899 through 1907. 
The South Side team made national headlines when they made Harry Hough the highest-paid basketball player in the world on December 31, 1907. They signed him to a contract that paid him $300 per month to play eight league games per month (that's roughly $6,819 a month or $81,800 a year in 2009 dollars past to present currency converter). 
South Side Team 1905-06 
Joe Leithead Captain and Coach seated second row left in turtleneck.

</doc>
<doc id="5857761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857761" title="Scott Haffner">
Scott Haffner

Scott Haffner (born February 2, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player who graduated from Noblesville High School, Indiana and was selected by the Miami Heat in the 2nd round (45th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. Haffner, a 6'3" (1.90 m) and 180 lb (81½ kg) point guard, played two years in the NBA, for the Heat during the 1989-90 season and for the Charlotte Hornets during the 1990-91 season. His best year as a pro came during his rookie year as a member of the Heat, appearing in 43 games (starting 6) and averaging 4.6 ppg. Haffner played collegiately at the University of Illinois and the University of Evansville.
Haffner holds Evansville's all-time record for single-game scoring, with 65 points in a 109-83 win over Dayton on February 18, 1989. Haffner won Midwestern Collegiate Conference Player of the Year honors in 1988-89, helping to advance the Purple Aces to the second round of the Division I NCAA men's basketball tournament for the only time in its history. The Aces beat Oregon State 94-90 before falling to Seton Hall 87-73.

</doc>
<doc id="5857763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857763" title="Udhcpc">
Udhcpc

Udhcpc is a very small DHCP client program geared towards embedded systems. The letters are an abbreviation for Micro - DHCP - Client (µDHCPc). The program tries to be fully functional and RFC 2131 compliant.
It was once packaged with a similarly small DHCP server program named udhcpd, with the package called udhcp. It is now maintained as part of Busybox.
Built for uClibc, the client executable is around 18k.
The program accepts all options on the command line, and calls external scripts to handle the configuration of interfaces.
Udhcp was originally developed in 1999 by Matthew Ramsay and distributed under the GNU GPL by Moreton Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="5857774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857774" title="Elmar Brandt">
Elmar Brandt

Elmar Brandt (born 20 September 1971) is a German impressionist, best known for his imitations of politicians. He was born in Düsseldorf.
His most famous series is "The Gerd Show", in which actual events are lampooned using an imitation of former German chancellor Gerhard Schröder. "The Gerd Show" was broadcast between 1999 and 2005 as a short daily comedy on various radio programmes. Other politicians and celebrities Brandt has imitated include former Minister-President of Bavaria Edmund Stoiber, Reiner Calmund, the late President Johannes Rau, Dieter Bohlen, Marcel Reich-Ranicki and ex-Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer; he also provided voices for the remake of German satirical puppet show Hurra Deutschland (the puppets of which were also used in the Gerd Show music videos).

</doc>
<doc id="5857783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857783" title="Cláudio Santoro">
Cláudio Santoro

Cláudio Franco de Sá Santoro (23 November 1919–27 March 1989) was an internationally renowned Brazilian composer, conductor and violinist.
Biography.
Early life.
A native of Manaus, the capital of Amazonas, Santoro started to study violin and piano as a child. His efforts made the Government of Amazonas send him to study at the Conservatório Brasileiro de Música in Rio de Janeiro.
Career.
At the age of 18, he was already teaching violin at the conservatory. He was a pupil of Hans-Joachim Koellreutter, a composer who influenced him. He also studied in Paris with Nadia Boulanger. He co-founded and played in the Brazilian Symphony Orchestra. His prolific output was mostly instrumental and includes fourteen symphonies, three piano concertos and seven string quartets.
He was invited by the Government of the German Federal Republic for the Program "Resident Artist in West Berlin" (1966/67) and by the Brahms Foundation as Resident Artist of the Brahms House (Baden Baden).
Claudio Santoro died in Brasília in March 1989 at the age of 69 while conducting the rehearsal of a concert scheduled to commemorate the 14 July bicentennial of the French Revolution.
Awards.
He won a 1948 prize of The Lili Boulanger Memorial Fund at the University of Massachusetts, in Boston (the judges included the composers Igor Stravinski and Aaron Copland).
Posts.
His positions, titles and activities include being founder and principal of the Chamber Orchestra's of Radio MEC and the University of Brasília, the Symphonic Orchestr of the Radio Club of Brazil and the National Theater of Brasília; titular, Coordinating professor for of the Music Department of the University of Brasília; President of the Brasília Section of the Order of the Musicians of Brazil; Musical Director of the Cultural Foundation of the Federal District; member of the Managing Council of the Inter-American Music Council; organizer and director of the Center of Diffusion and Information for the music of Latin America together with the Institute of Comparative Studies of Music and Documentation (former West-Berlin); Member of the Brazilian Academy of Music, the Brazilian Academy of Arts and the Academy of Music and Letters of Brazil, of which he was President.
Between 1970 and 1978 he was Professor of Conducting and Composition, Director of the Orchestra and the Music Department of Heidelberg-Mannheim's State Superior Music School, in Germany. Orchestras he guest-conducted include the Philharmonic of Leningrad, Moscow State Orchestra, RIAS Berlin, ORTF Paris, OSSODRE Montevideo, Beethovenhalle Bonn, Symphonic of the Radio of Prague, Philharmonic of Bucharest, Symphonic of Orchestra of Porto, Philharmonic of Sofia, PRO ART (London) Île de France (Paris), Symphonic of the Leipzig Radio, Symphonic of Magdeburg, Philharmonic of Warsaw, as well as the main Brazilian orchestras.
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5857789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857789" title="Monastery of Leyre">
Monastery of Leyre

The Monastery of San Salvador of Leyre is a religious complex to the south of the Sierra of Leyre, in northern Navarre, Spain, representing one of the most important historical monasteries of Spain. The oldest records of the site date from 842, when Íñigo Arista, considered the first king of Pamplona, and Wilesindo, Bishop of Pamplona, made a donation to the monastery. The monastery grew in importance thereafter, acquiring numerous properties and wealth during the first and middle stages of the Kingdom of Navarre, thanks to the privileges and donations made by the Navarrese kings. The monastery was expanded in the twelfth century. Several kings of Navarre were buried there.
Since then it has been in various states of repair, undergoing many expansions and remodelling (the most extensive carried out in the sixteenth century, when almost the entire monastery was rebuilt). Romanesque architecture pieces have survived until the present day (such as the church, with its "Porta Speciosa"), as well as parts that are even more ancient such as the notable crypt.
The monastery is located on one of the various routes of the Way of Saint James coming from the Corridor of Berdún and Jaca. The name of the monastery has been adopted as a female name under the form Leire, especially popular across the Basque Country. 
Leyre was founded as a Benedictine monastery, but later came to be owned by Cistercian monks. Currently, the monastery belongs to the Chartered Community of Navarre, which has transferred the monastery to its original inhabitants, the Benedictine order, for care and operation.
In June 2014, the monastery was the setting for the first official visit of Felipe, Prince of Asturias with his wife Princess Letizia following the abdication of his father Juan Carlos as King of Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="5857790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857790" title="Uniontown Berets">
Uniontown Berets

Uniontown (also known as the "Berets") was an American basketball team based in Uniontown, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5857795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857795" title="Birth of the Dead">
Birth of the Dead

Birth of the Dead is a two-CD compilation album chronicling the early years of the San Francisco psychedelic band the Grateful Dead. The set was originally part of the twelve-CD box set "The Golden Road (1965-1973)", released on October 16, 2001, then was released as a stand-alone album on March 25, 2003. The album consists of various studio and live tracks of seven original songs and a number of covers.
"Birth of the Dead, Volume One (The Studio Sessions)", containing the music from the first CD, was released as a vinyl LP on the Friday Music label on December 17, 2013.
Labeling.
The two CDs are labeled "The Studio Sides" for the first CD and "The Live Sides" for the second. The Studio Sides comprise three separate recording sessions: "The Autumn Sessions", "The Scorpio Session", and "The Hendricks Session".
The Autumn Sessions was recorded at Golden State Recorders in San Francisco in November 1965. The band used the space under the assumed name of The Emergency Crew. The Scorpio Sessions, comprising tracks seven through sixteen of disc one, was released in limited supply by Scorpio Records in July 1966. The Hendrick Session, consisting of only the song "Fire in the City", was recorded for use in the documentary film "Sons and Daughters". It was later released as a single by Verve Records.
Personnel.
Grateful Dead:
Additional performers:
Production:<br>
Autumn Records sessions (Disc one, tracks 1 to 6)
Scorpio Records sessions (Disc one, tracks 7 to 16)
"Fire In The City"
Live performances (all of disc two)
Production details.
Autumn Records sessions (Disc one, tracks 1 to 6)
Scorpio Records sessions (tracks 7 to 16);
Fire In The City
Live performances

</doc>
<doc id="5857800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857800" title="Argentina national handball team">
Argentina national handball team

The Argentina national handball team is the national handball team of Argentina and is controlled by the Argentina Handball Association.
Current squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Eduardo Gallardo

</doc>
<doc id="5857801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857801" title="Shax (Charmed)">
Shax (Charmed)

The demon Shax appeared twice in the long-running fantasy WB drama series "Charmed" as the demonic, personal assassin of the Source of All Evil. He appears as an evil personification of the air, supernaturally appearing and disappearing in sudden gusts of wind, and killing his targets with large blasts of wind energy summoned in his hands. Shax is best known for killing Prue and ending the original Charmed Ones.
Character history.
In the series, Shax was assigned to kill a doctor who was destined to do great good and was under the Charmed Ones protection. He first attacked the Charmed Ones, Prue and Piper Halliwell whilst Phoebe was searching for the vanquish spell. He beat them, but didn't manage to kill either of them due to Phoebes' timely appearance with the spell, chanting it herself. Sadly, the spell required the Power of Three and only injured Shax. Prue and Piper follow him outside and get attacked again, but Piper blows him up. They are not sure if he is vanquished however. Unfortunately, for the Charmed Ones, the vanquishing was filmed by a local news reporter who streamed the footage live onto television screens across San Francisco. The world turns their attention to the Witches who have to deal with that and Shax, who returns to attack yet again. Fortunately this time both Prue and Piper chant the spell, and this has enough power to vanquish the demon.
As a result of exposing the existence of the supernatural, the Source (using the upper-level demon Tempus) was forced to rewind time to before Shax was vanquished. Unaware of the change in timeline, Shax returned and successfully carried out his hit when he murdered Prue after blasting her through a wall in her family home. He became the only demon to ever permanently kill a Charmed One, thus temporarily rendering The Power of Three powerless. In revenge, the remaining three Charmed Ones, Prudence's three younger sisters, vanquished Shax for a second and final time; marking the very first vanquish of youngest Charmed One, Paige Matthews.
Shax also appears in the "Charmed" novel, "Charmed Again" by Elizabeth Lenhard, which retells the events of Prue's murder, her subsequent burial and Shax's final vanquish by the three youngest Charmed Ones.
Characterization.
Shax was portrayed by Michael Bailey Smith (who also played the roles of the Source, Belthazor and one of the Grimlocks) in the third season finale, "All Hell Breaks Loose", and the fourth season premiere, "Charmed Again (Part I)". He also made an appearance during a flashback in the sixth season episode "Chris-Crossed".
Furthermore, Shax came fourth in a poll of the "Top 10 Villains" in "Charmed", conducted by "Charmed Magazine" and Living (the UK broadcaster of the series). Drawing on his high ranking in demonic hierarchy, his ability to kill one of the Charmed Ones, and his frightening appearance, the poll concluded ""he is one very dangerous demon"". Although he seldom spoke, his ""memorable quote"" was of his only line on the show, ""the end"", uttered after killing Prue.
Description in the "Book of Shadows".
Shax is one of many demons and warlocks who has a page dedicated to him in the Charmed One's ""Book of Shadows"" (a magical tome detailing the many magical beings present in the show's fictional universe). The page, however, is only ever revealed on-screen (despite being referenced to on the show) in a special features documentary on the eighth season's DVD Region 1 easter egg, and in one issue of the official "Charmed Magazine". The page reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5857817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857817" title="Washington Georges">
Washington Georges

The Washington Georges was an American basketball team based in Washington, Ohio that was a member of the Central Basketball League.
In their only season, the team dropped out of the league after going 0-30.

</doc>
<doc id="5857826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857826" title="Gyrosteus">
Gyrosteus

Gyrosteus mirabilis is an extinct ray-finned fish that lived during the Jurassic. It was found near Whitby, United Kingdom and was about 5 m (17 ft) long.

</doc>
<doc id="5857845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857845" title="Sense District">
Sense District

Sense District (, French: "District de la Singine") is one of the seven administrative district of the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland, and the only completely German-speaking one. It is named for the Sense River, which forms the majority of its eastern border with the canton of Bern. 
History.
The Sense region was first mentioned historically in 1076 under the name "Sensuna". It became a district since the canton was reorganized from four into seven districts in 1848. Most of the Sense belonged to the lordship of the Republik Freiburg (Respublicas Friburgensis) until the demise of the ancien régime.
The district has its own dialect, called Sensler German.
Municipalities.
It contains 19 municipalities. The municipalities are now:
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the district coat of arms is "Azure, a Guard stantant afrontee clad Azure and Sable ensigned with a Cross on sinister, holding in dexter a Halberd Argent."
Demographics.
Sense has a population () of . Most of the population () speaks German (35,275 or 92.1%) as their first language, French is the second most common (1,217 or 3.2%) and Albanian is the third (630 or 1.6%). There are 200 people who speak Italian and 14 people who speak Romansh.
, the population was 50.1% male and 49.9% female. The population was made up of 18,568 Swiss men (45.6% of the population) and 1,821 (4.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 18,786 Swiss women (46.1%) and 1,553 (3.8%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the district, 15,257 or about 39.8% were born in Sense and lived there in 2000. There were 11,390 or 29.7% who were born in the same canton, while 7,378 or 19.3% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 3,070 or 8.0% were born outside of Switzerland. 
, there were 16,738 people who were single and never married in the district. There were 18,372 married individuals, 1,914 widows or widowers and 1,275 individuals who are divorced.
There were 3,592 households that consist of only one person and 1,320 households with five or more people.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 23.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (22.4%), the SPS (18.1%) and the CSP (11.2%). 
The SVP improved their position in Sense rising to first, from second in 2007 (with 20.5%) The CVP moved from first in 2007 (with 26.0%) to second in 2011, the SPS moved from fourth in 2007 (with 14.2%) to third and the CSP moved from third in 2007 (with 16.2%) to fourth. A total of 15,267 votes were cast in this election, of which 149 or 1.0% were invalid.
Religion.
From the , 26,849 or 70.1% were Roman Catholic, while 6,913 or 18.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 356 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.93% of the population), there were 22 individuals (or about 0.06% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 712 individuals (or about 1.86% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 2 individuals (or about 0.01% of the population) who were Jewish, and 1,142 (or about 2.98% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 62 individuals who were Buddhist, 33 individuals who were Hindu and 29 individuals who belonged to another church. 1,463 (or about 3.82% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 1,058 individuals (or about 2.76% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Sense about 13,818 or (36.1%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 4,003 or (10.5%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 4,003 who completed tertiary schooling, 71.3% were Swiss men, 21.4% were Swiss women, 4.8% were non-Swiss men and 2.5% were non-Swiss women. 
The Canton of Fribourg school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school. This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude. Following the lower Secondary students may attend a three or four year optional upper Secondary school. The upper Secondary school is divided into gymnasium (university preparatory) and vocational programs. After they finish the upper Secondary program, students may choose to attend a Tertiary school or continue their apprenticeship. 
During the 2010-11 school year, there were a total of 4,970 students attending 268 classes in Sense. A total of 6,416 students from the district attended any school, either in the district or outside of it. There were 44 kindergarten classes with a total of 814 students in the district. The district had 134 primary classes and 2,587 students. During the same year, there were 86 lower secondary classes with a total of 1,531 students. There were no upper Secondary classes or vocational classes, but there were 623 upper Secondary students and 754 upper Secondary vocational students who attended classes in another municipality. The district had 4 special Tertiary classes, with 38 specialized Tertiary students.

</doc>
<doc id="5857847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857847" title="IKEA Catalogue">
IKEA Catalogue

The IKEA Catalogue (US spelling: IKEA Catalog; Swedish: Ikea-katalogen) is a catalogue published annually by the Swedish home furnishing retailer IKEA. According to Canadian broadcaster CTV, "IKEA's publications have developed an almost cult-like following online. Readers have found all kinds of strange tidbits, including mysterious cat pictures, apparent Mickey Mouse references and weird books wedged into the many shelves that clutter the catalogues."
Overview.
First published in Swedish in 1951, the catalogue is considered to be the main marketing tool of the company and, as of 2004, consumes 70% of its annual marketing budget. 
For the 2013 edition, 62 different versions of the catalogue was created for 43 countries. The 2010 edition was published in 30 languages. 
Production and distribution.
Containing over 300 pages and about 12,000 products, it is distributed both by mail and in stores. Each edition of the catalogue takes about 10 months to develop from concept to final product. 
Most of the catalogue is produced by IKEA Communications AB in Älmhult, Sweden, the site of the original IKEA store and where IKEA Communications operates the largest photo studio in northern Europe (8,000 square meters in size). As of 2012, The studio employs 285 photographers, carpenters, interior designers and other personnel working full time on photo shoots. The catalogue itself is printed on chlorine-free paper of 10-15% post-consumer waste.
Worldwide, approximately 208 million copies of the catalogue were printed in fiscal year 2013, more than double the number of Bibles expected to be printed in the same period.
Innovation.
The company began experimenting with computer-generated imagery in 2005 by placing a single computer-rendered image of a small wooden chair in the 2006 edition of the catalogue. According to Anneli Sjogren, head of photography at IKEA, customers did not notice that the chair was computer-generated. As of the 2013 edition, 12% of imagery for the IKEA catalogue, brochures and website is computer-generated. That figure is expected to rise to 25% the following year. 
Augmented reality was introduced in the 2013 edition of the catalogue. "X-ray" views through furniture compartments, videos, how-to guides and other interactive content could be accessed by scanning a symbol on the catalogue with a mobile device. The 2014 catalogue contains an augmented reality app that projects an item into a real-time photograph image of the user's room. The augmented reality app also provides an indication of the scale of IKEA objects in relation to the user's living environment.
Criticism.
In October 2012, IKEA was criticised for removing women from photos in the Saudi Arabian version of the 2013 catalogue.
"IKEA Family Live".
IKEA also publishes and sells a regular style magazine, titled "IKEA Family Live" in thirteen languages which supplements the catalogue. An English language edition for the United Kingdom was launched February 2007 with a subscription of over 500,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5857852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857852" title="Equilenin">
Equilenin

Equilenin is an estrogenic steroid hormone obtained from the urine of pregnant mares. It is used as one of the components in Premarin. It was the first complex natural product to be successfully, fully synthesized in 1940 by Alfred L. Wilds.

</doc>
<doc id="5857855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857855" title="The Monster">
The Monster

The Monster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857867" title="Kenta (musician)">
Kenta (musician)

Kenneth "Kenta" Gustafsson, (mostly known just as Kenta) (August 11, 1948 – March 3, 2003), was a Swedish musician.
Gustafsson was born in Nacka, Sweden. He grew up in Vällingby, a suburb northwest of Stockholm. Early in his life Kenta had problems with alcohol and drug addictions, which was the subject for the three documentaries by Stefan Jarl known as "The Mod Trilogy". He competed in the Swedish qualifying round for The Eurovision Song Contest in 1980 with the song "Utan att fråga", finishing sixth place. His biggest hit was "Just idag är jag stark" a song about feeling strong after struggling with addiction. He was known as a supporter of the Swedish football team Hammarby IF who adopted "Just idag är jag stark" as their anthem.
He died in Järfälla, Sweden in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5857873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857873" title="Kel Seliger">
Kel Seliger

Kelton Gray Seliger, known as Kel Seliger (born June 16, 1953), is a Republican member of the Texas State Senate representing District 31, which stretches from the Panhandle to the Permian Basin.
Background.
Born in Amarillo and reared in the Panhandle city of Borger in Hutchinson County, Seliger is a graduate of Borger public schools and Dartmouth College in Dartmouth, New Hampshire. He is co-owner and executive vice-president of Lake Steel, Inc., a steel service center. He is also a licensed commercial pilot and flight instructor.
Seliger is currently a member of the National Rifle Association, the Texas Farm Bureau, and the Harley-Davidson Owners Group.
Seliger and his wife, the former Nancy Caroline Meredith (born October 11, 1960), reside in Amarillo with their two sons, Jonathan and Matthew.
Political life.
Seliger served four terms in the nonpartisan position as mayor of Amarillo (1993–2001). He is also a former city commissioner and a former member of the Amarillo Civil Service Commission. He also served on former Texas Attorney General John Cornyn's Municipal Advisory Committee and, in 2002, he was appointed to the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission by Governor Rick Perry.
Seliger was sworn into the Texas Senate on March 2, 2004, to complete the term of Teel Bivins of Amarillo, who obtained a diplomatic appointment as United States Ambassador to Sweden from the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush. Seliger was reelected to serve a full, four-year term on November 4, 2004. The district spans twenty-six counties and includes mostly conservative voters in Amarillo, Midland, Odessa, and Big Spring.
Seliger is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, ALEC, serving as Texas state leader.
Seliger was appointed by Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst to serve as Vice-Chair of the Criminal Justice Committee for the Seventy-ninth Texas Legislature. In addition, he was appointed to the Natural Resources, International Relations and Trade, and Administration Committees.
Seliger filed and sponsored over seventy-five bills, fifty of which were passed in one form or another during the regular session of the 79th Legislature. As the vice chairman of the Senate Criminal Justice Committee, Senator Seliger passed House Bill 2577 requiring local law enforcement agencies to report to the state the reason for a peace officer's termination to protect the integrity of the state's law enforcement officers. This legislation will help prevent those peace officers with a history of poor performance or unethical behavior, termed "gypsy cops," from taking advantage of police departments that lack the resources to investigate their employment history.
Seliger's membership on the Senate Natural Resources Committee aided him in passing several important bills for West Texas. House Bill 2161 ensures that effective pipeline safety standards are in place for all construction work around oil and gas pipelines. It also establishes a program to address abandoned or orphaned oil and gas wells and includes considerations for potential future periods of decline in oil and gas prices. Additionally, House Bill 951 will establish a notice and remediation process for construction around pipelines.
The Texas Municipal League presented Seliger with its 2005 Distinguished Legislative Service Award for his dedication to protecting and promoting local control. He also received the 2005 Rural Legislator of the Year Award from the Association of Rural Communities in Texas.
Seliger won re-nomination to a full four-year term in the state Senate in the Republican primary held on March 4, 2014. He defeated attorney and former Midland Mayor Michael Jackson "Mike" Canon, Sr. (born 1946), 36,623 (52.4 percent) to 33,223 (47.6 percent).
Seliger is considered one of the most moderate of the nineteen (as of 2013) Texas Senate Republicans, along with Robert L. Duncan of Lubbock, Kevin Eltife of Tyler, Bob Deuell of Greenville, and John Carona of Dallas, according to an analysis by Mark P. Jones of the political science department at Rice University in Houston. Jones also found that these Republicans saw passage of 90 percent of the bills for which they voted. Deuell faces a runoff election on May 27, 2014, and Carona was narrowly defeated for re-nomination on March 4.
Election history.
Election history of District 31 from 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5857878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857878" title="Karl Olson">
Karl Olson

Karl Arthur Olson (July 6, 1930 – December 25, 2010) of Kentfield, California, was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox (1951, 1953–55), Washington Senators (1956–57) and Detroit Tigers (1957). He batted and threw right-handed. 
In a six-season career, Olson was a .235 hitter with six home runs and 50 RBI in 279 games played. Olson missed the 1952 season due to service in the Korean War.
Olson was an all-star player for Tamalpais High School in Mill Valley, California, where he graduated in 1948. Boston signed him in June 1948, assigning him to the Triple-A Louisville Colonels in the American Association, which farmed him out to the California League team in San Jose, the San Jose Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="5857913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857913" title="Rhomaleosaurus">
Rhomaleosaurus

Rhomaleosaurus (meaning "strong lizard") is an extinct genus of Early Jurassic (Toarcian age, about 183 to 175.6 million years ago) rhomaleosaurid pliosauroid known from Northamptonshire and from Yorkshire of the United Kingdom. It was first named by Harry Seeley in 1874 and the type species is "Rhomaleosaurus cramptoni". It was one of the earliest large marine reptile predators which hunted in the seas of Mesozoic era. Its length was about 7 m (23 ft) long. Like other pliosaurs, "Rhomaleosaurus" fed on ichthyosaurs, ammonites and other plesiosaurs.
Species.
"R. cramptoni".
In July 1848, a fossil of a large plesiosaur was unearthed in an Alum quarry at Kettleness, near Whitby, in Yorkshire, England. It was collected from the "A. bifrons" ammonite zone of the Whitby Mudstone Formation, dating to the early Toarcian age, about 183 to 180 million years ago. The complete skeleton which preserved the skull, NMING F8785, was kept for five years at Mulgrave Castle, which was then owned by the Marquess of Normanby. In 1853, the Marquess introduced the interesting finding to the eminent Irish surgeon and anatomist, Sir Philip Crampton. The same year, Crampton transferred the fossil to Dublin to be displayed as a centrepiece at the 1853 British Association annual meeting. The Zoological Society of Ireland built a specially constructed building to house the large reptile. After a decade, still remaining undescribed, the specimen moved in the Royal Dublin Society museum and officially described by Alexander Carte and W. H. Bailey as a new species of "Plesiosaurus". Carte and Bailey named the species "Plesiosaurus cramptoni" after the Irish scientist, Sir Philip Crampton. In 1874, the British geologist Harry G. Seeley, based on this finding, which is now known as the holotype of the family Rhomaleosauridae, recognized and erected a new genus establishing "Rhomaleosaurus". Only in 2006 the skull of this specimen was finally prepared and enabled a restudy of this genus.
"R. propinquus".
"R. propinquus" is known from the holotype WM 852.S, articulated almost complete skeleton which preserved the skull, exposed in dorsal view. It was collected from the "A. serpentines" ammonoid zone, of the Whitby Mudstone Formation, dating to the middle Toarcian stage, about 180-177 million years ago. "R. propinquus" was first named by Tate and Blake in 1876 as a new species of "Plesiosaurus". Watson (1910) redescribed it as a species of "Rhomaleosaurus". Adam S. Smith (2007), in his thesis on the anatomy and classification of the family Rhomaleosauridae, suggested that "R. propinquus", is a junior synonym of "Rhomaleosaurus zetlandicus". Smith and Gareth J. Dyke (2008) considered this species to be valid.
"R. thorntoni".
"R. thorntoni" is known from the holotype BMNH R4853, three-dimensional, partially complete skeleton which preserved most of the skull and mandibles. It was collected from Kingsthorp of Northamptonshire, dating to the Toarcian stage. It is the only well-known British Toarcian rhomaleosaurid discovered away from the Yorkshire coast, to date. "R. thorntoni" was first named by Andrews in 1922 and later revised by Cruickshank (1996) as a junior synonym of "R. cramptoni", alongside with "R. zetlandicus". Adam S. Smith (2007) and Smith and Gareth J. Dyke (2008) considered this species to be valid.
"R. zetlandicus".
"R. zetlandicus" is known from the holotype YORYM G503, a nearly complete skull and vertebral column in association with parts of the limbs. It was collected from the Alum Shale of Whitby Mudstone Formation, Yorkshire, dating to the Toarcian stage. "R. thorntoni" was first named by Phillips in 1854 and its skull was described in detail by Taylor (1992). Later it was revised by Cruickshank (1996) as a junior synonym of "R. cramptoni", alongside with "R. thorntoni". Adam S. Smith (2007) and Smith and Gareth J. Dyke (2008) considered this species to be valid.
Other species.
Through the years, various species have been referred to as "Rhomaleosaurus". However, according to Smith (2007), in his thesis on the anatomy and classification of the family Rhomaleosauridae, the genus "Rhomaleosaurus" has only three valid species: "R. cramptoni", "R. thorntoni" and "R. zetlandicus". Smith and Dyke (2008) also recognized "R. propinquus" as valid. Other species that previously fell under this genus were: "R. megacephalus" and "R. victor". Smith (2007) and Smith and Dyke (2008) pointed out that these species do not belong to "Rhomaleosaurus", as "R. megacephalus" is referred to "Eurycleidus" (or to a new genus by Smith and Dyke (2008)) and "R. victor" represents a new genus named "Meyerasaurus" by Smith and Vincent in 2010. Cladistic analyses by Ketchum & Benson, 2010, Benson "et al.", 2011 and Ketchum & Benson, 2011 found "R. megacephalus" to be basal to the clade containing "Rhomaleosaurus" and "Eurycleidus", thus it should be in its own, yet unnamed, genus as suggested by Smith and Dyke (2008).
Confusion with "Thaumatosaurus".
The name "Thaumatosaurus", which means 'wonder reptile', belonged to a genus of plesiosaur that was described by palaeontologist Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer, back in 1841. Meyer described the species "Thaumatosaurus oolithicus" based on partial skull, vertebral and limb remains, that found in the Posidonia Shale of Holzmaden, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 1856, Meyer published a full description of "Thaumatosaurus" and later provided figures of the specimen. Richard Lydekker (1889) regarded "Rhomaleosaurus" as a synonym of "Thaumatosaurus" because Richard Lydekker
and Harry G. Seeley "refused steadfastly to recognize the generic and specific names proposed by one another". Lydekker referred continuously to the name "Thaumatosaurus", instead of "Rhomaleosaurus". Fraas (1910) recognized both generic names in his original description of "R. victor" (now "Meyerasaurus"), but referring to the new species "Thaumatosaurus" victor. Many other researchers adopted the name "Thaumatosaurus". Today this taxon is regarded as a nomen dubium because the holotype can be referred to Pliosauroidea indet at best. The diagnostic specimens which previously were regarded as "Thaumatosaurus"'s specimens, now represent the holotypes of "Eurycleidus", "Meyerasaurus" and "Rhomaleosaurus".
Phylogeny.
Smith & Dyke, 2008 redescribed the skull of "R. cramptoni" after its final preparation. Both Rhomaleosauridae and Pliosauridae were found to be monophyletic, and the relations between "Rhomaleosaurus"'s species were tested. The cladogram below follows Smith & Dyke, 2008.
Paleobiology.
"Rhomaleosaurus" may have been able to pick up scents while submerged by forcing water through passages in its skull containing sensory organs. This adaptation would have enabled it to hunt its prey in a similar manner to some modern shark species.

</doc>
<doc id="5857916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857916" title="Faiths and Pantheons">
Faiths and Pantheons

Faiths and Pantheons is a campaign accessory for the 3rd edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons", for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting.
Contents.
It details the mechanics of the system established at the end of the Time of Troubles, in which a divine figure's relative power would be determined by the quantity of their worshipers.
"Faiths and Pantheons" also features the power levels and exact abilities of the various major deities of Faerûn (those with divine rank 15+), as of 3rd Edition, and has descriptions of the dogmas and churches of all of the intermediate deities, lesser deities, and demigods named in the setting's core rulebook. It even features the names of various monster deities and others unmentioned in the core book, with descriptions of some, as well as 20 prestige classes for player characters and non-player characters alike.
Publication history.
This book was written by Eric L. Boyd and Erik Mona and published in May 2002. Cover art is by Brom, with interior art by Glen Angus, Carlo Arellano, Brom, Dennis Calero, Michael Dubisch, Wayne England, Mark Evans, Scott Fischer, Lars Grant-West, Michael W. Kaluta, Vince Locke, Todd Lockwood, Raven Mimura, Puddnhead, Corey Macourek, Stephanie Pui-Mun Law, Wayne Reynolds, Mike Sass, Mark Smylie, Arnie Swekel, Ben Templesmith, Kev Walker, Matt Wilson, Renick Woods, and Sam Wood.
Erik Mona commented on the book's design: "The new design ethic was to focus on building the Realms into an interesting campaign setting for players and DMs, above and beyond an adherence to old material so far out of date a modern-day graduate student could have been in grade school when it first went out of print. So I did my best to infuse deities like Deneir, Selune, and even poor little Cyrrollalee with interesting, occasionally challenging ideas that they hadn't been exposed to in the long history of the Realms. When ground has been covered eleven times before, it's really tempting to just parrot older material, changing the exact wording but not worrying too much about updating the gears that make that material work. For "Faiths and Pantheons", I tried to tear some of these gods (particularly some of the lamer ones) to their core concepts and build up from there. That's not to say they're so different as to be unrecognizable--they're the same deities, but some of them have new, hopefully interesting aspects to their characters and motivations that haven't been revealed until now."

</doc>
<doc id="5857922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857922" title="St. Petronius (Michelangelo)">
St. Petronius (Michelangelo)

The statue of St. Petronius (1494–1495) was created by Michelangelo out of marble. Its height is 64 cm. It is situated in the Basilica of San Domenico, Bologna. Its subject is Saint Petronius, bishop of Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="5857928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857928" title="Otok, Split-Dalmatia County">
Otok, Split-Dalmatia County

Otok is a municipality and a village in inland Dalmatia, Croatia, located east of Sinj, approximately 7 kilometers away. Otok is bordered by the river Cetina and mountain Kamešnica. The population of Otok is 3,090, with a total of 5,474 in the municipality which includes four other villages and a hamlet (Gala, Korita, Ovrlje, Ruda, and Udovičić).

</doc>
<doc id="5857930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857930" title="To You I Pray">
To You I Pray

To You I Pray is the first collection album of contemporary hymns, praise songs, and psalm and Mass settings recorded by the Belfast-based liturgical music group Solas. It was first released in 1992, and is now distributed by GIA Publications.
"To You I Pray" is also available as a music book, containing lyrics, guitar chords and keyboard accompaniments.

</doc>
<doc id="5857938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857938" title="Neisha">
Neisha

Neisha (real name Neža Buh), born on January 5, 1982 in Ljubljana, is a Slovenian pianist and pop singer.
Being born into a music family, Neža's music talent were noticed during her childhood so she entered a music school (first in Cerkno, then in Škofja Loka) and continued at Ljubljana's High School of Music and Ballet. As she was very successful at several contests in piano music and solfeggio, the school awarded her a prestigious Škerjanc award in 2003. In 2000, she became a student of the Music Academy in Ljubljana. 
Besides the classical music she collaborated with many commercial pop and rock artists (among others Terrafolk, Big Foot Mama) as an arranger, backup vocalist or keyboard player etc. Her solo career started in 2005. Her first single, "Planet za zadet" (English version of this song was titled "Straight to the Moon"), was very well received among radio audience and due to great interest her first album, simply named "Neisha", was released two weeks earlier than initially planned. During its first week, only a turbo folk band Atomik Harmonik sold more albums but by the end of the year "Neisha" became Slovenian best sold album of 2005 although it was released in autumn. After 10 weeks of reigning the national record chart, many awards and several sold out concerts it was the best sold album of 2006 in Slovenia as well.
In 2007, Neisha released album, called "Nor je ta svet" (translated as "This world is crazy"), which was also quite successful. With her new album, Neisha continued performing in major Slovenian concert venues including such as Križanke and Cankarjev dom. She cooperated with regional big names starting with Kornelije Kovač, Vlado Kreslin, Gibonni, Massimo, Vlatko Stefanovski etc. 
The year 2010 saw the release of Neisha's newest studio album named "Krila" (translated as "Wings"). On this album she continued working with her longtime producer Dejan Radičević. The result was an album which sounded different from anything that Neisha did before. Songs are livelier, faster more intense.
Discography.
Neisha: 2005
"Record Label: Nika records, Music producer: Dejan Radičević"
Track List:
"Bonus Tracks:" 
Neisha - Special Edition (Contains “live” recordings from Cankarjev Dom): 2006
"Record Label: Nika records, Music producer: Dejan Radičević"
Track List:
-CD1-
"Bonus Tracks:"
-CD2-
"Bonus Track:"
Nor je ta svet: 2007
"Record Label: Nika records, Music producer: Dejan Radičević"
Track List:
Miles away (English compilation ): 2009
"Record Label: Dallas, Music producer: Dejan Radičević"
Track List:
Krila: 2010
"Record Label: Nika records, Music producer: Dejan Radičević"
Track List:
"Bonus:"
External links.
In Slovenian:

</doc>
<doc id="5857940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857940" title="Nathan Kimball">
Nathan Kimball

Nathan Kimball (November 22, 1822 – January 21, 1898) was a physician, politician, postmaster, and military officer, serving as a general in the Union army during the American Civil War. He was the first statewide commander of the Grand Army of the Republic veterans organization in Indiana.
Early life and career.
Kimball was born in Fredericksburg, Indiana, a small rural hamlet where he attended the local school. He attended the Washington County Seminary and then Indiana Asbury College (what is now DePauw University) from 1839 until 1841 before leaving to teach school and farm in Independence, Missouri. He studied medicine under his brother-in-law at the University of Louisville Medical School in 1844 and established a private practice in Salem and Livonia. He married Martha A. McPheeters in Washington County, Indiana, on September 22, 1845. The couple had one child, a son named James.
When the Mexican-American War erupted, Dr. Kimball volunteered his services to state, raising a company from Livonia in the 2nd Indiana Infantry and being elected as a captain. Kimball was distinguished at the Battle of Buena Vista, where he rallied his company and held them fast even as the rest of the regiment crumbled and fled in disorder. He mustered out in June 1847 and returned to Indiana, where he resumed his medical practice, expanding it to Loogootee. He was defeated for election as a Whig to the Indiana State Senate in 1847. His wife died in early 1850, and he married Emily McPheeters in August. In 1852, he again lost an election, this time for Presidential Elector. Kimball joined the newly formed Republican Party in 1854. His medical practice flourished, and he became well known in the region.
Civil War.
With the outbreak of the Civil War in 1861, Kimball again volunteered his services to Indiana and raised a company of infantry. Governor Oliver Morton named him the Colonel of the 1,143-man 14th Indiana Infantry on June 7, 1861. He led his regiment in the campaigns in western Virginia, seeing his first combat at the Battle of Cheat Mountain in the autumn.
In March 1862, he fought in the Shenandoah Valley, commanding a brigade at the Battle of Kernstown. On the second day of the fighting at Kernstown, he temporarily assumed command of the division of wounded Brigadier General James Shields, and then pushed back Stonewall Jackson in a successful counterattack. It was one of the first repulses that Jackson had suffered. In recognition of Kimball's performance, he was promoted to brigadier general on April 16, 1862. With the victory at Kernstown, Kimball had now participated in early Civil War defeats of both Robert E. Lee and Thomas J. Jackson.
In July 1862, Kimball led his regiment, the 8th Ohio Infantry, and the 7th West Virginia Infantry to join the Army of the Potomac. After adding the 4th Ohio Infantry to his brigade, Kimball was briefly stationed in Fort Monroe before covering John Pope's retreat from the Second Battle of Bull Run on September 1. During the subsequent Maryland Campaign, Kimball commanded the First Brigade of William H. French's third division in the II Corps. His men formed the right of the division during its series of assaults on the Sunken Road at the Battle of Antietam, losing over 600 men killed or wounded. Despite the severe losses, the men held their ground and eventually pushed aside the Confederates in their front, capturing 300 men and several colors. Kimball's brigade became known as the "Gibraltar Brigade" for their steadfast ability to withstand enemy fire. 
In December, his men were part of the desperate assaults ordered by Ambrose Burnside against Marye's Heights during the Battle of Fredericksburg. There, Kimball suffered a painful thigh wound that put him out of action for the winter and spring of 1863. The Gibraltar Brigade was subsequently turned over to Col. Samuel S. Carroll. In early 1863, Kimball was nominated to run for the Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, but he declined the nomination to remain in the army.
After finally recovering enough for field command, Kimball was assigned to duty in the Western Theater, reporting in June 1863 to Corinth, Mississippi, where he assumed command of a division in the XVI Corps. His was one of three divisions in that corps that were ordered to Mississippi in to join the Siege of Vicksburg, although they arrived too late to participate in much of the actual fighting. In September, the greater part of Kimball's division was ordered to Arkansas, where it became incorporated in the VII Corps. He commanded the rear echelon in the Camden Expedition. 
In April 1864, Kimball was relieved of duty in the Department of Arkansas and ordered to report to William T. Sherman, who became a close personal friend. Kimball was on detached duty under Sherman until May 1864, when he was given command of a brigade in the IV Corps at the beginning of the Atlanta Campaign. Following the Battle of Peachtree Creek in July, Kimball assumed command of a division in the same corps.
He returned to Indiana at Governor Morton's request to help subdue the Knights of the Golden Circle in that state, then returned to active field duty in the late fall, serving as a division commander in the battles of Franklin and Nashville. He received a brevet as a major general February 1, 1865, and mustered out of the army on August 24, 1865, following the close of the war.
Postbellum activities.
Kimball returned to Indiana, where he became associated with the newly organized Grand Army of the Republic, serving as its first state commander. Reentering politics, he was elected in 1867 as the State Treasurer, where he focused on banking reform and was re-elected to a second term. In 1869, he joined the Freemasons lodge in Mount Pleasant, Indiana. Kimball won election to the Indiana House of Representatives in 1873 from Marion County. His former commander in the Vicksburg Campaign, Ulysses S. Grant, appointed Kimball in 1873 as Surveyor General for the Utah Territory, a post that he held until 1878. The following year, President Rutherford B. Hayes appointed him as the Postmaster of Ogden, Utah, Kimball's adopted home. He served in this role until his death in 1898. Kimball was buried in Weber, Utah.
Honors.
A bronze bust of Kimball was erected in the Vicksburg National Military Park in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="5857951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857951" title="Miana">
Miana

Miana () is a community in Pakistan. It is derived from Mian, which is a family name and a title of nobility and used by Muslims in the Punjab region of South Asia.
History and origin.
There are two traditions as to the origin of the Miana term. According to some sources, the Miana are descendents of Mians, a term used for holymen. The word miana or mian is metathesis of "Mi'an" that is borrowed from proto Dravidian roots Meian and it also existed in Pali Language, means priest, holyman and laudable worshiper. Third wave of Aryan, held position in waste land of Gandhara whose goddess of creation was Armi'an and its chief priest was especially called "Mi'an". Sindhis are still using the same word for respectable old person or a show of sacredotel dignity.
The Miana family of Tibbi Qaisrani.
The Miana family of Mianwali city in the Punjab, claims descent from one Mian Ali, the holyman who supposedly founded Mianwali village in the 16th century. There is no grave of Mian Ali ever existed in Mianwali or adjacent areas. He came of Ghakkar family, and engraved at Ghakkar Mandi. The Grand flight of Ghakkar, his family migrated to Kunjha, Gujrat and Ghakkar Mandi. We registered the few names of area such as, Kachhi, Kachhi Mian Ali and Kachhi Thal.
The Miana clan living at Wan Bhachran originated from Pindi Bhattian. They are Bhatti (Rajputs). According their pedigree chart and the famous book Punjab ka muqadma by Hanif Ramay they are directly descended from the famous Rai Abdullah Khan Bhatti mostly known as Dulla Bhatti whose one son was sent away as punishment. Who came here and settled here along with some of his tribal subjects and started living as a landlord. He fought with the neighbouring clans and took over their land. But somehow his generations could not be prevalent here and most of them died in young ages or early adulthood. So,they are not in mass numbers here but always have been noted for their bravery and nobleness.Some of them adopted the title of Malik while others still calls themselves Mian. They are said to be Miana, because few generations ago one of their ancestors was a holyman who did not fight as the other tribals of the area did.
According to the tradition of Derajat, the Mianas are descendants of Hindus of the Arora, Bhatia and Khatri castes, that converted to Islam. This tradition is strong in the Derajat region( the districts of Dera Ismail Khan and Dera Ghazi Khan).
Descendents of Mai Safoora.
"Main Article:Descendants of Hazrat Mai Safoora Qadiriyya"
The descendents of Mai Safoora are also called Miana. Notable maina from the descent of Mai Safoora are Mian Saleh muhammad safoori, Mian Haji muhammad safoori and Mian Yousaf Tahir.
SahibZada.
SahibZada is a traditional term used by Descendants of Hazrat Mai Safoora Qadiriyya and Niazi Pathans of Mianwali.
Distribution.
The Miana are found in Mianwali city and its town of Wan Bhachran, the Miana of Bhakkar District are an offshoot of the Miana of Wan Bhachran,some Miana also lives in Layyah District, the city of Multan, city of Abdul Hakeem and the city of Dera Ismail Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="5857952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857952" title="Mount Baker National Recreation Area">
Mount Baker National Recreation Area

Mount Baker National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located in northern Washington about 15 miles south of the Canadian border within the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. 
The recreation area was established in 1984 by an act of the U.S. Congress primarily to accommodate the use of snowmobiles during the winter months on the southern slopes of Mount Baker. There are also many hiking trails in the recreation area. Mount Baker NRA is adjacent to the Mount Baker Wilderness area where snowmobiling is not permitted.

</doc>
<doc id="5857962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857962" title="Microcleidus">
Microcleidus

Microcleidus is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the plesiosaur suborder. It was about the size of a medium sized dolphin, reaching a length of . The species has 40 neck vertebrae and a short tail of 28 vertebrae.
Classification.
Species include: "Microcleidus homalospondylus" (Owen 1865) and "Microcleidus macropterus" (Seeley 1865). 
"Occitanosaurus tournemirensis" (originally ""Plesiosaurus" tournemirensis"), was named by Sciau "et al." in 1990, based on a nearly complete skeleton of an animal approximately 4 meters (13 ft) long. It was later found to be a specie sof "Microcleidus".
The following cladogram follows an analysis by Ketchum & Benson, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5857965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857965" title="Japan national handball team">
Japan national handball team

The Japan national handball team is the national handball team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Handball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5857968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857968" title="Evensong (disambiguation)">
Evensong (disambiguation)

The term evensong can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5857970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857970" title="W. Kent Fuchs">
W. Kent Fuchs

W. Kent Fuchs is the Provost of Cornell University. Fuchs was previously the Joseph Silbert Dean of the Cornell University College of Engineering (2002-2008). He also served as Head of the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Purdue University, and Michael J. and Katherine R. Birck Distinguished Professor (1996-2002), and Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and the Coordinated Science Laboratory, University of Illinois (1985-1996).
Education.
Fuchs holds a B.S.E. degree from Duke University, M. Div. degree from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, and M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois. 
Recognition.
In 1995 Fuchs was inducted as a Fellow of the IEEE for his contributions to reliable computing. In 2000 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, in 2010 he was inducted as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), and in 2014 he was inducted as a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is a member of Tau Beta Pi (Engineering Honorary Society) and Eta Kappa Nu (Electrical Engineering Honorary Society). He received the Alumni Award for Distinguished Service from the University of Illinois College of Engineering, the Distinguished Alumnus Award from the Duke University Pratt School of Engineering, and the Distinguished Alumni Award from the University of Illinois Electrical and Computer Engineering Department.
Cornell University.
Fuchs was named the 15th Provost of Cornell University in October 2008. He led in 2011 the team and strategy that resulted in the winning proposal, in partnership with Technion and New York City, to create a new graduate applied sciences campus on Roosevelt Island in New York City. The Cornell Tech campus reports to him as Provost. In 2009 Fuchs launched Cornell's reimagining initiative that resulted in mergers and realignment of several academic departments, centers, and libraries, and enhanced efficiency in administrative services. Fuchs was responsible in 2010 for the development of Cornell’s Strategic Plan and the establishment of metrics for assessing Cornell’s comparative academic excellence. Fuchs is also responsible for transforming Cornell’s budget model so that revenues are aligned with costs and resources are allocated based on metrics.

</doc>
<doc id="5857974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857974" title="Barrow Hill Plantation">
Barrow Hill Plantation

"This article is about the plantation.
For the adventure game, see Barrow Hill."
Barrow Hill Plantation was a large cotton plantation of located in central Leon County, Florida, USA established by John S. Winthrop.
Location.
Barrow Hill Plantation had 2 tracts of land. The first tract would cover what is now western sections of E. Tennessee St, eastern parts of Miccosukee Road, and Leon High School. The second tract to the east bordered Joseph John Williams' La Grange Plantation on the west and would cover what is now a part of Chaires Cross, a part of Buck Lake Road, and Interstate 10.
Plantation specifics.
The Leon County Florida 1860 Agricultural Census shows that Barrow Hill Plantation had the following:
Agents on behalf of John Winthrop:
The owner.
John S. Winthrop was a native of New Bern, North Carolina. Information shows that in 1860, Winthrop was still a legal minor. Due to the "SS Home" wreck of 1837, Winthrop was due to receive a large property inheritance originally going to Henrietta Smith, his great-grandmother and mother of the deceased Mrs. Hardy Croom of Goodwood Plantation. John Winthrop, like other planters, would feel the effects of the American Civil War and lose plantation land. Winthrop eventually built a fine home in Tallahassee in 1890.
John Winthrop's home.
The below photos are of John S. Winthrop's home at 610 N. Monroe Street in Tallahassee. The home was built in 1890 by John and his wife, Lilia Chouteau Winthrop. It later went to John's son Francis B. Winthrop and wife Gertude Chittenden Withrop who lived there from 1910-1925. Guy Winthrop and wife Ada Belle Winthrop inhabited after.

</doc>
<doc id="5857976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857976" title="Miyana">
Miyana

The Miyana are a Muslim Rajput community found in the state of Gujarat in India.
History and origin.
The Miyana are Rajputs who were converted to Islam during the rule of Allauddin Khilji in the thirteenth century. According to other traditions, they were Rajputs of Sindh who immigrated to Kutch during the period of Jadeja rule.
Present circumstances.
The Miyana are found throughout Kutch and Saurashtra. They speak both Kutchi and Gujarati. The community is sub-divided into a number of clans, the main ones being the Manek, Bhatti, Dhona, Katiya, Mover (Mahur), Ladhani, Malani, Samani, Musani,Jeda Jain, Khod, Makwana, Sadhwani, Kakkal, Baidmulla. Unlike other Muslim Rajput groups such as the Molesalam Rajput and Nayak in Gujarat, the Miyana do not practice gotra exogamy. Both parallel cousin and cross cousin marriages are preferred. The Miyana subsist by fishing and agriculture. Fishing is an important activity for the Kutch Miyana. They have their own caste association, the Sunatae Jamaat Maliya Miyana.

</doc>
<doc id="5857981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857981" title="Joseph Armstrong">
Joseph Armstrong

Joseph Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5857983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857983" title="Bob Fraser (TV producer)">
Bob Fraser (TV producer)

Bob Fraser (1945 – July 12, 2011) was an American television producer, writer and actor.
Fraser's most notable work is on the TV show "Benson", where he played a recurring role as a state senator for 6 seasons, in addition to serving as a story editor, writer, and later producer of the series (along with partner Rob Dames).
After "Benson", Fraser and Dames formed their own production company in 1987. Aligning their company with Paramount Television, Dames-Fraser Productions first produced "Marblehead Manor", a weekly syndicated sitcom with Fraser in the cast. NBC's owned-and-operated stations carried the sitcom as part of a scheme to draw more viewers to its prime-time lineup, which "Marblehead Manor" and four other sitcoms (airing on different days) immediately preceded in the 7:30 PM timeslot. After "Marblehead Manor" and three of the other four series failed after one season, Fraser created the game show "Wipeout", which debuted in September 1988 with Peter Tomarken as host; "Wipeout" was canceled at the end of the 1988-89 season and Fraser and Dames dissolved the production company and the partnership.
Fraser and Dames later were supervising producers on "Full House" and later worked on other television series and specials.

</doc>
<doc id="5857984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857984" title="Copperbelt (electoral district)">
Copperbelt (electoral district)

Copperbelt was an electoral district which returned a member to the Legislative Assembly of Yukon, Canada. In 2009 it was divided into Copperbelt South and Copperbelt North.
Election results.
2002 general election.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|949
!align="right"|100.0%
!align="right"|
2005 by-election.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|925
!align="right"|100.0%
!align="right"|
2006 general election.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1197
!align="right"|100.0%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="5857991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857991" title="Anne Onken">
Anne Onken

Anne Onken (born 1977 in Oldenburg) is a German radio presenter and comedian.
Onken was born as the daughter of a priest in Oldenburg, and started to imitate voices from an early age. Her first successful radio programme was "Die Pisa-Polizei" with N-Joy and SWR 3 in which she confronted schoolchildren on the street and asked them difficult questions from various subject areas.
In 2005 she began to imitate the voice of politician (and later Federal Chancellor) Angela Merkel on The Gerd Show. Her successful work with Elmar Brandt (who imitated Gerhard Schröder) culminated in the popular song "Im Wahlkampf vor mir liegt ein Zonenmädchen", which reached no. 25 in the German charts during the run up to the 2005 German federal elections.
Shortly before the elections the television broadcaster Sat.1 showed short sketches with Onken and Brandt. Since then Onken has been acclaimed as the best imitator of Angela Merkel in Germany.
In October 2005 The Gerd Show was replaced by a new comedy serial, "Angela - Schicksalsjahre einer Kanzlerin - Eine Frau geht seinen Weg". Like The Gerd Show, it was produced by Elmar Brandt and played by Onken using her imitation of Angela Merkel.

</doc>
<doc id="5857999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5857999" title="St. Proclus (Michelangelo)">
St. Proclus (Michelangelo)

The statue of St. Proclus (1494–1495) was created by Michelangelo out of marble. Its height is 58.5 cm. It is situated in the Basilica of San Domenico, Bologna. Its subject is Saint Proculus (Proculus), a martyr of Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="5858000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858000" title="Vitória da Conquista">
Vitória da Conquista

Vitória da Conquista, Bahia, is a city in Bahia, Brazil, which serves as a regional center for the smaller cities Barra do Choça, Planalto and Poções. These cities on the plateau, all at around elevation, form the basis of a strong, traditional, coffee-producing region, as well as a rapidly expanding center for new businesses. 
Vitória da Conquista (known as simply "Conquista" by locals—in order to differentiate it from the city of Vitória in the state of Espírito Santo) is the third largest city in the state of Bahia, after the state’s capital, Salvador, and Feira de Santana. Its population, according to IBGE (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics) was 308,204 in April 2007. It was named after the colony of Vitória da Conquista.
Climate.
The city has a tropical savanna climate ("Aw", according to the Köppen climate classification), relatively dry and moderated in temperature by the elevation. It closely borders a subtropical highland climate ("Cwa/Cwb"). The altitude of the city itself varies between 857 meters (2811 feet) and 950 meters (3116 feet). Precipitation from April to August is often characterized by fine, misty rain, while heavier rains fall from October to March. Winters (July through October) tend to lack much precipitation but are cool and humid, with cold air coming up to the plateau from the ocean and often producing fog.
Mean temperature varies from a low of 17.8 °C (64 °F) in July to 21.8 °C (71 °F) in March. Mean rainfall ranges from 17.9 mm (.7 inches) in July to 127.8 mm (5 inches) in December. (1961-1990 trends from Hong Kong Observatories). 
The vegetation ranges from very dry and coarse (1,000 meters and above) to an array of grasses, ferns and palms at slightly lower elevations on the plateau. This is the coffee-growing elevation (MEDEIROS, Ruy H. A., Notas Críticas ao livro "O Município da Vitória" de Tranquilino Torres, p. 87).
Foundation.
Vitória da Conquista was founded in 1783, after several battles against the native Imboré and Mongoió tribes by João Gonçalves da Costa, born in Chaves, Trás-os-Montes, Portugal.
Costa had been sent to Brazil by the king of Portugal, Joseph I, to fight the natives, conquer their land, and then convert them to Christianity. He founded The Arraial da Conquista ("Conquest Town") on the site of the last battle and began the building of a church in honour of the Holy Mother of Victory.
At the same time, João Gonçalves da Costa ordered the construction of two of the principal roads in the state of Bahia, one from Vitória da Conquista to the city of Ilhéus on the coast and another from Vitória da Conquista to the Jequitinhonha River in Minas Gerais. Today, the latter road has become part of the larger federal highway system, and is known as the "Rio-Bahia".
Business and Trade.
The major economic activities are commerce, medical services, and coffee growing. The city is home to the main campus of Southwest Bahia State University.
The business atmosphere is energetic and in full blown expansion mode. From larger businesses such as Grupo Marinho de Andrade (Teiú and Revani), Coca-Cola, Dilly Calçados (shoes), Umbro, BahiaFarma and Café Maratá, to the smallest cottage industries, the area continues to attract strong interest. The best place for holding events in the city is the Miraflores Arena.
The entrepreneurial Ymborés Industrial Park (Centro Industrial dos Ymborés) lies on the outskirts of the city along with industries such as ceramics, granite/marble, shoes, toilet valves, cleaning products, bedding, and many others. Micro industries produce safes, candles, clothing, packaging, and hundreds of other products for local consumption and export.
As a business center, Vitoria da Conquista serves the entire southwestern region of the state of Bahia and the northern part of the state of Minas Gerais.
Curiosities.
In the pyramids of Egypt, a soldier from the UNO task force wrote with his bayonet on a rock: "God Save Vitória da Conquista!"
Vitória da Conquista is served by Pedro Otacílio Figueiredo Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5858008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858008" title="Sheena (TV series)">
Sheena (TV series)

Sheena is an American action-adventure/fantasy television series which was produced for first-run syndication from 2000 to 2002.
Based upon W. Morgan Thomas's comic book character Sheena, Queen of the Jungle, which previously spawned a popular 1950's TV series of the same title; this turn-of-the-millennium version updated its title character to the 21st century. There were two seasons, containing 22 and 13 episodes. It starred "Baywatch" veterans Gena Lee Nolin and John Allen Nelson, and was developed for television by Douglas Schwartz ("Baywatch's" co-creator) and Steven L. Sears. In this version, Sheena was given the mystical ability to transform into almost any jungle animal; she also spoke whole sentences, unlike Irish McCalla's interpretation of the character. Several episodes from the first season are available to view for free in Minisode format on Crackle, as well as on Hulu.
Sheena's parents were archaeologists who died in the jungle when she was about six years old, orphaning their daughter Shirley Hamilton (as explained in the episode "Stranded in the Jungle"; otherwise, Sheena remembers nothing of her parents, or of her pre-Africa childhood). She was taken in by Kali, a local Shamaness of a tribe who brought her up; five years ago, she was taught how to morph into birds and other animals...thus acquiring their abilities, up to and including flight. Moreover, she became a mythical creature called "The Darak'na" who relies on people' fear of the unknown. For this, she covers herself in a dark liquid mud which allows her to be largely unseen in the low light of the jungle. With above-average strength, agility and speed - and armed with a pair of bone-clawed gloves - she is a formidable one-woman fighting force. She does kill sometimes.
In the first episode she meets Matt Cutter who runs a safari business by air, water and land. In his youth, Cutter had a promising career as a football player till a knee injury ruined it (he has no apparent injury now). He joined the CIA, being code-named "Jericho" and fought as a mercenary. He was a first class sniper but an accident meant he killed an innocent person which caused him to abandon his old life for the life he now leads.
On their first meeting, Sheena is not sure what side Cutter is on, as she is a protector of the jungle and Cutter seems willing to do anything for money. He is unknowingly helping criminals. Within several episodes Cutter had become more responsible, and less booze and money orientated. Sometimes there is some chemistry between Sheena and Cutter and other times she seems to just use him. This is notable in an episode where she meets an old "Agency" friend of Cutters and sleeps with him, something she has not been seen doing with Cutter.
Mendelsohn is a run down buddy of Cutter's who services his plane and does odd jobs for him. The three come up against the local petty tyrant, would be dictators, small armies, a police officer who cannot wholly be trusted, evil tribesmen, evil foreigners, people from their past, assorted traps, etc.
Episodes.
Season 1.
1. "Pilot"- Matt Cutter is in for a life changing experience when he meets Sheena.
2. "Fallout"-An American satellite crashes near by, and the information is sought after by the Russians and the troops of the corrupt president N'Gama.
3. "Revenge of the Jirds"-Sheena and Cutter try to find out who's smuggling mice-like creatures called jirds into the country.
4. "A Rite of Passage"-An ugly secret from Kali's past reemerges on Sheena's birthday.
5. "Tourist Trap"-Terrorists steal a dangerous virus and hold Cutter's tourist group hostage.
6. "Buried Secrets"-Sheena and Cutter are trapped in a cave while investigating an area from Sheena's childhood. And they aren't alone...
7. "Lost Boy"- A runaway military school student leads a tribe against N'Gama's troops.
8. "Wild Thing"-Cutter and Kali must rescue a half transformed Sheena.
9. "Doing as The Romans"- Sheena and Cutter go undercover to rescue a woman from becoming one of N'Gama's wives.
10. "Children of the LaMistas"-An old enemy from the past leads Sheena and Cutter to a gene splicing nightmare...
11. "Prey"-Sheena and Cutter try to stop a group of hunters who target endangered species, but find themselves as prey.
12. "Divas of the Jungle"-Cutter is hired to guide a photographer and models through the jungle. But the photographer is what he seems...
13. "Forbidden Fruit"-Sheena and Cutter turn on each other after eating a mysterious fruit.
14. "The Fool Monty"-A documeter ends up causing a tribal war while searching for the Darak'na.
15. "Sanctuary"-Sheena and Cutter try to help refugees reach a sanctuary, only to get involved with a fight against the warlord's soldiers.
16. "Jewel"
17. "Friendly Fire"
18. "Between a Rock and a Hard Place"
19. "Tyler Returns"
20. "Unsafe Passage"
21. "Marabunta"
22. "Cult of One"
DVD releases.
Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has released both seasons on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time. Season 1 was released on June 5, 2012, while season 2 was released on July 3, 2012. These are Manufacture-on-Demand (MOD) releases, available via Amazon.com, DVDEmpire.com & Warner Archive Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5858018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858018" title="Oregon Inlet">
Oregon Inlet

Oregon Inlet is an inlet along North Carolina's Outer Banks. It joins the Pamlico Sound with the Atlantic Ocean and separates Bodie Island from Pea Island, which are connected by a 2.5 mile bridge that spans the inlet. As one of the few access points to the ocean along this stretch of coast, Oregon Inlet is a major departure point for charter fishing trips, with a nearby harbor serving as the base for many large boats that travel miles out towards the Gulf Stream almost every day. The area is also home to a U.S. Coast Guard station.
History.
Oregon Inlet was formed when a hurricane lashed the Outer Banks in 1846, separating Bodie Island from Pea Island. One ship that rode out that storm in Pamlico Sound was named the "Oregon". After the storm the crew members of this ship were the first to tell those on the mainland about the inlet's formation. Hence, it has been known as "Oregon" Inlet ever since.
Akin to many other inlets along the Outer Banks, Oregon Inlet moves southward due to drifting sands during tides and storms. It has moved south over two miles since 1846, averaging around 66 feet per year.
Coast Guard station.
The Coast Guard station at Oregon Inlet is currently located at its fourth site since it began as a lifesaving station in 1883. It was one of 29 lifesaving stations Congress approved and appropriated funds for a decade earlier. By 1888, the Oregon Inlet Station had to be relocated to a new site. It is assumed that this relocation was necessary because of the shifting of the channel to the south and the encroachment of the ocean from the east. The station was decommissioned and moved to a new safer location some 400 feet westward toward the sound.
Less than a decade later a storm totally destroyed the Oregon Inlet Station. By 1897, a new station was under construction and was completed in 1898 for less than $7,000. As part of a modernization program in 1933-34, the Oregon Inlet Station was extensively modified to look very much like it does today. In 1979, a new extension was added. By 1988, the station was completely abandoned when the southward migration of the Oregon Inlet threatened to swallow it.
In July 1990, a ceremonial ground breaking was held for a new $3.5 million building, located just behind the Oregon Inlet Fishing Center, on the north side of the inlet. The new station was designed with the traditional architectural design of older stations located on the Outer Banks in mind.
Herbert C. Bonner Bridge.
Oregon Inlet is spanned by North Carolina Route 12 over the Herbert C. Bonner Bridge, a bridge built in 1963.
Prior to the building of the bridge, Hatteras Island was only accessible by air or ferry. Ferries could carry a maximum of 2,000 people per day. The ferries cost the state $0.5 million per year to operate, and there were very long lines waiting for the ferries during peak season. The Bonner Bridge cost $4 million to build and moves up to 14,000 cars a day in both directions. Of that amount, the state of North Carolina paid $1.5 million, and the federal government paid $2.5 million. The arrangement for a portion of the state's cost to be paid by the National Park Service was arranged by Rep. Herbert C. Bonner, for whom the bridge is named.
The environmental impact on the bridge and road was not fully understood at the time of construction, and now constant beach erosion, severe weather and high volume of traffic continually forces the state to protect the integrity of the road system. As much as $50 million was spent between 1987 and 1999 to repair and protect the Bonner Bridge and NC 12 from the ocean. The bridge was due for replacement by the early 1990s but construction on the new bridge has been continually held back by environmental lawsuits brought by the Southern Environmental Law Council.
The Bonner Bridge was expected to have a thirty-year lifespan. The bridge handles about 2 million cars per year, and the state DOT ranks it a 4 on a scale of 1 to 100, with 100 being the safest.
In October 1990, a dredge collided with the bridge during a storm, causing severe damage to several of the spans. While isolated, Hatteras Island could only be accessed by boat or plane for many weeks while emergency construction was underway to replace its only highway link to the mainland.
The Federal Highway Administration has approved the plan to replace the bridge over Oregon Inlet that connects with Pea Island and lies within the Cape Hatteras National Seashore. The final alignment of the bridge has not yet been determined. Once a final alignment is chosen, construction of the new bridge, which will be longer and curve farther inland, will begin. It will cost approximately $1.3 billion and should by completed by 2014, although it is likely to be later. On July 26, 2011 NCDOT awarded a $215.8 million contract to replace the bridge. In September 2013 the last of the legal obstacles were handled after a judge ruled in favor of the new bridge to be constructed. Construction was set to begin in early 2013 but was halted once again after an appeal was filed by the SELC. The new bridge should open to traffic in spring 2015 and the majority of the existing bridge will be demolished by 2016 (a portion will remain as a fishing pier).
On December 3, 2013, NCDOT closed the bridge due to immediate safety concerns. Routine sonar scanning of the bridge identified scouring concerns, or areas where too much sand has eroded from the support structure of the bridge. “Closing the Bonner Bridge is necessary to keep all travelers safe, but we know it will have a devastating effect on the people who live along and visit the Outer Banks,” said NCDOT Secretary Tony Tata. “We will work to safely reopen this vital lifeline quickly, and hope to be able to begin construction on a new bridge as soon as possible.” Until it is safe to reopen, The NCDOT Ferry Division will provide emergency support to move people and cars across the Pamlico Sound. After sand was dredged to support some of its pilings, the bridge reopened to traffic on December 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5858021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858021" title="KLRN">
KLRN

KLRN, virtual and VHF digital channel 9, is a PBS member television station located in San Antonio, Texas, United States. The station is owned by the Alamo Public Telecommunications Council (formerly the Southwest Texas Public Broadcasting Council). KLRN maintains studio facilities located on Broadway Street in downtown San Antonio, and its transmitter is located on Foster Road (near Calaveras Lake) in the southeastern part of the city.
The station also serves as the default PBS member station for the Laredo market, which does not have one of its own.
History.
The station first signed on the air on September 10, 1962; it was founded by the Southwest Texas Public Broadcasting Council. Unusually for television stations of that time, it was licensed to serve "two" markets – San Antonio and the market to its adjacent northeast, Austin. This was due in part because Austin had been allocated UHF channel 18 for non-commercial use, and UHF was not considered viable at the time (television set manufacturers were not required to equip televisions with UHF tuners until the Federal Communications Commission passed the All-Channel Receiver Act in 1961, however UHF tuners would not included on all newer sets until 1964).
KLRN's transmitter was located roughly halfway between San Antonio and Austin on land located just north of New Braunfels, a major suburb of San Antonio. The station's main studios were located at the Jesse H. Jones Communications Center in Austin, on rented space at the University of Texas. Its San Antonio operations were based at a satellite studio located at Cambridge Elementary School until 1968, when it moved to rented space at the Institute of Texan Cultures on the HemisFair grounds.
Much of KLRN's schedule was carried by fellow PBS station KEDT in Corpus Christi, which had separate ownership from KLRN, during that station's first few years, following its sign-on in October 1972. Because of this arrangement, KLRN was also available to cable providers in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, some 250 miles from San Antonio.
In 1979, the Council signed on KLRU in Austin as a satellite of KLRN. In 1984, the Southwest Texas Public Broadcasting Council severed the electronic ties between its two stations and activated a new transmitter tower for KLRN in San Antonio. It also formed separate governing boards for the two stations. In 1987, the two stations finally went their separate ways when the Southwest Texas Public Broadcasting Council split itself into two community organizations, with KLRN coming under the Alamo Public Telecommunications Council. In 1994, it moved to its current studio facility on Broadway Street, within a renovated former Buick dealership.
Digital television.
Digital channels.
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
KLRN discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 9, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition VHF channel 8 to its analog-era VHF channel 9.
Notable programming.
Some of the notable programs produced (in the Austin studio) by KLRN over the years included "Carrascolendas" and "Villa Alegre", both children's programs about Hispanic culture that aired during the 1970s. KLRN also produced "Austin City Limits" until 1984, when KLRU split off into a separate station from KLRN and took over production responsibilities for that program.

</doc>
<doc id="5858027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858027" title="Jeffrey Dvorkin">
Jeffrey Dvorkin

Jeffrey A. Dvorkin (born September 15, 1946 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian-American journalist.
A former Vice President of News and ombudsman for National Public Radio, Dvorkin moved to the United States in 1997 following a lengthy career with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in Toronto and Montreal, where he was Managing Editor and Chief Journalist for CBC Radio.
Since the early 1990s, Dvorkin has served as an international consultant and educator, advocating for a free press along with colleagues from around the world. Dvorkin is also a past president of the Organization of News Ombudsmen and served as the Executive Director for ONO from 2009 to 2013. He is a board member of the Canadian Journalism Forum on Violence and Trauma and the International News Safety Institute - two groups working to improve physical and psychological conditions for journalists working on stressful or dangerous assignments.
While serving as NPR's ombudsman, Dvorkin authored a popular and well-regarded column on issues pertaining to journalistic ethics. He also co-authored with Prof. Alan G. Stavitsky of the University of Oregon the Ethics Guide for Public Radio under the auspices of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, for which Dvorkin has contributed a number of studies on objectivity and balance. He recently co-authored a paper on Media Ethics and Management with Kashmir Birk and presented it to a conference held in October 2012, under the auspices of the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism at the University of Oxford.
In 2006, Dvorkin was named Executive Director of the Committee of Concerned Journalists based in Washington, D.C. and professor at the Missouri School of Journalism. Dvorkin resigned in July 2007 to be an adjunct professor of media ethics and faculty adviser for four student newspapers at Georgetown University in Washington, DC.
In August 2008, he was named to be the Rogers Communications Distinguished Visiting Professor of Journalism and Professor of Distinction at Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada.
He now holds the position of Lecturer and Director of the Journalism Program at the University of Toronto (Scarborough) which is a joint program with Centennial College.
Dvorkin blogs at Now The Details and frequently appears as a media analyst. Dvorkin is also an advisor to the Canadian Journalism Forum on Violence and Trauma, a group involved with the mental health issues of journalists in general and war correspondents in particular.
In May 2009, Dvorkin was named first Executive Director of the Organization of News Ombudsmen, at ONO's annual conference that year in Washington, DC. In 2010, he went to Guinea and Niger on behalf of the US Department of State to help journalists in those countries prepare to cover the first free elections in their history. In 2011 Dvorkin was asked to speak at a UNESCO conference in Paris on media self-regulation. In June 2011, he went to Chisinau, Moldova for a conference - also on media self-regulation - hosted by the Council of Europe.
Dvorkin graduated from the University of Alberta with an Honours B.A. in History and French. He has an M.A. in Modern European History from the University of Toronto and a Masters of Philosophy in International History from the London School of Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="5858035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858035" title="Coyote Springs">
Coyote Springs

Coyote Springs is used in several ways including:

</doc>
<doc id="5858039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858039" title="Joseph Armstrong (engineer)">
Joseph Armstrong (engineer)

Joseph Armstrong (born Bewcastle, Cumberland, 21 September 1816, died Matlock Bath 5 June 1877) was a British locomotive engineer and the second locomotive superintendent of the Great Western Railway. His younger brother George and one of his sons ("Young Joe") also became outstanding engineers in the employment of the GWR.
Career.
Early years to 1847.
After a spell in Canada, in 1824 Joseph's family took up residence in Newburn-on-Tyne, where his father Thomas became a bailiff to the Duke of Northumberland. Joseph attended Bruce's School in Newcastle, where Robert Stephenson had also been a pupil. In 1823 Robert Stephenson, in collaboration with his father George, had set up his locomotive works in the city. Moreover, Newburn was at one end of the Wylam Waggonway, where the sight of the famous locomotives Puffing Billy and Wylam Dilly must have inspired young Joseph's enthusiasm as an engineer. Newburn also had colliery railways worked by stationary engines, and it was at one of these, Walbottle Colliery, that Armstrong found his first employment.
As well as their acquaintance with the Stephensons, an important contact for the Armstrongs was the Methodist philanthropist Timothy Hackworth, who in 1825 became first locomotive superintendent of the brand-new Stockton and Darlington Railway. Through Hackworth, the teenage Armstrong may have gained experience driving locomotives on the Stockton and Darlington, and it has been suggested that Hackworth was probably a strong influence on his notably humane religious and social outlook when later in a position of great responsibility at Swindon Works on the Great Western.
Meanwhile, continuing to gain hands-on experience with the pioneering steam locomotives of the time, at the age of 20 (1836) Armstrong was employed by Edward Woods as a driver on Stephenson's Liverpool and Manchester Railway, moving four years later to a similar post on the Hull and Selby Railway, where he was promoted to the post of foreman and became acquainted with the forward-looking locomotive designs of John Gray. On following Gray to Brighton Works in 1845, Armstrong also got to know another pioneering locomotive engineer of the period, David Joy.
Saltney and Wolverhampton, 1847–64.
In 1847 Armstrong was appointed assistant locomotive superintendent to Edward Jeffreys, on the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway (S&CR), whose repair works was at Saltney. When Jeffreys left in April 1853, Armstrong was promoted to Locomotive Superintendent. Also in 1853, the S&CR pooled its locomotives with the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway (S&BR), and Armstrong became responsible for the combined fleet, moving to the ex-S&BR repair shops close to Wolverhampton (High Level) station, where he appointed his younger brother, George as his assistant and works manager.
On 1 September 1854, the S&CR and S&BR amalgamated with the Great Western Railway (GWR), whose locomotive workshops were at Swindon. The two smaller railways became the newly established Northern Division of the GWR. Armstrong remained in his position (although he now reported to Daniel Gooch, who was based at Paddington), and a larger works was established at Wolverhampton to replace the former S&BR premises.
The ex-S&CR and ex-S&BR locomotives were the first standard-gauge locomotives to be owned by the GWR. All these had been supplied by independent locomotive manufacturers, but the GWR Board wished to have future standard-gauge locomotives built at Wolverhampton. Since Wolverhampton was not yet equipped for new construction, Swindon began building standard-gauge locomotives in 1855, which were to the designs of Gooch; some of these were built by outside manufacturers. In 1859, Wolverhampton also began building locomotives, to the designs of Armstrong, who had been given a certain degree of autonomy.
Swindon, 1864–77.
In 1864, Gooch resigned the post of Superintendent of Locomotive Engines, and Armstrong was promoted to replace him; in addition to Gooch's locomotive duties, Armstrong was also made responsible for carriages and wagons, which was reflected in his new job title, that of Locomotive, Carriage and Wagon Superintendent. As with Gooch, his responsibilities encompassed the Northern Division, which he was happy to devolve to his younger brother, George.
Arriving at Swindon, Armstrong embarked his onerous duties with a zeal that would eventually prove too much for even his sturdy health. A characteristic Victorian paterfamilias, he was diligent and strict, intolerant of corruption and injustice, yet philanthropic and generous to those who worked hard. In addition to his railway duties he was much involved in the everyday life of New Swindon. He was a lay preacher for the Methodists, while also ensuring that the town had churches of all denominations. He was president of the Mechanics' Institute, founded by Gooch but much expanded under Armstrong, and from 1864 till his death was Chairman of the Swindon New Town Board. He was involved with the Medical Fund Society, the Sick Fund Society, the town Water Works, and the Cottage Hospital with its associated mutual benefit societies.
The 1860s and 70s were a time of expansion for the Great Western Railway. After the Gauge Commission had decided in 1846 against the expansion of the broad gauge, most new routes were laid to standard gauge only. Armstrong's job included maintaining the large stock of broad gauge locomotives, many of which had to be renewed or replaced, and also (from 1868) designing a large number of new standard gauge locomotives for service on the rapidly increasing amount of standard and mixed gauge track. In a wider sense he was in charge of all the company's rolling stock, as well as the work and well-being of some 13,000 employees all over the GWR network.
In 1877 Joseph started to show signs of heart trouble. He was reluctant to stop work, but eventually agreed to take a convalescent holiday in Scotland. This came too late, however, and he died of a heart attack at Matlock Bath while travelling north. His funeral on 7 June was one of the most memorable in Swindon's history: 2,000 workers came from the Works, and another 100 from Wolverhampton, as well as many from elsewhere on the GWR system. There were outsiders, too, such as William Stroudley from Brighton; in all some 6,000 people crowded into St Mark's churchyard, where an obelisk to the memory of Armstrong and two of his sons can still be seen just to the east of the church.
Children.
Joseph married Sarah Burdon in 1848. They had nine children, four of whom were apprenticed at Swindon:
In 1873 the GWR built a large family house for the Armstrongs, Newburn House, located south-east of Swindon Works and station. Dean and Churchward both subsequently lived there, but the childless Colletts chose to live elsewhere, and Newburn House was demolished in 1937. The present-day Newburn Crescent is on the site.
Locomotives.
The locomotives of the Armstrongs are relatively little known today, compared to the epoch-making work of Gooch and the turn-of-century elegance of Dean's best designs. Most Armstrong engines were withdrawn by the time of the Second World War, many long before, and none was preserved. One writer has suggested that there is in fact not a huge amount to say about them, simply because they were so orthodox and consistently well-designed. At the same time, "...it is fair to say that he left the Great Western better provided with sound engines for every class of traffic than any other railway in Britain, and probably in the world."
All of Joseph's engines were six-wheelers:

</doc>
<doc id="5858040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858040" title="School of the Future (New York City)">
School of the Future (New York City)

School of the Future is a public secondary school located at 127 East 22nd Street at Lexington Avenue, in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It serves grades 6 through 12 and is a part of the New York City Department of Education, and accepts students from citywide. The School of the Future, a small school, was founded in 1990 with funding by Apple Inc. with an admissions process dependent on student application and interview. It is a member of the Coalition of Essential Schools, a league of schools dedicated to small class sizes and student-centered learning. In 2005, School of the Future was chosen as a national mentor school of CES as part of a Gates Foundation funded effort to improve schools nationwide.
Philosophy and curriculum.
School of the Future's curriculum encourages students to be independent through internships with local companies, non-profits, and civic institutions. Classes are sometimes taught through a two-year curriculum; students may have some of their teachers for two academic years. The high school follows a block schedule and students have a full day of classes for their entire stay at the school. Graduation requires four years of Humanities (English and Social Studies primarily, with occasionally courses from other disciplines such as Philosophy and Visual Arts); four years of Math and Science; and two years of foreign language (Spanish). The juniors and seniors are considered the "Senior Institute" which provides more choice to students in their studies, allowing them to pick from an array of Humanities courses. The Math sequence consists of Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II/Trigonometry, and Pre-calculus/Calculus in the 12th grade. The Science sequence includes Integrated Science, Biology, Chemistry, and Physics. Students can choose to take elective classes in a variety of subjects: art, science, math, and Spanish. Students must demonstrate technology proficiency in their regular classes. The school’s advisory program serves as a family group and guidance resource.
Exhibitions and portfolio roundtables.
As an alternative to taking New York State Regents tests, School of the Future allows its high school (grades 9-12) students to write extensive papers, similar to college theses. These are called Exhibitions. Middle school (grades 6-8) students have Portfolio Roundtables, or PRT's, which are portfolios which contain the student's best work. In addition to the PRT's middle school students write an eight page essay explaining why they are ready for high school.
The student body.
Between the middle school and high school about 658 students attend SOF. The student population is greatly diverse (ethnically, economically, academically, and geographically), with students attending from all five boroughs of the City. SOF has been recognized by Clara Hemphill as a top public school in New York City, partially due to the consistent accomplishment of nearly 100% of the school's graduating class being accepted to a college or university.
Sports.
Although located in Manhattan and unable to have a "home field" for sporting events, the school has eight Varsity and two JV teams. Teams include Baseball (Boys), Basketball (Boys & girls teams), Soccer (Boys & Girls teams), Softball (Girls), and Volleyball (Boys & girls teams). All of the SOF sports teams are part of the Public School Athletic League (PSAL) and are in their respective "B" conferences, except Girls Varsity Basketball and Soccer. Though recognized as a small Manhattan school, the sports teams have made the playoffs in various years, however, no team has won the city championship. Some upsets include wins against Washington Irving and Stuyvesant High School, both with more than 2,500 students.
Building.
The building in which School of the Future is located was constructed in 1915 as the Manhattan Trade School for Girls, and was later the Mabel Dean Bacon Vocational High School. The 11-story building was designed by C. B. J. Snyder.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5858044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858044" title="Nova Scotia Route 201">
Nova Scotia Route 201

Route 201 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in the Annapolis Valley and runs from Annapolis Royal to Kingston. Heading west from its junction with Trunk 1 the route follows the southern banks of the Annapolis River through the communities of Nictaux, Lawrencetown, and Paradise before crossing over Highway 101 into the town Bridgetown. After exiting the town the route continues west where it terminates at a junction with Route 8 in the town of Annapolis Royal.
The highway is designated a bicycle route.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5858050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858050" title="Micky Woodward">
Micky Woodward

Michael "Micky Mouse" Woodward is a former chairman and twice former manager of Grays Athletic Football Club. He appointed himself as manager in the 2006-07 season, before installing Andy King after two games.
Woodward appointed himself manager for the second time after Justin Edinburgh left the club by mutual consent on 20 February 2008. He stepped down as chairman and manager on 13 September 2008, but later partially retracted his statement and only resigned as manager.
He then confirmed that he would step down as chairman of Grays Athletic on 8 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5858053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858053" title="Association of Canadian Mountain Guides">
Association of Canadian Mountain Guides

"These initials may also mean the American College of Medical Genetics."
The Association of Canadian Mountain Guides is Canada's only internationally recognised mountain guide association. The Association has over 700 members, and coordinates internationally recognised training and certification programmes.
The ACMG is a registered non-profit society with an elected, volunteer executive. The association and its activities are funded solely by membership dues and donations.
History.
The ACMG was formed in 1963 with the encouragement of Parks Canada. In 1972, the ACMG became the first non European member of the International Federation of Mountain Guides Associations (IFMGA), the international body that sets professional standards for mountain guides worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5858067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858067" title="Shee Water">
Shee Water


</doc>
<doc id="5858072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858072" title="Ribeirão das Neves">
Ribeirão das Neves

Ribeirão das Neves ("Stream of Snow") is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Belo Horizonte. The population in 2010 was 296,317.

</doc>
<doc id="5858078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858078" title="Reconstruction Amendments">
Reconstruction Amendments

The Reconstruction Amendments are the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth amendments to the United States Constitution, adopted between 1865 and 1870, the five years immediately following the Civil War. The amendments were important in implementing the Reconstruction of the American South after the war. Their proponents saw them as transforming the United States from a country that was (in Abraham Lincoln's words) "half slave and half free" to one in which the constitutionally guaranteed "blessings of liberty" would be extended to the entire populace, including the former slaves and their descendants.
The Thirteenth Amendment (proposed and ratified in 1865) abolished slavery. The Fourteenth Amendment (proposed in 1866 and ratified in 1868) included the privileges and immunities clause, applicable to all citizens, and the due process and equal protection clauses applicable to all persons. The Fifteenth Amendment, (proposed in 1869 and ratified in 1870) prohibits discrimination in voting rights of citizens on the basis of "race, color, or previous condition of servitude." This amendment did not include a specific prohibition on discrimination on the basis of sex; it took another amendment—the Nineteenth, ratified in 1920—to prohibit such discrimination explicitly. Men and women of all races, regardless of prior slavery, could vote in some states of the early United States, such as New Jersey, provided that they could meet other requirements, such as property ownership.
These amendments were intended to guarantee freedom to former slaves and to establish and prevent discrimination in civil rights to former slaves and all citizens of the United States. The promise of these amendments was eroded by state laws and federal court decisions over the course of the 19th century. Women were prohibited by some state constitutions and laws from voting, leading to Susan B. Anthony attempting to vote in New York in the 1872 Presidential election as an act of civil disobedience. In 1876 and later, some states passed Jim Crow laws that limited the rights of African-Americans. Important Supreme Court decisions that undermined these amendments were the "Slaughter-House Cases" in 1873, which prevented rights guaranteed under the Fourteenth Amendment's privileges or immunities clause from being extended to rights under state law; and "Plessy v. Ferguson" in 1896 which originated the phrase "separate but equal" and gave federal approval to Jim Crow laws. The full benefits of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth amendments were not realized until the Supreme Court decision in "Brown v. Board of Education" in 1954 and laws such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Thirteenth Amendment.
The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution abolished slavery and involuntary servitude, except as punishment for a crime. It was passed by the U.S. Senate on April 8, 1864, and, after one unsuccessful vote and extensive legislative maneuvering by the Lincoln administration, the House followed suit on January 31, 1865. The measure was swiftly ratified by all but three Union states (the exceptions were Delaware, New Jersey, and Kentucky), and by a sufficient number of border and "reconstructed" Southern states, to be ratified by December 6, 1865. On December 18, 1865, Secretary of State William H. Seward proclaimed it to have been incorporated into the federal Constitution.
Slavery had been tacitly protected in the original Constitution through clauses such as the Three-Fifths Compromise, in which three-fifths of the slave population was counted for states' apportionment, or representation in the United States House of Representatives. Prior to the Thirteenth Amendment, more than sixty years had passed since the last amendment to the Constitution (the Twelfth) had been successfully ratified. Though many slaves had been declared free by Lincoln's 1863 Emancipation Proclamation, their legal status after the Civil War was uncertain.
Though the Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery throughout the United States, Black Codes and selective enforcement of statutes such as vagrancy laws continued to subject many black Americans to involuntary labor, particularly in the South. In contrast to the other Reconstruction Amendments, the Thirteenth Amendment has rarely been cited in later case law, but has been used to strike down debt peonage and some race-based discrimination. Congress first responded to the Black Codes by passing an act extending the life of the Freedman's Bureau and widening its powers so that it could nullify work agreements forced on freedmen under the Black Codes. The Thirteenth Amendment is the basis in the 21st century for the authority for Congress to pass laws against sex trafficking and other modern forms of slavery.
Fourteenth Amendment.
The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was proposed by Congress on June 13, 1866. By July 9, 1868, it had received ratifications by the legislatures of the required number of states in order to officially become the Fourteenth Amendment. On July 20, 1868, Secretary of State William Seward certified that it had been ratified and added to the federal Constitution. The amendment addresses citizenship rights and equal protection of the laws, and was proposed in response to issues related to treatment of freedmen following the war. The amendment was bitterly contested, particularly by Southern states, which were forced to ratify it in order to return their delegations to Congress. The Fourteenth Amendment, particularly its first section, is one of the most litigated parts of the Constitution, forming the basis for landmark decisions such as "Roe v. Wade" (1973), regarding abortion, and "Bush v. Gore" (2000), regarding the 2000 presidential election.
The second, third, and fourth sections of the amendment are seldom, if ever, litigated. The fifth section gives Congress enforcement power. The amendment's first section includes several clauses: the Citizenship Clause, Privileges or Immunities Clause, Due Process Clause, and Equal Protection Clause. The Citizenship Clause provides a broad definition of citizenship, overruling the Supreme Court's decision in "Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857), which had held that Americans descended from Africans could not be citizens of the United States. The Privileges or Immunities Clause has been interpreted in such a way that it does very little. While "Section 2 of the Fourteenth Amendment reduces congressional representation for states that deny suffrage on racial grounds," it was not enforced after southern states disfranchised blacks in the late 19th and early 20th centuries (see below, at Fifteenth Amendment). While Northern Congressmen in 1900 raised objections to the inequities of southern states being apportioned seats based on total populations when they excluded blacks, Southern Democratic Party representatives formed such a powerful block that opponents could not gain approval for change of apportionment.
The Due Process Clause prohibits state and local government officials from depriving persons of life, liberty, or property without legislative authorization. This clause has also been used by the federal judiciary to make most of the Bill of Rights applicable to the states, as well as to recognize substantive and procedural requirements that state laws must satisfy.
The Equal Protection Clause requires each state to provide equal protection under the law to all people within its jurisdiction. This clause was the basis for the US Supreme Court's ruling in "Brown v. Board of Education" (1954), that racial segregation in public schools was unconstitutional, and its prohibition of laws against interracial marriage, in its ruling in "Loving v. Virginia" (1967). 
This amendment was the foundation of elements of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (this also relied on the 15th Amendment), legislation to end legal segregation in the states and to provide for oversight and enforcement by the federal government of citizens' rights to vote without discrimination. It has also been referred to for many other court decisions rejecting unnecessary discrimination against people belonging to various groups.
Fifteenth Amendment.
The Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits the federal and state governments from denying a citizen the right to vote based on that citizen's "race, color, or previous condition of servitude". It was ratified on February 3, 1870, as the third and last of the Reconstruction Amendments.
By 1869, amendments had been passed to abolish slavery and provide citizenship and equal protection under the laws, but the narrow election of Ulysses S. Grant to the presidency in 1868 convinced a majority of Republicans that protecting the franchise of black voters was important for the party's future. After rejecting more sweeping versions of a suffrage amendment, Congress proposed a compromise amendment banning franchise restrictions on the basis of race, color, or previous servitude on February 26, 1869. The amendment survived a difficult ratification fight and was adopted on March 30, 1870. After blacks gained the vote, the Ku Klux Klan directed some of their attacks to disrupt their political meetings and intimidate them at the polls, to suppress black participation. In the mid-1870s, there was a rise in new insurgent groups, such as the Red Shirts and White League, who acted on behalf of the Democratic Party to violently suppress black voting. While white Democrats regained power in southern state legislatures, through the 1880s and early 1890s, numerous blacks continued to be elected to local offices in many states, as well as to Congress as late as 1894.
From 1890 to 1910, all the states of the former Confederacy passed new constitutions and other laws that incorporated methods to disfranchise blacks, such as poll taxes, residency rules, and literacy tests administered by white staff, sometimes with exemptions for whites via grandfather clauses. When challenges reached the Supreme Court, it interpreted the amendment narrowly, ruling based on the stated intent of the laws rather than their practical effect. The results in voter suppression were dramatic, as voter rolls fells: nearly all blacks, as well as tens of thousands of poor whites in Alabama and other states, were forced off the voter registration rolls and out of the political system, effectively excluding millions of people from representation. Democratic state legislatures passed racial segregation laws for public facilities and other types of Jim Crow restrictions. During this period of political struggle, the rate of lynchings in the South reached an all-time high.
In the twentieth century, the Court interpreted the amendment more broadly, striking down grandfather clauses in "Guinn v. United States" (1915). It took a quarter century to finally dismantle the white primary system in the "Texas primary cases" (1927–1953). With the South having become a one-party region after the disfranchisement of blacks, Democratic Party primaries were the only competitive contests in the states. But Southern states reacted rapidly to Supreme Court decisions, often devising new ways to continue to exclude blacks from voter rolls and voting; most blacks in the South did not gain the ability to vote until after passage of the mid-1960s federal civil rights legislation and beginning of federal oversight of voter registration and district boundaries. The Twenty-fourth Amendment (1964) forbade the requirement for poll taxes in federal elections; by this time five of the eleven southern states continued to require such taxes. Together with the US Supreme Court ruling in "Harper v. Virginia State Board of Elections" (1966), which forbade requiring poll taxes in state elections, blacks regained the opportunity to participate in the American political system. 

</doc>
<doc id="5858085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858085" title="John Kern (Canadian politician)">
John Kern (Canadian politician)

John Kern from Moose Jaw was the leader of the Green Party of Saskatchewan. He was elected May 27, 2006, and after his resignation due to personal circumstances was succeeded by Sandra Finley of Saskatoon on Oct 14, 2006. [http://www.greenpartysask.ca/GPS_The_People.htm

</doc>
<doc id="5858089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858089" title="Genealogies of the Nobles">
Genealogies of the Nobles

Genealogies of the Nobles (; transliterated: Ansab al-Ashraf) is a history book related to Islam, authored by Ahmad Ibn Yahya al-Baladhuri (d. 892 CE).
Overview.
This was the second great historical work of al-Baladhuri, of which he is said to have written forty parts when he died. Of this work the eleventh book has been published by Wilhelm Ahlwardt (Greifswald, 1883), and another part is known in manuscript (see Journal of the German Oriental Society der Deutschen Morgenländischen Gesellschaft, vol. xxxviii, pp. 382–406).
The modern publication history of the 'Ansab' is a complicated one; several teams of editors have worked on separate, rival editions. The only complete edition is the new Damascus one (Dar al-Yaqazah, 1996-), published in 25 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="5858096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858096" title="Charles D. Owen High School">
Charles D. Owen High School

Charles D. Owen High School is a public high school within the Buncombe County Schools System, located at 99 Lake Eden Road in Black Mountain, North Carolina. Its current principal is Meg Turner.
Facts.
Owen High School's mascot is the Warhorse, and the school colors are maroon and grey. There are 68 teachers on the staff at OHS and the student to teacher ratio is 13:3. There are currently 14 teachers at Owen high school with the honor of having a National Board Certification.
History.
The school was created in 1955 with the consolidation of Black Mountain High School and Swannanoa High School. It was named for prominent local textile tycoon and fashion designer Charles D. Owen. Black Mountain High School's mascot was the Dark Horses and Swannanoa high school's mascot was the Warriors, thus creating Owen High's mascot, the Warhorse. In 1991, a new school building was built on land donated by the Presbyterian Home for Children. The old Owen High School building now houses Owen Middle School.
Athletics.
Owen is well known for its football program which has accumulated a record (as of 9/26/08) and has captured 17 conference championships in its football history. The women's cross-country program won the state title in 1998 and the men's team brought home the state title in 2004, 2005, 2007, and 2008. The softball team also took home the state championship back-to-back in both 2000 and 2001. Warhorse baseball has made an appearance in the state championship three times, most recently in 2005, but has failed to win. Men's and women's basketball both have one state championship appearance apiece. Owen athletes have won individual titles in various years in swimming, track, and wrestling. In 2009, the JV cheerleading team won the state title. In 2010, the varsity cheerleading team received a 1st runner up state title in the large varsity non-tumble division and won state in 2012. The Warhorses have various west regional, conference, and county championships, be it individual or team, in each of their programs. Hall of Fame coach Roy Williams began his basketball coaching career at Owen High School from 1973-78.

</doc>
<doc id="5858111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858111" title="Pat Durham">
Pat Durham

Patrick Wayne "Pat" Durham (born March 10, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Dallas Mavericks in the 2nd round (35th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft.
Durham played two years in the NBA for the Golden State Warriors and Minnesota Timberwolves. His best year as a pro came during the 1994–95 season as a member of the Timberwolves, appearing in 59 games and averaging 5.1 ppg. Durham played collegiately at Colorado State University.
Durham also played professionally in Europe. and he played for STB Le Havre in France for the 2005–06 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5858130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858130" title="Alfred Berger">
Alfred Berger

Alfred Berger (August 25, 1894 – June 11, 1966) was an Austrian pair skater.
In 1922 and 1924 he and Helene Engelmann were pair skating world champions. They were Olympic champions in 1924.
Results.
with Helene Engelmann

</doc>
<doc id="5858136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858136" title="Early Times">
Early Times

Early Times is a brand of Kentucky whiskey distilled in Shively, Kentucky by the Brown-Forman Corporation, one of the largest North American-owned companies in the spirits and wine business. The company also markets Jack Daniel's, Southern Comfort, Finlandia Vodka, Tuaca, Woodford Reserve Bourbon, Canadian Mist, Old Forester, Korbel champagne, and Chambord.
While Early Times is marketed outside the U.S. as bourbon, the whiskey does not meet all the U.S. regulated criteria for bourbon — and hence, is marketed within the U.S. as whiskey (rather than as bourbon whiskey). In 2010, Brown-Forman introduced "Early Times 354" in the US, which meets the regulated criteria for straight whiskey.
History.
The Early Times Whisky brand production started at Early Times Station, Kentucky. The Kentucky water surrounding the "Station" was used for making the whiskey. The water naturally filtered through limestone springs. Early Times was not popular until 1920 when Congress passed the Volstead Act and Prohibition began. The brand prospered due to its maker having a license to continue production.
The Brown-Forman Company acquired the Early Times brand in 1923, and over the next 30 years made Early Times the best-selling whisky in the country. Today the brand is sold in over 40 countries. It ranks as one of the top four selling bourbons in the world, and in 2005 it became the top selling Kentucky whisky in Japan.
Production and products.
The brand is currently owned by Brown-Forman and is produced at the Brown-Forman Distillery in Shively, Kentucky. Most of the Early Times which is now sold in the U.S. cannot legally be labeled as a bourbon whiskey within the U.S., so it is labeled as "Kentucky Whisky". Some of the spirits in Early Times are aged in used barrels, while bourbon must be aged in new barrels according to the legal requirements for bourbon sold within the U.S. It is bottled at 40% alcohol by volume.
Marketing activity.
In 1987, Brown-Forman contracted with Churchill Downs to market Early Times mint juleps as the "official drink" of the Kentucky Derby. Over 100,000 Early Times Mint Juleps are sold during Derby Week each year. The highest-priced mint juleps at the event use bourbon from the Brown-Forman sister brand, Woodford Reserve, which is marketed as the "official bourbon" of the Kentucky Derby.

</doc>
<doc id="5858140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858140" title="Arnold Paole">
Arnold Paole

Arnold Paole ("Arnont Paule" in the original documents; an early German rendition of a Serbian name or nickname, perhaps Арнаут Павле, "Arnaut Pavle"; died c. 1726) was a Serbian hajduk who was believed to have become a vampire after his death, initiating an epidemic of supposed vampirism that killed at least 16 people in his native village of Meduegna (also rendered as Metwett; likely a German rendition of Serbian "Medveđa", not to be confused with the modern Southern Serbian town of Medveđa), located at the Morava river near the town of Paraćin.
Paole's case, similar to that of Petar Blagojevich, became famous because of the direct involvement of the Austrian authorities and the documentation by Austrian physicians and officers, who confirmed the reality of vampires. Their report of the case was distributed in Western Europe and contributed to the spread of vampire belief among educated Europeans. The report and its significance for the subsequent eighteenth century vampire controversy are nowadays explained with the poor understanding of the process of corpse decomposition at the time.
Knowledge of the case is based mostly on the reports of two Austrian military doctors, Glaser and Flückinger, who were successively sent to investigate the case.
Background.
Serbian Emperor Stephen Uroš IV - Dušan The Great strictly forbids exhumation, staking and burning supposed "Vampires". This is detailed in Czar Dušan's Law Edict of 1349 - 3rd Serbian Constitution, Article No. 20. (1st Serbian Constitution 1219 "Zakonopravilo" by Prince Rastko-Sava Nemanjić later Saint Sava, 2nd Serbian Constitution by King Stefan Uroš II Milutin).
Punishment to the local authority and community was a hefty fine of 500 Perpers (a medieval currency in Serbia used along with the Dinar), and stripping the local priest of title and the right to practice... "as judged by my imperial court." (This is 400 years prior to Habsburg Empress Maria Theresa's ban in the 18th century.) There is a question on timing of the code introduced in 1349, which coincidentally happens to be at the same time of the "Black Death" plague. This devastating period of unexplained (at the time) circumstances of death left great paranoia amongst populace across Imperial Serbia during reign of Dušan the Great, and the rest of the European continent. No studies so far have made clear connections between vampirism and the outbreak of the "Black Death," but the timing of the "Article 20" introduction may well be the earliest attempts to control and contain the plague and other infectious diseases—what might have been interpreted in Medieval Serbia as vampirism. At present, no known written records survive of King Milutin's 2nd Constitution of Serbia, referenced later in Dušan's Law "Dušanov Zakonik" of 1349. Such records would allow confirmation if previous references actually existed to a ban on "vampire hunting" and exhumation of corpses. No recordings on such practices exist in the 1st Serbian Constitution "Zakonopravilo" from 1219.
<>Fill gap between 1349 and next recordings in 18th century Kingdom of Serbia incorporated within Habsburg Empire.</>
With the Treaty of Passarowitz ("Požarevac", 1718), the Habsburg Monarchy annexed most of Serbia and the northern part of Bosnia, territories which had been part of the Ottoman Empire. These remained in Austrian control until the Treaty of Belgrade (1739), when the Austrians were forced to cede them back to the Turks. During this 20-year period, these newly conquered boundary districts were subject to direct military rule from Vienna for strategic, fiscal and other reasons. As a result of the devastation brought about by previous Austrian-Ottoman wars, these areas were in poor condition, with a scarce and partly nomadic population, little agriculture and an emphasis on cattle-breeding. The Austrian authorities sought to further economic development and to attract German-speaking Serbian settlers to the new territories. Many of the Serbs, especially those who had immigrated from Ottoman-held areas, were recruited as militiamen (hajduks) for the peacetime protection of the borders and for regular military service at war, in exchange for unalienable lots of land. It was in these communities that the earliest well-documented alleged vampire attacks were attested.
The first outbreak.
This outbreak is only known from Flückinger's report about the second epidemic and its prehistory. According to the account of the Medveđa locals as retold there, Arnold Paole was a hajduk who had moved to the village from the Turkish-controlled part of Serbia. He reportedly often mentioned that he had been plagued by a vampire at a location named Gossowa (perhaps Kosovo), but that he had cured himself by eating soil from the vampire's grave and smearing himself with his blood. About 1725, he broke his neck in a fall from a haywagon. Within 20 or 30 days after Paole's death, four persons complained that they had been plagued by him. These people all died shortly thereafter. Ten days later, villagers, advised by their "hadnack" (a military/administrative title) who had witnessed such events before, opened his grave. They saw that the corpse was undecomposed "and that fresh blood had flowed from his eyes, nose, mouth, and ears; that the shirt, the covering, and the coffin were completely bloody; that the old nails on his hands and feet, along with the skin, had fallen off, and that new ones had grown". Concluding that Paole was indeed a vampire, they drove a stake through his heart, to which he reacted by groaning and bleeding, and burned the body. They then disinterred Paole's four supposed victims and performed the same procedure, to prevent them from becoming vampires.
The second outbreak.
About five years later, in the winter of 1731, a new epidemic occurred, with more than ten people dying within several weeks, some of them in just two or three days without any previous illness. The numbers and the age of the deceased vary somewhat between the two main sources.
Glaser's report on the case states that by 12 December, 13 people had died in the course of six weeks. Glaser names the following victims (here rearranged chronologically): Miliza (Serbian "Milica", a 50 year-old woman); Milloi (Serbian "Miloje", a 14 year-old boy); Joachim (a 15 year-old boy); Peter (Serbian "Petar", a 15 day-old boy); Stanno (Serbian "Stana", a 20 year-old woman) as well as her newborn child, which Glaser notes was buried "behind a fence, where the mother had lived" due to not having lived long enough to be baptized; Wutschiza (Serbian "Vučica", a nine year-old boy), Milosova (Serbian "Milosava", a 30 year-old wife of a hajduk), Radi (Serbian "Rade", a 24 year-old man), and Ruschiza (Serbian "Ružica", a 40 year-old woman). The sick had complained of stabs in the sides and pain in the chest, prolonged fever and jerks of the limbs. Glaser reports that the locals considered Milica and Stana to have started the vampirism epidemic. According to his retelling, Milica had come to the village from Ottoman-controlled territories six years before. The locals' testimony indicated that she had always been a good neighbour and that, to the best of their knowledge, she had never "believed or practiced something diabolic". However, she had once mentioned to them that, while still in Ottoman lands, she had eaten two sheep that had been killed by vampires. Stana, on the other hand, had admitted that when she was in Ottoman-controlled lands, she had smeared herself with vampire blood as a protection against vampires (as these had been very active there). According to local belief, both things would cause the women to become vampires after death.
According to Flückinger's report, by the 7th of January, 17 people had died within a period of three months (the last two of these apparently after Glaser's visit). He mentions Miliza ("Milica", a 69 year-old woman, died after a three-month illness); an unnamed 8 year-old child; Milloe ("Miloje", a 16 year-old boy, died after a three-day illness); Stana (a 20 year-old woman, died in childbirth after a three-day illness, reportedly said that she had smeared herself with vampire blood) as well as her stillborn child (as Flückinger observes, "half-eaten by the dogs due to a slovenly burial"); an unnamed 10-year-old girl; Joachim (a 17 year-old, died after a three-day illness); the "hadnack" 's unnamed wife; Ruscha ("Ruža" – variant of "Ružica" – a woman, died after a ten-day illness); Staniko ("Stanjko", a 60 year-old man); Miloe ("Miloje", the second victim of that name; a 25-year-old man); Ruža's child (18 days old); Rhade ("Rade", a 21 year-old servant of the local hajduk corporal, died after a three-month long illness); the local standard-bearer's ("bajraktar" 's) unnamed wife, apparently identical to Milošova in the other report along with her child; the eight week-old child of the "hadnack"; Stanoicka ("Stanojka", a 20 year-old woman, the wife of a hajduk, died after a three-day illness). According to her father-in-law Joviza ("Jovica"), Stanojka had gone to bed healthy 15 days previous, but had woken up at midnight in terrible fear and cried that she had been throttled by the late Miloje. Flückinger states that the locals explain the new epidemic with the fact that Milica, the first to die, had eaten the meat of sheep that the "previous vampires" (i.e. Paole and his victims from five years prior) had killed. He also mentions, in passing, the claims that Stana, before her death, had admitted having smeared herself with blood to protect herself from vampires and would therefore become a vampire herself, as would her child.
The investigation.
The villagers complained of the new deaths to oberstleutnant Schnezzer, the Austrian military commander in charge of the administration. The latter, fearing an epidemic of pestilence, sent for Imperial Contagions-Medicus (roughly, Infectious Disease Specialist) Glaser stationed in the nearby town of Paraćin. On 12 December 1731, Glaser examined the villagers and their houses. He failed to find any signs of a contagious malady and blamed the deaths on the malnutrition common in the region as well as the unhealthy effects of the severe Eastern Orthodox fasting. However, the villagers insisted that the illnesses were caused by vampires. At the moment, two or three households were gathering together at night, with some asleep and others on the watch. They were convinced that the deaths wouldn't stop unless the vampires were executed by the authorities, and threatened to abandon the village in order to save their lives if that wasn't done. Failing Glaser consented to the exhumation of some of the deceased. To his surprise, he found that most of them were not decomposed and many were swollen and had blood in their mouths, while several others who had died "more" recently (namely Vučica, Milošova, and Rade) were rather decomposed. Glaser outlined his findings in a report to the Jagodina commandant's office, recommending that the authorities should pacify the population by fulfilling its request to "execute" the vampires. Schnezzer furthered Glaser's report to the Supreme Command in Belgrade (the city was then held by Austrian forces). The vice-commandant, Botta d'Adorno, sent a second commission to investigate the case.
The new commission included a military surgeon, Johann Flückinger, two officers, lieutenant colonel Büttner and J. H. von Lindenfels, along with two other military surgeons, Siegele and Johann Friedrich Baumgarten. On the 7th of January, together with the village elders and some local Gypsies, they opened the graves of the deceased. Their findings were similar to Glaser's, although their report contains much more anatomical detail. The commission established that, while five of the corpses (the "hadnack" 's wife and child, Rade, and the standard-bearer's wife and child) were decomposed, the remaining twelve were "quite complete and undecayed" and exhibited the traits that were commonly associated with vampirism. Their chests and in some cases other organs were filled with fresh (rather than coagulated) blood; the viscera were estimated to be "in good condition"; various corpses looked plump and their skin had a "red and vivid" (rather than pale) colour; and in several cases, "the skin on ... hands and feet, along with the old nails, fell away on their own, but on the other hand completely new nails were evident, along with a fresh and vivid skin". In the case of Milica, the hajduks who witnessed the dissection were very surprised at her plumpness, stating that they had known her well, from her youth, and that she had always been very "lean and dried-up"; it was only in the grave she had attained this plumpness. The surgeons summarized all these phenomena by stating that the bodies were in "the vampiric condition" ("das Vampyrenstand").
After the examination had been completed, the Gypsies cut off the heads of the supposed vampires and burned both their heads and their bodies, the ashes being thrown in the Morava river. The decomposed bodies were laid back into their graves. The report is dated 26 January 1732, Belgrade, and bears the signatures of the five officers involved.
On the 13th of February, Glaser's father, Viennese doctor Johann Friedrich Glaser, who was also a correspondent of the Nuremberg journal "Commercium Litterarium", sent its editors a letter describing the entire case as his son had written to him about it already on the 18th of January. The story aroused great interest. After that, both reports (especially Flückinger's more detailed version) and the letter were reprinted in a number of articles and treatises.
A modern scientific explanation.
In fact, all of the phenomena described are characteristic of corpses at certain stages of decomposition. Ruddiness is common, non-coagulated blood is often present and may be seen escaping from the orifices, and both nails and the outer layers of the skin peel off. See "Decomposition" for more details.

</doc>
<doc id="5858148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858148" title="Louis W. Goodman">
Louis W. Goodman

Louis W. Goodman is an academic in the field of international relations and the former Dean of the School of International Service at American University. He has held the position since 1986. He is a past president of The Association of Professional Schools of International Affairs. 
M.A., Ph.D., Northwestern University
B.A., Dartmouth College
Louis Goodman has been Professor and Dean of the School of International Service since 1986 and in 1992 served as the President of the Association of Professional Schools of International Affairs. Prior to assuming this position, he directed the Latin America Program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and the Latin America and Caribbean Program at the Social Science Research Council and served on the faculty of Yale University’s Sociology Department. The author of numerous books and articles, Dr. Goodman’s current research focuses on democracy-building and civilian control of the armed forces in Latin America. His Small Nations, Giant Firms: Capital Allocation Decisions in Transnational Corporations (Holmes and Meier: 1987) discusses the determinants of capital allocation decisions in transnational corporation and the impact of transnational corporations on national development. The Military and Democracy in Latin America (D.C. Heath-Lexington: 1990) and Lessons from the Venezuelan Experience (Johns Hopkins: 1995) are volumes he has co-edited which focus on the role of the military in political and economic development. His publications also include works on international affairs education including International Affairs Education on the Eve of the 21st Century (APSIA, 1994). 
References.
Short academic biography

</doc>
<doc id="5858152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858152" title="Arambourgiania">
Arambourgiania

Arambourgiania is a pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) of Jordan. It was one of the largest members of this group.
In the early forties, a railway worker during repairs on the Amman-Damascus railroad near Russeifa found a two feet long fossil bone. In 1943 this was acquired by the director of a nearby phosphate mine, Amin Kawar, who brought it to the attention of a British archeologist, Fielding, after the war. This generated some publicity — the bone was even shown to Abdullah I of Jordan — but more importantly, it made the scientific community aware of the find.
In 1953 the fossil was sent to Paris, where it was examined by Camille Arambourg of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle. In 1954, he concluded the bone was the wing metacarpal of a giant pterosaur. In 1959, he named a new genus and species: "Titanopteryx philadelphiae". The genus name meant "titan wing" in Greek; the specific name refers to the name of Amman in Antiquity: Philadelphia. Arambourg let a plaster cast be made and then sent the fossil back to the phosphate mine; this last aspect was later forgotten and the bone was assumed lost. 
In 1975 Douglas A. Lawson, studying the related "Quetzalcoatlus", concluded the bone was not a metacarpal but a cervical vertebra.
In the eighties, Russian paleontologist Lev Nesov was informed by an entomologist that the name "Titanopteryx" had already been given by Günther Enderlein to a fly from the Simulidae family in 1934. Therefore, in 1987 he renamed the genus into "Arambourgiania", honouring Arambourg. However, the name "Titanopteryx" was informally kept in use in the West, partially because the new name was assumed by many to be a nomen dubium.
Early 1995, paleontologists David Martill and Eberhard Frey traveled to Jordan in an attempt to clarify matters. In a cupboard of the office of the Jordan Phosphate Mines Company they discovered some other pterosaur bones: a smaller vertebra and the proximal and distal extremities of a wing phalanx — but not the original find. However, after their departure to Europe engineer Rashdie Sadaqah of the mine investigated further and in 1996 established it had been bought from the company in 1969 by geologist Hani N. Khoury who had donated it in 1973 to the University of Jordan; it was still present in the collection of this institute and now could be restudied by Martill and Frey.
The holotype, VF 1, consists of a very elongated cervical vertebra, probably the fifth. Today the middle section is missing; the original find was about 62 centimetres long, but had been sawed into three parts. Most of the fossil consists of an internal infilling or mould; the thin bone walls are missing on most of the surface. The find had not presented the whole vertebra; a piece was absent from its posterior end as well. Frey and Martill estimated the total length to have been 78 centimetres, using for comparison the relative position of the smallest shaft diameter of the fifth cervical vertebra of "Quetzalcoatlus". From this again the total neck length was extrapolated at about three metres. From the relatively slender vertebra the length dimension was then selected to be compared to that of "Quetzalcoatlus", estimated at 66 centimeters long, resulting in a ratio of 1.18. Applying that ratio to the overall size, Frey and Martill in 1998 concluded that the wingspan of "Arambourgiania" had been twelve to thirteen metres, compared with the ten to eleven metres of "Quetzalcoatlus", and that "Arambourgiania" was thus the largest pterosaur then known. Later estimates have been more moderate, sometimes as low as seven metres.
Frey and Martill rejected the suggestion that "Arambourgiania" was a nomen dubium or identical to "Quetzalcoatlus" and affirmed its validity in relation to "Titanopteryx".
Nesov in 1984 had placed the species within Azhdarchinae, part of the Pteranodontidae; the same year Kevin Padian placed it within Titanopterygidae. Both concepts have fallen into disuse now that such forms are commonly assigned to the Azhdarchidae.

</doc>
<doc id="5858154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858154" title="Fender Performer">
Fender Performer

The Fender Performer was an electric guitar designed for rock and metal guitarists in the mid-1980s. The Performer was also available as an electric bass.
Origins.
The Performer was first introduced in 1985, and was assembled in Japan. It was introduced in the transition from the CBS-owned Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company to the new privately owned Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, and it was discontinued after only one year. The unusual body and headstock shapes have been rumored to have originated in the shape of the scrap wood leftover from making Japanese Stratocasters. The design of the body horns appears to be based on the flat portion of the back of the Stratocaster body.
Features.
The body is small with a deep double cutaway similar to the fender swinger. The tuning machines are found on the upper edge of the triangular headstock and a locking nut clamps the strings behind a plastic nut, as typically found on Fender guitars. The rosewood fretboard has 24 jumbo frets and features a locking nut. The bridge is a floating System I tremolo. The controls have inset rubber grips, the tuning heads have fully enclosed gears, and the jack socket is an enclosed, not 'skeleton', type, in contrast to many other Fender products with 'economy' hardware. A variety of metallic poly finishes were available including a sunburst pattern (non-metallic). 
The two pickups are custom humbuckers which both sit at an angle as in the case of a Stratocaster or Telecaster bridge pickup. It appears that the coils are offset to keep the magnets in line with the strings, although they are potted in epoxy so the magnets cannot be seen. The guitar features a volume knob, a tone knob, a 3-way pickup selector switch, and a coil tapping switch. The tone knob used stacked 250k and 1M pots with center detent which may have been a predecessor to the TBX tone control used in later Fender models.
Collectibility.
Many years after the introduction of the instrument, it came to be recognized as a versatile rock instrument of fine quality. Recent eBay auctions (as of 2010) have seen Fender Performers command prices as much as US$1,000 and higher.

</doc>
<doc id="5858165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858165" title="Proculus of Bologna">
Proculus of Bologna

Saint Proculus of Bologna or Saint Proculus the Soldier (died c. 304 AD) is an Italian saint. He is said to have been a Roman officer who was martyred at Bologna under Diocletian. He is usually shown in art with an axe.
The Bolognese have held Proculus in veneration from very ancient times. His remains are preserved in the church of San Procolo in Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="5858168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858168" title="Annette Peacock">
Annette Peacock

Annette Peacock (born in 1941) is an American composer, arranger, producer, musician, writer, singer.
Biography.
Born in 1941 in Brooklyn, New York, Annette Peacock began composing at age four. Her mother was a violist in the San Diego and Philadelphia Philharmonic Orchestras.
At 19, Annette married jazz bassist Gary Peacock. At the beginning of the 60's she toured with Albert Ayler, studied Zen Macrobiotics with Michio Kushi, and was a close associate of Timothy Leary at the psychedelic center in Millbrook.
In 1964, pianist Paul Bley first began featuring her avant-garde compositions - ultimately on over 60 records. At the end of the 1960s she and Bley became strongly associated with the musical possibilities of the newly-emergent synthesizer. Given a prototype by Robert Moog Annette is thought to have been the first to use one to process her voice. As well as playing electric bass, elec. piano and elec. vibraphone - most notably at Town Hall, and a concert produced by Annette at Philharmonic Hall, Lincoln Center (NY) which she promoted with spots on late night TV and a guest appearance on The Tonight Show starring Johnny Carson.
In 1968/69 she recorded "Revenge" - its release thwarted by Polydor till 1971. It's now been remastered, repackaged, and retitled "I Belong To A World That's Destroying Itself." (track3) and released on her own ironicrecords label. This was followed by "Dual Unity" and "Improvisie" on which she performes with Paul Bley and Han Bennink. These two live albums were produced by Annette and are primarily instrumental.
In 1971 "I'm The One" was recorded (voted by the journalists of WIRE magazine as one of the top 100 records that "set fire to the world") and released by RCA in 1972. when she appeared as a "Hologram" in a collaboration and show with Salvador Dalí. After which came the first gap of six years until her next release "X-Dreams", when she was also recording with Allan Holdsworth on Bill Bruford's first solo project, the prog-rock/jazz fusion classic "Feels Good to Me", followed by her next album "The Perfect Release", 1979.
She launched her own indie label "ironicrecords" in the UK with the single "Sky-skating", and issued four albums from 1981 to 1988 (see discography) distributed by Rough Trade.
Producer Manfred Eicher commissioned Annette in 1997 to compose a project for string quartet and herself on piano and voice. After 3 years of composing and arranging, and a recording silence of 12 years, "An Acrobat's Heart" was released in 2000 by ECM. This followed ECM's 1997 double CD tribute to Annette's 1964 - 1969 catalog of compositions: "Nothing Ever Was, Anyway - Music of Annette Peacock".
Her song "My Mama Never Taught Me How to Cook" was included in the soundtrack of director Kevin Smith's 1998 film "Chasing Amy".
At the beginning of 2006, she started-up her own label again "ironic US" with an unpromoted release "31:31". At the same time the result of her collaboration with Coldcut, "Just for the Kick", was released on their current album "Sound Mirrors" distributed by Ninja Tune.
Her music has also been recorded by David Bowie, Brian Eno, Mick Ronson, Al Kooper, Pat Metheny, Busta Rhymes, J-Live, RZA, Ghostface Killah, Morcheeba...

</doc>
<doc id="5858170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858170" title="Gonzalo Aguirre Beltrán">
Gonzalo Aguirre Beltrán

Gonzalo Aguirre Beltrán (January 20, 1908, Tlacotalpan, Veracruz–1996, Xalapa, Veracruz) was a Mexican anthropologist known for his studies of marginal populations. His work has focused on Afro-Mexican populations. He was the director of the National Indigenous Institute and as Assistant Secretary for Popular Culture and Extra Curricular Education he was responsible for forming policy towards indigenous populations. For this reason he is important in the field of applied anthropology.

</doc>
<doc id="5858177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858177" title="Pathfinder (2007 film)">
Pathfinder (2007 film)

Pathfinder (also known by the alternate title "Pathfinder: The Legend of the Ghost Warrior") is a 2007 American epic action film directed by Marcus Nispel, distributed by 20th Century Fox, and stars Karl Urban, Clancy Brown, Ralf Möller, Moon Bloodgood, Russell Means, Jay Tavare, and Nathaniel Arcand. It is a loose remake of an Oscar-nominated 1987 Norwegian movie of the same name although the geographic setting and peoples involved are very different.
"Pathfinder" takes place in "Vinland" (the Eastern Seaboard of Pre-Columbian North America) and the story involves a fictional conflict between the Native Americans and Viking marauders from across the Atlantic Ocean, who have come to the Americas in search of colonization.
"Pathfinder" received a widely negative critical reception upon release and was not successful at the box office, although the film did enjoy much better home video sales whereby the studio recouped its costs and developed a small cult status. It was also adapted into a graphic novel by Dark Horse Comics.
Plot.
During the Dark Ages, a raiding party of Vikings led by an unnamed "great Viking warrior" arrived in the Americas with the intention of plunder and colonizing the "cursed" land. In so doing they planned on slaughtering a local Native American tribe, the "Thule" or "Skræling" as the Vikings call them are considered inferior, primitive and true savages and they wish to "cleanse" the land before they settle there. While slaughtering a native village, the Viking leader orders his son, only a twelve year-old boy, to join in the carnage and the boy refuses. In return the boy is beaten and whipped.
After their longship is shipwrecked the Vikings are caught unaware and attacked by another native tribe, the Wampanoag, who call themselves the "People of The Dawn", and are massacred themselves. The sole survivor is the Viking leader's traumatized blond-haired son, who is discovered in the wreckage among the frozen corpses of slaves by a native woman who adopts him as her own, after seeing a white horse by the wreckthere is a prophecy that a "creature swift of foot and white as snow" would bring about a time of great change. The boy is named "Ghost" for his paleness, and many of the tribe struggle to accept him because of his similarity to the "demons who have never seen sunlight".
Fifteen years later Ghost (Karl Urban) still lives among them in relative happiness, yet remains tormented by his dreams, which along with his different appearance to the other tribesmen, interfere with his ability to fully assimilate into the native community. Ghost is frustrated that the others do not trust him, and despairs that he will never be considered a Brave of The People. He also has feelings for a young woman from an allied tribe named Starfire (Moon Bloodgood), the daughter of Pathfinder (Russell Means), an elderly chieftain searching for a worthy successor after the next intended Pathfinder has been killed in an avalanche. Ghost is the only person capable of using a sword as he is still in possession of his father's Viking sword and trains with it; the native tribe have not yet developed metalworking.
While hunting and gathering with the group, Ghost's little sister wanders off and encounters a scouting party for a new group of Viking raiders. She escapes back to her family, but the Vikings follow her and attack. They raze the village, murdering everyone with delight, except a few tribesmen whom they want to combat individually in "duels". Ghost arrives back at the village too late and sees his adoptive father killed by Gunnar (Clancy Brown), the Viking leader. The Vikings are bemused as to Ghost's heritage, yet decide that since he can handle a sword he may present more of a challenge, and so make him duel nonetheless. Ghost's opponent, Ulfar (Ralf Möller), is taken unaware by Ghost's abilities, and Ghost maims Ulfar by cutting out his eye before escaping.
Injured by an arrow during the pursuit, Ghost flees by riding his shield down a snowy mountainside, then hides in a cave where he is found by the allied tribe's hunting party. They bring him home and Pathfinder heals his wound. The warriors discuss taking the initiative against the Viking invaders, however Ghost informs them of the savagery and ferocity of the "Dragon People". He warns them that their wood and stone weapons are no match for the metal armour and blades of the Vikings. Ghost advises the villagers that their only chance of survival is to flee, and he departs to take on the Vikings alone.
He finds that he has been covertly followed by Jester, a mute admirer. In an abandoned village they set a series of traps. Starfire, meanwhile, has fallen in love with Ghost and chooses to leave the tribe and accompany him. The three pick the Vikings off individually, stealing armor and weapons. Pathfinder, like his daughter, also finds Ghost and joins the fight. The hunting party of the tribesmen accidentally set off one of Ghost's traps themselves, and are massacred by the Vikings. Eventually, both Jester and Pathfinder are executed in brutal fashion, and Ghost and Starfire are captured. Gunnar recognizes Ghost as the son of a Viking, and tells Ghost that he knew of his father and admired him as a great warrior. The Vikings threaten to torture Starfire if Ghost will not betray the location of other villages, so Ghost agrees to help them.
Having gained the Vikings' trust, Ghost leads them along a dangerous mountain pass through the Appalachian Mountains and convinces Gunnar that the Vikings be tied together to reduce the risk of members falling off the narrow ledge on the high cliff. Using a sling, Ghost then creates a domino effect so the entire string of Vikings falls over the cliff: only Gunnar cuts himself free in time, coldly killing his lieutenant Ulfar in the process. Left dangling over the edge himself, Ghost convinces Starfire to leave before he triggers an avalanche that still fails to finish off Gunnar.
After an arduous duel, Ghost deals him a fatal blow, leaving him hanging over the precipice, held only by the necklace Gunnar took from Pathfinder. Gunnar begs for an honourable death by the sword (perhaps to gain entry to Valhalla in accordance with Viking beliefs), and pleads for such a mercy with Ghost by saying he is the last of his kind. Ghost replies "You are not my kind", and instead of granting his wish, he breaks the necklace, sending Gunnar plummeting to an ignominious demise.
Ghost returns to Starfire with Pathfinder's necklace, thus making Starfire the new Pathfinder after her father. Starfire gives birth to a blond-haired son. Ghost, having accepted both sides of himself, and respected as the bravest of the tribe, assumes his position watching over the coast in case the Vikings ever return.
Production.
The production companies of "Pathfinder" were 20th Century Fox and Phoenix Pictures, and the film was shot around Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Graphic novel.
The film was also adapted into a graphic novel by Dark Horse Comics. The graphic novel was built around dialogue written by the film screenwriter Laeta Kalogridis and with art by comic book artist Christopher Shy, and which was subsequently published by Dark Horse Comics at the same time as the film. From the beginning the graphic novel had a symbiotic relationship with the film. Film director Marcus Nispel, also a graphic novelist, decided to adapt the screenplay into a comic book format to appeal to his target audience more and help get a fan base to get his movie made. However his movie got the green light before the graphic novel could be completed. Nonetheless, Christopher Shy's somber and brooding visuals in the graphic novel in turn greatly inspired the visual style, look and feel of the overall film, especially in cinematography of the environment, and the design of the villains. The graphic novel has been very successful with high sales.
Reception.
The film received mainly negative reviews, with an 11% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on over 60 reviews, and a user score of 3.8 on Metacritic based on 27 votes.
A common criticism of the film, or at least the heavily edited theatrical version, was that it only had about thirty lines of dialogue and an over-emphasis on violence and gore, although the film's brooding visual style and stylized action sequences were praised by some. A review on the BBC website gave the film two out of five stars, stating "...this Norse saga plays like a 100 minute trailer; there's no character development, no real plot, just a string of high-concept action sequences... ...director Marcus Nispel veteran director of music videos helms it like it's a nu-metal video: swirling dry ice, thundering Dolby sound effects, and oversized Vikings who look like WWF wrestlers. Metalheads will be in Valhalla; everyone else should find a different path."
There were however positive reviews; one example is Kirk Honeycutt of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film 70 out of 100, stating that the film "nicely balances action and adventure with American Indian wisdom and a modest romance to provide a graphic-comic-book movie experience for males in urban markets." Wesley Morris of "The Boston Globe" gave the film a rating of 63 out of 100, stating "If there's any justice, someone will keep Urban in mind for ""300" ."
Tom Keogh of Amazon.com wrote an editorial review stating "Marcus Nispel, who previously directed the 2003 remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", guides the brutal if often exhilarating action of "Pathfinder" as if it were amplified history" and describes the performances of Russell Means and Moon Bloodgood in particular as "outstanding".
Box office.
"Pathfinder" opened theatrically in the United States on 13 April 2007, in sixth place on its opening weekend and had some big competition at the box office with "300", "Blades of Glory", and "Disturbia" amongst others, and although "Pathfinder" earned over $5 million in its opening weekend at the box office, this quickly tailed off. Overall, worldwide the film earned just over $30 million at the box office, failing to recoup its $45 million budget, though it eventually made back its money through DVD sales.
Home video releases.
DVD.
The DVD of the film was released 31 July 2007. Nearly a million and a half DVDs of the film were sold in the United States alone making an estimated $22,083,551 from the DVD sales. The DVD features director's commentary, trailers, alternate trailers, and six production featurettes covering design, building, shooting, action choreography and stunts. There is also a featurette devoted to Clancy Brown who portrays the film's main villain, Gunnar; titled "Clancy Brown: Cult Hero" it covers Clancy Brown's previous villainous roles on films such as "The Shawshank Redemption", "Starship Troopers", and as The Kurgan in "Highlander", as well as others.
Blu-ray.
The Blu-ray release went on sale on 20 November 2007.
Unrated version.
For the theatrical release and the initial DVD release, director Marcus Nispel had been forced to cut the gore and digitally remove some of the extreme violence out of at least 32 scenes, and also a scene of Ghost and Starfire making love in a cave, so that the film could gain an R rating from the MPAA. Nispel was also forced to trim down 23 scenes (including significant plot development) for reasons of time and pacing. In total around ten minutes were cut out of the film. These cuts were restored however, as well as the gore, for the unrated version, which was released on 27 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5858187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858187" title="Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof">
Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof

Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof (German, "Stuttgart main station") is a railway station in the city of Stuttgart, the capital of the Land (state) of Baden-Württemberg, in southwestern Germany. It is the largest regional and long-distance railway station in Stuttgart, the main node of the Stuttgart S-Bahn network, and, together with the halt at Charlottenplatz, the main node of the Stuttgart Stadtbahn.
Located at the northeastern end of the "Königstraße", the main pedestrian zone of the city centre, the main line station is a terminus, whilst the subterranean S-Bahn and Stadtbahn stations are through stations. The station is well known for its 12-storey tower with a large, rotating and illuminated Mercedes-Benz star insignia on top; the tower and station building are city landmarks.
Plans for the controversial Stuttgart 21 project to convert the main line terminus station into an underground through station include the demolition of the side wings of the building, together with the elimination of the platforms, tracks, and apron of the terminus station. The planned underground through station is configured at a 90 degree angle to the present station. Construction is scheduled from 2010 to 2019.
In November 2009, preservationists of the International Council on Monuments and Sites nominated the building for inclusion in UNESCO’s World Cultural Heritage list, an occasion that opponents of the "Stuttgart 21" project picked to urge the city and Deutsche Bahn to stop the project which implies demolition of parts of the complex designed by Paul Bonatz.
Building/structure details.
The station building was constructed using reinforced concrete, which was then covered with roughly hewn shell limestone ashlar, sourced from the area around Crailsheim. The station tower is 56 meters high, with a rotating Mercedes-Benz star, measuring 5 meters in radius, on the visitor's terrace on the 9th level, right above the "Bistro21". Also on the tower is a clock, whose radius measures 5.5 meters. Inside the tower is the "TurmForum Stuttgart 21", which provides information and media to do with the Stuttgart 21 project.
The front of the building features a quote by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel in the form of a lit inscription - the quote reads "… daß diese Furcht zu irren schon der Irrtum selbst ist." - loosely translated as "… that this fear of making a mistake is a mistake itself." The inscription is a work by the artist Joseph Kosuth from the early 1990s.
Long-distance trains end their run in the above-ground terminus station at one of 17 tracks (1-16 and 1a), which is located on the second floor of the main hall, with the main entrance and service counters on the ground floor. Also in the main hall, near the south exit, a DB Lounge for first-class passengers and members of frequent-traveller programs, such as bahn.comfort, AIRail, or Miles & More, may be found. In the underground S-Bahn station, which is on the 3rd underground floor, all S-Bahn traffic, which is managed by the Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund Stuttgart (VVS), stops at one of two tracks (numbered 101 and 102).
Under the station forecourt, the seven lines of the Stadtbahn traverse the 2nd underground floor. A personnel passage on the 1st underground floor, which features many stores and boutiques, serves as the pedestrian connection between the Hauptbahnhof and the city center. A part of this 1st underground floor is taken up by an underground parking garage, and a multi-use shelter. In case of a civil emergency, a section of the garage would turn into a shelter with beds, separated from the rest of the garage by pressurized doors; the control room, kitchen, sanitation equipment, and water-and air conditioning for the shelter are located in the 2nd underground floor.
History.
First and second Centralbahnhof.
Until 1922, the central station was located on the Schlosstrasse (the precise location of the former station is on what is today called the Bolzstrasse), near the Schlossplatz. The first station building, a terminus station with 4 tracks, was built by Karl Etzel for the opening of the Württemberg Central Railway ("Zentralbahn"), with its two branches to Ludwigsburg and Esslingen. The building was not remarkable at the time, with the station hall, made of wood, covering the four tracks. On 26 September 1846, the first train, arriving from Canstatt, visited the station. By 1854, the first phase of railway construction in the Kingdom of Württemberg, with routes to Heilbronn, Bretten, Ulm, and Friedrichshafen, was completed.
Due to increasing railway traffic, the first building was replaced by new construction in the same spot in the 1860s. Between 1863 and 1867, the engineers Klein, Morlok, and Abel created this second station, with 8 tracks, featuring a building with grandiose arches in the Renaissance-style. By 1900, this station had already proven to be too small again. Parts of the facade of this building are today part of an event center and cinema, the "Metropol".
The Hauptbahnhof of today.
The present Hauptbahnhof was built between 1914 and 1928, only about 500 meters east of the former station, on the Arnulf-Klett-Platz.
In 1910, the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergischen Staats-Eisenbahnen" or "K.W.St.E.") underwrote an architectural contest, which saw 70 participants. The competition was won by the architects Paul Bonatz and Friedrich Eugen Scholer with their plans for "umbilicus sueviae" - the Navel of Swabia. After undergoing numerous changes, including moving the station tower from the main facade to the wing at the Schlossgarten, construction began in 1914 on the Cannstatter Strasse. Due to the track routing to the old station, construction needed to be done in two phases, with the first phase going into service on 22 October 1922, and the second part being completed in 1928.
In addition to its great architectural quality, the new building was well incorporated into the other structures in the city center. The massive building deals with the steep terrain almost unnoticeably - there are nearly 5 meters from highest to lowest elevation between the tower and the so-called north exit. Bonatz put the tower directly on the axis of the Königstrasse as an optical point of aim, and another axis along the tower and the wing on the Schlossgarten continues on to the Neckar valley. The original plans called for a road leading directly to the building, but Bonatz eliminated this in favor of the Lautenschlagerstraße, as it is known today, which meets the "Kleine Schalterhalle" (small counter hall). Behind this hall are the tracks for the local commuter traffic, and in between this hall and the main building is the central exit, which is beneficial for the control of traffic flow. Underneath the tracks area, three tunnel at right angles to the tracks provide highly functional access points: The mail tunnel runs from the post office annex to the northwestern station area, a personnel tunnel eases the task of changing tracks, and a third tunnel is meant for the transit of express freight.
The construction has some highly regarded features. The facade is made of lime stone, which was covered with bricks; on the inside, sandstone, tuff, and bricks form the walls. The roof structures are partially flat wood roofing, and partially constructed as reinforced concrete roofing. The use of exposed concrete on the pillars lends a modern flair to the main hall. The structure features conservative elements, shown in the monumentality and reserved decorations, as well as progressive elements, as shown by the flat roof structures, for example. The building is one of the most important architectural achievements in southern Germany.
On 15 May 1933, the electrification of all 17 tracks was completed. During World War II, the building was severely damaged on several occasions, even though the fake structure built to look like the Hauptbahnhof near Lauffen am Neckar successfully prevented further destruction. Reconstruction took several years after the end of the war. On 20 August 1987, the building was given the designation of a cultural monument of special significance.
S-Bahn, Stadtbahn and Stuttgart 21.
Between 1971 and 1978, a tunnel was dug under the Hauptbahnhof for the Verbindungsbahn of the S-Bahn network of the middle Neckar area, and an underground station was constructed. This station features two tracks, with the platform in the middle, and was put into service on 1 October 1978.
The underground station for the U-Bahn and Strassenbahn, called "Hauptbahnhof (Arnulf-Klett-Platz)", went into operation on 9 April 1976. Today, there are seven lines of the Stadtbahn which use this station. The last remaining Strassenbahn line, number 15, was converted to the Stadtbahn service on 9 December 2007. The lower Strassenbahn platform is no longer used for regular service, but may sometimes see special or nostalgia trains.
The connected freight station, which featured a marshaling hump and rail brakes, was closed, due to both the reduction in freight traffic, and in preparation for the Stuttgart 21 project.
Current developments.
Reconstruction for Stuttgart 21 and Protests.
Construction on the new underground station as part of Stuttgart 21 was originally to be started in 2005 and completed in 2012; the revised schedule now envisions a start in 2010, and completion, including the new Wendlingen–Ulm high-speed railway, in 2019, at a total cost of 4.8 billion Euros.
As part of the Stuttgart 21 project, the two wings were demolished. Widespread resentment of the entire project to bring the train station underground is expressed by increasing mobilization of the Stuttgart citizenry. In particular the felling of some 260 huge and old trees has nurtured a resistance hitherto unknown in Stuttgart politics.
More than 18,000 people have registered as "" (Park Guardians); about a thousand have vowed to stay in the path of demolition crews while chaining themselves to the trees. The colourful resistance has led to nearly daily demonstrations and has raised the spectre of a political landslide during the forthcoming provincial elections.
The Stuttgart architect and Bonatz expert Matthias Roser initiated an international call for the preservation of the Hauptbahnhof, including the wings, and over 400 architects, building historians, monument conservators, art historians, and city planners, such as the Pritzger Prize recipient Richard Meier or David Chipperfield, have joined this effort. This groups views the Bonatz-designed building as one of the most significant railway station structures of the 20th century in Germany and Europe as a whole, and are opposed to any structural changes.
On November 27, 2011, a referendum on the project "Stuttgart 21" resulted in 58.8% voted in favor of the project, 41.2% voted against it.
Operations.
Routes.
The Hauptbahnhof is a traffic node for these routes:
Long-distance connections.
The most significant long-distance connections available at the Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof are listed here:
Regional connections.
In most cases, these connection start or end in Stuttgart. This means that for most connections that go through Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof, a change of trains is necessary. As part of the Stuttgart 21 project, with Stuttgart Hbf becoming a through-station, most regional connections would no longer require the change of trains.
A frequent topic of discussion is the reactivation of the section Weil der Stadt – Calw on the Schwarzwaldbahn (Württemberg), which would mean the addition of a Regionalbahn or Regional-Express train with the route Stuttgart – Leonberg – Weil der Stadt – Calw.
S-Bahn connections.
The abbreviation for the Hauptbahnhof S-Bahn station underground is "TST".
Freight traffic.
In addition to the passenger station, there used to be a closed and already demolished freight station and small shunting station, which featured a marshaling hump with rail brakes.
Stadtbahn.
Under the Arnulf-Klett-Platz (the station forecourt), the largest and most important node of the Stadtbahn features these routes:
In addition, in case of events at the NeckarPark and Cannstatter Wasen
Noteworthy.
The Hauptbahnhof has been assigned the IATA code "ZWS", because the station is used by Lufthansa in the AIRail concept. Passengers may travel in ICE trains, which are also assigned flight numbers, to Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt am Main, instead of using a short-distance flight. For this reason, Lufthansa has a check-in counter near the entrance from the Arnulf-Klett-Platz. Passengers were able to both check and receive their baggage at this counter until 2007; since then, only check-in is possible.

</doc>
<doc id="5858191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858191" title="Norsteroid">
Norsteroid

"Norsteroids" (nor-, L. "norma", from "normal" in chemistry, indicating carbon removal) are a structural class of steroids that have had an atom or atoms (typically carbon) removed, biosynthetically or synthetically, from positions of branching off of rings or side chains (e.g., removal of methyl groups), or from within rings of the steroid ring system. For instance, 19-norsteroids (e.g., 19-norprogesterone) constitute an important class of natural and synthetic steroids derived by removal of the methyl group of the natural product progesterone; the equivalent change between testosterone and 19-nortestosterone (nandrolone) is illustrated below.
Norsteroid examples include: norpregnene (from pregnene), desogestrel, ethylestrenol, ethynodiol diacetate, ethinyl estradiol, gestrinone, levonorgestrel, norethindrone, norgestrel, norpregnatriene (from pregnatriene), quinestrol, 19-norprogesterone (from a progesterone), Nomegestrol acetate, 19-nortestosterone (from a testosterone), and norethisterone acetate.

</doc>
<doc id="5858202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858202" title="South Korea national handball team">
South Korea national handball team

The South Korea national handball team is the national handball team of South Korea and is controlled by the Korea Handball Federation.
Current squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Lee Sang-Sup

</doc>
<doc id="5858204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858204" title="Scott McKay">
Scott McKay

Scott McKay (born December 2, 1960) is a Canadian politician, who served as a former leader of the Green Party of Quebec and a former Montreal council member. McKay is a member of the Quebec National Assembly for the Parti québécois in the riding of Repentigny, but he was defeated in the 2014 Quebec election. 
Background.
McKay was born to a francophone mother and an Irish-anglophone father in the town of Montréal-Est. He has completed a M.Sc. in Environmental sciences at the Université du Québec à Montréal and is currently working in the field of water treatment. He also obtained a bachelor's degree in sciences at the UQAM in 1987.
Municipal politics.
In 1986, he was elected to Montreal's City Council as candidate of Jean Doré's "Rassemblement des citoyens et citoyennes de Montréal (RCM)" for the district of Honoré-Beaugrand. He was re-elected in 1990, but lost to Ivon Le Duc in 1994 as Pierre Bourque became mayor.
Provincial politics.
McKay became leader of the Green Party of Quebec on May 28, 2006. The party ran candidates in 108 out of Quebec's 125 districts in 2007. None of them was elected. McKay himself finished fourth in the district of Bourget with 2,632 ballots and about 8.09% of the vote. The winner was Diane Lemieux of the Parti Québécois.
McKay lost the party leadership at a convention held in Trois-Rivières on March 29, 2008. Guy Rainville had won a mail-in vote with 268 ballots (54%) against McKay's 225. Nonetheless, McKay was the Green candidate in the by-election that was called as a result of Lemieux's resignation in the district of Bourget.
Switch to the Parti Québécois.
McKay switched parties to run for the Parti Québécois in the 2008 Quebec election, in the riding of L'Assomption.
On December 8, 2008, he was elected as an MNA for the PQ in the riding of L'Assomption. Due to riding redistribution, McKay ran in the new riding of Repentigny in the 2012 Quebec election and won. Eighteen months later, McKay was defeated by Coalition Avenir Québec candidate Lise Lavallée in the 2014 Quebec election.

</doc>
<doc id="5858208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858208" title="Las Médulas">
Las Médulas

Las Médulas (As Médulas or As Meduas in Galician language) is a historical site near the town of Ponferrada in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain), which used to be the most important gold mine in the Roman Empire. Las Médulas Cultural Landscape is listed by the UNESCO as one of the World Heritage Sites.
The spectacular landscape of Las Médulas resulted from the "ruina montium", a Roman mining technique described by Pliny the Elder in 77 AD. The technique employed was a type of hydraulic mining which involved undermining a mountain with large quantities of water. The water was supplied by interbasin transfer. At least seven long aqueducts tapped the streams of the La Cabrera district (where the rainfall in the mountains is relatively high) at a range of altitudes. The same aqueducts were used to wash the extensive gold deposits.
The area Hispania Tarraconensis had been invaded in 25 BC by the emperor Augustus. Prior to the Roman conquest the indigenous inhabitants obtained gold from alluvial deposits. Large-scale production did not begin until the second half of the 1st century AD.
Mining technique.
Pliny the Elder, who was a procurator in the region in 74 AD, described a technique of hydraulic mining that may be based on direct observation at Las Médulas:
Pliny also describes the methods used to wash the ores using smaller streams on riffle tables to enable the heavy gold particles to be collected. Detailed discussion of the methods of underground mining follows, once the alluvial placer deposits had been exhausted and the mother lode sought and discovered. Many such deep mines have been found in the mountains around Las Médulas. Mining would start with the building of aqueducts and tanks above the mineral veins, and a method called hushing used to expose the veins under the overburden.
The remains of such a system have been well studied at Dolaucothi in South Wales. Opencast methods would be pursued by fire-setting, which involved building fires against the rock and quenching with water. The weakened rock could then be attacked mechanically and the debris swept away by waves of water. Only when all opencast work was uneconomical would the vein be pursued by tunnelling and stoping.
Pliny also stated that 20,000 Roman pounds of gold were extracted each year. The exploitation, involving 60,000 free workers, brought 5,000,000 Roman pounds (1,650,000 kg) in 250 years.
Cultural landscape.
Parts of the aqueducts are still well preserved in precipitous locations, and including some rock-cut inscriptions.
Research on Las Médulas had been mainly carried out by Claude Domergue (1990). Systematic archaeological studies of the area, however, have been carried out since 1988 by the research group Social Structure and Territory-Landscape Archaeology of the Spanish Council for Scientific Research (CSIC). As a result, Las Médulas ceased to be only a gold mine with its techniques and became a cultural landscape in which all the implications of Roman mining were made apparent. The survey and excavations of pre-Roman and Roman settlements throughout the area allowed for new historical interpretations that greatly enriched the study of Roman mining.
A positive result of these systematic studies was the inclusion of Las Médulas as a World Heritage Site in 1997. Since then, the management of the Cultural Park has been monitored by the Las Médulas Foundation, which includes local, regional, and national stakeholders, both public and private. Currently, Las Médulas serves as an example of good research-management-society applied to heritage.
References.
"Journeys Through European Landscapes/Voyages dans les Paysages Européens". COST-ESF, Ponferrada: 101-104.

</doc>
<doc id="5858212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858212" title="Mount Sirung">
Mount Sirung

Mount Sirung () is an active volcano complex volcano located on Pantar Island in the Alor archipelago of the eastern Indonesian province of Nusa Tenggara Timor. The crater rim can be reached by an easy hike from the village of Kakamauta. Inside the crater is a large sulphurous crater lake and several active steam vents. The last major eruption occurred 1970, and regular gas and clastic eruptions have occurred since 2004. A small eruption beginning May 12, 2012 triggered an evacuation of an area within a 1.5 km radius of the caldera.

</doc>
<doc id="5858224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858224" title="Arjun (2004 film)">
Arjun (2004 film)

Arjun ( Dubbed into Tamil as "Varenda Madhuraiku" and Dubbed into Malayalam as "Arjun" and Dubbed into Hindi as "Maidaan-E-Jung" ) is a Tollywood film released on 18 August 2004, and was written and directed by Gunasekhar Varma Karri. This is the second time Mahesh Babu and Gunasekhar Varma Karri have teamed up after delivering the blockbuster Okkadu. The movie stars Mahesh Babu, Shriya Saran, Keerthi Reddy, Raja Abel, Prakashraj, Saritha and Murali Mohan.
Plot.
Arjun(Mahesh Babu) and his twin sister Meenakshi (Keerthi Reddy) finish college. During college days Meenakshi falls in love with her classmate, which she expresses later to her family when she is shown proposals from others. Arjun sets out to Madurai in Tamil Nadu where Uday is about to get married who also awaits for Meenakshi, to elope with. Arjun makes a dramatic appearance, with no apparent disapproval from the parents Meenakshi gets married to Uday. Meanwhile Arjun meets a girl, Shriya Saran who happens to be from Madurai too. After the marriage Uday's parents (Prakashraj, Saritha) secretly plan to kill Meenakshi as they had lost a chance to grab a millionaire's property by the arranged marriage. How Arjun meets the plans to kill his sister and saves each time is the crust of the story. In this film, the name of the character played by Mahesh Babu is not revealed till the end. The other roles call him with the name of the relation, but none call him Arjun, and this is revealed only at the end.
Production.
The film was produced by Mahesh's brother Ramesh. This was Mahesh's last film released before he tied the knot with Namratha Shirodhkar. On the other hand, this was the first movie (and the last as on July 2008) for Keerthi Reddy after her marriage. The film was launched at Padmalaya Studios in Hyderabad on July 18, 2003 to which the whole unit of the film attended. The Technical team, except for Art and Lyrics, were retained from Mahesh-Gunasekhar's previous film "Okkadu". The Filming had a single schedule which started from July 18 itself. Mahesh played a role similar to the one he played in "Okkadu" while Shriya Saran was roped in as the Heroine opposite him. Keerthi Reddy played the role of Mahesh's sister and paired with Raja in the film. Prakash Raj played the role of Bala Nayakar, the last heir of the Nayakar dynasty who were well known in the History of Madurai while Saritha made a comeback to Telugu Cinema after 16 years in the role of Andal, the wife of Nayakar. In an Interview, Saritha told that she felt that Mahesh Babu is cool and very friendly while she took it as a challenge to act with Prakash Raj.
The main attraction of the film was the colossal set of Madurai Meenakshi Temple created by art director Padma Sri Thotta Tharani. Its details were revealed on September 29, 2003 by the Production unit via a press meet. Thotta Tharani along with director and his team stayed in Madhuai Meenakshi Temple for 15 days. He drew his sketches to the minute details and replicated it in Hyderabad. The initial estimate of the Temple set cost was 2.5 crores which was supposed to be built in 3 months. But, it took 6 months with over 500 workers constructing the set. The total cost of this set turned out to be 4 crores. This set was constructed in 5 acre space of Padmalaya Studios near Gandipet. This set consist of Gaali Gopuram, Pond and Garbhagudi. The set had a life time of 3 years with resistance to all types of climatic conditions. Thotta Tharani used 90 tons of iron in the construction of this temple set for longevity. 90 tons of iron itself cost around 42 lakhs. Pond in the temple has a depth of 3 feet. It took 5 days of continuous filling using 5 motors to fill the water. The Gaali Gopuram is of 130 feet, which is equivalent to the original Gaali Gopuram at Madhurai temple. A set of temple priests from Madhuri came to this set and installed a replica idol of Meenakshi Amman in the Garbhagudi. This traditional installation took 8 hours (from 6 am to 2 pm). Gunasekhar Varma used 25 powerful generation sets for a song to be shot in the temple in night effect.
Another set for the exterior of Prakash Raj's house and the streets of Madurai were also created at Padmalaya studios of Gandipet. Shooting happened at Padmalaya Studios in these sets for 60 Days which was equivalent to 40% of the film's shoot. The song Madhura Madhura was shot in Day effect while Dum Dumaare was shot in Night Effect at Madurai Temple set.
Soundtrack.
This film consists of 6 songs, all composed by Mani Sharma:
Box-office performance.
The dubbed version of the movie released later in Tamil Nadu was an average grosser there. The film was released in 40 prints and it had a 50-day run in 8 centres and a 100-day run in 4 centres.
External links.
Gunasekhar Varma Karri

</doc>
<doc id="5858228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858228" title="Ultra Monsters">
Ultra Monsters

This is a list of all the monsters, aliens and similar fictional characters that have appeared throughout the Ultra Series.
Ultra Seven.
"Capsule Monsters"
"Other Monsters And Aliens"
Ultraman Mebius.
"Maquette Monsters"
"Other Monsters"
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle.
"Rei's Monsters"
"Kate's Monsters"
"Other Monsters"
"Rei's Monsters"
"Grande's Monsters"
"Other Monsters"
Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers.
"Rei's Monsters"
"Dan's Monsters"
"Belial's Monsters"
"Other Monsters"
Mega Monster Battle Gaiden.
"Rei's Monsters"
"Alien Salome Robots"

</doc>
<doc id="5858229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858229" title="Marooned (novel)">
Marooned (novel)

Marooned is a 1964 science fiction thriller novel by Martin Caidin, about a manned spacecraft stranded in earth orbit, oxygen running out, and only an experimental craft available to attempt a rescue. A film based on the novel led Caidin to prepare a revised version of it in 1968. The film was released in 1969, four months after the Apollo 11 mission, with the revised novel hitting book stores a few weeks earlier.
1964 version.
The first edition of the novel "Marooned" opens with the central character, Major Richard “Dick” Pruett, attempting to come to terms with his impending doom. Pruett, an astronaut in the Mercury-Atlas IV program, is in orbit alone. His engines have failed to fire for re-entry and he is stranded in orbit, where he faces death due to asphyxiation as he depletes the on-board supply of oxygen. The story goes into an extended flashback that reviews Pruett’s development as a US Air Force fighter test pilot and training as an astronaut.
As Pruett reviews his life, a friend of his in the astronaut corps, Jim Dougherty, refuses to accept that all is lost. He pushes NASA officials to mount a rescue mission using the prototype of a new spacecraft in development, the two-man Gemini.
The challenges are formidable. The rescue mission must be prepared and launched in a matter of mere days. Dougherty must fly the untested Gemini spacecraft solo, achieve a rendezvous with the Mercury vessel stranded in orbit, get Pruett on board the new spacecraft in the empty co-pilot's seat, and return to earth. (At the time the novel was written, none of these tasks - Gemini launch, rendezvous or EVA - had even been attempted.)
As NASA scrambles to prepare and launch the rescue mission, the Soviets secretly make their own plans to rescue Pruett first, rushing to send a cosmonaut aloft in a Vostok spacecraft. (In this version, the Soviets have already achieved the orbital objectives of rendezvous, docking and extravehicular activity ; in real life the Soviets did not achieve all these milestones until 1969.) Ultimately Dougherty succeeds in his mission and rescues Pruett; cosmonaut Andrei Yakovlev in the Vostok does rendezvous with the Mercury and provides assistance in the rescue (by using high-intensity spotlights to improve visibility) but does not take an active physical role in it. The novel ends with all three spacemen returning safely to Earth.
1968-69 version.
In 1969 a film based on the novel, also entitled "Marooned", was released. The year coincided with the first moon landings and public interest in human space flight was high. By 1969 both the Mercury and Gemini programs had passed into history. Plans were being made for the Apollo Applications Program, a series of missions to take place after the moon missions. Flights would take place in earth orbit and make use of the Apollo and Saturn V hardware. Among the applications planned was the first American space station, made from a converted Saturn V S-IVB booster stage. (The station and its associated missions would acquire the name Skylab, with missions flown 1973-74.) The film's plot remained the same as the 1964 book but the story was revised to make the space hardware and mission plans current. 
Caidin prepared a revised version of the novel in 1968 that was released in 1969 to coincide with the film. The revision concerns three US astronauts—Jim Pruett, "Buzz" Lloyd and Clayton "Stoney" Stone—stranded in an Apollo spacecraft named "Ironman One". Pruett's back story was also rewritten to include a wife; in the 1964 version, Dick Pruitt was single. The astronauts have concluded their visit to the space station and separated from it; now, with the engine failing, they have insufficient fuel to return and wait there. Pruett's friend, now named Ted Dougherty, plans a rescue mission using an experimental X-RV lifting body spacecraft, an early study for the space shuttle orbiter. The X-RV will be mounted on a Titan III-C rocket re-assigned for the purpose.
In the revised novel the Soviet plans involve a Soyuz spacecraft. Caidin named the flight "Soyuz 11". (The real-life Soyuz 11 mission, in 1971, ended in tragedy when all three cosmonauts perished during re-entry while returning from Salyut 1, the first manned space station.) The film's screenplay was less current on this detail, referring to the Russian spacecraft as a Voskhod. In this version, Pruett dies in open space while trying to fix the "Ironman"; Lloyd and Stone are rescued. In a departure from the 1964 version, cosmonaut Andrei Yakovlev actually does physically assist Dougherty in an EVA rescuing the Ironman astronauts.
The 1969 version also features Dougherty's launch in the Titan IIIC being through the eye of a hurricane. In the 1964 version, Dougherty's launch is in uneventful conditions.
References.
Caidin makes a brief appearance in the film as a reporter describing the arrival of the X-RV at Cape Canaveral. He made "Marooned" the subject of a self-reference in a later novel, "Cyborg IV". The main character, Steve Austin, says of a situation: "A friend of mine wrote about it. Did you ever read the book "Marooned"?" 
Astronaut Jim Lovell and his wife Marilyn Lovell referred to the film years later in a special interview. Their recollection is shared as a feature on the DVD release of "Apollo 13", a 1995 film directed by Ron Howard. The couple describes a 1969 film (never specifically named) in which an astronaut in an Apollo spacecraft "named Jim" faces mortal peril. The couple says the film gave Lovell's wife nightmares. Her experience inspired a dream sequence in "Apollo 13" that recalls the 1960s-vintage cinematic look of "Marooned".

</doc>
<doc id="5858237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858237" title="Mitchell van der Gaag">
Mitchell van der Gaag

Mitchell van der Gaag (born 22 October 1971) is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Playing career.
Van der Gaag was born in Zutphen, Gelderland. After graduating from PSV Eindhoven's youth ranks he played three seasons on loan, to NEC Nijmegen and Sparta Rotterdam, returning to Eindhoven for a further three years but never being an important first-team figure, however.
In January 1995 van der Gaag moved to Motherwell. He scored a career-best seven goals in 28 games in his second full season to help the Steelmen narrowly avoid relegation from the Scottish Premier Division, and subsequently returned to the Eredivisie with FC Utrecht. 
For the 2001–02 campaign van der Gaag joined Portugal's Club Sport Marítimo, going on to be one of the Madeira side's most influential players as it consolidated in the top flight. He netted six league goals in his third year, helping the club finish sixth and qualify for the UEFA Cup.
Manager career.
Van der Gaag retired from football in 2007, having spent one season with Al-Nassr FC in Saudi Arabia. In July of the following year he returned to Marítimo as a coach, taking the reins of its B-team.
In late September 2009, after Carlos Carvalhal's dismissal following a string of bad results, van der Gaag was promoted to the main squad. After helping the Madeirans finish fifth – a place conquered in the last round with a 2–1 away win against Vitória de Guimarães, who ranked sixth – and qualify for the Europa League, his link was renewed for a further year.
On 14 September 2010, after collecting only one point in the league's first four matches and being ousted by FC BATE Borisov in the Europa League, van der Gaag was sacked by Marítimo. He returned to management after nearly two years, still in Portugal, signing with second division's C.F. Os Belenenses. In his first season he won the league, thus returning the club to the top flight after three years. 
Van der Gaag took a temporary leave of absence in late September 2013 due to heart problems, after feeling unwell during a league game against former club Marítimo (1–0 home win).

</doc>
<doc id="5858240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858240" title="Araguaína">
Araguaína

Araguaína is a city and a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Tocantins. Its population was 153 350 (2010) and its area is 4,000.40 km².
The city is home to ITPAC, an educational institute offering medical, dentistry, and lawyer careers. There is also a campus of the Federal University of Tocantins State (UFT) in the city, in which the Veterinary College is actually located.
The city is served by Araguaína Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5858253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858253" title="Elizabeth Devine">
Elizabeth Devine

Elizabeth Devine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858256" title="Elphidium">
Elphidium

Elphidium is a genus of foraminiferan protozoa, one of the more common genera found near coasts. Like other forams, fossils from different species are used to date rocks.
Description.
"Elphidium" is one of the more beautiful foraminiferans and once seen easy to recognize. The test (shell) is lenticular, composed of finely perforate, bilamellar, optically radial, or less commonly granular, calcite, planispirally enrolled. Coiling is involute or partially evolute, with seven to twenty chambers in the final whorl and may have umbilical plug on each side. In some species the rim is sharp, keel-like, in others more rounded. The most diagnostic feature, perhaps, are the retral processes (small backward extensions of the chamber walls) that cross the sutures; giving some the appearance of tiny rolled up glass baskets .
Life cycle.
Elphidium shows dimorphism with alternating generations. 
The complete cycle for Elphidium crispum takes two years in the shallower marine regions, although it may be delayed at deeper stations. 
Asexual reproduction reaches a peak in spring of first year. 
Sexual reproduction begins early in the second spring as temperatures begin to rise. 
The gametes conjugate outside in open sea to produce zygotes and the B form then develops and matures during the second summer.
Lister (1895) observed the the Elphidium in two different forms as megalospheric form (sexual form) and microsperic form (asexual form). The megalosperic form was developed from the microsperic form. The gametes which gives rise to microspheric form by syngamy. 
Elphidium exhibits an alternation of generation in its life cycle. the megalosperic forms alternates with microspheric forms. The microspheric forms are developed by the conjugation or syngamy. It means there is always an alternations of asexual (microspheric) and sexual (megalospheric) generation in Elphidium.
The microspheric form reproduces asexually by fission to produce a number of amoebulae. The inner cytoplasm mass containing several nuclei creeps out of the shell and remains as a lump around it. A small amount of cytoplasm collects around each nucleus. As a result, a large number of amoeboid cells are formed. Each amoebula secretes the proloculum, formsrhizopodia, then it grows and forms other chambers of the shell to become a megalospheric forms.
The megalospheric form reproduces sexually by syngamy or conjugation. During sexual reproduction in megalospheric forms, nucleus first breks up into many small nuclie and the cytoplasm collects around each of these nuclie.The nuclie divide twice giving rice to a large haploid and known as isogametes. Isogametes of two different individuals fuse in pairs to form zygotes. These are then develops into microspheric form.
The life cycle of Elphidium may be summarised as, the microspheric forms produce amoebulae by asexual fission which develops into megalospheric forms. The megalospheric forms produce flagellated isogametes which after syngamy produce zygotes that develop into microspheric forms. Thus, its life cycle clearly exhibits the phenomenon of alternations of asexual microspheric generation with sexual megalospheric generation.

</doc>
<doc id="5858258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858258" title="Fender Katana">
Fender Katana

The Fender Katana is an electric guitar built by Fender. It was designed by marketing director Dan Smith in 1985. The Katana was designed to compete with the wild shaped guitars of the era, such as the Jackson Randy Rhoads, and to satisfy Fender dealers who were feeling the pinch by them. The Katana did not sell as well as Fender hoped, and it was discontinued in 1986, just a year later.
The Katana has a maple glued-in neck with bound rosewood fingerboard, offset triangle markers, a 629mm (24.75") scale with 22 frets, a truss rod adjuster at the headstock end. It features a string clamp, an arrow-head-shape headstock and a neck that matches the body colour. The guitar has two coverless humbucker pickups, two controls (volume, tone) and a three-way selector, all on body, and a side mounted jack socket. It also has a two-pivot bridge/vibrato unit. 
A much cheaper Squier version of the Katana was also made, which had only one pickup, a bolt-on short scale neck and basic volume/tone controls. The Squier version is much more commonly available in the used market than the genuine Fender model. 

</doc>
<doc id="5858260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858260" title="Viscount Maynard">
Viscount Maynard

Viscount Maynard, of Easton Lodge in the County of Essex, was a title in the Peerage of Great Britain. It was created in 1766 for Charles Maynard, 6th Baron Maynard, Lord-Lieutenant of Suffolk. He was made Baron Maynard, of Much Easton in the County of Essex, at the same time, also in the Peerage of Great Britain. Both titles were created with remainder, failing male issue of his own, to his kinsman Sir William Maynard, 4th Baronet. Lord Maynard was unmarried and on his death in 1775 the baronetcy of Eaton Parva, the Irish barony of Maynard created in 1620 and the English barony of Maynard created in 1628 (see below) became extinct. He was succeeded in the barony of 1766 and the viscountcy according to the special remainder by his kinsman Sir Charles Maynard, 5th Baronet, who became the second Viscount. The latter was succeeded by his nephew, the third Viscount. He served as Lord-Lieutenant of Essex. He had no surviving male issue and on his death in 1865 the baronetcy, barony and viscountcy became extinct. His granddaughter, Daisy Maynard, daughter of Colonel the Honourable Charles Henry Maynard and future wife of Francis Greville, 5th Earl of Warwick, succeeded to most of the Maynard estates. 
The Maynard family descended from Sir Henry Maynard, of Estaines, Essex, secretary to Lord Burghley and Member of Parliament for Essex. His eldest son William Maynard was knighted in 1608 and created a Baronet, of Eaton Parva in the County of Essex, in the Baronetage of England in 1611. In 1620 he was elevated to the Peerage of Ireland as Lord Maynard, of Wicklow. In 1628 he was further honoured when he was made Baron Maynard, of Estaines in the County of Wicklow, in the Peerage of England. He was succeeded by his son, the second Baron. He served as Comptroller of the Household and as Lord-Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire. On his death the titles passed to his eldest son, the third Baron. He sat as Member of Parliament for Essex. Three of his sons, the fourth, fifth and sixth Barons, all succeeded in the title. The latter was made Viscount Maynard in 1766 (see above). 
Sir John Maynard, another son of Sir Henry Maynard, represented Essex in the Long Parliament but was impeached for high treason, expelled from the House of Commons and imprisoned in the Tower of London. His younger brother, Charles Maynard, served as Auditor of the Exchequer during the reign of Charles II. Charles's son, William, was created a Baronet, of Walthamstow in the County of Essex, in the Baronetage of England in 1682. Two of his sons, the second and third Baronets, both succeeded in the title. The latter's son was the aforementioned Sir William Maynard, 4th Baronet. Sir William's son succeeded his kinsman as second Viscount Maynard in 1775. 
Maynard Baronets, of Walthamstow (1682).
"For further Maynard Baronets of Walthamstow, see Viscount Maynard."

</doc>
<doc id="5858279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858279" title="Onoba">
Onoba

Onoba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858281" title="Ford (Sefton) railway station">
Ford (Sefton) railway station

Ford railway station was a station located on the North Mersey Branch at East of Netherton Way A5038, north Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It opened for service on 1 June 1906 and closed on 2 April 1951. Passenger trains then only ran once a year on this line, transporting passengers for the Grand National, although this service also ceased in 1956. Demolition of Ford Station was completed on 1 May 1959.
Reopening proposals.
This section of the line still exists, although has no passenger services running and is no longer electrified, with the only trains running being for engineer access to the Ormskirk line. Plans to open this section as part of Merseyrail's Northern Line have been put forward in Sefton's transport plan, with the first details to emerge about its possible reopening being published by the media on 28 February 2008. The Crosby Herald newspaper reported that the line could be reopened in conjunction with Liverpool FC's new stadium, to provide additional transport links via the Litherland area, likely to cost millions.

</doc>
<doc id="5858289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858289" title="Spittal of Glenshee">
Spittal of Glenshee

The Spittal of Glenshee lies at the head of Glenshee in the highlands of eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland where the confluence of many small streams flowing south out of the Grampians form the Shee Water. For centuries, there has been a hostel or inn at the site and, in modern times, the small village has become a centre for travel, tourism and winter sports in the region, sited at a bend on the A93 trunk road which leads from Blairgowrie north past the Spittal to the Glenshee Ski Centre and on to Braemar.
Inhabitation in the Neolithic period is indicated by a Megalithic standing stone behind the old kirk, and the "Four Poster stone circle" on a nearby mound.
When interest in ski mountaineering revived after the First World War and the Scottish Ski Club was resuscitated in 1929, they restarted weekly snow reports with reporters appointed at Lix Toll near Killin, Dalwhinnie, Braemar and the Spittal of Glenshee. The Dundee Ski Club used the "Spittal Hotel" as its meeting place, and pioneered improvements, setting up the first ski tows in Britain at Glenshee in December 1950. The hotel burnt down in 1959, but Spittal of Glenshee has continued to provide accommodation near to the slopes.
The village also provides a stopping place on the "Cateran Trail" waymarked long distance footpath which provides a 64 mile (103 km) circuit in the glens of Perthshire and Angus.

</doc>
<doc id="5858292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858292" title="Revival (Petra album)">
Revival (Petra album)

Revival is the 21st studio release of the Christian rock band Petra and their third praise album. It was released on November 20, 2001.
Album background.
"Revival" was released amidst some major changes for the band. Three members had departed the band, so Bob Hartman decided to return from retirement to help cement the ground for their next album. Also, the band was dropped from their label (Word/Epic) which started a search for a suitable record label to launch their next album.
Inpop Records picked the band up and prepared for their next release. It was decided by both the band and producers that the best way to follow was a third praise album. They also decided that, instead of hiring new members, they would stay with remaining core members (John Schlitt, Louie Weaver, Bob Hartman) and use studio musicians for bass and keyboards.
The music features a more electric and synthesized sound, using heavy programming and sampling without sacrificing Hartman's guitar sounds or Weaver's rhythm. This is the only album of Petra that does not feature a song written by founder Bob Hartman.
Reception.
The album was well received by audience and critics. John DiBiase, of "Jesus Freak Hideout", called the album "a bold and brilliant step" for the band, and gave it 3.5 out of stars. "Billboard" magazine wrote "the group records songs brilliantly" and called the album "a reminder of why will celebrate its 30th anniversary next year".

</doc>
<doc id="5858300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858300" title="Boys of the City">
Boys of the City

Boys of the City is a 1940 black-and-white comedy/thriller film directed by Joseph H. Lewis. It is the second East Side Kids film and the first to star Bobby Jordan, Leo Gorcey, and Ernest Morrison.
Plot.
To escape the heat of the city and a court sentence for malicious mischief, the East Side kids agree to visit a summer camp in the Adirondacks. En route, their car breaks down and they are reluctantly given accommodations in the home of Judge Malcolm Parker (Forrest Taylor). The Judge, under indictment for bribery, has much to fear. His life, as well as that of his niece Louise (Inna Gest) has been threatened by a gang of racketeers; his companion, Giles (Dennis Moore), has accused him of embezzling Louise's fortune; and his sinister housekeeper, Agnes, blames him for the death of her mistress, Leonora. The Judge's fears are compounded when he meets Knuckles Dolan (Dave O'Brien), the boys' guardian, whom he had unjustly sentenced to death, only to have his verdict reversed and Knuckles exonerated. Later that night, when Louise is kidnapped and the Judge found strangled, Giles and Simp (Vince Barnett), the Judge's bodyguard, accuse Knuckles of the murder, but the boys capture Simp and Giles and determine to find the murderer themselves. Muggs (Leo Gorcey) and Danny (Bobby Jordan) discover a secret panel in the library wall and enter a passage where they find Louise's unconscious body and glimpse the figure of a fleeing man. Knuckles captures the man, who identifies himself as Jim Harrison (Alden 'Stephen' Chase) of the district attorney's office. Amid the confusion, the real killer takes Louise captive, but the boys track him down and unmask Simp. Harrison then identifies the bodyguard as the triggerman seeking revenge on the Judge. With the crime solved, the boys can finally leave for their summer camp.
Production.
This film was a direct follow-up to East Side Kids.
After completing the pilot film for the series, producer Sam Katzman was able to convince former Dead End Kids Bobby Jordan and Leo Gorcey to join the series. Katzman also brought in Gorcey's younger brother David, and former Our Gang star and Vaudeville entertainer "Sunshine Sammy" Morrison. Morrison had already known Katzman prior to joining the series.
While this film is technically a sequel to the previous film, some unexplained changes are made (namely the addition of "Muggs", "Scruno", and "Buster").
Most of the cast from the previous film did not return. Bobby Jordan replaced Harris Berger in the role of "Danny", and would retain the role for a large portion of the series' run. Jack Edwards was originally slated to return as "Algernon Wilkes", but immediately declined after being offered a part 
in another movie. Eugene Francis took his place.
Hal E. Chester returned, but as his character was killed off in the previous film, he plays a different character here. This would be his last East Side Kids film. 
In addition to Chester, Frankie Burke, Donald Haines, and Dave O'Brien all returned, and each reprised their role from the previous film. This would be Burke's last East Side Kids film. After his departure, the character of "Skinny" was given to Haines, while "Peewee" was given to David Gorcey.

</doc>
<doc id="5858305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858305" title="Western District">
Western District

Western District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5858306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858306" title="Robert Sterling (musician)">
Robert Sterling (musician)

Robert Sterling is a songwriter, arranger, and record producer. His songs have been recorded by a variety of Christian artists, notably including Point of Grace, Gold City and Sandi Patty. His tunes have worked their way to the top of the Christian pop, Southern Gospel, and inspirational radio charts. Among Robert's record producing credits are the certified gold albums, “Point of Grace,” and “The Whole Truth," by Point of Grace, and the Grammy-nominated recording, "Love Will," by the Talleys. 
His extensive body of choral compositions and arrangements can be found in the catalogs of Word Music, Belwin Mills, Shawnee Press, and LifeWay Music. Robert is a five-time winner of the Gospel Music Association's Dove Award. For five years he headed the songwriting faculty for the Academy of Gospel Music Arts. In 1997, Robert served as the chairman of the Coalition for the Protection of America’s Gospel Music Heritage, lobbying and testifying before Congress on behalf of Christian songwriters. In addition to his work as a writer, arranger and orchestrator, Robert has also served as an adjunct professor of Music Publishing at Belmont University in Nashville.
A 1977 cum laude graduate of Baylor University's School of Music, Robert currently resides in Brentwood, Tennessee with his wife, Cindy. They have two sons, Matthew and Aaron. Matthew lives in New York City, working as a film editor and comedy writer. Aaron is a much-in-demand studio drummer working in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5858309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858309" title="Chrysopilus">
Chrysopilus

Chrysopilus is common, worldwide genus of predatory snipe flies. There are approximately 300 species in the genus, including fossil members that are sometimes found in amber.
Species.
"(incomplete)"
See also.
List of soldierflies and allies recorded in Britain

</doc>
<doc id="5858316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858316" title="Zino &amp; Tommy">
Zino &amp; Tommy

Haim Zinovitch, a.k.a. ZINO, is a prominent and prolific musician in Israel.
Zino is a pioneer and self-described chameleon. His music encompasses a wide variety of musical genres, from folk to rock to ambient/electronica. With his partner Tomer Biran (TOMMY), he also creates music for films, TV shows, and commercials, dominating the TV music market in Israel. Zinowitch was born of Russian and Moroccan descent.
Early career.
He was always interested in different cultures and music, blending his love of folk and rock with Celtic, Scandinavian, and Romanian music, among other influences. His career began with a stint in a military band. Afterward, he collaborated with Israeli musicians on various compilations before recording "The Gibberish Album" in 1992. This “half circus, half musical” brought 115 musicians and singers from different cultures together on one stage to sing in gibberish—what Zino describes as “folk songs for an imaginary village.”
Zino’s next album, A Bit of Lust, a Bit of Tenderness, a Bit of Love, (1993) was a major milestone in the development of Israeli alternative and hard rock music and made him the “bad boy” of Israeli rock. Zino’s subsequent CDs range from alternative rock (Drive By) to hip-hop tracks featuring Zino’s innovative production/sampler techniques ("Zino Featuring Human Beatbox"). Songs from his CDs have been heard in the hit TV shows "The Sopranos", "Sex and the City", and others.
Recent career.
In 2000, Zino became front-page news in the Israeli media when he disguised himself as a war-scarred singer. Dubbing himself “The Burned Man,” he created a fictitious biography and appeared in public disguised as a burned, masked cripple. The Israeli media gave The Burned Man and his mysterious story prime-time coverage, during which Zino revealed his true identity. After this “artistic terror act", The Burned Man’s first CD was released, becoming one of Israel’s all-time best-selling albums with over 450,000 copies sold according to Haim. A second title followed soon after.
Zino began collaborating with Tomer Biran ("Tommy") in 1997. The duo released four CDs with songs ranging from funk to rock to trance and chill-out. Three of their song were heard in the HBO TV show The Sopranos. The duo's music is also heard in several films including "Click", "RV (film)" and Catwoman.
Their songs are heard on the compilation CDs "Lotus Lounge", "Buddha Bar", "Happiness", and "Café del Mar: Dreams". They also create music for many of Israel’s prime-time TV dramas, as well as game shows, movies, multimedia projects, and computer games.

</doc>
<doc id="5858320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858320" title="Fender Performer Bass">
Fender Performer Bass

The Fender Performer was an electric bass guitar released in 1986 and discontinued in 1987, assembled in the United States and Japan. The Performer was also available as an electric guitar.
The Guitar.
The Fender Performer bass was a uniquely styled bass guitar, designed by John Page, renowned for its extremely slender neck (narrower than Stratocaster and Telecaster guitars). The Japanese Performer Standard has an alder body, with a bolt-on 34" 24-fret micro-tilt adjustable maple neck and a 2-octave rosewood fingerboard as opposed to the USA-made Performer Elite, which sports an ebony fretboard. Controls are: Tone, Volume, Pickup Selector Switch and TBX Circuit Control (Treble Bass eXpander). The latter provided the same tonal range as the Jazz Bass between 0 and 5, with the range 5-10 providing significantly brighter sound - oriented towards solo playing and partularly suiting the sharp attack needed for a slap bass playing style. Both basses were available in Burgundy Mist, Gun Metal Blue, Candy Green, White and Tobacco Sunburst. All finishes were metallic except for the sunburst. Both versions featured a number of minor features underlying the 'high end' design including rubber inserts around the volume and tone controls, a high-quality fully enclosed jack socket, a new 'contemporary' Fender logo, sculpted pickups marked with an (original) Fender logo, felt washers to prevent the strap buttons marking the body and individual intonation adjustment for each string as standard (many P-Basses at this time had just two bridge pieces).
The Performer Bass was available in 2 versions, Standard and Elite, with the latter lacking off a pickguard and sporting three specially designed single coil pickups (with the first two placed side-by-side in the rear position and the third in the center), 5-way switching and an ebony fretboard. Unlike the Japanese-made Performer Standard, which featured a 3-ply white pickguard, dual single coils, 3-way toggle switch and a rosewood fretboard, the more expensive Performer Elite was manufactured in the United States, retailing at $949. The moderately priced Standard retailed at $499.
A short-lived 5-string prototype of this bass was released in 1987, though less common.
History.
The Fender Performer Elite Bass was designed by John Page to be an Elite version of the Fender Jazz Bass. - forcing the new owners to contract the manufacture of instruments - it is more likely that the new Fender Musical Instruments Corporation simply chose to focus on proven lines.
Collectibility.
Once largely ignored by Fender enthusiasts, the Performer has recently grown in popularity and second-hand values. As of 2010, in recent eBay auctions these instruments have commanded prices as much as US$1,000 and higher.
Words from the Designer.
The following is from posts that designer John Page made on fenderforum.com:

</doc>
<doc id="5858326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858326" title="TeamQuest Corporation">
TeamQuest Corporation

TeamQuest Corporation, is a computer software company specializing in Systems management, Performance management and Capacity planning software for computer servers. TeamQuest worldwide headquarters is based in Clear Lake, Iowa, United States with branch offices located in Gothenburg, Sweden, Oxford, United Kingdom, Frankfurt, Germany, and Hong Kong.
History.
TeamQuest was founded in 1991 by three employees from a software research and development group at Unisys Corporation.
Products.
TeamQuest offers a suite of software products, called TeamQuest Performance Software. These products help optimize IT services, from performance management and reporting to event monitoring, capacity planning and capacity modeling. Products can be used individually or in combination to address various needs, and they scale to thousands of servers in complex, heterogeneous and virtualized environments.
TeamQuest Performance Software comprises these products:
As a spin-off from Unisys Corporation, TeamQuest also provides software for the following mainframe platforms:
TeamQuest IT Service Applications.
These products are rich web applications hosted by a TeamQuest Application Server powered by Apache Tomcat. Thus they run entirely within the operator's web browser. The TeamQuest IT Service Applications share a common technology called TeamQuest IT Resources.
Solutions.
TeamQuest solutions are focused on IT Service Optimization (ITSO). The goal of ITSO is to consistently meet IT service levels while minimizing infrastructure costs and mitigating risks. This can be achieved in a multitude of ways, from consolidating servers to avoiding bottlenecks to aligning IT with business objectives.
Customers.
TeamQuest customers include companies across a variety of industries.

</doc>
<doc id="5858336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858336" title="Mediastinal fibrosis">
Mediastinal fibrosis

Mediastinal fibrosis is a rare late complication of histoplasmosis. It is characterized by invasive, calcified fibrosis centered on lymph nodes that block major vessels and airways.

</doc>
<doc id="5858346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858346" title="Merchiston Tower">
Merchiston Tower

Merchiston Castle or Merchiston Tower was probably built by Alexander Napier, the second Laird of Merchiston around 1454. It serves as the seat for Clan Napier. It is perhaps most notable for being the home of John Napier, the 8th Laird of Merchiston, inventor of logarithms who was born there in 1550.
History.
The lands surrounding the castle were acquired in 1438 by Alexander Napier, the first Laird of Merchiston, and remained in the Napier family for most of the following five centuries. 
Merchiston Castle was probably built as a country house, but its strategic position and the turbulent political situation required it to be heavily fortified - with some walls as much as six feet thick - and it was frequently under siege. During restoration in the 1960s a twenty-six pound cannon-ball was found embedded in the Tower, thought to date from the struggle in 1572 between Mary, Queen of Scots, and supporters of her son, James VI. 
In 1659, the castle was sold to Ninian Lowis, in whose family it remained until 1729, when it was sold to the governors of George Watson's Hospital (the Merchant Company of Edinburgh). The tower was reacquired by the Napier of Merchiston family when Francis Napier, 6th Lord Napier bought it in 1752.
In 1772, a year before the sixth Lord's death, the Tower was sold to a relative, Charles Hope-Weir, second son of John Hope, 2nd Earl of Hopetoun. Weir sold it in 1775 to Robert Turner, a lawyer, who sold it in 1785 to Robert Blair, a professor of astronomy at Edinburgh University.
The Napier family again came into possession of Merchiston Castle in 1818, when it was purchased by William Napier, 9th Lord Napier.
In 1833, Lord Napier let the Tower to Charles Chalmers, who founded the Merchiston Castle School. It was sold outright to the school in 1914 by The Honourable John Scott Napier, fourteenth Laird of Merchiston (son of Francis Napier, 10th Lord Napier). The school vacated the building in 1930, moving to a site some three miles away.
In 1930 the property returned to the ownership of The Merchant Company, who used nearby playing fields for George Watson's College, which was soon itself to move nearby. Then in 1935 the tower passed to Edinburgh City Council. It remained unoccupied (except for war service) until 1956 when it was suggested as the centrepiece of a new technical college. Restoration work began in 1958, highlights of which were the discovery of the entrance drawbridge and the preservation of an original seventeenth century plaster ceiling. 
It now stands at the centre of Napier University’s Merchiston campus.
Design.
The Tower is an interesting and elaborate example of the medieval tower house, being built on the familiar "L" plan with a wing projecting to the north. It was originally vaulted at the second floor and the roof. Among several remarkable features is the unusual elaboration of the main entrance, which is at second floor level in the south front. The tall shallow recess in which the doorway is set undoubtedly housed a drawbridge which must have rested upon an outwork some 14 feet above ground level and 10 feet from the Tower. 
Shortly after being let to Merchiston Castle School it was considerably altered with the addition of a castellated Gothic-style two-story extension (see picture) and a basement, which has since been removed.
Napier University has taken out large sections of wall on the northern extension to accommodate a corridor which runs through the Castle to other campus buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5858353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858353" title="Angel Tears">
Angel Tears

Angel Tears is a global fusion musical duo based in Tel Aviv.
Background.
The duo is Momi Ochion (Israel) and Seb Taylor (UK). Ochion, whose roots lie in Israeli pop and world fusion music, is the melody man of the duo—the brain behind the compositional aspects of the album and a lot of the studio work. Sebastian James Taylor, who composes and performs much of the material, lives in London and is known for his work with the electronic groups Kaya Project, Shakta, and Digitalis. Other members include various vocalists whose intoxicating vocals and chants lend the music its exotic flair.
Angel Tears' music appeals to fans of world electronica and new age spiritual. The duo use a wide variety of rhythms, from electronic beats to the earthy thump of the Bedouin dharbouka and other indigenous drums. The music ranges from clubby to tribal and all points in between. Asian and Middle Eastern vocals give a spiritual quality to the tunes, and instrumentation covers the whole spectrum, with Tibetan flutes, Indian sitar, Arabian violin, Middle Eastern horns, grand piano and electric guitar all sharing the same space. Mellow synthesizers swirl amidst the elements, bringing everything together into a cohesive package.
The duo have tracks on many global fusion compilations, including Buddha Bar 2, Buddha Bar 8, and Lotus Lounge. Their music is also heard on popular TV shows including Sex And The City, Third Watch and The West Wing. Angel Tears have released 4 CDs on LoveCat Music (New York) and the artist's label MP Master Productions (Tel Aviv).

</doc>
<doc id="5858359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858359" title="Tennessee State Route 374">
Tennessee State Route 374

Tennessee State Route 374 is a west–east state highway in Montgomery County, Tennessee that acts as a cross-town arterial road for travelers in Clarksville, Tennessee. It starts at one end in southeast Clarksville (near Sango) at U.S. Highway 41A, and heads northwest, then west, then south becoming:
The route forms a northern loop around central Clarksville. Warfield Boulevard and Richview Road are both two-lane sections and the 101st Parkway and the Purple Heart Parkway are both four-lane divided highways with partially controlled access, meeting the federal (MUTCD) definition of an expressway. The expressway features three interchanges: a single-point urban interchange with Wilma Rudolph Boulevard US 79, a variation of the partial cloverleaf interchange with Fort Campbell Boulevard (US 41A), and an uncompleted trumpet-like western terminus at Dover Road (US 79)
Warfield Boulevard is named for a family that owned the land before it was constructed there.
Construction is complete along the 101st Parkway segment of SR 374, which widened that part of the highway to four lanes and created an overpass with exits that allow traffic to freely flow over Wilma Rudolph Boulevard. Additional plans call for expansion of Warfield Boulevard on the southwest side of Clarksville sometime in the future and to Palmyra beyond US-79 on the Northwest side of Clarksville. A proposal to extend SR 374 past its current Dover Road terminus, across the Cumberland River to SR 149. A community meeting was held in November 2010, but as of 2012 it appears no further progress has been made.

</doc>
<doc id="5858360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858360" title="Hello Kitty Stratocaster">
Hello Kitty Stratocaster

The Hello Kitty Stratocaster is an original series of electric guitar made by Squier (Fender). It is available in pink or black and is equipped with a custom pickguard in the shape of Hello Kitty's head.
The guitar is equipped with a single humbucker pickup in the bridge position, a maple neck and an Agathis body. It has only one knob, which is to control the volume. It has been in production since January 2006.
The guitar has not picked up very much popularity except as a novelty, owing to its inferior quality when compared with the Fender Stratocaster. Notable users of Hello Kitty Stratocasters include Brian Amadeus Moderatto, Lisa Loeb, Didier Wampas, Courtney Love & her daughter, Dave Navarro, Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park, Ezra Igor of Sastrosastri, Kevin Johansen, Jane Wiedlin of the Go-Go's, Marcus Adoro of The Eraserheads,Jep Diaz , OJ Kryptic of The Kryptics and even Ziltoid the omniscient on some Devin Townsend Band live shows.

</doc>
<doc id="5858361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858361" title="American Mountain Guides Association">
American Mountain Guides Association

The ‘’’American Mountain Guides Association’’’ (‘’’AMGA’’’) is the USA's “sole representative to the 21-member International Federation of Mountain Guides Associations (IFMGA), the international governing body responsible for guiding standards and education around the world.” AMGA is a non-profit organization that seeks to represent the interests of American mountain guides by providing support, education, and standards. The Association offers training courses and certification exams in rock, alpine and ski mountaineering.
History.
In 1979, 12 guides came together to form what was to become the American Mountain Guides Association as we know it today. AMGA aims to support “the guiding profession by providing representation for land use access, education, training, and examination based on international standards for guiding.” As a result of this commitment, AMGA became a member of the International Federation of Mountain Guides Associations in 1997.
Mission statement.
The American Mountain Guide’s Association (AMGA) is the premier source for training, credentials, and services for professional mountain guides and climbing instructors in the United States.
Associated organizations.
AMGA requires that any guide who wishes to become accredited attend a certified guide program and receive wilderness medical training. Only a handful of organizations are recognized by AMGA as meeting their standards.
There are currently 30 organizations that AMGA feels meet the standards it has set out. Some of the organizations that AMGA recognizes for guide training are Acadia Mountain Guides Climbing School and Rainier Mountaineering Inc.
For wilderness first aid training, even fewer organizations are recognized by AMGA. AMGA currently recognizes only eleven organizations. A few examples of such wilderness medical training organizations are Remote Medical International and the Wilderness Medicine Institute of NOLS.

</doc>
<doc id="5858370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858370" title="Shawn Thornton">
Shawn Thornton

Shawn Thornton (born July 23, 1977) is a Canadian professional Ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Thornton grew up playing minor hockey for his hometown Oshawa Minor Generals of the OMHA's Eastern AAA League. He was drafted in the 9th round (145th overall) by the Peterborough Petes in the 1995 OHL Priority Selection, one year after being originally passed over in the draft as a Midget-aged player.
He was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1997, 190th overall. He won the Stanley Cup in 2007 with the Anaheim Ducks and again in 2011 with the Boston Bruins.
On July 1, 2007, he became an unrestricted free agent and signed a three-year, 1.5 million dollar deal with the Boston Bruins.
With the Bruins, Thornton finally became an NHL regular, and he has become famous for taking on famous enforcers like Georges Laraque, Donald Brashear and Derek Boogaard. He also has his own video blog on the Bruins website.
Thornton was involved in the first fight in the history of the Winter Classic with Philadelphia Flyers agitator Daniel Carcillo on January 1, 2010 at Boston's Fenway Park.
During the 2011 Stanley Cup run, Thornton was a healthy scratch for several games as the Bruins chose to play rookie Tyler Seguin to gain more offense. However, Thornton was inserted into the lineup during Game 3 of the Finals as a turning point for the series. Thornton's physical play changed the tone of the series and the Bruins went on to win four of the last five games with him in the lineup. On June 15, 2011, Shawn Thornton got to lift the Stanley Cup for the second time in 2011, the first time Boston has won since 1972.
On December 7, 2013, Thornton repeatedly punched Pittsburgh Penguins defenseman Brooks Orpik from behind during a stoppage of play, which resulted in Orpik losing consciousness and sustaining a concussion. He expressed remorse, but added: "That’s always my job, I guess, to defend my teammates..." On December 14, 2013, he was suspended for fifteen games for "punching and injuring an unsuspecting player." Although he appealed the suspension, the punishment was upheld fully by the NHL.
On June 16, 2014, it was announced by Bruins General Manager, Peter Chiarelli, that after 7 seasons with the club Thornton would not be re-signed. Two weeks later on the first day of free agency, Thornton agreed to a two-year contract with the Florida Panthers on July 1, 2014.
Personal life.
On October 2, 2010, he and the Boston Bruins played an exhibition game against the Belfast Giants in Belfast, Northern Ireland, where his mother was born. 
Thornton is a cousin of Bill Greer of the Toronto Rock (NLL), Zack Greer of the Edmonton Rush (NLL) and Denver Outlaws (MLL), and Chris Brunt of West Bromwich Albion (Premier League). He is not related to Joe Thornton (San Jose Sharks) or Scott Thornton (Retired).
Thornton appeared in the movie "Ted", he also made an appearance in the Dropkick Murphy's music video "Going Out In Style"
Thornton is a part-owner of a restaurant in Pembroke, Massachusetts named "Turner's Yard". One of Thornton's partners in the venture is retired Major League Baseball pitcher Tim Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="5858371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858371" title="Gypsy 83 (soundtrack)">
Gypsy 83 (soundtrack)

The soundtrack to the 2001 film Gypsy 83 was released in 2003 on Metropolis Records. Several well-known goth and electronic music artists are featured, alongside Karen Black and the film's leading-lady, Sara Rue.

</doc>
<doc id="5858384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858384" title="Saffiyah (name)">
Saffiyah (name)

Saffiyah (also spelled Safiya) is a female Arabic given name.
People named Saffiyah include:

</doc>
<doc id="5858397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858397" title="Cy Blanton">
Cy Blanton

Darrell Elijah (Cy) Blanton (July 6, 1908 – September 13, 1945) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Philadelphia Phillies. Blanton batted left-handed and threw right-handed. Blanton was a screwball pitcher.
Pitching career.
Blanton was one of the mainstays of the Pittsburgh Pirates rotation in the mid 1930s. He pitched for the Albany Senators in 1934, being promoted to Pittsburgh to pitch one game. Earlier he pitched in the Piedmont League and the Western Association.
In his 1935 rookie season he recorded 18 wins with 142 strikeouts and led the National League in earned run average (2.58) and shutouts (4). He averaged 12.67 wins for the next three years, leading again the league in shutouts in 1936 (4) and starts in 1937 (34). A free agent before the 1940 season, he signed with the Philadelphia Phillies. Although he made the National League All-Star team in 1937 and 1941, he never showed again the brilliance of his first season. He last pitched for the Phillies in 1942.
In a nine-season career, Blanton posted a 68–71 record with a 3.55 ERA and 611 strikeouts.
Death.
He was suspended by the Hollywood Stars for failure to get in shape in March 1945. He returned to Oklahoma from California where he had been living just before he died. Blanton died in Norman, Oklahoma at the age of 37. His body was taken to Shawnee, Oklahoma for burial.

</doc>
<doc id="5858400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858400" title="Guy Big">
Guy Big

Guy Big ( 1946 - 2 May 1978 at Toronto) was the stage name of Alan Hoffman, a Canadian actor. He appeared in the children's television series "The Hilarious House of Frightenstein" as the midget count and also appeared in the movie "Find the Lady" as Miniature man. He also appeared in the "King of Kensington" episode Tiny's Job as the character Tiny Russell, and was a guest on "The Tommy Hunter Show". Before his death he filmed a television adaptation of Isaac Asimov's "The Ugly Little Boy" which aired in 1977 on TVOntario.
Hoffman spent his childhood in Yorkton, Saskatchewan, then attended the University of Alberta. During his years in Toronto, he also became a social worker and earned a relevant degree at Ryerson Polytechnical Institute. He died aged 32 in Toronto from an unspecified cause, although he was reportedly treated for throat cancer in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="5858407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858407" title="I, Tintin">
I, Tintin

I, Tintin (French: Moi, Tintin ) is a Franco-Belgian film which premiered in the Paris cinema as a feature presentation in 1975. 
Made in semidocumentary style and mixing interviews with "The Adventures of Tintin" creator Hergé with real historical events and news stories edited together with animated "Adventures of Tintin" clips, narrated by Belgian news correspondent, Gérard Valet.
The film was produced by Belvision Studios and Pierre Films in cooperation with the Franco-Belgian Ministry of Culture (Ministère de la Culture Française de Belgique).
VHS and DVD Release.
A VHS was released in French, and it was released on DVD in 2007 in a double pack with Tintin et Moi, released by Madman Entertainment. It included an interview with Michael Serres, a short film called "The Secret of the Clear Line" and a menu-based Hergé biography.

</doc>
<doc id="5858415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858415" title="This Island Earth (novel)">
This Island Earth (novel)

This Island Earth is a 1952 science fiction novel by Raymond F. Jones. It was first published as a serial in "Thrilling Wonder Stories" magazine. It was the basis for the film "This Island Earth".
The story revolves around a race of aliens who, in recruiting humans for a group called "Peace Engineers", are actually using Earth as a pawn in an intergalactic war.
Reception.
Boucher and McComas found the novel disappointing; after starting "with some fine technological gadgetry," it "becomes ultimately incredible in its galactic wildness (and offensive in its extreme labor-baiting)."

</doc>
<doc id="5858426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858426" title="Denis Murphy (Irish musician)">
Denis Murphy (Irish musician)

Denis Murphy (November 14, 1910 – April 7, 1974) was an Irish fiddler and noted traditional musician.
Murphy was born in Lisheen, Gneeveguilla, County Kerry one of eight children of Bill and Mainie (née Corbett) Murphy. His father played fife, flute and fiddle and had a fife and drum band. It was a house where music was played a lot with neighbours calling in. He and his sister Julia Clifford were taught fiddle by Padraig O'Keeffe. He later played with the Lisheen Fife and Drum Band.
Murphy emigrated to the United States, and in 1942 married Julie Mary Sheehan. They returned often to Ireland and returned permanently to Lisheen in 1965. While in the United States he played with the Ballinmore Ceili Band, with such players as Paddy Killoran, James Morrison, Andy McGann and Lad O'Beirne.

</doc>
<doc id="5858427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858427" title="Aleksandr Gurnov">
Aleksandr Gurnov

Aleksandr Gurnov (born 8 July 1957 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian TV persona.
In 1973, Aleksandr Gurnov became a correspondent for the Russian national newspapers "Pionerskaya Pravda" and "Komsomolskaya Pravda". He graduated from Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1980, and in the same year he became the editor, author and presenter of a weekly political programme on State TV and Radio Broadcasting of the USSR. In 1984 he did military service in Ethiopia. He was awarded with the Defender of Russia state award in 1991 and two years later, in 1993, he was the Bureau chief of Russian Television in London. He has also worked on the Russian Sports channel. Gurnov was a head of the Russian television news agency TSN,on Moscow's TV-6. In 2006, he participated in an online interview with, Russian President, Vladimir Putin, as a representative of the website Yandex. Today, he presents the "Spotlight" programme on the international Russian television network, RT. 
Aleksandr Gurnov likes watching television, drawing, playing tennis and doing mountain skiing. He speaks English, Russian, French and Amharic. He is married and has a seven-year-old son.

</doc>
<doc id="5858436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858436" title="Howard Mehring">
Howard Mehring

Howard Mehring (1931–1978) was a twentieth-century painter born in Washington, D.C.
Howard Mehring is associated with Color Field painting and the Washington Color School and the artists at Jefferson Place Gallery. Mehring and Robert Gates both received grants from THE Woodward Foundation to travel in Europe during 1971 to broaden their art backgrounds. His connection with Vincent Melzac was instrumental in developing his work. Early in his career (1956–1958) he shared studio space with Thomas "Tom" Downing, with whom he had been a student of Kenneth Noland at Catholic University. Some of their paintings from that period are difficult to tell apart.
Mehring's early work is a "Washington version" of abstract expressionism, with the loose handling of paint on a surface but a much more transparent use of magna paint, an acrylic paint developed by Leonard Bocour. The stylistic resemblance to "Mountains and Sea" by Helen Frankenthaler is obvious.
As Mehring developed as an artist his work became much more structured. He went from a painted surface with an all-over pattern to cutting up canvas with the all-over pattern and gluing it back together. Later he used some of those same forms to make "hard-edge paintings", "T's", "Z's" and "E's". 
Mehring and the other Washington Color School painters were in debt to the writings of Clement Greenberg. In 1964 Greenberg included Mehring in his traveling museum exhibition called "Post-painterly Abstraction."

</doc>
<doc id="5858443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858443" title="Fort Garry Historical Society">
Fort Garry Historical Society

The Fort Garry Historical Society is a non-profit organization formed in 1971 to foster the preservation of heritage sites in St. Norbert and Fort Garry in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. 
St. Norbert Provincial Park.
One of historical society's primary heritage sites is the St. Norbert Provincial Heritage Park (), a park with 14 interpretive plaques about the cultural history and development of the community. The plaques form a self-guiding tour along the Lasalle River and Red River, ending at the historic junction of the two rivers, which faces the floodway bridge and gates. 
The site also features two restored historic house museums, the Turenne and Bohémier homes, which feature late 19th century furnishings. The houses are also known as the Fort Garry Historical Society Museum. The houses are open in the summer season.
The house owned by Pierre Delorme, a prominent Métis politician, is also located in the park, but has not been restored.
Henderson House built in 1854 and originally at 2112 Henderson Highway in North Kildonan is also in the park and it was moved to a site next to the Delorme House in 1979. It has not been restored but the North East Winnipeg Historical Society has plans to restore the house and hopefully move it back to North Kildonan.
The museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5858447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858447" title="Tomáš Klouček">
Tomáš Klouček

Tomáš Klouček (born March 7, 1980 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman playing for HC Kosice in the Slovak Extraliga. He had previously played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers, Nashville Predators and the Atlanta Thrashers. He was drafted 131st overall by the Rangers in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="5858448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858448" title="Australia national handball team">
Australia national handball team

The Australia national handball team is the national handball team of Australia and is controlled by the Australian Handball Federation. The team is considered the best in the Oceania region.
Current squad.
This is the squad for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship.
Head coach: Jan Ottosen

</doc>
<doc id="5858470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858470" title="Preces">
Preces

Preces (Latin "preces", plural of "prex", "prayer") are, in liturgical worship, short petitions that are said or sung as versicle and response by the officiant and respectively. This form of prayer is one of the oldest in Christianity, finding its source in both the pre-Christian Hebrew prayers of the Psalms in Temple Worship, 
The Anglican tradition.
An example familiar to Anglicans is the opening versicles and responses of the Anglican services of Morning and Evening Prayer according to the "Book of Common Prayer":
This particular form has existed in all of the liturgical churches since well before the Reformation. The responses continue later in the service, after the Apostle's Creed. 
There are many musical settings of the text, ranging from largely homophonic settings such as those by William Byrd and Thomas Morley, to more elaborate arrangements that may even require organ accompaniment.
The Roman Catholic tradition.
The Latin Rite.
In the Roman Rite, the term "preces" is not applied in a specific sense to the versicles and responses of the different liturgical hours, on which those used in the Anglican services are based. In the Roman Rite Liturgy of the Hours, the word "preces" is freely used in the Latin text with its generic meaning of "prayers", but it has a specialized meaning in reference to the prayers said at Morning and Evening Prayer after the Benedictus or Magnificat and followed by the Lord's Prayer and the concluding prayer or Collect. They vary with the seasons (Advent, Christmastide, Lent, Eastertide, and Ordinary Time), being repeated generally only at four-week intervals, and with the celebration of saints. In the most widely used English translation of the Liturgy of the Hours, they are referred to as Intercessions, and are very similar to the General Intercessions found within the confines of the Mass.
An example is that of Morning Prayer on Thursday of Week 2 in Ordinary Time:
The Latin Rite before 1962.
In earlier iterations of the Roman Breviary before 1962, however, the "preces" proper referred to a series of versicles and responses which were said either standing or kneeling, depending on the day or season in which the prayers were to be uttered. There were two forms, the Dominical or abridged preces, and the Ferial or unabridged preces. These were said, as in the Anglican communion, at both morning (Prime) and Evening (Vespers) Prayer. Here follows the Dominical preces from the common Prime office, from an edition of the pre-1962 Breviary online 
After which would follow the General confession of sins. 
This form of prayer has ceased to be used in all of the Roman rite, aside from some of the more traditional groups.
The Mozaribic Rite.
In the Mozarabic Rite the "Preces" or "Preca" are chants of penitential character used only in Lent. They are in the form of a litany, with a short response (usually "miserere nobis" - have mercy on us) to each invocation
The Opus Dei "Preces".
In the Catholic prelature Opus Dei, the Preces are a special set of prayers said by each member every day. 
The Preces is a daily vocal prayer said by members of the Roman Catholic prelature of Opus Dei. It is also called "Prayers of the Work." Preces is the Latin word for "prayers." 
The prayer was originally composed by Josemaría Escrivá in December 1930. It was the first common activity of the members of Opus Dei in history. Escrivá commented, "Since the heart of Opus Dei has to be like this, it is clear that the Lord wanted that we start with prayer. Prayer will be the first official act of the members of the Work of God." Escrivá in accordance to what he preached in "The Way" 86, about "using the psalms and prayers from the missal" for one's prayer, composed the prayer putting together phrases that he took from established liturgical prayers, and from the psalms. The prayers have undergone several changes through time.
The Preces, which is called "the universal prayer of the work", is described by one journalist as including "blessing of everyone from the Pope to Virgin Mary to the prelate of Opus Dei". John L. Allen describes its contents as follows: "invocations to the Holy Spirit, Jesus Christ, the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint Joseph, the Guardian Angels, and Saint Josemaría, then prayers for the Holy Father, the bishop of the diocese, unity among all those working to spread the gospel, the prelate of Opus Dei and the other members of the Work, and invocations to Saints Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Peter, Paul, and John (the Patrons of Opus Dei)".

</doc>
<doc id="5858472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858472" title="Gibson Melody Maker">
Gibson Melody Maker

The Gibson Melody Maker is an electric guitar made by Gibson Guitar Corporation.
Melody Maker (1959-1971).
The Gibson Melody Maker was first launched in 1959 and discontinued in 1971. It had a thin slab-style mahogany body and a one-piece mahogany neck. All the electronics, from the small single-coil pickups to the cable jack, were assembled on the pickguard and installed in a rout in the front of the body. The strings ran from a straight-sided simplification of the traditional Gibson headstock at one end to a wraparound bridge/tailpiece unit at the other.
Body style.
From 1959 until 1961, the Melody Maker had a single cutaway slab body style similar to the early Les Paul Junior model but thinner. In 1961 the body style changed to a symmetrical double cutaway, resembling a Gretsch 6122 or a Danelectro Shorthorn; the single cutaway model was discontinued. The body style was changed in 1966 to a style similar to the SG, with pointed "horns", a large white scratchplate, and white pickup covers instead of black. Note: Melody Maker "D" refers to the double pickup model of any vintage but is often mistakenly used for the double cutaway model.
Options.
Options on the Melody Maker included two pickups, the "D" model and a short-scale 3/4 neck. In 1967 a twelve-string version and a three pickup version were introduced, the Melody Maker 12 and III respectively. A short length version of the Vibrola vibrato device was also available as an option.
Colors.
From 1959 to 1962 the finish was a sunburst, from 1963 to 1965 it was cherry, from 1966 it was fire engine red or pelham blue, in 1967 red was replaced by sparkling burgundy and walnut became an option from 1968. Rare examples were made to order in other custom Gibson colors e.g. Inverness Green.
Melody Maker (1971-1972).
The Melody Maker was discontinued and replaced by the SG 100, 200 and 250.
Melody Maker (1977-1983).
The Melody Maker double-cutaway model was revived in 1977 and discontinued again in 1983. Some minor changes were introduced into the design including single coil pickups embossed with the Gibson logo, all metal tuning pegs and a latter-day Gibson stop tail piece and Tune-O-Matic bridge.
Melody Maker (1986-1988).
In 1986, Gibson issued a Melody Maker with a single-cutaway body. It had one humbucking pickup, Grover tuners, a Tune-O-Matic bridge, and a stop tailpiece.
Two humbucking pickup models with two thumb switches were also made but are hard to find.
Melody Maker Flyer/Pro II (1987-1992).
This rare model features an explorer neck, Grover tuners, Kahler tremolo system and dual humbuckers. The body is standard single-cutaway Melody Maker. The finish is black with a perloid pick guard.
All American II.
The Gibson All American II was built in the mid-1990s as part of the company's "All American" line which also included The Hawk and The Paul II. It was inspired by the original Melody Maker, but differed from it in having chrome tuners, no scratchplate, controls rear-mounted in the traditional Gibson solid-body style, and a bridge/vibrola unit.
The All American II featured two high output single coil pickups creating a tonality similar to a hotrodded telecaster than a typical Gibson instrument.
The All American line was discontinued in 1998.
Les Paul Melody Maker.
The Melody Maker was returned to the Gibson line as a sub-model of the Les Paul model. It offered a mixture of traditional Melody Maker features (straight-sided headstock, white button tuners, jack positioned on the top) and traditional Les Paul Junior features (bridge-mounted dogear P-90 pickup, Junior-style control mounting and pattern).
Like both the original Melody Maker and the original Junior, the Les Paul Melody Maker featured dot inlays as fretboard markers and did not have a cap on its top. Unlike either the original Melody Maker or the original Junior, both of which used wraparaound bridge/tailpiece units, the Les Paul Melody Maker used a Tune-O-Matic bridge and separate stop tailpiece.
The Les Paul Melody Maker also differed from other Les Paul submodels in the width of the neck and the length of the heel.
2007 Melody Maker.
In 2007, the Melody Maker became a separate model. It now has a smaller single-coil pickup than the P-90, a wraparound bridge/tailpiece unit, a mahogany neck, and a pickguard similar to the original Melody Maker. The CEO of Gibson said in reference to the new Melody Maker that it could "almost be considered a reissue of a 1959 Gibson Melody Maker." The guitar is offered in satin finishes and is one of the most economical Gibson guitars in recent years. It was originally offered in single and dual pickup configurations. The dual pickup configuration was discontinued in 2008 and is now considered a collectors item on eBay
2008 Joan Jett Signature Model.
In 2008 Gibson released the Joan Jett Signature Melody Maker. It differs from the standard model by having a single burstbucker 3 humbucker pickup, an ebony fretboard and a double-cutaway body in white with a black vinyl pickguard. It also features a kill switch in place of a pickup selector. Jett has owned her Melody Maker since 1977 and has played it on all her hits. It retails for $839. There is now also a "Blackheart" version of this guitar introduced in 2010. All specs are the same, but it is finished in black, with red and pearl heart inlays.
2011 Melody Maker.
In 2011 Gibson released the Flying V Melody Maker, Explorer Melody Maker, SG Melody Maker and the Les Paul Melody Maker. All feature a humbucker and 1 volume knob, at a MSRP of $829us. They are limited edition and the colours available are Blue, Satin White and Ebony.
2014 Les Paul Melody Maker.
In 2014, the Melody Maker name was reused for a new Les Paul variant. This single-cut variant uses the thinner body of the Les Paul Custom Lite, with a carved maple top, and a satin nitrocellulose finish. It also incorporates a maple neck with a 50's rounded profile, a full-size Les Paul headstock with a "Melody Maker" truss rod cover, and two P-90S pickups. These pickups, based on the original pickups of the Gibson ES-125, use Fender-style Alnico slug magnets as opposed to the usual bar magnets.

</doc>
<doc id="5858477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858477" title="Numa Sadoul">
Numa Sadoul

Numa Sadoul (born 1947, Brazzaville, French Equatorial Africa (now Republic of Congo)) is a French writer, actor, and director, who has been a resident of France since 1966.
As a student, Sadoul interviewed and befriended the famous Belgian comic artist Hergé, famous for his "Adventures of Tintin"—an unexpected coup, as Hergé gave few interviews. The interviews were recorded on 14 hours of tape, and, after heavy editing by Hergé, released as a book: "Tintin et moi / entretiens avec Hergé" ("Tintin and I: Interviews with Hergé"), in 1975. In 2003, the book was used as a basis for a documentary film "Tintin and I", directed by Anders Østergaard.
Sadoul has also published interviews with other leading comic book artists, such as André Franquin ("Et Franquin créa la gaffe", 1986), Moebius ("Entretiens avec Moebius", 1991), Jacques Tardi ("Tardi", 2000), Philippe Vuillemin ("Vuillemin", 2000), and Uderzo (2000), as well as books on Gotlib ("Gotlib", 1974) and Moebius ("Mister Moebius et Docteur Gir", 1976).

</doc>
<doc id="5858497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858497" title="L &amp; N Train Station (Clarksville, Tennessee)">
L &amp; N Train Station (Clarksville, Tennessee)

The L & N Train Station is a restored railroad station in Clarksville, Tennessee.
It is restored to circa 1901 AD and includes a steam locomotive and railroad museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5858505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858505" title="Johnson v. Zerbst">
Johnson v. Zerbst

Johnson v. Zerbst, 304 U.S. 458 (1938), was a United States Supreme Court case, in which the petitioner, Johnson, had been convicted in federal court of feloniously possessing, uttering, and passing counterfeit money in a trial where he had not been represented by an attorney but instead by himself. Johnson filed for habeas corpus relief, claiming that his Sixth Amendment right to counsel had been violated, but he was denied by both a federal district court and the court of appeals.
Supreme Court involvement.
The United States Supreme Court agreed to hear the case and overturned the decisions of the lower courts. In a six to two decision, the Court held that the federal court had infringed upon Johnson’s life and liberty by not giving him counsel to defend him during trial. In the majority opinion written by Justice Hugo Black, the Court held that,
This set the precedent that defendants have the right to be represented by an attorney unless they waive their right to counsel knowing full well the potential consequences. This precedent, however, only made this right applicable to federal defendants and did not extend to defendants in trials under state jurisdiction. Assistance of counsel was held to be requisite to due process of law in state felony proceedings with the "Gideon v. Wainwright" decision in 1963.

</doc>
