<doc id="5906604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906604" title="Qchex">
Qchex

Qchex was a website that allowed people to create and send checks drawn on any bank so long as they provided the ABA number and account number and a valid email address. The "Qchex" could then be e-mailed and printed out by the recipients.
On September 25, 2006, United States District Judge William Q. Hayes, responding to a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit alleging that Qchex's practice of e-mailing personal checks without verifying the identity of the check-writers resulted in widespread fraud, ordered the practice halted. The FTC said it had received over 600 complaints from consumers who say the practice was used to fraudulently withdraw money from their accounts, including using federal agencies, like the FTC itself.
Qchex's website itself advised that people register with Qchex to ensure that "no one else can set up or access your account numbers on the Qchex system."
In September 2005, the FTC had stated that Qchex's security practices had been haphazard and ineffective. Qchex continued to refuse to add verification procedures, and continued to offer their service despite the FTC's involvement and more than 600 complaints from consumers who reported their accounts as being illegally debited. Sept. 27, 2006 Qchex had suspended service until further notice in agreement and response to an FTC request. The defendants named in this case were Neovi Inc., doing business as Neovi Data Corp. and Qchex.com; G7 Productivity Systems Inc., doing business as Qchex.com; and their principals, James M. Danforth and Thomas Villwock. All the defendants were based in San Diego, Calif.

</doc>
<doc id="5906616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906616" title="Max Tonetto">
Max Tonetto

Max Tonetto (born 18 November 1974 in Trieste) is a retired Italian football midfielder (football). Naturally left footed, his preferred position was the left midfielder position. He was often used at left back however and could play as a left wing-back.
Club career.
In 2000, Tonetto's career came to a shift when he moved to Lecce, where he became team captain in 2003.
From 2004 to 2006, he enjoyed great success at Serie A side Sampdoria, where he got his first taste of European football in the UEFA Cup. After the end of his contract with Sampdoria, he signed a two-year deal with Roma. He has played more than 300 Serie A games.
In his first season with Roma he showed good performances as a left-back. Although in his thirties, Tonetto is still, despite injuries, able to produce great and outstanding performances.
Tonetto scored his first goal for A.S Roma during a match against Empoli in the 2007–2008 season, by completing Francesco Totti's pass and scoring a wonderful goal.
In November 2007, he signed a new contract with Roma which would last until 30 June 2010.
On 11 March 2009, he blasted Roma's eighth and final penalty into the stands in the shootout against Arsenal, which meant Roma were knocked out of the Champions League, failing to progress to the quarter finals.
His contract with Roma expired 30 June 2010, and he retired.
International career.
Tonetto won his one and only cap for Italy against the Faroe Islands in a qualification match for Euro 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5906617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906617" title="Gebesee">
Gebesee

Gebesee is a town in the district of Sömmerda, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated near the confluence of the rivers Gera and Unstrut, 18 km northwest of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5906624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906624" title="Al Jensen">
Al Jensen

Allan Raymond Jensen (born November 27, 1958 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender.
Selected 31st overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft, Jensen only played one game for the Red Wings before he was traded to the Washington Capitals in July 1981 in exchange for Mark Lofthouse. It was with the Capitals that he was given the chance to blossom into a starting goaltender, and helped guide the team to its first playoff appearance in the 1982–83 NHL season. The next season Jensen achieved even more as he was a co-winner of the William M. Jennings Trophy with teammate Pat Riggin.
Jensen played almost six seasons with the Capitals before he was traded to the Los Angeles Kings in the middle of the 1986–87 NHL season in exchange for defenseman Garry Galley. He played one season with the New Haven Nighthawks of the AHL before retiring from active professional play. In 179 NHL games, Jensen posted a 95-53-18 regular season record.
Currently Al Jensen has served in the Southern Counties area as the head goaltending scout for the NHL's central scouting. He has completed 6 years as a pro scout and is continuing for a couple more seasons.
His son, Trevor, teaches Maths and PE at King's Christian Collegiate in Oakville, Canada. He is also the Boy's Ice Hockey Coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906626" title="Horace Trumbauer">
Horace Trumbauer

Horace Trumbauer (December 28, 1868 – September 18, 1938) was a prominent American architect of the Gilded Age, known for designing residential manors for the wealthy. Later in his career he also designed hotels, office buildings, and much of the campus of Duke University. Trumbauer's massive palaces flattered the egos of his "robber baron" clients, but were dismissed by his professional peers. His work made him a wealthy man, but his buildings rarely received positive critical recognition. Today, however, he is hailed as one of America's premier architects, with his buildings drawing critical acclaim even to this day.
Career.
Trumbauer was born in Philadelphia, the son of a salesman. He completed a 6-year apprenticeship with G. W. and W. D. Hewitt, and opened his own architectural office at age 21. He did some work for developers Wendell and Smith, designing homes for middle-class planned communities, including the Overbrook Farms and Wayne Estate developments.
Trumbauer's first major commission was Grey Towers Castle (1893), designed for the sugar magnate William Welsh Harrison. Its exterior was based on Alnwick Castle in Northumberland, England, although its interiors were French, ranging in style from Renaissance to Louis XV.
Harrison introduced him to the streetcar and real estate developer Peter A. B. Widener, whose 110-room Georgian-revival palace, Lynnewood Hall (1897–1900), launched Trumbauer's successful career. For the Wideners, the Elkinses and their circle, he designed mansions in Philadelphia, New York, and Newport, RI, office buildings, hospitals, and the main library at Harvard University: The Harry Elkins Widener Memorial Library. Built with a gift from Eleanor Elkins Widener, the library is a memorial to her son, Harry, Class of 1907, an enthusiastic young bibliophile who died on the RMS Titanic.
In 1903, he married Sara Thomson Williams and became stepfather to Agnes Helena. "Architectural Record" published a survey of his work in 1904.
In 1906, Trumbauer hired Julian Abele, the first African-American graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Architecture Department, and promoted him to chief designer in 1909. Trumbauer's later buildings are sometimes attributed to Abele, but this is speculation. With the exception of the chapel at Duke University (1934), Abele never claimed credit for any of the firm's buildings designed during Trumbauer's lifetime.
The commission for the Philadelphia Museum of Art (1916–28) was shared between Trumbauer's firm and Zantzinger, Borie and Medary. Trumbauer architect Howell Lewis Shay is credited with the building's plan and massing, although the perspective drawings appear to be in Abele's hand. When it opened in 1928, the building was criticized as being vastly overscaled and nicknamed "the great Greek garage". But, perched on Fairmount Hill and terminating the axis of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, it is now considered to be the most magnificently situated museum in the United States.
In 1933, Trumbauer was commissioned to build an ornate Anti-Regime French style mansion for Herbert Nathan Straus, the youngest son of Macy's founder Isidor Straus. Built in limestone with intricate carvings on the façade, the mansion is now the largest private residence in Manhattan. It is currently owned by financier Jeffrey Epstein and the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation. The mansion exemplifies the classic but opulent style requested of industry barons of that time.
Despite tremendous success and his apparent ability to impress wealthy clients, Trumbauer suffered from overwhelming shyness and a sense of inferiority about his lack of formal education. He had a number of commissions until the Great Depression, but began to drink heavily to help bear his burdens. He died of cirrhosis of the liver in 1938, and is buried in West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5906629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906629" title="Zoridae">
Zoridae

The Zoridae are a spider family with more than 70 described species in 13 genera.
Spiders in this family hunt without webs.
It is very hard to determine species, especially in the "Zora" genus.
Distribution.
Most species occur in the tropics (South America, Australia, Africa, Asia). The species "Israzorides judaeus" is endemic to Israel, and several species of the genus "Zora" can be found in colder climates, including the U.S. and Europe up to Sweden.
Gallery of natural light images.
From other Wikipedia articles

</doc>
<doc id="5906644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906644" title="Willie McClendon">
Willie McClendon

Willie Edward McClendon (born September 13, 1957) is a former American football running back in the National Football League. Selected in the 1979 NFL Draft, he played for the Chicago Bears from 1979 to 1982. He is the father of former Bears wide receiver, and current University of Georgia running backs coach Bryan McClendon. Both father and son attended the University of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="5906656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906656" title="Gedern">
Gedern

Gedern is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hesse, Germany, and historically belongs to Oberhessen. It is located northeast of Hanau at the foot of the Vogelsberg, once one of the largest inactive volcanoes in Europe.
Neighboring towns.
Gedern is bordered by Schotten (Vogelsbergkreis) in the north, by Grebenhain (Vogelsbergkreis) in the northeast, by Birstein (Main-Kinzig-Kreis) in the east, by Kefenrod in the south, by Ortenberg in the southwest, and Hirzenhain in the west.
Organization.
Gedern is divided into the districts of Gedern, Mittel-Seemen, Nieder-Seemen, Ober-Seemen, Steinberg, and Wenings.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council consists of the mayor, Stefan Betz (independent), and the aldermen Klaus Hein, Walter Lutz and Barbara Gundlach (CDU), Klaus Bechthold and Andreas Steder (SPD), Reinhold Landmann and Irmtraud Köhler (FWG) and Willi Herbst (Bürgerliste Gedern).
Mayor.
The last election for mayor was held in 2005 in which Stefan Betz was elected to replace Wolfgang Zenkert (CDU) who retired for health reasons.
Coat of arms.
The city coat of arms shows two trout on a red and silver striped background. These represent the copious amounts of fish that were caught in and around Gedern throughout its history. The silver stripes stand for the two creeks that run through Gedern "Mühlbach" and "Gänsbach".
Partnerships.
Gedern is twinned with Columbia, Illinois, and Polanów, Poland, through the Sister Cities Program. The village of Wenings is also partnered with Nucourt, France.
Economy and infrastructure.
Local companies.
Measured by its size, Gedern was an important industrial hub during the 1980s in the industrially weak area around the Vogelsberg. There were several textile, wood, rubber, and metal refining factories. Today only a large metal-refining company is still active.
Today Gedern is economically unimportant. Retail, manual labor, and trade work that make up the core of the economic activities are done on a very small scale. The vast majority of the inhabitants of Gedern commute to other areas in the Rhein-Main and Gießen regions.

</doc>
<doc id="5906657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906657" title="Hollis/Brookline Middle School">
Hollis/Brookline Middle School

Hollis/Brookline Middle School (HBMS), formerly known as Hollis/Brookline Junior High School until 2001, is a public two-year middle school covering grades seven and eight located in Hollis, New Hampshire, serving both Hollis and Brookline, New Hampshire. It is administered by New Hampshire School Administration Unit (SAU) 41, which encompasses both towns.
History.
Hollis/Brookline Middle School was known as Hollis/Brookline Junior High School until 2001. Until the creation of the new Hollis/Brookline High School in 1997, the middle school building served as the high school for both towns, with grades seven and eight occupying the current Hollis Upper Elementary School. On the middle school's property is the historic Farley Building, the original school in Hollis built in 1877, which was used for classes until 2006.
Organization.
HBMS has a full-time principal responsible to the superintendent of the Hollis-Brookline Cooperative School District. The principal is supported by a full-time assistant principal and various administrative staff.
In 1999, the school reorganized into four teams, two each for seventh and eighth grades. Each team is named after a historical figure, with the exception of Team Jordan (seventh grade) which memorializes Jordan Coffey, a former student who died from a brain tumor in 2005. Team McAuliffe (also seventh grade) remembers Christa McAuliffe, the Concord school teacher who died in the Challenger accident. Team Prescott (eighth grade) honors William Prescott, an American colonel in the Revolutionary War, and Team Hypatia (also eighth grade) recognizes the contributions of the ancient Greek scholar Hypatia.
Each team comprises teachers of English, Life Science (seventh grade) or Earth Science (eighth grade), Mathematics, and Social Studies. Specialist teachers, including Art, Health, Middle School 101 (seventh grade), Highschool 101 (eighth grade), Shop,and Foreign Languages (French or Spanish) or Reading teach all four teams.
Athletics.
The school's sports teams include:

</doc>
<doc id="5906669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906669" title="Language-learning aptitude">
Language-learning aptitude

Language learning aptitude refers to the “prediction of how well, relative to other individuals, an individual can learn a foreign language in a given amount of time and under given conditions.”
As with many measures of aptitude, language learning aptitude is thought to be relatively stable once a person matures. Every person shows a remarkable learning aptitude for learning their first language. That seems to disappear for most people once they go to school.
Language learning disability.
Some high schools, universities or other institutions will interpret low language learning aptitude as a sign of a language learning disability. A pattern of evidence from several sources can help to diagnose a foreign language learning disability. Evidence can come from scoring poorly on language learning aptitude assessments, like the Modern Language Aptitude Test, Pimsleur Language Aptitude Battery, Modern Language Aptitude Test - Elementary or Defense Language Aptitude Battery, while attaining average or above-average scores on aptitude assessments in other areas, like general intelligence. A history of scoring poorly on an array of language aptitude tests taken at the appropriate time (MLAT-E for grades 3-6, PLAB for grades 7-12, MLAT for adults) can provide even stronger evidence for a language learning disability. Evidence can also come from comparing a poor past performance in foreign language courses with average or above-average performance in other courses unrelated to language learning.
John B. Carroll.
John B. Carroll, an influential psychologist in the field of educational linguistics, developed a theory about a cluster of four abilities that factored into language learning aptitude, separate from verbal intelligence and motivation. Using these four distinct abilities (phonetic coding ability, grammatical sensitivity, rote learning ability, and inductive learning ability), Carroll developed the MLAT, a language aptitude assessment for adults. 
The four ability components are defined as follows:
Paul Pimsleur.
Paul Pimsleur, also known for the Pimsleur language learning system, spent time researching four factors that he believed to be related to language learning aptitude. Pimsleur included grade point average as an indication of general academic achievement as well as motivation in his factors. In addition, the verbal ability factor indicated how well a student would be able to handle the mechanics of learning a foreign language and the auditory factor indicated how well a student would be able to listen to and produce phrases in a foreign language. To test these four factors, Pimsleur developed the Pimsleur Language Aptitude Battery.
Uses of aptitude measurement.
Measurements of language learning aptitude are used in many different ways. The United States Department of Defense uses a measurement of language learning aptitude, the Defense Language Aptitude Battery, to help place employees in positions that require them to learn a new language. 
Governmental agencies use the MLAT as a tool to select and place employees in intensive language training programs. Businesses and missionaries use the MLAT to select, place and plan for language training. Universities, colleges and high schools use the MLAT to help in the diagnosis of foreign language learning disabilities. Although each institution has its own policy, many will waive a foreign language requirement in cases of a foreign language learning disability in favor of a history or linguistic course.
Schools use the PLAB and MLAT-E to place students in suitable language courses, build a history of a foreign language learning difficulty, identify especially gifted students in respect to language learning and to match learning styles with instructional styles.

</doc>
<doc id="5906689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906689" title="NNO">
NNO

NNO may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5906697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906697" title="Five Variants of Dives and Lazarus">
Five Variants of Dives and Lazarus

Five Variants of Dives and Lazarus is a work for harp and string orchestra by Ralph Vaughan Williams. The composition is based on the folk tune "Dives and Lazarus", one of the folk songs quoted in Vaughan Williams' "English Folk Song Suite".
Vaughan Williams composed the work on commission from the British Council to be played at the 1939 World's Fair in New York City. The first performance was by the New York Philharmonic at Carnegie Hall on 10 June 1939, conducted by Sir Adrian Boult. The other works premiered on that occasion were Arthur Bliss's Piano Concerto in B-flat, and Arnold Bax's Symphony No. 7.
Boult also directed the first UK performance in November 1939 in Bristol.
The folk tune was also arranged by Vaughan Williams as a hymn tune "Kingsfold," appearing as "O Sing a Song of Bethlehem," in The English Hymnal as "I Heard the Voice of Jesus say," (no. 574 in the original 1906 edition).
Sections.
The structure, key and tempo markings for the work are as follows:
In film.
The piece is used at the start of the 2010 film "Cemetery Junction".

</doc>
<doc id="5906704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906704" title="Senoculidae">
Senoculidae

Senoculidae is a spider family with 31 described species in one genus. 
They belong to the superfamily Lycosoidea. "Bark Hunter" is the common name used by researchers. 
Distribution.
They are restricted to Central and South America.
Species.
"Senoculus" Taczanowski, 1872

</doc>
<doc id="5906709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906709" title="Frey's syndrome">
Frey's syndrome

Frey's syndrome (also known as Baillarger’s syndrome, Dupuy’s syndrome, auriculotemporal syndrome, or Frey-Baillarger syndrome) is a rare neurological disorder resulting from damage to or near the parotid glands responsible for making saliva, and from damage to the auricotemporal nerve often from surgery.
The symptoms of Frey's syndrome are redness and sweating on the cheek area adjacent to the ear (see focal hyperhidrosis). They can appear when the affected person eats, sees, dreams, thinks about or talks about certain kinds of food which produce strong salivation. Observing sweating in the region after eating a lemon wedge may be diagnostic. 
Signs and symptoms.
Signs and symptoms include erythema (redness/flushing) and sweating in the cutaneous distribution of the auriculotemporal nerve, usually in response to gustatory stimuli. There is sometimes pain in the same area, often of a burning nature. Between attacks of pain there is sometimes numbness or other alterred sensations (anesthesia or paresthesia). This is sometimes termed "gustatory neuralgia".
Causes.
Frey's syndrome often results as a side effect of surgeries of or near the parotid gland or due to injury to the auriculotemporal nerve, which passes through the parotid gland in the early part of its course. The Auriculotemporal branch of the Trigeminal nerve carries parasympathetic fibers to the sweat glands of the scalp and the parotid gland. As a result of severance and inappropriate regeneration, the parasympathetic nerve fibers may switch course, resulting in "gustatory Sweating" or sweating in the anticipation of eating, instead of the normal salivatory response.
It is often seen with patients who have undergone endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy, a surgical procedure wherein part of the sympathetic trunk is cut or clamped to treat sweating of the hands or blushing. The subsequent regeneration or nerve sprouting leads to abnormal sweating and salivating. It can also include discharge from the nose when smelling certain food.
Rarely, Frey's syndrome can result from causes other than surgery, including accidental trauma,local infections, sympathetic dysfunction and pathologic lesions within the parotid gland.
Treatments.
There is no effective treatment, but various options are described:
Epidemiology.
The condition is rare.
History.
It is named after Łucja Frey-Gottesman.

</doc>
<doc id="5906710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906710" title="Iris (EP)">
Iris (EP)

Iris is Miranda Sex Garden's second release, and first EP.

</doc>
<doc id="5906713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906713" title="Cavalier song">
Cavalier song

Cavalier song is a Jacobean and Carolinian genre of song, a later equivalent to Elizabethan lute song. Many of the surviving examples were part of a large scale lavish court entertainment, the Stuart Masque. The genre is not as widely heard as the lute song, partly due to modern sources for the songs, such as large "Musica Britannica" volumes being impractical for playing and singing from If playing from the original notation the lute or keyboard player needs to be able to perform from unfigured bass. 
The period has been neglected by musicologists for some years, because when the songs are played through on the piano they lack substance, and their true worth only emerges through a communicative performance. However, some songs such as Henry Lawes's "The Lark",
William Lawes' "Gather ye Rosebuds", various songs by Thomas Brewer and Nicholas Lanier's "The Marigold" have found their way into singing anthologies.
Much of this repertoire was recorded and performed by the "Consort of Musicke"
under Antony Rooley.

</doc>
<doc id="5906718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906718" title="Subaru R1e">
Subaru R1e

The Subaru R1e is a battery-electric microcar undergoing development and testing. The car was jointly developed with Tokyo Electric Power, the giant Japanese utility company. Currently 10 prototypes have been built and are undergoing testing by Tokyo Electric Power, which plans to eventually operate 3,000 of the vehicles starting in 2008. The vehicle has a range of and a top speed of .
The prototype is a two-door, two seat vehicle based upon the Subaru R1 gasoline vehicle. This vehicle has received intense interest from electric vehicle fans owing to its modern battery technology, appropriate size, and potential performance attributes. It also has the same grille as the 1st generation Subaru Tribeca.
The car uses a lithium-ion battery which was developed in cooperation with NEC and can be recharged to 80% capacity in eight minutes using a special rapid charger, or to 100% charge in eight hours on a standard 100 V plug. Battery life is at least 10 years or 144,000-plus miles (240,000 km). Tokyo Electric Power company plans on producing 150 fast-charge stations.
Another electric prototype car, the G4e, is a follow-up to the R1e with an improved battery, range, and bolder styling.

</doc>
<doc id="5906722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906722" title="Minni Minnawi">
Minni Minnawi

Suliman Arcua Minnawi, known as "Minni Minnawi" (born 1968 in Furawiyya, North Darfur), was the leader of the largest faction of the Sudanese Liberation Army until South Sudan seceded. A former educator, Minnawi was the Secretary of Sudan Liberation Army leader, Abdul Wahid Nur, before the organization split in 2004. Minnawi belongs to the Zaghawa ethnic group, the Ila Digen (or Awlad Digayn) clan of the non-Arab, Saharan Zaghawa people.
Minnawi signed a treaty, known as the Darfur Peace Agreement, with the Khartoum government in May 2006. Nevertheless, in July 2006, fighting broke out around the North Darfur town of Korma, resulting in the deaths of at least 80 people. 
In the same year, Minnawi was appointed the top Sudanese official in the Darfur region, as chairman of the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority, and was technically the fourth ranking member of the Presidency, as Senior Assistant to the President of the Republic. 
On September 14, 2006, in defiance of Khartoum's opposition, Minnawi supported the new UN peacekeeping force detailed in UNSC Resolution 1706, which was designed to protect the Sudanese people. Minnawi opposed the Sudan government's genocidal agenda, which was exercised by Bashir against the Zaghawa, and other Black African citizens, for which crimes Bashir was later indicted by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
In December 2010, the Sudan Liberation Movement withdrew from the Darfur Peace Agreement. Minnawi resigned as Senior Assistant to the President of Sudan and as Chairperson of the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority, to merge his faction, SLM/MM, with the other resistance defense forces in Darfur, including SLM/AW, Abdul Wahid, in resisting attacks by the Sudanese Armed Forces, and its militia, on citizens in rebel-held areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5906732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906732" title="12th Indian Infantry Brigade">
12th Indian Infantry Brigade

The 12th Indian Infantry Brigade (Secunderabad) was part of the Singapore Fortress garrison during World War II.
History.
The 12th Indian Brigade was one of the regular units based in Malaya before the Japanese invasion in December 1941. During the Battle of Malaya which ended with the surrender of a British Army at Singapore in February 1942, the 12th Brigade performed better than most units. One of its units, 2nd Bn, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, was considered to be the best jungle fighters at the time and the Argylls' commander, Lt.Col. Ian Stewart, one of the better leaders during the campaign. The brigade were among the first troops to face the Japanese when they landed on 7 December 1941 (See Japanese Invasion of Malaya).
While the rest of the British and Indian forces were thrown in disarray by the rapid encircling and flanking attacks of the Japanese, the 12th Brigade under Brigadier Archie Paris, was able to inflict casualties and slow down the Japanese forces during the fighting in Northern Malaya.

</doc>
<doc id="5906746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906746" title="The Red Death">
The Red Death

The Red Death were a extreme metal band from Bath, New York.
History.
Formed in 2002 after the demise of Another Day Forgotten by singer Paul Hamblin, guitarist Josh Williammee, and drummer Graham Mitchell, the original lineup was rounded out by guitarist Brian VanGelder and bassist Karl Janovec. In 2003 Bryan left the band and was replaced by Nate Golia, a guitarist from nearby Rochester, NY, formerly of another metal band, Warblade. That summer they embarked on their first short tour, with Virginia screamo band Shadows and the Silence (whose bass player, a Bath native, Dominic Mastronunzino, would replace Karl Janovec the following summer). While on a three-week tour with New Jersey's With Resistance, the band began speaking with Metal Blade Records and signed with them the following fall; however, Nate left the band to concentrate on school and was replaced by Aaron Conti, formerly of If Hope Dies. After signing to Metal Blade, the band embarked on several extended, full-U.S. tours with bands such as From a Second Story Window, The Acacia Strain, Undying, Through the Eyes of the Dead, Arsis, and Into the Moat. In 2006 they were dropped by Metal Blade Records.
With a new bassist (Jordan Rathbun), the band recorded a new demo for prospective labels. They were signed by UK record label Siege of Amida. In a distribution deal with Ferret Records Siege of Amida released The Red Death's second and final full length CD called "Godmakers" in early 2008. That summer the band decided to call it quits. Their final show was Halloween night (2008) at The Little Pickle in Bath, NY. They reunited for a show on Halloween night 2009 at the Half Penny Pub in Syracuse, NY. They stated that this would be their last time that they would ever play together.

</doc>
<doc id="5906752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906752" title="Journal of College Student Development">
Journal of College Student Development

The Journal of College Student Development is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1959 and is the official publication of the American College Personnel Association. The journal publishes scholarly articles and book reviews from a wide variety of academic fields related to college students and student affairs. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the editor-in-chief is John M. Braxton (Vanderbilt University).

</doc>
<doc id="5906755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906755" title="KISA-LD">
KISA-LD

KISA-LD was a low-power television station in San Antonio, Texas, formerly broadcasting in analog on UHF channel 40 as an affiliate of LAT TV. The station is owned by Mako Communications of Corpus Christi, Texas and was available on Grande Communications cable television, but not on Time Warner Cable.
History.
On January 22, 1992, the FCC granted a construction permit to San Antonio College to build a new station to broadcast on UHF channel 48, and assigned it the call sign K48DS. Signing on in January 1994, the station broadcast educational programming. The FCC allocated channel 48 for KSAT-TV's digital operations in April 1997, and San Antonio College tried to move the station to channel 46, but were denied permission to do so. By April 2002, KSAT-DT signed on, and K48DS was forced to shut down. Unable to operate the station on its licensed frequency, and in need of funds for construction, the college sold the station to Mako Communications on August 17, 2004. The new owners relocated the station to channel 40 in March 2005 under the call sign K40IH, then changed the call sign to KISA-LP seven months later.
On May 18, 2006, the station became a charter affiliate of LAT TV, a Spanish-language network that focused on family and educational programming. At the time, KISA-LP did not have cable television carriage, and so, was quite limited in its ability to reach the population of San Antonio, but eventually, the station was able to secure cable television carriage on Grande Communications, but it was a lack of cable carriage that finally forced LAT TV to cease operations on May 20, 2008.
On May 24, 2012, the station changed its call sign to KISA-LD.
In June 2013, KISA-LD was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations. 
Digital programming.
All subchannels are broadcast in 480i with Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="5906756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906756" title="Simon Travis">
Simon Travis

Simon Travis (born 22 March 1977 in Preston) is an English footballer who plays for Brackley Town. He can play on both the right and left sides in a full-back or midfield role, and played for the England C national football team under Paul Fairclough.
He started his career in the Football League with a season at Division Three side Torquay United. He then spent two seasons in Division One at Stockport. After leaving Stockport he spent a total of seven seasons in the Conference with Telford, Forest Green and Stevenage, combining football with his studies at university. He joined Hereford in February 2004. 
His signing coincided with the beginning of an 11 game unbeaten run in the Conference although the team missed out on promotion. The following season he was a regular at full-back and scored on the first day of the season. However the summer of 2005 was not a good time for Travis. Hereford went out of the playoffs in the semi finals and then he sustained a serious injury while playing for England in the Four Nations Tournament. He suffered a collapsed lung and broken ribs which put him out of action for several months. Once he returned he played a key role in a team that won promotion to the Football League via the playoffs, and played in the final, where Hereford defeated Halifax Town 3–2.
The 2006-07 season saw him compete for the right back position with Trent McClenahan, with Travis making more appearances over the course of the season. A proposed loan move to Stockport fell through in the second half of the season.
He spent the 2007-08 season at Nuneaton Borough, and when the club folded in the summer of 2008 he joined Solihull Moors. A year later spent a short period of time at Leamington F.C., later playing for Brackley Town F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="5906769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906769" title="Grapevine beetle">
Grapevine beetle

The grapevine beetle, "Pelidnota punctata", also known as the spotted June beetle or the spotted pelidnota, is a species of beetle, a member of the subfamily Rutelinae of the Scarab beetle family. Grapevine beetles are common in the north and central United States and Eastern Canada, but do relatively little damage to their host plants. The beetles fly at a fast speed, usually in a curving flight.
The adult beetle is approximately 2.5 centimetres (1 inch) long, but can reach 3 cm (1.2 in) occasionally. Its pattern is off-yellow or auburn red, with three black spots running down each side. Fine black lines divide the edges of its elytra. At other times, the beetle may have been known as "Pelidnota lutea." There are two different variations of "Pelidnota punctata", the southern variation lacks the darker legs, while the northern variation has darker legs. As Philip Harpootlian points out, the grapevine beetle is a variable species — so much so that T.L. Casey named ten species and subspecies in 1915, names that were later merged back into "Pelidnota punctata".
Its color, shape, spots, and behavior sometimes lead it to be misidentified as a giant ladybug. While both are beetles, they are from different families.
Habitat and diet.
The beetle lives in the eastern coast of North America, as well as Florida, Nebraska and north western Missouri, and has been found in central Indiana, South Dakota, Minnesota, southern Wisconsin, southeast Michigan, and southwestern Ontario. Also just found in northwestern Kentucky, Illinois, Maryland, New York, South Western Connecticut, western and eastern Pennsylvania, Northern Michigan, and eastern West Virginia. It lives, like many beetles, in forests, thickets, and woods, and is mostly seen during the summer. Active flyers, these beetles are commonly attracted to lights at night. It is also seen in vineyards and gardens.
The adult beetle eats the leaves and fruit of grapevines, both wild and cultivated, although it is not normally a major pest of vineyards.
Beetle eggs are laid in rotten wood, tree stumps, or on soil near the host plant, where they hatch into larvae. Larvae then dig their way into the soil, where they feed on rotted wood. "Pupal chambers" are built shallowly underground. The adults emerge in July.

</doc>
<doc id="5906775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906775" title="Seven Sisters RFC">
Seven Sisters RFC

Seven Sisters RFC (Welsh:Clwb Rygbi Blaendulais) is a rugby union club representing the village of Seven Sisters, Wales, playing in the WRU Division 3 South West league. The club are members of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys. 
History.
Seven Sisters RFC formed in 1897, in the industrialised South Wales coalfield.
During The 1950s and 1960s, when touring teams came to play Seven Sisters they would often be given a tour of the colliery prior to playing a match. It was reputedly common practice that when they were lowered down the shaft, the winding man would deliberately allow the cage to drop like a stone before applying the brake at the last moment. Few touring teams won their matches. 
Seven Sisters RFC were relegated in the 2006-07 season from Division Two West into Division Three South West of the Welsh National Leagues. Seven had a mediocre year after their relegation from Division 2 finishing the year in 6th position. The following Season they narrowly avoided being relegated after a dramatic losing bonus point defeat in the last game of the Season saved them and kept them in Division 3. This was the season when coaches Jeff 'Jako' Davies, Geraint Ellis took over, Julian Hopkins was appointed the Backs Coach a Season later. 
Seven Sisters RFC have gone from strength to strength following their near relegation in the 2008-2009 season. In the years seasons since then they have finished consistently higher up the league every year. They finished 5th in the 2009-2010, and then 3rd in the 2010-2011 Season. 
The 2011-2012 season has again been a more successful season than the previous with Seven finishing 2nd in the league and winning promotion to division 2 for the 2012/2013. They also finished runners up in the West Wales Bowl Competition narrowly losing out 27-26 to Tumble in the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="5906792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906792" title="Mini's First Time">
Mini's First Time

"Mini's First Time" is a 2006 comedy drama film written and directed by Nick Guthe and produced by Trigger Street Productions. It was screened at the Tribeca Film Festival on May 1, 2006 and had a limited release on July 14, 2006. It was released on DVD on October 24, 2006 by HBO Films.
Plot.
Mini Drogues (Nikki Reed) is a clever and adventurous high school senior who is bored with her life. Mini prizes her "unique experiences" (she calls them "firsts"). For excitement, and to add to her list of firsts, Mini decides to try being a call girl. Her first client, however, has a guilty conscience and can't carry through with the act, which disappoints Mini. Her second client is decidedly more exciting — it's her stepfather Martin (Alec Baldwin). Martin is initially shocked when he learns of her identity (he initially blindfolded himself during intercourse as per Mini's request), but soon a torrid love affair blossoms between the two.
In order to be together, Mini and Martin team up against Mini's mother Diane (Carrie-Anne Moss) to have her declared insane. When their plan fails, Mini convinces Martin to murder Diane despite his initial resistance to the idea and to try their best to make it look like Diane committed suicide; they soon attract the attention of a detective (Luke Wilson) who believes Mini and Martin killed Diane and a nosy neighbor (Jeff Goldblum) who is sexually obsessed with Mini. When Martin finds out about the day when Mini went over to their neighbor's house and received sexual pictures that he believes came from the neighbor, he and the neighbor get into a fight. Mini arrives to find Martin standing over the neighbor, ready to beat him into unconsciousness, when the police show up and arrest Martin.
Mini visits Martin in jail and admits that the sexual pictures sent were actually from her in order to get Martin to think that the neighbor sent them. She also reveals that she assumed the police would eventually believe he killed Diane (since he was the more likely perpetrator). Mini, therefore, ends up getting away with murder, and inherits her mother's fortune. The film ends as Mini giving a valedictorian speech due to her mother's death, even though she had straight C's throughout the year, providing advice to the graduating class about how to live a good life that perversely alludes to her crimes without making her look too suspicious. The detective is present at the speech, clearly still suspicious of Mini, but knowing he will probably never be able to prove she is guilty of murder.

</doc>
<doc id="5906798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906798" title="Live!! +one">
Live!! +one

Live!! +one is a live EP that was initially released only in Japan on November 1980 by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. All the tracks were recorded live at the Marquee Club in London on 4 July 1980. The recordings of "Sanctuary" and "Drifter" available on this EP cannot be found anywhere else although the other tracks can be found as b-sides.
In 1984 the EP was released in Greece with an expanded tracklist, but only "I've Got the Fire" was recorded at the Marquee Club. The other added tracks were taken from the "Maiden Japan" EP and "Prowler" was taken from the band's self-titled debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="5906807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906807" title="Thekla Beere">
Thekla Beere

Thekla Beere (1902 – 19 February 1991) was an Irish civil servant who chaired the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women in 1970 and was secretary of Irish Department of Transport and Power.
Thekla Beere was born at Streete, County Westmeath, where her father, the Rev. Francis Beere, was the Church of Ireland rector. She attended Alexandra College, Dublin and did a moderatorship in Legal and Political Sciences and an LL.B at Trinity College, Dublin.
She joined the Civil Service in 1924 and worked initially in the Statistics Branch. In 1925, she won a Rockefeller scholarship and traveled extensively in the USA before resuming her Civil Service career. From 1939, she worked in the Department of Industry and Commerce where during World War II she worked in the area of supply with the then Minister Seán Lemass. She became Assistant Secretary of that Department in 1953. She was the first woman to achieve the rank of Department Secretary at Transport and Power in 1959.
An honorary degree of Doctor of Laws was conferred on her by Trinity College in 1960. After her retirement in 1967 she was active in public life, serving as a governor of Alexandra College and as a director of "The Irish Times". She was requested by the Government to chair the Commission on the Status of Women in 1970 and the "Beere Report" was presented to the Minister for Finance in December 1972.
Beere had a lifelong interest in the proceedings of the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland and was its president. She was a Governor of the Irish Times Trust and chairwoman of the International Labour Office in Geneva. She was a member of the organising committee, which on 7 May 1931 set up An Óige (The Irish Youth Hostelling organisation), of which she was President from 1968 to 1974. She also had an extensive interest in the arts in particular the paintings of Cecil King.

</doc>
<doc id="5906808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906808" title="Jerry Reynolds (basketball player)">
Jerry Reynolds (basketball player)

Jerry "Ice" Reynolds (born December 23, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1st round (22nd overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 6'8" guard-forward from LSU and Madison Area Technical College, Reynolds played in eight NBA seasons from 1985–92 until 1995–96. He played for the Bucks, Seattle SuperSonics and Orlando Magic. His best year as a pro came during the 1989-90 season as a member of the Magic, appearing in 67 games and averaging 12.8 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 1.39 steals per game.
Reynolds is credited with being the first person noted to have used the term "24/7", when he described his jump shot as being "good 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year".
Reynolds was also the beneficiary of Scott Skiles' record-breaking 30th assist on December 30, 1990 against the Denver Nuggets.

</doc>
<doc id="5906813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906813" title="Gefell">
Gefell

Gefell is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 16 km south of Schleiz, and 14 km northwest of Hof. It is where the Berlin professional audio company Georg Neumann GmbH relocated during World War II. During the time of the GDR, Gefell was in East Germany and private companies were nationalized, including this factory. Since reunification, the company, now known as Microtech Gefell, has specialized in microphones and is once again privately owned, this time by the families of managers of the pre-war Neumann company.

</doc>
<doc id="5906825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906825" title="Acoustiblok">
Acoustiblok

Acoustiblok, a registered trademark of Acoustiblok Inc., is a barium free mass loaded construction membrane material which increases the sound attenuation properties of conventional wall and floor/ceiling designs. Acoustiblok material is also used as a component in noise abatement systems. It was introduced in 1999 and is manufactured in the United States.
Physical properties.
Acoustiblok is a 1/8" thick mass loaded vinyl sound isolation material (16 or 32 ounces per square foot) that is barium free, used in architectural acoustics and other noise control applications. Acoustiblok is a dense but very flexible material, which controls sound energy by blocking airborne sound transmission, and dissipating acoustical energy by changing acoustical energy into a trace amount of heat through viscoelastic friction in response to sound waves. Sixteen ounce Acoustiblok is 0.1" (2.5 mm) thick, and weighs 1 lb/ft2 (4.9 kg/m2).
In common with all passive sound attenuation technologies, Acoustiblok material is more effective at controlling high frequency sound than low frequency sound, due to the higher energy of lower frequency sound waves. NVLAP certified laboratory tests by Riverbank Acoustical Laboratories, show that a single layer of 16 oz Acoustiblok reduces transmitted sound by 19 dB at 100 Hz, and 38 dB at 5 kHz. This report describes testing the Acoustiblok only, and not in an actual wall; construction assemblies with Acoustiblok give much higher sound attenuation.
Performance data.
The ability of a partition to block transmission of airborne sound is typically described by a single number rating, Sound Transmission Class (STC). Test procedures and the formula for calculation of STC values are defined in ASTM Standards E90-02 and E413-87. Sixteen ounce Acoustiblok material has an STC of 26.
The overall sound blocking capacity of a partition with Acoustiblok added cannot be calculated by simply adding 26 to the STC rating of a partition as found in reference sources, due to mechanical and acoustical variations in different partition wall and floor/ceiling designs, as well as the fact that STC is a logarithmic calculation and therefore cannot simply be summed. The most reliable comparative indicator of Acoustiblok's performance in practical application is laboratory measurement of the acoustical performance of test partitions. Field-measured sound isolation can vary considerably from lab measurements in any sound isolation protocol. This is generally due to installer error and flanking sound pathways, not as a result of the material failure in the field.
Adding one layer of Acoustiblok to a standard metal stud gypsum board interior wall, increases its STC to 53, which exceeds that of a 12" poured concrete slab, STC 51. STC is calculated using a range of frequencies similar to the human voice; attenuation in higher and lower ranges should be estimated from the Sound Transmission Loss graphs provided with standard STC reports.
Double steel stud partition walls, faced with single layers of drywall and containing fiberglass insulation and Acoustiblok, can achieve an STC of 66, sufficient to control the direct transmission component of high-frequency home cinema and industrial machinery noise.
Construction applications.
Acoustiblok material is typically installed in partition walls and floor/ceiling assemblies during new construction or remodel/renovation work. The materials and techniques used in partitions incorporating Acoustiblok are determined by the minimum requirements for sound attenuation (STC), fire resistance (1 or 2 hour rated partition), and other application specific
considerations (see UL Classification below). Acoustical test reports from NVLAP certified independent laboratories are available to specifiers, for a variety of commonly used partition designs with Acoustiblok added. Construction materials and techniques used in applications must conform closely to those used in tests, to obtain similar results.
Indirect transmission of sound through the frame, slab, windows, or other components of buildings, known as flanking paths, must also be addressed in cases where powerful noise sources and/or requirements for unusually quiet spaces exist. In these cases, there are no "quick fix" single product solutions; the structural design must be reviewed by a competent Acoustician, or an Architect or Engineer familiar with architectural acoustics. In these cases, Acoustiblok may be specified as an organic component of an integrated acoustical package.
UL Classification.
Acoustiblok is qualified for use in commercial and institutional
construction by its UL Classification file. 
under, Fire Tests of Building Construction and Materials. This Classification includes use in wall designs of the U300, U400, and V400 series, and floor-ceiling constructions of the L500 series, as specified in ANSI/UL 263 Fire Resistance Ratings. Ratings of 1 and 2 hours can be obtained, depending on specific partition design.
Component applications.
Acoustiblok has been specified and employed in marine, automotive, and structural component applications, including a window mullion by PAC International, which addresses the problem of flanking sound paths between windows in "glass curtain" high rise construction. Acoustiblok material is also a component of Acoustiblok All Weather Sound Absorbing Panels, a modular indoor/outdoor noise abatement system which eliminates noise problems at the source. Acoustiblok's additional sound abatement products include Acoustiblok-Wallcover®, which attaches directly over the existing wall, requiring no demolition or construction;QuietFiber DIY sound abatement material for reverberant noise and echo; Acoustifence outdoor fencing that is hung on existing fencing or other structure to block and/or contain outdoor noise; Quiet-Cloud industrial sound panels for enclosed public, commercial and industrial settings.

</doc>
<doc id="5906828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906828" title="Suspiria (Miranda Sex Garden album)">
Suspiria (Miranda Sex Garden album)

Suspiria is Miranda Sex Garden's third release, and second album. It saw them moving further into the sounds of darkwave and gothic rock.
Track listing.
$‡ухҠʊeɪ∭∮∇ℕℍ

</doc>
<doc id="5906830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906830" title="Chijgam">
Chijgam

Chijgam is a village located on the coast of the Arabian Sea 160 miles north of Mumbai, India. The village of Dandi, which is famous for Gandhi's salt march, and city of Navsari, which is the birthplace of the founders of TATA (India's largest business group), are located in close proximity of Chijgam. Despite limited resources in Chijgam, many residents of the tiny village become doctors, software engineers, chartered accountants, and the like. Former villagers now reside in the USA, Canada, UK, Kenya, Uganda, Zambia, South Africa, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and New Zealand.
History.
Chijgam was established around 1850 by Makanbhai Patel and few other families who migrated from Mutwaad. Chijgam and all of its neighboring villages were massive sea salt producing areas for almost 200 years. The area that Chijgam is located on is separated from the Arabian Sea by approximately one mile of land. It's located on Kanai Creek which starts from Toli Talav, north of Navsari and ends up at Arabian Sea.
Salt was mainly traded from the Chijgamis to the Banjaras/Vanzaras (gujrati pronunciation) (the gypsy tribe of traders) for money, materials, essentials, food, and jewelry. Eventually technology advanced, and ships were used to transport salt to Mumbai. Adoption of a railroad transportation system replaced Chijgami dependence on the Vanzaras and their camel fleets. Introduction of a fresh water canal system reduced the amount of salt in the sea (brine level) by 40%. The lack of salt eventually ended the salt business that Chijgam was accustomed to. However, canals were useful in rejuvenating farm crops and mango orchards. Despite the demise of the salt manufacturing business, the improvement of the land’s agriculture is why canals were still used. By 1975, opportunities in the diamond cutting and polishing businesses brought prosperity back to Chijgam. Meanwhile, people started to immigrate to Europe and North America. Today Canada and the Persian Gulf have one of the largest number of residents from Chijgam.
Dandi is the place where Gandhi concluded his salt march in 1930. Chijgam is located 7–8 miles from Dandi and share the area of salt manufacturing farms with Dandi. Gandhi also visited Mutwaad, Abrama, Panaar while he stayed for one month before his arrest.
From the 1920s through the 1940s, several Chijgami residents flourished in the Toddy also known as Palm wine, (a semi-alcoholic drink made from the sap of Palm trees) producing and selling business. Toddy can also be distilled and it's known as arrack everywhere. These Chijgamis traveled as far as Nagpur to run such stores and during the festival of Diwali, would return to Chijgam with great wealth. However, before returning to Chijgam, many of the businessmen would hire musicians from neighboring villages and reenter Chijgam with great fanfare and excitement. They would also hire cooks and hold extravagant celebrations and feasts. Unfortunately for Chijgamis, during the 1930s when Gandhi started his support for liquor prohibition, Taadi stores went out of business. Some Chijgamis went into Shipping business using small clipper ships. They used to transport goods between Goa, Mumbai and Bhavnagar. Advent of trucking business through roads put these families out of shipping business through sea. Farmers have now turned to grow rice, sugarcanes, mangoes & sapodillas (chikoo)
Between 1930 through 1970, about 10% of children from Chijgam attended the only high school in the district: the Dahyabhai Sunderji & Bhagwanji Bhimbhai School in Khara Abrama. It is a commute of 8 miles from Chijgam to the DS&BB school. Lalbhai Patel started primary school around 1930's in Chijgam because kids had really hard time to go to Panaar which was only 3 miles commute but through muddy waterway.
During the late 60’s, Chijgamis became famous for playing Kabaddi and volleyball. Chijgam sent regularly Kabaddi and volleyball teams to compete at state level. During games, Chijgam’s musical themesong, “The Pride of Chijgam” was loudly played by local bands against rival bannds during what became known as a musical face-off. The band with the loudest and clearest sound often won the battle.
Chijgamis used to commute 3–6 miles to Abrama & Panar, carrying 30–35 kg of dehusked rice over their heads to convert it into puffed rice & flattened rice.
Religion and Beliefs.
A majority of Chijgam's population ascends from the Koli tribe and worships the goddess Kali (Kalimata). Ten mile pilgrimages to the Kalimata temple, Masa, during the monsoon season were common journeys made by the Chijgamis. There is also the Wageshwarimata temple and a recently constructed Rama temple. When they inhabited Chijgam, Vanzaras frequented Rupamata and Makhanmata temples.
Kolis from Chijgaam who were also agris ( salt gatherers ) also pray to goddess Mumba. It's fact that Mumbai, the biggest city in India is named after goddess Mumba and Mumba Devi Mandir is one of the most popular temple in Mumbai. Chijgamis make pilgrim to Unnaimata (Oonaimata) temple and enjoy sulfur water spring bath at temple. Groups performing Ramlila was big entertainment for chijgaamis during early part of 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5906840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906840" title="Battle of Chavez Ravine">
Battle of Chavez Ravine

The Battle of Chavez Ravine has several meanings, but often refers to controversy surrounding government acquisition of land largely owned by Mexican Americans in Los Angeles' Chavez Ravine over approximately ten years (1951–1961). The eventual result was the removal of the entire population of Chavez Ravine from land on which Dodger Stadium was later constructed. The great majority of the Chavez Ravine land was acquired to make way for proposed public housing. The public housing plan that had been advanced as politically "progressive" and had resulted in the removal of the Mexican American landowners of Chavez Ravine, was abandoned after passage of a public referendum prohibiting the original housing proposal and election of a conservative Los Angeles mayor opposed to public housing. Years later, the land acquired by the government in Chavez Ravine was dedicated by the city of Los Angeles as the site of what is now Dodger Stadium.
Initial plan.
By 1951 Chavez Ravine was slated for redevelopment under the National Housing Act of 1949 - which provided federal money to build public housing, among other things. The Los Angeles Housing Authority began acquiring the land of Chavez Ravine in 1951, through both voluntary purchases and exercise of eminent domain. In furtherance of the public housing proposal, the City acquired almost all of the land of Chaviez Ravine and razed nearly the entire community over the period from 1952 to 1953. The planned public housing development was entitled "Elysian Park Heights" and designed by Austrian architect Richard J. Neutra. Social critics of the era have argued that the urban renewal efforts of the 1950s under the National Housing Act often included significant and even dominant elements of racial and ethnic oppression, sometimes reflected in the dispossession of minority landowners in "renewed" areas.
Resistance.
In 1953 Norris Poulson, a political conservative, was elected mayor of Los Angeles on a platform that included opposition to construction of all new public housing projects. In addition, a public referendum was then passed barring all public housing in Los Angeles. Poulson's election and the referendum resulted in the termination of the "Elysian Park Heights" development. The City also agreed with the federal government to abandon the public housing project with the stipulation that the by then nearly-vacant land be used for a "public purpose." For years the nearly vacant Chavez Ravine land lay unused but for a tiny number of remaining original residents, and was offered by the City to various potential developers without success. Eventually, in the late 1950s, the City proposed to Brooklyn Dodgers owner Walter O'Malley that an entirely separate plot of land (a plot not part of or close to Chavez Ravine) be used as the site of a baseball stadium for the Dodgers, who were exploring a move from Brooklyn's Ebbets Field to Los Angeles. O'Malley declined the original offer, but expressed an interest in Chavez Ravine, which he had seen from the air. The City ended up conveying the Chavez Ravine site to the Dodgers for small consideration. Dodger Stadium was then constructed with private funds, and remains privately owned.
Conclusion.
Manuel and Abrana Arechiga (often cited as "Avrana"), with their daughter Aurora Vargas (a widow, later surnamed Fernandez), were among the last of the tiny number of residents to hold out against the government land acquisition effort undertaken for the original public housing project. Forced removal by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department (LASD) on May 9, 1959, resulted in the arrest of Aurora. Aurora Vargas was fined and briefly sent to jail for her resistance. Manuel Arechiga was the final holdout, living in a tent on the site of the demolished home for months. Stories are recounted of Manuel sitting in his tent with a shotgun, defending the ruins of his former home. Public sympathy for the Arechigas quickly waned, however, when subsequent news reports revealed that the Arechigas owned twelve rental houses elsewhere in Los Angeles. This was, however, a false representation of the family as it was cousins, relatives, and children who owned these houses. Many Angelenos consider the siege of the LASD on Manuel Arechiga as "The Battle of Chavez Ravine". Arechiga eventually relented and accepted the city's offer of $10,500. After a decade, the battle was finally over.

</doc>
<doc id="5906846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906846" title="Gefrees">
Gefrees

Gefrees is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated in the Fichtelgebirge, 21 km northeast of Bayreuth. It was the site a of battle during the Napoleonic Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="5906851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906851" title="Trechaleidae">
Trechaleidae

The Trechaleidae are a spider family with 75 described species in 15 genera.
Distribution.
Almost all species in this family live in Central and South America. Only "Shinobius orientalis" is endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5906855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906855" title="University of Oklahoma College of Engineering">
University of Oklahoma College of Engineering

The University of Oklahoma College of Engineering in the engineering unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman. It has an enrollment of 2,086 undergraduates and 2,193 graduate students. In 2009, 257 bachelor’s degrees, 92 master’s degrees and 29 doctoral degrees were conferred.
History.
The college was founded in 1909, but engineering work started five years before that under the School of Applied Science. By 1908 formal programs had been established in electrical, civil and mechanical engineering under the direction of the school's first dean, James Felgar, who would lead the soon to be created college for 28 years. The college's first spike in enrollment came in the 1930s, when demand for natural gas and oil led to the creation of programs in geological engineering and petroleum engineering. Until the 1970s, engineering students could be identified by the slide rules which were carried in a leather case on their belts.
The college's main office are currently located in Carson Engineering Center, with many civil and industrial engineering classes being held in that building. Historic Felgar Hall houses mechanical and aerospace engineering, while the first three floors of the Sarkeys Energy Center are home to the school of chemical engineering. In recent years, the college has rapidly expanded beyond these buildings as to the recently constructed Devon Energy Hall, for electrical and computer engineering, and the ExxonMobil Lawrence G. Rawl Engineering Practice Facility, which provides students and engineering organizations large scale work space. Four of these buildings (Carson, Felgar, Devon and the Practice Facility) create an "engineering quadrangle" on the northeast section of OU's main campus. Many graduate level classes and research labs have moved to the recently opened Stephenson Research Center located on Norman's south campus.
Between 1998 and 2002, the college had negotiated dozens of licenses and patent applications, marketed more than 55 inventions and helped with the formation of 12 start-up companies.
In 2010 the college celebrated its centennial with a variety of events, including a symposium with presentations from several prominent alumni, as well as a keynote address by renowned humanitarian and "Three Cups of Tea" author Greg Mortenson.
Traditions.
Irish Heritage.
St. Patrick, who among other things is the patron saint of engineers, has long been the unofficial mascot of the College of Engineering. Paintings of shamrocks can be found in many of the engineering buildings, and the events celebrating National Engineers Week (U.S.) often have an Irish theme.
Loyal Knights of Old Trusty.
The Loyal Knights of Old Trusty is a secret organization founded at the University of Oklahoma in 1920. That year a small group of engineers banded together and formed this secret order to uphold the traditions of the College of Engineering and to pay homage to the Patron Saint of Engineers, Saint Patrick. During this time it has served the College of Engineering in every possible way, but above all by keeping alive its cherished traditions. Until they unhood themselves at the "fireout" event during Engineers' Week each year, members are known only by their number and are only seen on campus wearing black hooded robes bearing their respective number. These students who wear the black robes are seldom seen but they represent an active and old tradition of the university. This secret order, although not an "officially recognized" university organization, has won the respect of all engineers and receives faculty and university approval. There are LKOT signs all around the campus at the entrances to university buildings and university houses.
Rivalry.
The College of Engineering has a longstanding rivalry with the OU College of Law. Statues of owls in the facade of Monnet Hall, the former home of the law students, have been repeatedly painted green by engineering students, a practice that has been discontinued in recent years. For example, the owl statues on the law college's new building were painted green during E-Week of 2003, and a large banner was glued to the front of the building, causing several thousand dollars in damage.
Academic programs.
The college grants degrees at the Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD levels. Engineering fields covered at the college include:

</doc>
<doc id="5906858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906858" title="Michael Wolff">
Michael Wolff

Michael Blieden Wolff (born July 31, 1952) is an American jazz pianist, composer, producer, and recording artist. He was honored as a Steinway Artist and obtained a Broadcast Music, Inc. award. Wolff has Tourette syndrome; he is the chairman of the Tourette Syndrome Association (TSA) and is involved in mentoring children with Tourette's through the chapters of the TSA.
Wolff was the musical director for jazz singer Nancy Wilson and later became the bandleader for the Fox syndicated late night talk show "Arsenio Hall" (1989-94), where he met his wife when she appeared as a special guest. Wolff provided the score and co-produced "The Tic Code" (1999). He also co-starred and produced the music for the film "" (2005). By early 2007, it became the pilot to the Nickelodeon musical comedy series of the same name, which he co-starred in with his sons—Nat and Alex—and earned a BMI Cable Award for producing the series' music. Wolff was the leader of the jazz band Impure Thoughts. Reconstructed as Wolff & Clark Expedition, it is a jazz-funk group.
Biography.
Childhood and family life.
Wolff was born in Victorville, California and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. His family is culturally Jewish and his father, Marvin, was a medical doctor, treating Elvis Presley when the Wolffs settled in Memphis, Tennessee. At age nine his family moved to Berkeley, California. Wolff began studying classical piano at age eight, and drums at age 12. He had begun playing piano with the University of California Jazz Ensembles under the direction of Dr. David W. Tucker while attending Berkeley High School. After graduating from high school, Wolff attended the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley) before enrolling at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Wolff's biological mother, Lise (Silverman), remarried psychiatrist Neal Blumenfeld (Wolff's stepfather), who died on December 1, 2013. He also has two step siblings named Mimi and Judy. Wolff married actress Polly Draper. He and Draper have two sons — Nat Wolff and Alex Wolff — who starred in and wrote the music for "The Naked Brothers Band" film and series which was created, produced, written and directed by Draper. Wolff's wife also wrote, produced, and co-starred in "The Tic Code" which was influenced by his life with Tourette syndrome; he contributed the score.
Career.
Wolff left college in 1972 to begin his music career, joining Cal Tjader's band. He then joined Cannonball Adderley's band in 1975. In 1977, he formed the band Answering Service with saxophonist Alex Foster. Wolff worked with other famous artists including Warren Zevon, The Thad Jones/ Mel Lewis Orchestra, Sonny Rollins, Wayne Shorter, Jean-Luc Ponty, Children On The Corner, Terri Lyne Carrington, Tony Williams, and Christian McBride. Wolff composed and played original music—and served as host—for the Riverside Shakespeare Company production of The Mandrake in New York City in 1975.
In 1978, singer Nancy Wilson chose Wolff as her musical director. Arsenio Hall was Wilson's opening act, and in 1989, when Hall was given his own talk show, Wolff was chosen to serve as its bandleader and musical director. He met his wife, actress Polly Draper, when she appeared as a guest on the show. In 1995, he released "Jumpstart" featuring Christian McBride and Tony Williams and in 1997 the trio released "2AM". Wolff was the leader of the jazz band Impure Thoughts which features Indian tabla player Badal Roy, drummer Mike Clark, percussionist Frank Colón and electric bassist John B. Williams.
He wrote music for the films "Who's the Man?", "The Tic Code", and "Made up", as well as writing for and performing in other films. Wolff co-starred in "The Naked Brothers Band" on Nickelodeon, and was the co-executive producer and music supervisor. He is on the faculty at The New School For Jazz And Contemporary Music. In the 2010s, he formed the jazz-funk band called Wolff & Clark Expedition, consisting of Wolff and Clark as band leaders, with Steve Wilson and Lenny Pickett as saxophonists, and James Genus as the bassist.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Cal Tjader
With Cal Tjader and Charlie Byrd
With Cannonball Adderley
With Tom Harrell
With Sonny Rollins
With Nancy Wilson
With David Axelrod
With Warren Zevon
With Children On The Corner
With Alex Foster
With Dave Samuels
With Pastiche
With Sam Morrison
Honors and awards.
Wolff was honored as a Steinway Artist in June 2006. "The Tic Code" won awards at the Berlin International Film Festival, Giffoni Film Festival and Hamptons International Film Festival. Wolff won a Broadcast Music, Inc. Cable Award in 2007 for producing and supervising the music on "The Naked Brothers Band" series.

</doc>
<doc id="5906866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906866" title="Pilot (Psych episode)">
Pilot (Psych episode)

"Pilot" is the first episode of the TV series, "Psych". It originally aired on USA Network on July 7, 2006.
Plot.
Shawn Spencer (James Roday) has never kept a job for more than 6 months. He helps the Santa Barbara Police Department prove a man guilty, using his keen powers of observation and his near perfect photographic memory he obtained as a kid. Detective Carlton Lassiter (Timothy Omundson) takes Shawn into questioning, and Shawn claims to have obtained the information psychically. The police let him go with no proof to disprove the claim. On his way out, Shawn is asked for help by Chief Karen Vick on a high-profile kidnapping case. The investigation into the kidnapping of Camden McCallum, sole male heir to the McCallum fortune, is stalled. She believes Shawn's psychic powers can help solve the case. Shawn takes advantage of this, realizing a new career has just fallen into his lap.
He visits his childhood friend Burton "Gus" Guster (Dulé Hill), a pharmaceutical representative. Shawn decides to get Gus involved. Gus is reluctant, but eventually gets involved with the McCallum case. Shawn and Gus find out that about 18 months before, Camden had straightened up his usual party boy act. They learn Camden never did anything without his dog, and he disappeared from a park along with the dog. Shawn realizes Camden wasn't kidnapped, he disappeared. Exactly 18 months before, Mr. McCallum threatened to cut Camden out of the inheritance if he didn't straighten up. Camden also stopped hanging around with his close friend, Malcolm Orso. Camden and Malcolm were planning a ransom.
Shawn and Gus check out Orso's cabin, where they find Camden's "missing" dog. Shawn goes back to the cops to convince them he had a psychic vision of Orso's cabin. The police go inside the cabin and find both Camden and Orso dead in an apparent suicide murder situation. Shawn takes a quick look at the room, and he is not convinced. Especially because Mr. McCallum had a cut on his wrist that could be a dog bite. Shawn visits his estranged father, Henry (Corbin Bernsen). Henry says Shawn's powers are getting soft and he's trusting people he shouldn't be. Shawn then suspects Camden's sister, Katarina.
Katarina wasn't involved, but her bag was. At one time it had to have carried the money. One of the McCallums tried to pay the ransom, but something must have gone wrong. Shawn and Gus confirm that it was Mr. McCallum that tried to make the ransom. McCallum sees Camden inside. During an argument, Camden fell and hit his head. He bled to death. Orso enters and McCallum has no choice but to shoot him, cover his tracks and make it look like Orso murdered Camden then committed suicide. On his way out, McCallum was bitten by Camden's angry dog. Shawn proves himself to the police by explaining and proving a "vision" of dog bite medication in McCallum's medicine cabinet that Gus actually saw when he was going to the bathroom. McCallum is arrested. Shawn and Gus have solved their first case and open their own private detective agency, Psych.
Production.
Conception and development.
After successfully pitching the film "Big Daddy" to the production company Columbia Pictures, the film's writer, Steve Franks was requested by Columbia to pitch them ideas for five new television programs. Among the ideas Franks pitched was the original outline for "Psych". Columbia Pictures felt that the idea for the show was completely ridiculous, so Franks forgot about it. A few years afterwards, Steve Franks met with producer Kelly Kulchak, asking her to help him with creating a one-hour long TV series. Kulchak agreed, and Franks presented the original idea he had for Psych, which Kulchak considered to be brilliant.
Franks and Kulchak pitched the idea to numerous TV networks, including the "Big Three". Kulchak stated that "it was a great pitch and that everybody laughed, but no one wanted to buy it". Kulchak attributed this due to the show's comedy–drama format, which is virtually unused at the time. The show's producers stated that Psych's comedy-drama format is based on the former TV series' Moonlighting and Remington Steele, which creator Steve Franks was a longtime fan. The final network Franks and Kulchak pitched the show to was USA Network. The network loved the concept, and decided to produce the show. However, the network brought in other writers to help with the show, which Steve Franks was unhappy about, as he originally intended to make the show entirely himself.
USA Network first announced their potential broadcasting of "Psych" on June 17, 2005. The network stated that they had requested a pilot episode of the series, to be managed by Tagline Productions. The original working name for the series was "Psyche". By August 30, James Roday and Dulé Hill had been cast to play the show's main characters. It was also announced that the production for the show's pilot episode would begin shortly, and the episode would likely air in 2006. On January 5, 2006, USA announced the "Psyche" would be competing against "In Plain Sight", written by David Maples, and "Underfunded", written by David Breckman, for air time and broadcasting slots. Later in January, the network confirmed that the pilot episode for the show would air later that year. They also announced that the show's name had changed to "Psych". On February 21, 2006, USA Network announced that it had ordered eleven one-hour episode scripts for "Psych". They confirmed that the show would take "Monk's" 10 p.m. (EST) Friday night time slot, and that the pilot episode, planned to be two hours in length, would be broadcast on July 7. The network also revealed that Corbin Bernsen had been cast as another of the show's major characters. The network released, on April 27, that filming for the pilot episode, which had been cut to 90 minutes in length, had begun in Vancouver, British Columbia. In addition, USA Network announced that Timothy Omundson and Kirsten Nelson would have starring roles in the episode.
Writing.
The episode was written by Steve Franks, who reused much material from the original pitch to USA Network. The pitch focused on a man who would call in crime-solving tips to the Santa Barbara Police Department through his photographic memory and uncanny ability to notice details. It followed him as he was arrested by the police, talked his way out of jail, and solved a crime for the police department. The plot of the show was later changed to Shawn's fake psychic ability by the producers. The show's introductory flashback to young Shawn was adapted from the pitch, in which it was located in the middle of the installment. The use of an introductory flashback has been used in almost all following episodes. Among other scenes added to the episode was a confrontation between Shawn and Henry at a barbecue restaurant, which was added by Corbin Bernsen, and the episode's conclusion, again a confrontation between Shawn and Henry. In addition, much time was spent revising the scene of the arrest of Mr. McCallum.
Large portions of the installment's dialogue were improvisations made by James Roday. Creator Steve Franks stated that "everything funny that you heard is something I wrote. I wrote everything that gets a laugh, and everything that fills the time until the next scene is all James". Several of Roday's improvisations have become reoccurring themes on the show; Shawn's unusual and spastic "psychic episodes" were added by Roday, and was kept by the producers, who loved the idea. Another major theme that was created through Roday's improving was the inclusion of food in every episode. This was established when Roday ate pretzels while talking to Gus for the first time in the episode. Also, the inclusion of a pineapple in nearly episode was established through an improvised scene during the pilot. In addition, large amounts of dialogue were removed in favor of using visual elements and facial expressions.
Several scenes were deleted from the episode, generally because the producers felt they were not necessary. A short scene about Chief Vick's pregnancy was removed from the installment because it was deemed to be irrelevant to the episode's plot. Mention of the chief's pregnancy was not made until it was time for her to give birth. A scene about Shawn hooking up with Katarina and then gathering evidence from her was removed from the episode, as well as several smaller scenes.
Filming.
Creator Steve Franks wanted to set "Psych" in a city that reflected the show's personality. Franks knew that he did not want the show to be set in a big city atmosphere. While developing Psych, Franks visited Santa Barbara while on his honeymoon. He felt that Santa Barbara was the perfect place to set the show, but that they would be unable to film the show there. Executive producer Mel Damski commented the filming of the show, that “We wanted to set and film it in Santa Barbara, but the area doesn’t really have enough crewmembers”. After the show was approved, Franks began looking for places to film, settling for Vancouver, British Columbia. He felt that Vancouver was "the next best location" to Santa Barbara.
Although Franks chose to film the show in Vancouver, most of the show is filmed in the surrounding communities. Approximately 40% of the pilot was filmed in the Vancouver suburb of White Rock, including most scenes focusing on coastal areas. Several other scenes were filmed in regional mountains. The entire episode was filmed in real-life locations, instead of the sets used for every episode since. The show had to use real locations due to uncertainty on whether the show would succeed. Not being able to use a stage for filming created several issues in the episode.
The installment's opening flashback was filmed at a Vancouver diner. The small dimensions of the diner forced the filming crew to alter the angle of the scene. The entire episode was filmed during November and December, and cold temperatures affected filming. Producers commented on how the temperature was usually between 1°C and 4 °C (33.8°F–39.2 °F). Most scenes involving the Santa Barbara police department were filmed in a former children's hospital, which was earlier used as army barracks. However, one scene was filmed in a "haunted" insane asylum, which later inspired the first season finale "Scary Sherry: Bianca's Toast". Rain also tampered with filming of the episode. Several outdoor scenes in the episode were filmed in heavy rain, and forced the crew to use tarps and additional sound equipment.
Due to environmental differences between Santa Barbara and Vancouver, the crew had to use several different props to make the installment seem believable. The producers brought in fake palm trees, surfboards, and Southern California newspapers in order to make White Rock seem like Santa Barbara. Producers commented on how they made many mistakes in writing the episode. Steve Franks acknowledged that "within the first 6 seconds of the show, we made a mistake". The installment's murder scene was considered by the producers to be "the most gruesome thing we've ever done on the show".
Reception.
IGN gave the episode a favorable review, saying that although the 90-minute episode "drags on a bit longer than it needs to" it "certainly has the makings of a fun and diverting series." Richard Keller of TVSquad.com had a few issues with the first episodes such as the location and the underutilization of Dule Hill, other than that he stated that the show's concept "works well; even better than "Monk" in many respects". On other hand, "People"s Tom Gliatto declared "Unlike Monk, a gently comic character coping with mental illness, Roday's just an overgrown kid. Who needs him?"

</doc>
<doc id="5906867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906867" title="Joseph Anthony Gray">
Joseph Anthony Gray

Joseph Anthony Gray (February 25, 1884 – May 8, 1966) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Joseph Gray was born in Susquehanna Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Eastman College at Poughkeepsie, New York, in 1905. He served as a private in Company H, Fifth Infantry, United States Army, from 1900 to 1902 and in the United States Army Signal Corps in 1902 and 1903. After his service in the military, he studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1910 and commenced practice in Ebensburg, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives in 1913 and 1914. He served as president of the board of health from 1916 to 1920, and became a motion-picture exhibitor at Spangler, Pennsylvania, in 1920. He was school director of Spangler from 1930 to 1934 and a councilman from 1939 to 1943. 
Gray was elected as a Democrat to the 74th and 75th Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1938 and 1940. He resumed the practice of law and also published the "The Conservative" weekly newspaper. He died in Spangler, Pennsylvania, and is buried in Holy Cross Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5906872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906872" title="Joseph Gray">
Joseph Gray

Joseph Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906882" title="HVCC">
HVCC

HVCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906887" title="Gehren">
Gehren

Gehren is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 7 km southeast of Ilmenau. It has become town in 1855. Between 1881 and 1998, Gehren was linked to Ilmenau by railway.
The castle of Gehren burned down in 1936. Until 1920, Gehren was the capital of the "Amt Gehren" in the state of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.

</doc>
<doc id="5906889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906889" title="National and Nomadic Guard">
National and Nomadic Guard

The National and Nomadic Guard of Chad ("Garde Nationale et Nomade du Tchad" or GNNT) is one of four defence and security forces in Chad. (The others are the Army, the Gendarmerie and the Police). Article 200 of the Constitution of 1996 states that the duties of the GNNT are the protection of politicians and government officials, guarding government buildings, the maintenance of order in rural areas, and guarding prisons and prisoners.
Even though the Constitution adds, in Article 201, that the GNNT must "respect the liberties and rights of man" when exercising its functions, the GNNT has been accused of perpetrating serious Human Rights violations, as reported by Amnesty International. Following the murder of a corporal of the GNNT, the suspect in the case was extrajudicially executed on November 17, 1996 by the GNNT. 
The GNNT is under the control of the Minister for Territorial Administration, unlike the Army and the Gendarmerie, which come under the responsibility of the Minister of Defence. The GNNT is since May 24, 2006 commanded by the Brigadier General Mahamat Saleh Brahim, cousin of the President Idriss Déby. 
The GNNT was first known in the 1960s as the Territorial Guard, but was early renamed in the decade Nomad and National Guard, and carried out much the same duties it does today, that is providing security for officials, government buildings, and regional government posts. Differently from today, the GNN was then dominated by Southerners, with only 250 Toubou. This also explains the resentment that brought in 1968 to the destruction of the GNN garrison of Aozou and the mutiny of the Toubou units, forming "la Deuxième Armée" of the FROLINAT. Notwithstanding this setback the President François Tombalbaye showed much more trust in the GNN than in the army, increasing by 1971 its effectives to at least 3,500 men, commanded by Camille Gourvenec, a French officer that was also the Director of Information Services (i.e., the espionage). Gourvenec's deputy was Pierre Galopin.
When the Chadian Civil War extended itself to the Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti in 1968, the GNN found itself increasingly on the frontline against the insurgents. The final showdown among the inurgency and the Chadian Armed Forces came in 1977–78, when Goukouni Oueddei, leader of a faction of the FROLINAT, conquered all the government's strongholds in northern Chad, inflicting staggering losses to the armed forces; the CNN in particular was heavily decimated in early 1978 when Goukouni took Fada and the capital of the Bourkou-Ennedi-Tibesti, Faya-Largeau. This practically brought to the end of the GNN, until it was revived shortly before 1996 by the current President Idriss Déby.

</doc>
<doc id="5906891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906891" title="Freyung">
Freyung

Freyung may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5906895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906895" title="Feldberg">
Feldberg

Feldberg may refer to:
Places:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5906898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906898" title="KVAT-LD">
KVAT-LD

KVAT-LD is a low-power television station licensed to Garfield, Texas (Austin market), broadcasting digitally on channel 17. The station is owned by Mako Communications, LLC of Corpus Christi, Texas.
The station was originally an affiliate of LAT TV, a Houston-based Spanish-language television network that launched in May 2006; however, the network folded 2 years later. 
In December 2010, the station's call letters changed from KVAT-LP to KVAT-LD. The station also has a construction permit to relocate to channel 14.
In June 2013, KVAT-LD was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations. 

</doc>
<doc id="5906912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906912" title="Henry P. Cheatham">
Henry P. Cheatham

Henry Plummer Cheatham (1857–1935) was an educator, farmer and politician, elected as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1889 to 1893 from North Carolina. He was one of only five African Americans elected to Congress from the South in the Jim Crow era of the last decade of the nineteenth century, as disfranchisement reduced black voting. After that, no African Americans would be elected from the South until 1972 and none from North Carolina until 1992.
Early life.
Born into slavery in what is now Henderson, North Carolina, Cheatham had an enslaved mother and a white father who was rumored to be a prominent local man. 
After the Civil War and emancipation, he attended the first public schools for black children in Vance County, established by the state legislature in the Reconstruction era. With the financial aid of a white friend, Robert A. Jenkins, Cheatham attended Shaw University, a historically black college in Raleigh, North Carolina, where he graduated in 1883.
He worked briefly as a school principal before being elected as the Register of Deeds for Vance County (1884–1888)
Marriage and family.
In 1884, Cheatham married Louisa (or Louise) Cherry, who had been a fellow student at Shaw. She taught music at the school where he had been principal. They had three children: Charles, Mamie, and Henry Plummer, Jr. 
After Louisa Cheatham died in 1899, he married Laura Joyner. They also had three children: Susie, Richard, and James.
Political career.
Cheatham became active in Republican politics. He encouraged the establishment of institutions for African Americans, such as the Colored Orphan Asylum in Oxford in 1883 and the founding of state normal schools for the training of black teachers. 
US Congressman.
In 1888, Cheatham was narrowly elected to Congress from North Carolina's 2nd congressional district over the incumbent Furnifold M. Simmons. (Simmons would later lead the white supremacy campaigns that resulted in a new state constitution that disfranchised black citizens.) During the campaign, Cheatham was reported by North Carolina papers to have allegedly told black voters that Simmons and President Grover Cleveland would re-enslave them. Other press outlets of the time dismissed these allegations by the press as hyperbole or having misrepresented Cheatham's words. 
In a period of disfranchisement of blacks in the South, Cheatham was one of five African Americans elected to Congress during the Jim Crow era of the late nineteenth century. There were two from South Carolina, his brother-in-law George Henry White who followed him from North Carolina, and one from Virginia. After them, no African Americans would be elected from the South until 1972, after federal civil rights legislation enforcing constitutional rights for citizens. No African American would be elected to Congress from North Carolina until 1992.
Cheatham, then the only black North Carolina congressman, supported federal aid to education, and the McKinley tariff. He also supported the Federal Elections Bill in 1890, introduced by Henry Cabot Lodge, to provide federal enforcement to safeguard the voting rights of African Americans in the South. House Republicans had been concerned about the discriminatory practices of the Democrats and trying to gain passage of a bill since the 1880s. Lodge's bill narrowly passed the House but died in the Senate. Republicans were unable to get federal legislation passed on this issue as the Southern voting block became more powerful. 
Cheatham tended mostly to the needs of his constituents (of both races), but did not succeed in getting his own bills passed. Cheatham served on the House committees on Education, Expenditures on Public Buildings, and Agriculture, one of the more powerful.
In 1890, Cheatham defended his seat and defeated the Democrat James M. Mewborne, with 16,943 votes to 15,713. But nationwide, Democrats re-took the House of Representatives, which meant that measures to protect black civil rights would not be passed. Cheatham was the only black congressman in the Fifty-second Congress (he had also been the only black congressman in the first half of the 51st Congress). 
He unsuccessfully sought re-election to a third term in 1892, after the North Carolina legislature changed the boundaries of his congressional district. Competition from a Populist on the ballot split some of the vote, contributing to the victory of Frederick A. Woodard, a Democrat. 
Cheatham ran against Woodard again in 1894 without success. In 1896, he competed for the Republican nomination for the district against his brother-in-law, George Henry White, who won as the next (and last) late nineteenth-century black congressman from North Carolina.
Later life.
In 1897, President William McKinley's administration appointed Cheatham as federal Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia, a position he held through 1901. Cheatham, a friend and ally of Booker T. Washington, was criticized for standing by McKinley, as the Republican administration did little to offset the rising tide of Jim Crow racism and segregation in the South. New state constitutions were passed in the South at this time that disfranchised black citizens for more than half a century, but their provisions generally survived US Supreme Court review. If one provision was declared unconstitutional, southern states passed new ones to create new obstacles. (See Disfranchisement after Reconstruction era)
After four years in Washington, D.C., Cheatham returned to farm in Littleton, North Carolina. 
He moved to Oxford when appointed as superintendent of the Colored Orphanage of North Carolina (then known as the Colored Orphan Asylum). He served in that position for 28 years. Cheatham had supported the state legislation to establish the orphanage in 1883, as part of Reconstruction-era programs to provide for the welfare of people. He "was its superintendent and to him more than any man, is due the credit for the remarkable progress and development of the institution." He died in Oxford in 1935.
Known as an educated, discreet, and diplomatic man, Cheatham impressed even the white-supremacist Democrat Josephus Daniels. He said that he regarded Cheatham highly as a man who had gained the confidence of both races.

</doc>
<doc id="5906926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906926" title="Alan Mackworth">
Alan Mackworth

Alan Mackworth is a Professor of Computer Science and Canada Research Chair in Artificial Intelligence in the Department of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia. He is known as "The Founding Father" of RoboCup. He is a former President of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI).
Education.
Alan Mackworth was educated at University of Toronto (B.A.Sc.), Harvard University (A.M.) and University of Sussex (D.Phil.).
Research.
He works on constraint-based artificial intelligence with applications in vision, robotics, situated agents, assistive technology and sustainability. He is known as a pioneer in the areas of constraint satisfaction, robot soccer, hybrid systems and constraint-based agents. He has authored over 100 papers and co-authored two books: ' (1998) and ' (2010).
RoboCup.
Alan Mackworth proposed and built the world's first soccer-playing robots, which led to the development of robot soccer as the premier global platform for multi-agent robotic research through the International RoboCup Foundation, where he has been honoured as "The Founding Father". Robot soccer as a challenge problem has great scientific significance. It has now become a standard test environment for cross-testing research ideas: a forum for evolving theories of multi-agent systems. Through regular international RoboCup tournaments many research teams of students and professors compete and cooperate in the development, testing and evolution of new theories and new algorithms.
Career.
He served as the founding Director of the UBC Laboratory for Computational Intelligence. He was President and Trustee of International Joint Conferences on AI (IJCAI) Inc.; he is on the IJCAI Executive Committee. He has served on many editorial boards and program committees. He was VP and President of the Canadian Society for Computational Studies of Intelligence (CSCSI). He served as President of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI).
Awards.
Alan Mackworth has received the ITAC/NSERC Award for Academic Excellence, the Killam Research Prize, the CSCSI Distinguished Service Award, the AAAI Distinguished Service Award, the Association for Constraint Programming Award for Research Excellence and the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Canadian AI Association (CAIAC). He is a Fellow of AAAI, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research and the Royal Society of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5906927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906927" title="Mission Hills, San Diego">
Mission Hills, San Diego

Mission Hills is an upscale affluent neighborhood of San Diego, California, USA. It is located on hills just south of the San Diego River valley and north of downtown San Diego, overlooking Old Town, Downtown San Diego, and San Diego Bay. It was subdivided on January 20, 1908 as a smaller portion of what is now referred to as Mission Hills. The City of San Diego describes Mission Hills as being the area north of Horton Avenue, South of Mission Valley, West of Dove Street, and East of the Old Town community area. Mission Hills is part of the 92103 zip code area. It shares this zip code with Hillcrest, a neighborhood of San Diego East of Dove Street. It is part of the Uptown community planning area.
The area is primarily residential, with some boutique shops and restaurants. Pioneer Park and Mission Hills Park serve as two recreational parks within the neighborhood. The San Diego Public Library has a branch located on corner of Washington Street and Hawk Street called the Mission Hills Branch Library. The Mission Hills community is within walking distance to the Hillcrest restaurants and shops to the East and the Old Town restaurants, shops, and museums to the Northwest. 
History.
The area was developed in the early 20th century and most of the houses are still from that era, often carefully preserved and restored. Homes there were also often designed by San Diego’s premier architects including William Hebbard, William Templeton Johnson, Emmor Brooke Weaver, Nathan Rigdon, Richard Requa, and Joel E. Brown. Master Builders such as the Pacific Building Company, Morris B. Irvin, and Martin V. Melhorn contributed by building in the vernacular architecture.
In the 1910s, Mission Hills became one of the many San Diego neighborhoods connected by the Class 1 streetcars and an extensive San Diego public transit system that was spurred by the Panama-California Exposition of 1915 and built by John D. Spreckels. These streetcars became a fixture of this neighborhood until their retirement in 1939.
Modern homes were built along canyon rims as infill during the 1950s and 1960s by modern masters such as Lloyd Ruocco, Homer Delawie, John Lloyd Wright and Sim Bruce Richards, among others. Ironically, San Diego's most famous architect, Irving Gill, never built in Mission Hills, as by the time this area was being developed he was mainly working in Los Angeles County.
The famous horticulturalist Kate Sessions helped to influence development in Mission Hills. She founded the Mission Hills Nursery, which is still an active business (since 1910).
Streets.
The main business streets are University Ave. and Washington St. Other major streets are Ft. Stockton Dr. and Sunset Blvd. Cross streets are named for birds, in alphabetical order from Albatross to Lark.
Architecture and Historic Districts.
Mission Hills contains two historic districts recognized by the City of San Diego:
Education.
Public schools in Mission Hills are part of the San Diego Unified School District. The public elementary school is Ulysses S. Grant Elementary School, which has grades K-8. Since there is no public high school in the neighborhood, students are given the choice of attending Point Loma High School or San Diego High School. 
Several private and religious schools are located in Mission Hills. The best known is the lower school campus of the private Francis Parker School, founded in 1912. This school was run on progressive ideals by William Templeton Johnson and his wife, Clara. Mr. Johnson designed the original school building and his wife ran the school.

</doc>
<doc id="5906936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906936" title="Geisa">
Geisa

Geisa is a town in the Wartburgkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 26 km northeast of Fulda.
The near border with Hesse was the border between West Germany and the GDR during the Cold War. Thus, Geisa was in the East German border restriction area of the former inner German border, which meant that until reunification access to the town was limited.
Geography.
Geisa is a town in the north of the Rhön Mountains in Thuringia. It is located on the Ulster River. The region is also referred to by the old name of Buchonia. The closest city is Fulda.
Suburbs.
Suburbs and their population:
History.
Geisa's oldest area of settlement is located on "Gangolfiberg", which is also the highest point of the little town and the only surviving medieval place of jurisdiction in Thuringia, the so-called "Zentgericht" - dating from the 11th century. The deed of town ordinances and privileges was lost, the first notation as "civitas" is from 1302. As an administration centre of the Benedictine abbey of Fulda, Geisa was a Catholic-dominated region. Athanasius Kircher was born on May 2 in either 1601 or 1602 in Geisa.
Because of wars and fires in the past, only a modicum of historic buildings is present. In the heart of the town is the Catholic Parish Church ("Stadtpfarrkirche") of St Philip and St James, which was built between 1489 and 1504. It is the only surviving Gothic church in the Geisa region. A rarity is the carillon, a special kind of 49 bronze bells on the church tower.
Above the marketplace is the listed Geisa castle ensemble. The "Schlossplatz", the square in front of the castle, is framed by the local courthouse (1540), a former prison, the "Stadtschloss" (1700–1714) - a building by Johann Dientzenhofer, a number of commercial buildings, and the Protestant church (1860).
Until 1990, the inner German border was between Geisa and Rasdorf (Hesse). Geisa was thus in a restriction zone the East German authorities maintained on their side of the border and which limited access to the region. There is now a memorial site ("Haus auf der Grenze") with an exhibition on the history of the border. Just across the border, in what was previously West Germany, lies a former US observation camp - in military notation "Point Alpha" - that had been one of the hottest spots in the Cold War. It was located in a very exposed position in the so-called Fulda gap, right in the path of a possible attack by the forces of the Warsaw Pact. Today the camp offers an exhibit on the presence of US armed forces and a memorial.
Since 2008, the headquarters of the "Point Alpha foundation" have been located in the castle in Geisa, in addition to the municipal museum.

</doc>
<doc id="5906937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906937" title="Stiphidiidae">
Stiphidiidae

The Stiphidiidae are a spider family with 94 described species in 13 genera. They are generally of medium size ("Stiphidion facetum" is about 8 mm long) and build a horizontal tent-like web under rocks. Most species are speckled brown with long legs.
Distribution.
Almost all members of this family occur in New Zealand and Australia. The only exception are two species of "Ischaela", "I. incerta" from Madagascar, and "I. longiceps" from Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="5906939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906939" title="Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja">
Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja

"Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja" is a song by Welsh rock band Lostprophets. Written by frontman Ian Watkins, the song was released in 2001 as the first single from the band's debut studio album, "Thefakesoundofprogress". It was the only charting single on the "Billboard" charts from the album, and was still on the band's tour setlist until they broke up in 2013.
Writing and production.
The band wrote the song in under an hour. According to frontman Ian Watkins, it is a song about nostalgia for when the band were growing up together in their home town of Pontypridd, South Wales, and was originally inspired by the Shinobi arcade game they used to play at the Park View Café in Pontypridd. The song's name is derived from the video games "Shinobi" and "Bad Dudes vs. DragonNinja".
Release and reception.
"Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja" was released in the summer of 2001 and became the most successful song from "Thefakesoundofprogress" on the American rock charts. It appeared on "Billboard" magazine's Modern Rock Tracks chart at 33. In the United Kingdom the album peaked at 41 on the UK Singles Chart in 2001 and stayed on the charts for two weeks. After the release of the follow-up single "The Fake Sound of Progress" in 2002 "Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja" re-charted and peaked at 161. The song was featured on the soundtrack of ATV Offroad Fury 2.
Music video.
The video for this single is one of few Lostprophets videos actually filmed in the UK. It features the band performing to a crowd of people on the roof of a disused multi storey car park in Edmonton, North London. The video received significant airplay on MTV2. The music video was directed by Mike Piscitelli, who would direct the music video for "The Fake Sound of Progress," the follow-up single to "Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja." The shooting for the music video started on 5 October on a Friday at an undisclosed location. Any fan that wanted to participate in the music video could simply email their name, age, gender and contact number to the band. Once the email was received, the band chose who they wanted to include in the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="5906960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906960" title="Feldberg, Baden-Württemberg">
Feldberg, Baden-Württemberg

Feldberg is a municipality in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is located near the Feldberg. At an elevation of 1277m, it is considered the highest village in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5906977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906977" title="Microtek">
Microtek

Microtek International Inc. is a Taiwan-based manufacturer of digital imaging products and other consumer electronics. Among its current product line are Microtek branded plasma and LCD TVs, LCD flat panel monitors, LCD and DLP projectors, and digital cameras as well as their flagship line of affordable scanners that include flatbeds, film scanners, and document imaging scanners. In 2007, Microtek launched Cineon, a premium line of HDTVs.
Microtek's products are used in a broad range of applications and environments, from small office, home office, corporate, education and government settings to high-end professional publishing, printing and pre-press service providers.
History.
The company was founded in 1980 by Dr. Bobo Wang and is based today in Hsinchu, Taiwan (Hsinchu Science Park). Its United States subsidiary, Microtek Lab Inc., is currently headquartered in Cerritos, California.
Microtek first entered the industry in 1983, when scanners were little more than expensive tools for hobbyists. In 1984, it introduced the MS-300A, the world’s first desktop halftone scanner. At about the same time, the company realized a need for scanning software for mainstream users and developed EyeStar, the world’s first scanning software application. EyeStar made desktop scanning a functional reality, serving as the de facto standard for image format for importing graphics before TIFF came to fruition. Continuing its leading-edge approach to the scanning industry, Microtek proceeded to develop the first OCR, or Optical Character Recognition, program for text scanning, once more successfully integrating a core function of scanning with its machines. 
Throughout the 25-year history of the digital imaging industry, Microtek has pioneered several first-to-market scanning products. To date, Microtek holds the record for a number of world-firsts in the scanner industry. These product milestones include:
Research, development, and Flat-Panel HDTVs.
Microtek has research and development labs located in California and Taiwan dedicated to optics design, mechanical and electronic engineering, software development, product quality, and technological advancement. It has an advanced research laboratory, established in 1996, that serves to fuse and strengthen key technologies, such that the company has gone on to garner some 130 patents since then. In 2005, Microtek leveraged this experience in digital imaging toward televisions and launched its first Microtek branded flat-screen EDTV, the MHP-1. It was shortly followed by an HDTV version, the MHP-1 HD. In 2007, Microtek, in addition to its full line of HDTVs, launched Cineon a premium line of flat-screen HDTVs aimed at custom installers and specialty markets.
Distribution.
Today, Microtek has global operations and distribution channels around the world, with international subsidiaries in China, Singapore, and Taiwan. Its distribution network throughout North and South America includes Ingram Micro, Tech Data, Wynit, and D&H. Additionally, Microtek and Cineon products can be found in retail channel outlets including Best Buy, CompUSA, Office Depot, Staples, Micro Center, Fry’s, P. C. Richard & Son, Fred Meyer, and B&H Wholesale. Microtek products also can be purchased through online websites, mail order catalogs, VARs and systems integrators. In addition Microtek managed to bargain a worldwide bundle deal with software manufacturer LaserSoft Imaging to deliver SilverFast with their scanner line.
In 2009, Microtek announced that it would be halting all commercial and professional sales in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="5906981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906981" title="Geiselhöring">
Geiselhöring

Geiselhöring is a town in the Straubing-Bogen district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 14 km southwest of Straubing, and 30 km southeast of Regensburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5906984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906984" title="Keystone State Boychoir">
Keystone State Boychoir

The Keystone State Boychoir is a boys' choir in Pennsylvania. The group performs a wide range of songs and has sung on all seven continents.
History.
Under the direction of Music Director Joseph P. Fitzmartin and Associate Music Director Steven M. Fisher, the Keystone State Boychoir (KSB) consists of more than 140 young men between the ages of 8 and 18, who perform songs from the classical to the contemporary.
Major choral works that KSB has performed include Orff’s "Carmina Burana", Handel’s "Messiah", Mendelssohn’s "Elijah", Britten’s "St. Nicolas", and Fauré’s "Requiem". The "Philadelphia Inquirer" review declared KSB’s 2003 performance in Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" with the Choral Arts Society of Philadelphia at Verizon Hall to be “excellent.”
KSB has sung with the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Opera Company of Philadelphia, and the Philadelphia Singers, and in such venues as the Perelman Theater at the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, the Academy of Music, and the Mann Center for the Performing Arts. KSB has performed internationally at the Manaus Opera House in Brazil, the Hanoi Opera House in Vietnam, the Petronas Philharmonik Hall in Malaysia, La Madeline in France, Hall Bulgaria, and in venues throughout Alaska, Canada, South Africa, Japan, Thailand, Cambodia, Australia, Monaco, Germany, Austria, and Chile. The Boychoir has been the guest choir for July 4 celebrations in the US Embassies of Tokyo, Kuala Lumpur, Vienna, and Sofia.
The Keystone State Boychoir and its sister-choir, the Pennsylvania Girlchoir, are members of the Commonwealth Youthchoirs, founded in 2001 by Joseph P. Fitzmartin and Steven M. Fisher. Under the leadership of Executive Director Susan S. Ashbaker, this non-profit organization offers choral music education and performance opportunities to young people from diverse backgrounds. The organization promotes leadership, character, and self-discipline.
On December 23, 2009, the Keystone State Boychoir became the first choir to sing in Antarctica when they performed for a holiday party at Frei Base, King George Island. As a result, they are also the first choir ever to sing on all seven continents.

</doc>
<doc id="5906989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906989" title="Charles R. Eckert">
Charles R. Eckert

Charles R. Eckert (January 20, 1868 – October 26, 1959) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Charles Richard Eckert was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended Piersol's Academy at West Bridgewater, Pennsylvania, and Geneva College at Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1894 and commenced practice in Beaver, Pennsylvania. He was a delegate to the 1928 Democratic National Convention.
Eckert was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-fourth and Seventy-fifth Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1938. 
After his time in Congress, he served as a member of board of directors of the Beaver Trust Co., and resumed the practice of law until his death, aged 91, as the result of an automobile accident in Rochester, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5906993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5906993" title="Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History">
Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History

The Journal of Colonialism and Colonial History is an academic journal established in 2000 and devoted to research in the relatively new field of colonial studies. The journal is aimed at a wide variety of scholars concerned with the history and social and political impact of colonialism and imperialism. The journal covers pre-, post-, and colonial periods as well as controversial questions related to the transition to independence. The founder and editor of the journal since its inception is Patricia W. Romero of Towson University. The journal is available exclusively as an Internet publication. It is published three times each year in April, August, and December by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is indexed in the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="5907006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907006" title="List of Moroccan writers">
List of Moroccan writers

"This list is about writers from Morocco. For writers from Andalusia see at the bottom of the page." "see also: :Category:Moroccan writers."
Twentieth century.
__NOTOC__
List of Moorish writers.
Writers from Andalusia, in the period 750-1496, writing in Arabic are generally referred to as Moorish writers. For a part (1085-1238) of that Moorish period, Andalusia and Morocco formed one state. After that (1238-1492) the Merinid dynasty of Morocco kept close ties with the Kingdom of Granada.

</doc>
<doc id="5907017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907017" title="Geisenfeld">
Geisenfeld

Geisenfeld is a town in the district of Pfaffenhofen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Ilm, southeast of Ingolstadt. The town grew up around Geisenfeld Abbey, a convent founded in 1037.
Subdivisions.
Geisenfeld has twelve districts, formerly independent municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="5907042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907042" title="Geising">
Geising

Geising is a municipal subdivision of Altenberg in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, close to the border with the Czech Republic, 13 km north of Teplice, and 32 km south of Dresden. Since 1 January 2011, it is part of the town Altenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5907056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907056" title="Fairytales of Slavery">
Fairytales of Slavery

Fairytales of Slavery is the penultimate release by Miranda Sex Garden, issued on Mute Records in June 1994. Produced in part by Alexander Hacke of Einstürzende Neubauten, the album blends a great number of elements of different genres, including but not limited to gothic rock, darkwave, industrial, classical and ambient.

</doc>
<doc id="5907060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907060" title="Charles Longuet">
Charles Longuet

Charles Longuet (1839, Caen, Calvados – 1903, Paris) was a journalist and prominent figure in the French working-class movement, including the 1871 Paris Commune, as well as a Proudhonist member of the General Council of the First International or International Working Men's Association (1866–67, 1871–72). He served as Corresponding Secretary for Belgium (1866), delegate to the Lausanne (1867), Brussels (1868), the London Conference (1871) and the (1872).
Longuet participated in the Paris Commune of 1871. He moved to England as a refugee after the defeat of the Commune. Longuet married Karl Marx's first daughter, Jenny on 2 October 1872 in London (in a civil ceremony). Together, they had six children, the first five of whom were boys (including Jean Longuet), the last a daughter. He was one of the speakers at Marx's funeral.
He was also the editor of the publication "Journal Officiel".

</doc>
<doc id="5907063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907063" title="Saddleback clownfish">
Saddleback clownfish

Amphiprion polymnus, also known as the saddleback clownfish or yellowfin anemonefish, is a Marine fish belonging to the family Pomacentridae which gathers clownfishes and damselfishes.
Description.
The "Saddleback clownfish" is a small sized fish which grows up to . Its body has a stock appearance, oval shape, compressed laterally and with a round profile. 
Color ranges from dark brown to yellow orange with a thick white bar located just behind the eyes. A large white abbreviated saddle shape or slanted white bar across the middle of the fish's body makes it quite obvious to see how it got the name "Saddleback". In some varieties, typically those specimens initially associated with "H. crispa" anemone, the saddle shape may extend up onto the fish's Dorsal fin with a third white bar or margin located across the caudal peduncle (pictured in taxobox). 
Melanistic variation has also been partially correlated with the fish's host anemone. Specimens associated with H. crispa tend to be darker than those associated with "S. haddoni". Aquarium specimens have been observed becoming lighter or darker after accepting a new host anemone species, sometimes within a few hours.
The external edge of the caudal and the anal fins are underlined with a white line.
The snout and the pectoral fin are in any case of color variation orange yellow to brownish orange.
Distribution.
The Saddleback clownfish is found in the center of the Indo-Pacific area.
Feeding.
This anemonefish is omnivorous and its diet is based on zooplankton, small benthic crustaceans and algaes.
Behaviour.
Amphiprion polymnus has a diurnal activity. It is protrandous hermaphrodite, which means the male can evolved to female during his life, and lives in harem in which an established dominance hierarchy manages the group and keeps individuals at a specific social rank.
It is also an aggressive, territorial animal and it is completely dependent from its sea anemone which it uses as a shelter for the group and for the nest.
The associative relationship that binds the clownfish and the sea anemone is called mutualism.In one hand, the fish can lives within the sea anemone's tentacles and uses it as a shelter because it has developed a thin layer of mucus which covers its body as a protection against the stinging anemone's tentacles. On the other hand, the presence of the clownfish can be interpreted as a lure to attract the anemone's prey close to the tentacles. The clownfish can also defend the anemone against some reef fishes which could eat the tentacles such as butterflyfishes.
The male and the female Amphiprion Polymnus are almost equal in size while for the other species of Clownfishes females are the biggest. Both species of sea anemone, which the '"Saddleback clownfish" is in association with, are known to bury themselves when they are under stress. In that case, the clownfish is not able to hide in the reef as would have done another species of clownfish, so it has adapted itself by having males as big as the females to limit the predation.
Captivity.
To be kept in an aquarium this species will do best in tanks of at least or larger, preferably aquascaped with live rock to allow multiple choices for hiding places. They should be fed small amounts of food, such as staple marine flake food with occasional frozen mysis shrimp or other small crustacean, two to three times per day.
The protection of a host anemone is not required in an aquarium and attempting to keep either of the species of anemones commonly associated with this clownfish in a captive aquarium environment is not recommended, even for experienced aquarists. This is due to the poor survival rate of wild collected specimens and the overall shortened lifespans these normally centarian organisms often experience in captivity.
See also.
Clownfish Coral reef Fish

</doc>
<doc id="5907082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907082" title="Geisingen">
Geisingen

Geisingen is a town in the district of Tuttlingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the Danube, 13 km southwest of Tuttlingen, and 21 km southeast of Villingen-Schwenningen.
History.
Geisingen is referenced (spelled variously as 'Chisincs' and 'Gisinga') in deeds dated in the years 724 and 829 recorded in the monastery of St. Gallen, Switzerland, and as such is attested as one of he oldest towns in the region.
Geography.
The town is on the right (here, the northern) bank of the Danube at the eastern edge of a plateau known as the Baar. Where the valley of the Danube leads out of town to the east, the altitude is 2162 feet. From the peak of the Wartenberg, a conical hill (altitude: 2756 feet) which overlooks the town from the west, one can on a clear day catch a glimpse of the Swiss alps.

</doc>
<doc id="5907089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907089" title="Dale Coyne Racing">
Dale Coyne Racing

Dale Coyne Racing is a motorsports team in the IndyCar Series owned by former driver Dale Coyne. It was founded in 1986 with Chicago Bears great Walter Payton as Payton/Coyne Racing. In 1990, Coyne stepped out of the cockpit and turned his talents to the tutelage of several up-and-coming drivers. Dale Coyne is known in the open-wheel community for his ability to recruit and coach young drivers. Later renamed as Dale Coyne Racing, the team earned its maiden victory in 25 years of trying at Watkins Glen International in July 2009 with Justin Wilson.
CART / Champ Car World Series.
With Coyne's technical expertise, the team built their own chassis in its debut year (1986), which was known as the DC-1. 1988 saw Coyne's retirement as a driver to concentrate on managing the team with co-owner Walter Payton as well as tutoring newer, younger drivers. For most of the team's existence, it has utilized pay drivers, who finance their racing with Coyne with either personal funds or self-obtained sponsorship. Coyne has earned a reputation for quickly developing the skills of these drivers to a point where they can advance their careers.
Michel Jourdain, Jr. took over driving duties for the team and earned STP Most Improved Driver honors from his peers, in 1997.
Payton died in November 1999, and after that the team was known as Dale Coyne Racing. In 2000 they had four different drivers. Tarso Marques led with 17 starts, and was joined by Takuya Kurosawa (who had 8 starts). Alex Barron had 6 starts and Gualter Salles also had 6 starts. Marques and Barron both recorded career-best finishes when the season closed. Barron, had second place in Australia and Fontana, which highlighted his end to the season. He ran second, closing in on the leader, and eventually put in faster laps than the winners Adrian Fernandez and Christian Fittipaldi.
The 2004 Champ Car season was an improved season with new sponsors American Medical Response and Yoke TV. The 19 & 11 entries were piloted by Oriol Servia and Gastón Mazzacane. Servia had Dale Coyne Racing's best season ever by placing third at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca and finishing 10th in the final standings.
In 2007, driver Bruno Junqueira recorded back-to-back-to-back podium finishes (Zolder, Belgium, Assen, Netherlands and Surfers Paradise, Australia) en route to a seventh place finish for the year. 
IndyCar Series.
In 2008, the team's first year in the Izod IndyCar Series, drivers Bruno Junqueira and Mario Moraes recorded five combined top-10 finishes and both drivers led several laps during the famed Indianapolis 500.
In the first race of the 2009 season, the 2009 Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, driver Justin Wilson finished third, which was the first IRL podium finish for Dale Coyne Racing. On July 5, 2009 Wilson earned Dale Coyne Racing their first win by winning the 2009 Camping World Grand Prix at the Glen, at Watkins Glen International. The British driver dominated the race, leading 49 of the 60 laps. It was Coyne's 558th career start as an owner or as a driver.
On January 11 the team announced that Boy Scouts of America would be the primary sponsor of the number 19 car for 2010. He also stated that Z Line will likely return to sponsor the 18 car and that drivers would be announced at a later date. However, on February 4, it was announced that Z Line would follow Justin Wilson to Dreyer & Reinbold Racing. On March 4, DCR announced Milka Duno would drive the number 18 Citgo car for the entire season. Duno's season brought her a best finish of 19th, though she failed to qualify for the Indy 500 and ended up 23rd in points while British driver Alex Lloyd in the #19 car won Rookie of the Year, finishing 16th in points with a best finish of fourth in the 2010 Indianapolis 500. Duno moved over to ARCA following the season. British rookie James Jakes stepped into the #18 car for 2011 and four-time Champ Car champion Sebastien Bourdais was signed to drive the #19 respectively for road course races only due to conflicts with the Le Mans Series, where he also competes. Alex Lloyd was returned to the team to drive in the oval races. Lloyd qualified for the 2011 Indianapolis 500 and finished 19th but Jakes failed to make the field.
On 25 January 2012, Honda and its Honda Performance Development (HPD) announced it would power a two-car effort for Dale Coyne Racing in the 2012 IZOD IndyCar Series with their all new 2.2-liter turbocharged V6 IndyCar engine. Justin Wilson also returned to the team for the 2012 season. In addition to the signing of both Honda and Wilson, the team has also re-signed renowned engineer Bill Pappas, "putting the band back together" of the team that combined to score Dale Coyne Racing's first win in IndyCar racing, at Watkins Glen in 2009.
The team scored its second win and first-ever oval win with Justin Wilson at Texas Motor Speedway in 2012 and captured another win in 2013 with Mike Conway in his first start for the team in Detroit Indy Grand Prix race 1. In that race Justin Wilson finished third, putting two Coyne cars on the podium for the first time. Ana Beatriz had driven Conway's car for the first five races of the season.
Chicagoland Speedway.
In 1998, Coyne designed and built Route 66 Raceway in Joliet, IL. This state-of-the-art drag racing facility drew the attention of Indianapolis Motor Speedway CEO Tony George. George and Coyne, along with International Speedway Corporation, would go on to expand the facility by forming a partnership and building Chicagoland Speedway. Coyne served as president of the facility through its construction and opening season and along with George, served on its management committee until its eventual buyout by ISC in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5907095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907095" title="Dodge Slingshot">
Dodge Slingshot

The Dodge Slingshot (or Dodge Sling Shot) was a concept car created by the DaimlerChrysler subsidiary, Dodge. It was introduced at the 2004 New York International Auto Show. This car was built to be a car that was possibly targeted for a younger generation.
A basic description.
The Slingshot has a rear-mounted, 3-cylinder, gasoline engine with normal aspiration and induction. The engine gives out a total of 100 horsepower. It can go from 0-60 mph in about ten seconds. This car uses a five-speed manual transmission.
The Slingshot has a combined fuel economy of . The design of the car is derived from the past of the Chrysler Group, notably the muscle car era of the 1960s and 1970s. The Slingshot also features a canvas roof panel. It bears more than a passing resemblance to the smart Roadster Coupé, which was in production from 2003-2007.
Interesting to note that Dodge and smart were at the time Daimler Chrysler companies.

</doc>
<doc id="5907118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907118" title="Geislingen, Zollernalbkreis">
Geislingen, Zollernalbkreis

Geislingen is a town in the Zollernalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 4 km northwest of Balingen. Current population is at around 6,000 people. Geislingen consists of three smaller towns, Geislingen (pop. 4,500), Erlaheim (pop. 500) and Binsdorf (pop. 1,000), all of them growing by about 1% per year.
While the area has been constantly settled since the stone age, the first written documentation of Binsdorf dates back to the year 834, Geislingen proper gets a first mention in 1188.
The local economy mixes agriculture with services and small-scale industry. Most of Geislingen today has a residential character with many citizens working in the highly industrial areas south of Stuttgart or in nearby Balingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5907122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907122" title="Meadowlands Drive">
Meadowlands Drive

Meadowlands Drive (Ottawa Road #51) is a suburban road in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It begins at Prince of Wales Drive as a continuation of Hog's Back Road in the neighborhood of Rideauview. There are two small shopping plazas and a Shell station at its corner with Prince of Wales. It then continues westward towards Fisher Avenue and consists of low-income housing projects, low-rise apartment buildings, townhouses and semi-detached homes. The speed limit here is and there are two lanes in each direction.
West of Fisher Avenue, the speed limit decreases to , there is only one lane in each direction and there are more low-rise apartment buildings and townhouses and as single family homes as well as a park. Just east of its intersection with Merivale Road, there is a cluster of high-rise apartment buildings and two schools. The road then quickly widens to two lanes in each direction for its busy intersection with Merivale Road. This intersection is a major shopping area, consisting of four shopping plazas, one on each corner, and includes many stores, including Zellers, a Mexx outlet, HMV, Home Outfitters, Winners, and Staples. There are also several restaurants here, including Wendy's, Tim Hortons, Swiss Chalet and Mr. Sub.
West of Merivale Road, the road quickly reverts to 2 lanes in each direction at 40 km/h and is residential with the exception of a public school, a Montessori school and St Maurice Catholic Church. It ends at Woodroffe Avenue and becomes Tallwood Drive west of Woodroffe.
Due to the order in which the neighbourhoods along Meadowlands Drive were built, the numbering is not consistent. Addresses up to 178 are in the section west of Merivale Road (intermittently signed Meadowlands Dr. W.), while addresses from 888 up are east of Merivale Road, beginning at Prince of Wales Drive.
Many university and college students live along Meadowlands Drive during the school year because of its proximity and bus links to Algonquin College and Carleton University.
Bus routes.
Meadowlands Drive is well served by OC Transpo bus service as follows:
Neighbourhoods.
Meadowlands Drive generally passes through the following neighbourhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="5907141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907141" title="BYG Actuel">
BYG Actuel

BYG Actuel was a French record label specializing in free jazz. The label also released a small number of non-jazz recordings by artists such as Musica Elettronica Viva, Freedom and Gong.
History.
BYG Records was founded in March 1967 by Jean Georgakarakos, Jean-Luc Young and Fernand Boruso. The name of the label was formed from the initial letters of the founders' surnames. Karakos had previously established himself as a record distributor and importer, while Young worked for Barclay Records and Boruso for Saravah, the record label formed by filmmaker Claude Lelouch.
The label invited American free jazz musicians to Paris to record in the summer of 1969, a time when they were receiving little support or attention in the United States. Many of these musicians were already overseas at the time, having appeared at the Pan-African Music Festival in Algiers in July 1969. (Jazz photographer Jacques Bisceglia was largely responsible for connecting the label and musicians, and the "B" in BYG is often wrongly held to refer to Bisceglia.) The resulting albums are an important repository of free jazz recordings from the period.
BYG Actuel was also responsible for organising the Actuel festival, which took place in late October 1969 in the small Belgian town of Amougies. The festival was initially intended to take place in or near Paris, but was banned by the French authorities. It featured many leading exponents of free jazz and progressive rock, e.g. Frank Zappa, Pink Floyd, Captain Beefheart, Soft Machine, Ten Years After, Yes and The Nice. The festival was a popular success, with around 20,000 visitors over the space of five nights, but it was a financial failure. In July 1970, Georgakarakos organised the Popanalia festival at Biot on the French Riviera, but this was also financially unsuccessful. By 1972, financial problems had plagued BYG to the point where it virtually went underground. Georgakarakos and Young later formed their own record labels, Celluloid (Georgakarakos) and Charly (Young). In 2002 a compilation album featuring the best of the label, "JazzActuel: a collection of avant garde/free jazz/psychedelia from the BYG/Actuel catalogue of 1969–1971", was released by Charly (as a 3-CD set) and Get Back Records of Italy (as a 6LP set). The collection was curated by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth and journalist Byron Coley.

</doc>
<doc id="5907146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907146" title="David Bebbington">
David Bebbington

David W. Bebbington (born 1949) is a historian who is Professor of History at the University of Stirling in Scotland and a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. An undergraduate at Jesus College, Cambridge (1968–71), Bebbington began his doctoral studies there (1971–73) before becoming a research fellow of Fitzwilliam College (1973–76). Since 1976 he has taught at the University of Stirling, where since 1999 he has been Professor of History. His principal research interests are in the history of politics, religion, and society in Great Britain from the eighteenth to the twentieth century, and in the history of the global evangelical movement.
Bebbington quadrilateral.
Bebbington is widely known for his definition of evangelicalism, referred to as the "Bebbington quadrilateral", which was first provided in his 1989 classic study "Evangelicalism in Modern Britain: A History from the 1730s to the 1980s". Bebbington identifies four main qualities which are to be used in defining evangelical convictions and attitudes: 
Bebbington (along with Mark Noll and others) has exerted a large amount of effort in placing evangelicalism on the world map of religious history. Through their efforts they have made it more difficult for scholars to ignore the influence of evangelicals in the world since the movement’s inception in the eighteenth century.
Personal life.
Bebbington is married to Eileen, and has a daughter Anne Bebbington and granddaughter Becky. He lives in the village of Bridge of Allan and is a longtime member of Stirling Baptist Church, where he has held various positions of leadership. He is also a regular lay preacher for churches affiliated to the Baptist Union of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="5907168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907168" title="Kenny Fields">
Kenny Fields

Kenny Fields (born February 9, 1962) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1st round (21st overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'5" guard-forward from UCLA, Fields played in 4 seasons in the NBA from 1984-1988. He played for the Bucks and Los Angeles Clippers. His best year as a pro came during the 1986-87 season when he split time with the Bucks and Clippers, appearing in 48 games and averaging 8.2 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="5907177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907177" title="Nuchal scan">
Nuchal scan

A nuchal scan (NT Procedure) is a sonographic prenatal screening scan (ultrasound) to help identify higher chances for chromosomal conditions including Down syndrome in a fetus, particularly for older women who have higher risks of such pregnancies. Increased thickness measurements are also associated with congenital heart defect. The scan is carried out at 11–13+6 weeks pregnancy and assesses the quantity of fluid collecting within the nape of the fetal neck. There are two distinct measurements – the nuchal translucency, which is measured earlier in pregnancy at the end of the first trimester, and for which there is a lower threshold for increased diameter, and the nuchal fold, which is measured towards the end of the second trimester. Fetuses with Down syndrome tend to have an increased amount of fluid around the neck. The scan may also help confirm both the accuracy of the pregnancy dates and the fetal viability. Its high definition imaging may also detect other less common chromosomal abnormalities.
Indication.
All women, whatever their age, have a small risk of delivering a baby with a physical or intellectual disability. The nuchal scan helps physicians estimate the risk of the fetus having Down's syndrome or other abnormalities more accurately than by maternal age alone.
Down Syndrome.
Overall, the most common chromosomal disorder is Down syndrome (trisomy 21). The risk rises with maternal age from 1 in 1400 pregnancies below age 25, to 1 in 350 at age 35, to 1 in 100 at age 40. Down syndrome is the second most common chromosomal abnormality associated with increased nuchal translucency, after Turner syndrome (45XO). 
Until recently, the only reliable ways to determine if the fetus has a chromosomal abnormality is by having an invasive test such as an amniocentesis or chorionic villus sampling, but such tests carry a risk of causing a miscarriage estimated variously as ranging between 1% or 0.06%. Based on maternal age, some countries offer invasive testing to women over 35; others to the oldest 5% of pregnant women. Most women, especially those with a low risk of having a child with Down syndrome, may wish to avoid the risk to the fetus and the discomfort of invasive testing. In 2011, Sequenom announced the launch of MaterniT 21, a non-invasive blood test with a high level of accuracy in detecting Down syndrome (and a handful of other chromosomal abnormalities).
Blood testing is also used to look for abnormal levels of fetal protein or hormones. The results of all three factors may indicate a higher risk. If this is the case, the woman may be advised to have invasive tests (such as chorionic villus sampling or amniocentesis).
Screening for Down syndrome by a combination of maternal age and thickness of nuchal translucency in the fetus at 11–14 weeks of gestation was introduced in the 1990s. This method identifies about 75% of affected fetuses while screening about 5% of pregnancies. Natural fetal loss after positive diagnosis at 12 weeks is about 30%.
Other chromosomal defects.
Other chromosomal defects that cause a thicker nuchal translucency are
Other defects with normal karyotype.
In fetuses with a normal number of chromosomes, a thicker nuchal translucency is associated with other fetal defects and genetic syndromes.
Procedure.
Nuchal scan (NT Procedure) is performed between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation, because the accuracy is best in this period. The scan is obtained with the fetus in sagittal section and a neutral position of the fetal head (neither hyperflexed nor extended, either of which can influence the nuchal translucency thickness). The fetal image is enlarged to fill 75% of the screen, and the maximum thickness is measured, from leading edge to leading edge. It is important to distinguish the nuchal lucency from the underlying amnionic membrane.
Normal thickness depends on the crown-rump length (CRL) of the fetus. Among those fetuses whose nuchal translucency exceeds the normal values, there is a relatively high risk of significant abnormality.
Accuracy.
Between 65 and 85% of trisomic fetuses will have a large nuchal thickness. Further, other, non-trisomic abnormalities may also demonstrate an enlarged nuchal transparency. This leaves the measurement of nuchal transparency as a potentially useful 1st trimester screening tool. Abnormal findings allow for early careful evaluation of chromosomes and possible structural defects on a targeted basis. 
At 12 weeks of gestational age, an "average" nuchal thickness of 2.18mm has been observed; however, up to 13% of chromosomally normal fetuses present with a nuchal lucency of greater than 2.5mm. Thus for even greater accuracy of predicting risks, the outcome of the nuchal scan may be combined with the results of simultaneous maternal blood tests. In pregnancies affected by Down's syndrome there is a tendency for the levels of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to be increased and pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) to be decreased. 
The advantage of nuchal scanning over the previous use of just biochemical blood profiling is mainly the reduction in false positive rates.
Nuchal scanning alone detects 62% of all Down's Syndrome with a false positive rate of 5.0%; the combination with blood testing gives corresponding values of 73% and 4.7%. 
In another study values of 79.6% and 2.7% for the combined screening were then improved with the addition of second trimester ultrasound scanning to 89.7% and 4.2% respectively.
A further study reported detection of 88% for trisomy 21 (Down syndrome) and 75% for trisomy 18 (Edwards syndrome), with a 3.3% false-positive rate. Finally, using the additional ultrasound feature of an absent nasal bone can further increase detection rates for Down syndrome to more than 95%.
When screening is positive, chorionic villus sampling (CVS) or amniocentesis testing is required to confirm the presence of a genetic abnormality. However this procedure carries a small risk of miscarriage so prior screening with low false positive rates are needed to minimize the chance of miscarrying.
Development of nuchal translucency.
The translucent area measured (the nuchal translucency) is only useful to measure between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation, when the fetal lymphatic system is developing and the peripheral resistance of the placenta is high. After 14 weeks the lymphatic system is likely to have developed sufficiently to drain away any excess fluid, and
changes to the placental circulation will result in a drop in peripheral resistance. So after this time any abnormalities causing fluid accumulation may seem to correct themselves and can thus go undetected by nuchal scanning.
The buildup in fluid is due to a blockage of fluid in the developing fetal lymphatic system. Progressive increase in the width of the translucent area during the 11 to 14 week measurement period is thus indicative of congenital lymphedema.
Nuchal fold.
At the end of the second trimester, the nuchal translucency can no longer be seen and instead the nuchal fold is measured. The fold is more focal and at the level of the posterior fossa. This measurement has a higher threshold of normal, although the implications of increased thickness are similar to those of translucency.
History.
The nuchal scan first came into widespread use in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5907180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907180" title="Geithain">
Geithain

Geithain is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. 
Geography.
Geithain is situated 30 km northwest of Chemnitz, and 40 km southeast of Leipzig. It lies in hilly country by the wooded area Wickershain and the river Eula.
History.
Development of the town.
The first documented mention of the town was in the year 1186 in a document, which described the donation of earnings from the Wickershainer Marion Church to the Bishop of Merseburg through the Duke Dedo von Rochlitz.
The name of the town has its origins in the Old Sorbian word "Chytan" (Chyten) and describes the place of Chyten, where "Chyt" (Chit) is a Sorbian first name.
In 1209 there was another documented mention of Geithain and the already established Nicolai Church. In this year the establishment of a hospital and a chapel (of St. James) was ordered by Konrad II of Groitzsch(1190-1210), the Margrave of Lausitz. Also, although Geithain is described as a town in this document, a charter with the first Mayor (Silvester Phil) is first evident for the year 1335. From 1346 cisterns and wooden water conduits were constructed in Geithain, which were used until 1904.
Gaithain was administered in the Middle Ages by a Vogt, who had his seat in the Freihof, first mentioned in 1349. The Geithain powder-tower, today one of the sights of the town, was part of the Freihof and was inserted with this into the town's fortifications.
In World War II the town had 219 dead. On the 13 April 1945 alone 13 people were killed in a single air raid on the town. The target of the low flying aircraft was the railway station. On the 14 April the second World War ended for Geithain with the arrival of the American troops.

</doc>
<doc id="5907185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907185" title="Jaynes–Cummings model">
Jaynes–Cummings model

The Jaynes–Cummings model (JCM) is a theoretical model in quantum optics. It describes the system of a two-level atom interacting with a quantized mode of an optical cavity, with or without the presence of light (in the form of a bath of electromagnetic radiation that can cause spontaneous emission and absorption). The JCM is of great interest in atomic physics, quantum optics, and solid-state quantum information circuits, both experimentally and theoretically.
History.
This model was originally proposed in 1963 by Edwin Jaynes and Fred Cummings in order to study the relationship between the quantum theory of radiation and the semi-classical theory in describing the phenomenon of spontaneous emission.
In the earlier semi-classical theory of field-atom interaction, only the atom is quantized and the field is treated as a definite function of time rather than as an operator. The semi-classical theory can explain many phenomena that are observed in modern optics, for example the existence of Rabi cycles in atomic excitation probabilities for radiation fields with sharply defined energy (narrow bandwidth). The JCM serves to find out how quantization of the radiation field affects the predictions for the evolution of the state of a two-level system in comparison with semi-classical theory of light-atom interaction. It was later discovered that the revival of the atomic population inversion after its collapse is a direct consequence of discreteness of field states (photons).
This is a pure quantum effect that can be described by the JCM but not with the semi-classical theory.
Twenty four years later, in 1987, a beautiful demonstration of quantum collapse and revival was observed in a one-atom maser by Rempe, Walther, and Klein.
Before that time, research groups were unable to build experimental setups capable of enhancing the coupling of an atom with a single field mode, simultaneously suppressing other modes. Experimentally, the quality factor of the cavity must be high enough to consider the dynamics of the system as equivalent to the dynamics of a single mode field. With the advent of one-atom masers it was possible to study the interaction of a single atom (usually a Rydberg atom) with a single resonant mode of the electromagnetic field in a cavity from an experimental point of view,
and study different aspects of the JCM.
To observe strong atom-field coupling in visible light frequencies hour-glass-type optical modes can be helpful because of their large mode volume that eventually coincides with a strong field inside the cavity.
A quantum dot inside a photonic crystal nano-cavity is also a promising system for observing collapse and revival of Rabi cycles in the visible light frequencies.
In order to more precisely describe the interaction between an atom and a laser field, the model is generalized in different ways. Some of the generalizations are applying initial conditions, consideration of dissipation and damping in the model, consideration of multilevel atoms and multiple atoms, and multi-mode description of the field.
It was also discovered that during the quiescent intervals of collapsed Rabi oscillations the atom and field exist in a macroscopic superposition state (a Schrödinger cat). This discovery offers the opportunity to use the JCM to elucidate the basic properties of quantum correlation (entanglement). In another work the JCM is employed to model transfer of quantum information.
A more recent reference re Jaynes-Cummings Physics is Journal of Physics B, 2013, vol. 46, #22, containing numerous relevant articles, including two interesting editorials, one by Cummings.
Formulation.
The Hamiltonian that describes the full system,
consists of the free field Hamiltonian, the atomic excitation Hamiltonian, and the Jaynes–Cummings interaction Hamiltonian:
We have set the zero field energy to zero for convenience.
For deriving the JCM interaction Hamiltonian the quantized radiation field is taken to consist of a single bosonic mode with the field operator
formula_3,
where the operators formula_4 and formula_5 are the bosonic creation and annihilation operators and formula_6 is the angular frequency of the mode. On the other hand, the two-level atom is equivalent to a spin-half whose state can be described using a three-dimensional Bloch vector. (It should be understood that "two-level atom" here is not an actual atom "with" spin, but rather a generic two-level quantum system whose Hilbert space is isomorphic "to" a spin-half.)
The atom is coupled to the field through its polarization operator formula_7.
The operators formula_8 and formula_9 are the raising and lowering operators of the atom. The operator formula_10 is the atomic inversion operator, and formula_11 is the atomic transition frequency.
JCM Hamiltonian.
Moving from the Schrödinger picture into the interaction picture (aka rotating frame) defined by the choice
formula_12,
we obtain
This Hamiltonian contains both quickly formula_14 and slowly
formula_15 oscillating components. To get a solvable model, when
formula_16
the quickly oscillating "counter-rotating" terms can be ignored. This is referred to as the rotating wave approximation.
Transforming back into the Schrödinger picture the JCM Hamiltonian is thus written as
Eigenstates.
It is possible, and often very helpful, to write the Hamiltonian of the full system as a sum of two commuting parts:
where
with formula_20 called the detuning (frequency) between the field and the two-level system.
The eigenstates of formula_21, being of tensor product form, are easily solved and denoted by formula_22,
where formula_23 denotes the number of radiation quanta in the mode.
As the states
formula_24 and
formula_25
are degenerate with respect to
formula_21 for all formula_27,
it is enough to diagonalize
formula_28 in the subspaces formula_29.
The matrix elements of formula_28 in this subspace,
formula_31 read
For a given formula_27, the energy eigenvalues of formula_34 are
where formula_36 is the Rabi frequency for the specific detuning parameter.
The eigenstates formula_37 associated with the energy eigenvalues are given by
where the angle formula_40 is defined through
formula_41
Schrödinger picture dynamics.
It is now possible to obtain the dynamics of a general state by expanding it on to the noted eigenstates. We consider a superposition of number states as the initial state for the field, formula_42, and assume an atom in the excited state is injected into the field. The initial state of the system is
Since the formula_44 are stationary states of the field-atom system, then the state vector for times
formula_45 is just given by
The Rabi oscillations can readily be seen in the sin and cos functions in the state vector. Different periods occur for different number states of photons.
What is observed in experiment is the sum of many periodic functions that can be very widely oscillating and destructively sum to zero at some moment of time, but will be non-zero again at later moments. Finiteness of this moment results just from discreteness of the periodicity arguments. If the field amplitude were continuous, the revival would have never happened at finite time.
Heisenberg picture dynamics.
It is possible in the Heisenberg notation to directly determine the unitary evolution operator from the Hamiltonian:
where the operator formula_48 is defined as
The unitarity of formula_50 is guaranteed by the identities
and their Hermitian conjugates.
By the unitary evolution operator one can calculate the time evolution of the state of the system described by its density matrix formula_53, and from there the expectation value of any observable, given the initial state:
The initial state of the system is denoted by formula_56 and formula_57 is an operator denoting the observable.
Collapses and revivals of quantum oscillations.
The plot of quantum oscillations of atomic inversion (for quadratic scaled detuning parameter formula_58, where formula_59 is the detuning parameter) was built on the basis of formulas obtained by A.A. Karatsuba and E.A. Karatsuba.

</doc>
<doc id="5907195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907195" title="Carnival of Souls (Miranda Sex Garden album)">
Carnival of Souls (Miranda Sex Garden album)

Following a six-year hiatus, Miranda Sex Garden released their final album, Carnival of Souls, in 2000. Like "Suspiria", it takes its name from a classic horror film ("Carnival of Souls", a 1962 film starring Candace Hilligloss and directed by Herk Harvey).

</doc>
<doc id="5907197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907197" title="Medicine (disambiguation)">
Medicine (disambiguation)

Medicine is the modern field of medical practice and health care.
Medicine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5907199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907199" title="Bruce Grove">
Bruce Grove

Bruce Grove is a ward in Tottenham, enclosed by Lordship Recreation Ground, Lordship Lane, Philip Lane, and the High Road.
The Bruce Grove area of the Tottenham High Road has received a £1m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to restore the historic Victorian and Edwardian buildings to their original grandeur under the Bruce Grove Townscape Heritage Initiative (THI) project. 
Nearby Bruce Castle was named after Robert the Bruce of Scottish history.
The area is served by Bruce Grove railway station — trains go to Liverpool Street.
The neighbourhood dates back further to Roman times with Ermine Street (High Rd) and to medieval times with the Swan Public House but most of the houses were built in the late Victorian/ Edwardian Era following the building of the Great Eastern Railway Enfield Branch. Bruce Grove the road has some nice Georgian architecture and a very pretty Almshouse - Edmanson’s Close (1869). 
Shop and building owners will receive grants to restore historical architectural elements such as shop fronts, awning, domes and columns on the faces of the buildings. New heritage street lighting will be installed and the buildings will be cleaned and repaired. 
7 Bruce Grove features an English Heritage blue plaque to Luke Howard (1772–1864), the meteorologist who named the clouds in 1802.

</doc>
<doc id="5907213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907213" title="Creole music">
Creole music

Creole music applies to two genres of music from south Louisiana: "Creole folk" and "Louisiana Creole". Creole folk dates from the 18th century or before, and it consists primarily of folk songs. Many were published, and some found their way into works by Louisiana composers such as Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Basil Barès, Camille Nickerson, and Moses Hogan. Louisiana Creole is preserved primarily in the form of recordings rather than sheet music. Along with Cajun music, Louisiana Creole music played a role in early development of la-la, zydeco, and swamp pop.
Creole folk music.
One possible definition of Creole folk music is this: melodies, sometimes including dance-related instrumental accompaniments, sung in French patois by Creole people of French and African descent; however, this depends on a definition of Creole people, which is notoriously problematic. A simpler definition, in view of the relatively few Creole folk melodies that have survived, is this: music represented as Creole folk music in certain compilations, such as those listed here (with full citations in the References): 
Cultural Setting and Congo Square.
In "America's Music" (2nd edition, p. 302-3), Gilbert Chase describes the cultural setting in which Creole folk music developed. To summarize, in 1803 the United States purchased the Louisiana Territory, including New Orleans, from France, and in 1809 and 1810, "more than ten thousand refugees from the West Indies arrived in New Orleans, most originally from Haiti. Of these, about three thousand were free Negroes." At the time of Louis Moreau Gottschalk's birth in 1829, 'Caribbean' was "perhaps the best word to describe the musical atmosphere of New Orleans."
Central to Creole musical activities was Place Congo (in English: Congo Square). The much quoted 1886 article by George Washington Cable offers this description:
The booming of African drums and blast of huge wooden horns called to the gathering... . The drums were very long, hollowed, often from a single piece of wood, open at one end and having a sheep or goat skin stretched across the other... . The smaller drum was often made from a joint or two of very large bamboo...and this is said to be the origin of its name; for it was called the Bamboula.
Cable then describes a variety of instruments used at Congo Square, including gourds, triangles, jaw harps, jawbones, and "the grand instrument at last", the four-stringed banjo. The bamboula, or "bamboo-drum", accompanied the bamboula dance and bamboula songs. Chase writes, "For Cable, the bamboula represented 'a frightful triumph of body over the mind,' and 'Only the music deserved to survive, and does survive...'"
Among other Creole dances mentioned by Chase (p. 312) are the "babouilee", the "cata" (or "chacta"), the "counjaille" (or "counjai"), the "voudou", the "calinda", and the "congo." "Perhaps the most widespread of all was the calinda..." The melody "Michié Préval", for example, was sung to the calinda. In Spanish, the name of this dance is calenda.
Songs Sung at Good Hope Plantation, St. Charles Parish.
Songs numbered 130-136 in "Slave Songs of the United States", according to a note on page 113,
were obtained from a lady who heard them sung, before the war, on the "Good Hope" plantation, St. Charles Parish, Louisiana... Four of these songs, Nos. 130, 131, 132, and 133, were sung to a simple dance, a sort of minuet, called the "Coonjai"; the name and the dance are probably both of African origin. When the "Coonjai" is danced, the music is furnished by an orchestra of singers, the leader of whom—a man selected both for the quality of his voice and for his skill in improvising—sustains the solo part, while the others afford him an opportunity, as they shout in chorus, for inventing some neat verse to compliment some lovely "danseuse", or celebrate the deeds of some plantation hero. The dancers themselves never sing...and the usual musical accompaniment, besides that of the singers, is that furnished by a skilful performer on the barrel-head-drum, the jaw-bone and key, or some other rude instrument. 
...It will be noticed that all these songs are "seculars" spirituals; and that while the words of most of them are of very little account, the music is as peculiar, as interesting, and, in the case of two or three of them, as difficult to write down, or to sing correctly, as any the 129 songs that have preceded them. 
The words "obtained from a lady who heard them sung" suggest that the songs were written down by someone, perhaps the lady herself, but certainly someone adept at music notation who was able to understand and write down the patois. It seems likely that she or he was a guest or a member of the La Branche family, who resided at the plantation until 1859, shortly after which the plantation was devastated by flood. This family included United States chargé d'affaires to Texas and a Speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives, Alcée Louis La Branche.
We may never know the identity of the person who wrote down the seven Creole folk songs as sung at Good Hope Plantation, but it is noteworthy that Good Hope (town), Good Hope Floodwall, Good Hope Oil and Gas Field, Bayou La Branche, and, especially, La Branche Wetlands are today well known names in St. Charles Parish, where the seven songs were once sung.
Gottschalk's Use of Creole Melodies.
Louis Moreau Gottschalk, widely acknowledged as America's foremost concert artist of the nineteenth century, was born in New Orleans in 1829. Perone's bio-bibliography lists hundreds of Gottschalk's compositions. Among them are three solo piano works based on Creole melodies:
In "America's Music" (revised third edition, page 290), Chase writes:
"Le Bananier" was one of the three pieces based on Creole tunes that had a tremendous success in Europe and that I have called the "Louisiana Trilogy." other two are "Bamboula" and "La Savane." All three were composed between 1844 and 1846, when Gottschalk was still a teenager... . The piece that created the greatest sensation was "Bamboula." 
Chase apparently overlooked a fourth Creole melody used by Gottschalk on his Op. 11 (Three other melodies had already been identified for this piece). In her 1902 compilation, Gottschalk's sister arranged "Po' Pitie Mamzé Zizi", and included a footnote: "L. M. Gottschalk used this melody for his piece entitled "Le Mancenillier, sérénade," Op. 11."
Regarding "Misieu Bainjo", used in Gottschalk's "Bamboula", the editors of "Slave Songs" write "...the attempt of some enterprising negro to write a French song; he is certainly to be congratulated on his success." The song has been published in more than a dozen collections prior to 1963, listed by the Archive of Folk Culture, Library of Congress.
The Louisiana Lady.
During the 1930s and 1940s, Camille Nickerson (1888–1982) performed Creole folk music professionally as "The Louisiana Lady." During an interview with Doris E. McGinty, Professor Nickerson told of her first performance at a parish in New Iberia. "I was dressed in Creole costume and sang for about an hour and a half, and was very well received. Now this was a white audience; such a thing was unheard of in Louisiana, especially in the rural section such as this was. The enthusiasm of the audience showed me what an impact the Creole song could have."
Compilations and arrangements of Creole melodies.
In any discussion of Creole folk songs, compilations of such songs play an essential role, not only for defining "Creole folk music", but also as a source of information, and, for performers, a possible source of arrangements. A brief summary of published compilations (with citations in References) follows:
The most definite recollections of my childhood on the Labranche Plantation in St. Charles Parish where we lived, are of the singing and dancing of the negroes. This plantation had been in our family from the days of the early settlers and, by a trick of fortune years after the war, with its resulting shiftings and changes, my grandmother found herself mistress of a plantation on which she had lived as a child. Many of the negroes who had wandered away (in fact, nearly all of them) had by then returned to their birthplace to find themselves practically under the same masters... 
Louisiana Creole music.
"Louisiana Creole music", often reduced to "Creole music", designates a genre found in connection with Cajun music, zydeco, and swamp pop. The beginnings of this genre are associated with accordionist Amédé Ardoin (1896–1941), who, in the early 1930s, made influential recordings with Cajun fiddler Dennis McGee.
Subsequent developments, in which Creole and Cajun styles became increasingly inseparable, are covered at Contemporary Louisiana Cajun, Creole and Zydeco Musicians. Among the many pages, under the auspices of Louisiana State University Eunice, are tributes to Louisiana Creole musicians 
Alphonse "Bois Sec" Ardoin (1915-2007) and 
Boozoo Chavis (1930-2001). Andrus Espree aka Beau Jocque (1956–1999)

</doc>
<doc id="5907214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907214" title="Playing in the Band">
Playing in the Band

"Playing in the Band" is a Grateful Dead song. The lyrics were written by Robert Hunter and rhythm guitarist Bob Weir composed the music. The song first emerged in embryonic form on the self-titled 1971 live album "Grateful Dead". It then appeared in a more polished form on "Ace", Bob Weir's first solo album (which included every Grateful Dead member sans Ron "Pigpen" McKernan).
It has since become one of the best-known Grateful Dead numbers and a standard part of their repertoire. According to "Deadbase X", it would end up as the fourth-most played in concert Dead song in their long career with 581 performances (not counting isolated reprises), trailing only "Me & My Uncle", "Sugar Magnolia", and "The Other One".
"Playing in the Band" was also included on Mickey Hart's 1972 "Rolling Thunder" solo album within "The Main Ten", making reference to the song's time signature of 10/4. "The Main Ten" was first introduced in 1969. It appears on "Dick's Picks Vol. 16", from their performance at the Fillmore West on November 8, 1969. On that set, it appears in the middle of "Caution (Do Not Stop On The Tracks)".
During the time of, and during their tour of Europe, Playing in the Band was moved around, in some cases starting the show, and in some cases during the second set. Second set versions of this song extended into the nine to ten minute range. By 1973, however, the song had solidified its position as a first set ending song, succeeding Casey Jones. By this stage the song could extend into the twenty minute mark. A good example of "Playin'" as an extended first set closer is the 23 minute version performed on New Year's Eve (31 December), 1976, and released in 2007 on "Live at the Cow Palace". The longest live version of "Playing in the Band" ever performed was on 5/21/74 at the Hec Edmunson Pavilion in Seattle, Washington. This standalone version ran 46:26. By the 80s, the song would be a second set feature.
Beginning in the winter of 1973, the song would go on to begin or bookend a lot of the Dead's jam medleys. Evidence of this can be found on "Dick's Picks"; "Volumes 20" & "24", and then again also "The Grateful Dead Movie" soundtrack. Usually if not always, Weir would alter the line "Some folks up in treetops / Just look to see the sights" to "Some folks up in treetops / Just looking for their kites."

</doc>
<doc id="5907215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907215" title="Obituary (short story)">
Obituary (short story)

Obituary is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the August 1959 issue of "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" and reprinted in Asimov's 1968 collection "Asimov's Mysteries".
The story originated when Asimov read the obituary of his friend Cyril Kornbluth in the "New York Times", and found himself feeling envy at the size and prominence of Kornbluth's obituary and frustration at the knowledge that he would never know whether his own obituary would be equally prominent. Nine months after Kornbluth's death, Asimov decided to exorcise his feelings by writing this story. Discussing "Obituary" in his autobiography, Asimov notes that it is the only story he wrote with a female narrator.
Plot summary.
The story is narrated by the unnamed wife of an independently wealthy theoretical physicist named Lancelot Stebbins. Stebbins is a bitter man who feels frustration at his lack of fame in his chosen field, and after twenty-five years of marriage, his wife is increasingly unhappy with the state of affairs. At one point when she had remarked that he could at least expect some fame when his obituary appeared, Stebbins responded by screaming that he would never get to read it, and then spitting at her.
One morning, Stebbins announces that he has made a discovery that will ensure his lasting fame as a physicist. He gives his lab assistants a month's vacation to ensure that he will not have to share the credit with them, then enlists his wife's help. In the laboratory, Stebbins shows his wife an iron crucible with a white mouse in it. Stebbins then creates a second crucible and mouse by creating a duplicate of them five minutes into the future and then transporting the duplicates back into the present. The mouse in the duplicate crucible, however, is dead. After five minutes, the duplicate crucible and mouse disappear, leaving only the original.
Stebbins plans to create a duplicate of himself by the same process. The duplicate will be dead, of course, and Stebbins plans to have his wife announce his death. After his funeral, he will announce to the world that he is still alive and that his apparent death was the result of his discovery. The surrounding publicity will ensure that Stebbins will always be remembered for his invention. He warns his wife that if anything goes wrong with his plan, he will kill her.
Stebbins carries out his plan. He creates a duplicate of himself three days in the future, then brings it back to the present, where it falls dead to the floor. Stebbins and his wife move the body to a room in the laboratory that has been arranged to look as though a reaction involving potassium cyanide got out of control. Stebbins then hides in another room with a three-day supply of food and water while his wife calls a doctor. The doctor calls the police, who rule the death an accident and leave. Mrs. Stebbins then notifies the media, and several reporters come to the laboratory, where she gives them information about how wonderful and brilliant Stebbins was.
Stebbins reads his obituaries with relish, and begins planning a career as the Great Man of temporal studies, to his wife's dismay. Per his instructions, she has the dead duplicate brought to the laboratory and displayed in an open casket. On the third day, the body in the casket disappears on schedule, and Stebbins has his wife make him a cup of coffee to celebrate. Mrs. Stebbins puts cyanide in the coffee instead of sugar, killing Stebbins, and she puts his body in the casket in place of the duplicate and proceeds with his funeral. She feels no remorse about his murder; after all, he did have the satisfaction of reading his own obituary.
References.
Asimov, Isaac, "In Joy Still Felt", Doubleday, 1980. ISBN 0-385-15544-1

</doc>
<doc id="5907224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907224" title="The Sea Hound">
The Sea Hound

Adventures of the Sea Hound was a popular radio show that ran on the Blue Network from 1942 to 1945, Mutual from 1946-47, and ABC in 1948. Between 1942 and 1945, it was produced on behalf of Nelson A. Rockefeller's Office of Inter-American Affairs (1940-46) and was part of a national program to strengthen inter-American relations. Broadcast five times a week, the show featured Captain Silver and his sidekick Jerry hunting Nazi spies throughout the hemisphere. Every episode took place in a different Latin American country. Listeners w ere encouraged to write to NBC to request Captain Silver’s Sea Chart - a colorful map of the Americas that informed on the most important products and carried on its border pictures of outstanding heroes and flags of all the Latin America republics. Some 200,000 of such maps were sent out.
Other media.
The show spawned a short lived comic book and the 1947 Columbia serial, "The Sea Hound", starring Buster Crabbe.
Episodes.
Episodes of "The Sea Hound" included:

</doc>
<doc id="5907236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907236" title="Gemünden (Wohra)">
Gemünden (Wohra)

Gemünden is a town in Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Gemünden lies roughly 22 km northeast of Marburg on the edge of the Burgwald range to the west and near the Kellerwald range rising to the northeast. The river Wohra crosses the town.
Neighbouring communities.
Gemünden borders in the north on the community of Haina (Waldeck-Frankenberg), in the east on the community of Gilserberg (Schwalm-Eder-Kreis), in the south on the community of Wohratal (Marburg-Biedenkopf) and in the west on the town of Rosenthal (Waldeck-Frankenberg).
Constituent communities.
The town consists of the centres of Ellnrode, Gemünden (Wohra), Grüsen, Herbelhausen, Lehnhausen, Schiffelbach and Sehlen.
History.
Gemünden was formed out of seven villages: Holzbach, Giebelingsbach, Burghardshausen, Ernstdorf, Steigershausen, Osterbach and Katzbach
The town's first documentary mentions come from the years 750 to 779, under the name "Zegemunde". The second documentary mention came in 1223. In 1253, Gemünden is first mentioned as a town. At this time, Gemünden belonged to the Counts of Ziegenhain. This historical fact is even seen in the town's coat of arms, showing a black bird in a white field with red claws, a goat's head ("Ziege" is German for goat) and a six-pointed star under each wing.
In 1450, Gemünden passed to Hesse after the Ziegenhain line had died out.
In the 16th century, the town had great wealth. In 1523, a great fountain was built, in 1541, the school was built, in 1564, a town hall was built on the marketplace, and in 1587, the first aqueduct was built using wooden ducts.
The war years in the 17th and 18th centuries not only destroyed Gemünden's emerging cultural life, but also exacted heavy sacrifices. The Plague claimed two thirds of the town's population. The Thirty Years' War and the Seven Years' War asked the utmost of the townsfolk in terms of billeting and financial performance.
From 1909 to 1914, the railway was built, the aqueduct special purpose association ("Wasserleitungszweckverband") was founded (Gemünden got a new, modern water supply) and a new school in Gemünden came into being.
In 1972, passenger transport on the railway was discontinued. In the winter of 1980-1981 came the discontinuation of goods services as well, and furthermore, the tracks were torn up.
Politics.
Town council.
The town council's 23 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: "Bürgerliste" is a "citizens' list" rather than an actual party.
Coat of arms.
Gemünden's civic coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: In argent a goat-headed spreadeagle sable armed and langued gules, under each wing a six-pointed star Or.
The goat-headed spreadeagle is a common heraldic charge in civic heraldry in the Ziegenhains' former domain (see also Neukirchen's, Schwalmstadt's and Schwarzenborn's coats of arms; indeed, there is even another place in Hesse called Gemünden with a similar charge in its arms), and was taken from the Counts' arms. In 1261 there appeared a seal showing this composition surmounted by a city gate. This last charge was removed in the 14th century and since then, the town's arms have hardly changed. The stars may symbolize St. Mary's Monastery, another former local ruler in the Middle Ages. The stars have changed position several times over the ages, and the colours have changed – the creature was not always "armed and langued gules" (did not always have red claws and tongue) – but as they stand now, the arms match the oldest known seal.[http://www.ngw.nl/int/dld/g/gemundew.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5907259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907259" title="Kowloon True Light Middle School">
Kowloon True Light Middle School

Kowloon True Light School (KTLS, ) is a Protestant girls' secondary school situated in Kowloon Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, China. It is supervised by The Hong Kong Council of the Church of Christ in China.
History.
On 16June 1872, True Light School, a primary school, was founded in Guangzhou on the Chinese mainland by Miss Harriet Noyes, a missionary from the American Presbyterian Church. In 1917, the True Light Middle School was established in Guangzhou as a secondary section. 
In 1949, due to the communist takeover of Guangzhou, the school transferred to Hong Kong. It was finally relocated to the current site in 1960, with an affiliated primary school and kindergarten opened on its original campus on Waterloo Road. In 1990, the basketball court was demolished, in order to build a new annex. In addition, a six-story new building was completed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5907270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907270" title="Firebase Bastogne">
Firebase Bastogne

Firebase Bastogne was a United States firebase in South Vietnam, at (MGRS 48QYD620095). It was located along Highway 547 halfway between the city of Huế and the A Shau Valley, a feeder route from the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Bastogne was constructed in 1968 by the 101st Airborne Division. It was later closed, but reopened in August 1969 by the 2nd/501st Infantry, 101st Airborne Division.
It was overrun by the North Vietnamese Army in 1972 during the Easter Offensive. It was recaptured later in 1972 by ARVN Forces with American air support. Firebase Bastogne was the largest firebase in Northern I Corp. It was also the closest to the A Shau Valley sitting along QL 547, the road from the City of Huế to the Valley.
Bastogne had three artillery batteries: 105, 155, and heavies (175 and 8 inch two of each in one battery). It also had 2 twin 40-MM "Dusters" (from D Battery 1/44th Artillery/108th Artillery group), 2 quad 50's and 1 searchlight.

</doc>
<doc id="5907288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907288" title="Bagdad, Kentucky">
Bagdad, Kentucky

Bagdad is an unincorporated community in northeastern Shelby County, Kentucky, United States. It was founded at what is currently the intersection of Kentucky Routes 12 and 395. 
Name.
The name of the community comes from the name of an old railroad station. According to one account, the station was named "Daddy's Bag", after a colorful railroad worker who lived there, which was eventually shortened to "Bagdad". Another account suggests that a person with a speech impediment named it "Granddad". Yet another story has it that the young speech-impaired son of a local feed merchant, whenever a customer walked into the door, would holler to his father, "Bag, dad!". This last one can be refuted since the community well predates the 1884 establishment of the feed mill that still operates there. 
Bagdad is the hometown of former governor of Kentucky Martha Layne Collins, Kentucky's first and so far only female governor.

</doc>
<doc id="5907292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907292" title="Lake Villa Township, Lake County, Illinois">
Lake Villa Township, Lake County, Illinois

Lake Villa Township is located in northwestern Lake County, Illinois. The population was 40,276 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Lake Villa Township has a total area of , of which or 12.47% is water. Geologically, it is a region of glacial till, with numerous glacial lakes and wetlands. Principal lakes are Cedar Lake, Deep Lake, Crooked Lake, Sand Lake, Miltmore Lake, and Fourth Lake.
Municipalities include the villages of Lake Villa and Lindenhurst, as well as parts of the villages of Old Mill Creek, Round Lake Beach, and Round Lake Heights. Unincorporated localities of long standing are Venetian Village, West Miltmore, and Third Lake.
History.
Lake Villa Township was created in 1913 from parts of Antioch, Avon, and Grant townships. Early settlements, long predating the creation of the township, included Monaville and Stanwood. In 1883, the Chicago businessman Ernst Johann Lehmann bought in Stanwood, had the name changed to Lake Villa, and established the Lake Villa Hotel. Lehmann encouraged the Wisconsin Central Railroad Company to lay its new railway through the area, and in 1886 the new line opened with a station in Lake Villa. The Lehmann family would come to dominate the immediate area, for a time.
The railroad acted as a spur to enterprise beyond the farming which was the mainstay of the larger region. Resorting was the principal industry in the township into the 1930s. Prior to modern refrigeration, ice cutting drew seasonal labor.
The most important development following the Lehmann era was probably the creation of the village of Lindenhurst, subdivided by N. H. Engle and Sons in 1952 on the former Lehmann estate. The village was incorporated in 1956 and quickly became a force in the township.
Over the past decade the township landscape has become increasingly marked by subdivisions and strip malls, with a corresponding reduction in farm- and woodland. However, large areas of green space have been preserved by the Lake County Forest Preserves; units include Duck Farm, Grant Woods, Hastings Lake, and MacDonald Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="5907313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907313" title="Wrasse (disambiguation)">
Wrasse (disambiguation)

Wrasse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5907331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907331" title="SoundRenderer">
SoundRenderer

SoundRenderer is a spatialized audio rendering plugin for Maya to simulate 3D-positional audio. It can be used to create a multichannel audiotrack from many mono wav-files positioned in the scene for later synchronization with the rendererd video.
The plugin uses the audiofiles set up in the 3d scene and renders them to a variable number of channels (mono, stereo, 5.1 etc.). To simulate a realistic surrounding, it uses several realworld effects:
Nodes.
There are two different kinds of nodes available. The speaker nodes can be linked to wav-files which are triggered either by a keyframe or an expression, but can also be looped (for constant environmental sounds). The listener node can contain a variable number of speakers and offers a customization of the different effects and their precision.
Mixer.
The mixer offers a parallel configuration of the Speakers in the scene without having to find and select them. It also allows to change the triggering mode.

</doc>
<doc id="5907332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907332" title="An Óige">
An Óige

An Óige (, meaning "Youth"), or the Irish Youth Hostel Association (IYHA) is the Hostelling International's association for Ireland.
An Óige was founded in 7 May 1931 by Thekla Beere (as part of an organising committee) as a membership based organization and is a member of the International Youth Hostel Federation. The headquarters are located in Dublin at 61, Mountjoy Street an eight-minute walk from O'Connell Street and less than an hour by Dublin Bus (16A or higher with Airlink) from Dublin Airport.
An Óige operates (as of 2012) 21 youth hostels in Ireland, some of which are only open in the summer season. The hostels in Dublin, Cork or Galway, are open all year round as well as hostels in Fossa in Killarney, County Kerry; Cong in County Mayo, in Gweedore in County Donegal and in Glendalough in County Wicklow.
The first youth hostel was opened in 1931 in Lough Dan (Irish: Loch Dean), near Round Wood (Irish: An Tochar), in County Wicklow (Irish: Cill Mhantáin).
Objective.
To help all, but especially young people, to a love and appreciation of the countryside, particularly by providing simple hostel accommodation for them whilst on their travels.
References.
Trench, Terry (1981). Fifty years young : the story of An Óige. ISBN 0-9500292-9-7.

</doc>
<doc id="5907345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907345" title="John Crawford (sculptor)">
John Crawford (sculptor)

John Crawford (1830–1861) was a talented Scottish Sculptor, apprenticed to John Mossman. He attended Glasgow School of Art, where he won many prizes and attracted the attention of art collectors. He set up his own studio (at 28 Mason Street) in 1858 and was one of the many British sculptors who worked with John Thomas on the new Houses of Parliament. He and most of his family died in the typhus epidemic of 1861 - the same one that carried away Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
The quality of his work is evident from the carved heads on Alexander’s School (later St Kentigern's Annex) in Duke Street Glasgow. Other work has been demolished or lost, though the armorial set on the Bank of Scotland in Carlton Place still exists. 
His son John M. Crawford (1854 - ) became an architect, designing among others, Dennistoun Baptist Church in Craigpark Drive (1907)

</doc>
<doc id="5907350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907350" title="Journal of Democracy">
Journal of Democracy

The Journal of Democracy is a quarterly academic journal established in 1990 and an official publication of the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum for Democratic Studies. It covers the study of democracy, democratic regimes, and pro-democracy movements throughout the world.
In addition to scholarly research and analysis, the journal incorporates reports from activists on the ground, updates on elections, and reviews of recent literature in the field. Writers published in the journal have included Václav Havel, the Dalai Lama, and Zbigniew Brzezinski. The journal is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and the editors-in-chief are Larry Diamond (Stanford University) and Marc F. Plattner (National Endowment for Democracy).
The editors of the "Journal of Democracy" commission most articles but do consider unsolicited articles. The journal does not perform peer review.

</doc>
<doc id="5907351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907351" title="Fleet Electronic Warfare Support Group">
Fleet Electronic Warfare Support Group

The Fleet Electronic Warfare Support Group's (FEWSG) mission as part of the US Navy was to provide electronic warfare simulation in a controlled environment during fleet exercises to help operators deal with EW threats, VAQ-33, VAQ-34 and VAQ-35 were the primary electronic aggressor squadrons to provide these fleet services flying the ERA-3B, EA-4F, EA-6A, EA-6B, EA-7L, EF-4B, EP-3J and NC-121K. FEWSG also operated their own aircraft under contract, most notably EB-47E, NKC-135A and an EC-24A. FEWSG was joined with the Fleet Deception Group Atlantic in May 1992 to form the Fleet Tactical Readiness Group (FTRG). The FTRG had an inventory of EW jammers and threat simulators for realistic training for operators.

</doc>
<doc id="5907355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907355" title="Junius J. Johnson">
Junius J. Johnson

Junius James Johnson (died 1898) was a West Point cadet who became a miner, and later played a significant role in the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894.
Junius J. Johnson was born in Lexington, Kentucky. He attended West Point for three years, but was dismissed in his fourth year for engaging in hazing. Moving west, he was a miner in Aspen and Cripple Creek.
Role in the Cripple Creek strike.
Johnson played a key role in the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894. Local union president John Calderwood had left the region as the strike began, touring the state of Colorado to raise money for the striking workers. He left Johnson in charge. Thinking like a military tactician, Johnson immediately seized the high ground and ordered the miners to move to the top of Bull Hill, which overlooked the town of Altman. He ordered that fortifications be built, a commissary stocked and the miners be drilled in maneuvers.
The mine owners had resolved to break the strike through force. They met secretly with the local sheriff and offered to subsidize a force of a hundred or so men to be deputized. The sheriff agreed to raise the required number of recruits, and immediately began contacting ex-police and ex-firefighters in Denver.
Violence broke out on May 25, 1894. At about 9 a.m., 125 deputies arrived in the town of Altman and started to march toward the miner's camp. At that moment, the miners blew up the shafthouse and steam boiler of the Strong mine. The deputies fled to the rail station and left town.
A celebration broke out among the miners. Liquor warehouses and saloons were broken into, and a drunken revel began. Some miners wanted to blow up every mine in the region, but Johnson quickly discouraged them:
Johnson even went so far as to imprison some of the men who had been most vocal in encouraging violence, and had the miners drive non-union troublemakers from the region. Calderwood returned late in the evening of May 25 and helped Johnson restored calm.
Johnson continued to prep the strikers for action. 'Courts' were established to try and punish miners who were drunk or advocated violence. Pickets were set up throughout the region, and Johnson received regular reports every hour of the day regarding traffic in and out of the towns in the valley. Huts were built and food served to care for the miners encamped on Bull Hill and throughout the region.
Talks between the miners and the mine owners led to an agreement on June 4. But by this time, the mine owners had paid the local sheriff to raise another 1,200 deputies. Governor Waite declared the force of deputies to be illegal and disbanded, but the sheriff said he could no longer control the men. Waite ordered that the state militia restore order in the region.
Johnson's preparations averted disaster again. On the morning of June 5, the force of ex-deputies attempted to charge the miners on Bull Hill. Johnson's pickets alerted the miners encampment, allowing them to sound the Victor Mine's steam whistle. The alarm brought the state militia to the hill in time to intercept the men and stop their advance.
Johnson's role in suppressing violence on the evening of May 25, 1894, is difficult to overestimate. But some scholars argue that Johnson saved the strike:
Governor Waite, a Populist, was sympathetic to the miners' cause. But public opinion blamed the union for the violence at Cripple Creek. Had warfare between the miners and deputies broken out, Waite would have been forced to break the strike and the outcome of the Cripple Creek job action would have been dramatically different.
Later life.
Junius J. Johnson left Colorado after the Cripple Creek strike to avoid arrest. He need not have done so: Mass arrests of miners did occur, but only four strikers were ever tried and all were pardoned.
Johnson settled in Little Rock, Arkansas. When the Spanish-American War broke out in 1898, he was appointed a colonel of an Arkansas regiment. He died as his troops made the journey to the port of embarkation.

</doc>
<doc id="5907358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907358" title="WMOW">
WMOW

WMOW is the CW-affiliated television station for North-Central Wisconsin's Northern Highland that is licensed to Crandon. It broadcasts a 720p high definition digital signal on VHF channel 12 (or virtual channel 4.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter just east of downtown. Owned by Quincy Newspapers, the station can also be seen on Charter channel 8 and in HD on digital channel 610. Although WMOW technically operates as a full-time satellite of ABC affiliate WAOW in Wausau, the big three network is actually seen on a second digital subchannel of WMOW. Therefore, this essentially makes the main channel a straight satellite of CW affiliate WAOW-DT2 (through the CW Plus national service). Besides the transmitter, this outlet does not maintain any physical presence locally in Crandon. Master control and all internal operations originate from WAOW's studios on Grand Avenue/U.S. 51 in Wausau. 
History.
Founded December 4, 1998, the station first signed-on February 9, 2001 as WBIJ. It was a FamilyNet affiliate owned by Dennis Selenka. The station aired an analog signal on VHF channel 4. Since WBIJ was granted its construction permit after the finalization of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) digital television allotment plan on April 21, 1997, it did not receive a companion digital channel. After Dennis Selenka's death on September 30, 2008, Quincy purchased WBIJ from his widow for $1.5 million on February 13, 2009. 
The company announced its intention to run WBIJ as a second satellite station of WAOW to serve the northeast portion of the Wausau market in a similar capacity that WYOW does for the extreme northern part of the market. In the meantime, WBIJ signed-off on June 12 at the end of the digital transition for full-service stations as it did not yet have digital facilities ready. 
Quincy brought the station back on-the-air as WMOW on June 4, 2010. This station operates its digital signal on VHF channel 12 which was the former analog home of NBC affiliate WJFW-TV. ABC network programming on WMOW-DT2, as provided through WAOW, can also be seen on Charter channel 6 and in high definition on digital channel 609. This TV on WMOW-DT3 is also offered on Charter digital channel 966. Syndicated programming on WMOW-DT2 (via WAOW) includes "Live! with Kelly and Michael", "Rachael Ray", "The Dr. Oz Show", and "Entertainment Tonight" among others.
Newscasts.
Like all CW Plus stations in the Central Time Zone, WMOW airs the nationally syndicated morning show "The Daily Buzz" on weekdays from 6 until 8. Unlike most ABC affiliates, it does not offer midday news during the week. On June 19, 2011, WAOW (and in turn WMOW-DT2) became the market's second television outlet to upgrade local news to high definition. Included in the change was a redesigned set and updated graphics scheme. 
Anchors
Storm Track 9 Weather
Sports
Multimedia journalists

</doc>
<doc id="5907371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907371" title="Damon and Naomi">
Damon and Naomi

Damon & Naomi are an American dream pop/folk-rock duo formed in 1991 by Damon Krukowski and Naomi Yang, formerly of Galaxie 500.
History.
After Galaxie 500 completed a tour of the US supporting The Cocteau Twins, guitarist and vocalist Dean Wareham quit the band, forcing the cancellation of an imminent Japanese tour. Damon and Naomi had recorded a few tracks before the split, and these were released under the name Pierre Etoile by Rough Trade (UK) in July 1991. The duo then spent time working on their book publishing company Exact Change, with no plans to return to recording, until producer Mark Kramer urged them back into the studio. The resulting album, "More Sad Hits" was released on Kramer's "Shimmy Disc" label in 1992.
Following the release of "More Sad Hits", Damon and Naomi were contacted by Kate Biggar and Wayne Rogers, whose band, Crystalized Movements, had recently lost its rhythm section. The two couples teamed up to form the psychedelic rock band Magic Hour, and released three albums between 1993 and 1996. At the same time, Damon and Naomi continued to record as a duo, releasing their second album, "The Wondrous World of Damon and Naomi" on Sub Pop in 1995. The album was again produced by Kramer, however there was controversy as Kramer's production recreated the psychedelic leanings of the band's debut rather than the acoustic approach the band now preferred. Kramer initially refused to make changes, and although he eventually relented, he refused to return the original masters, claiming that they were destroyed. In 2013 that initial mix (including a heretofore unreleased track) was released as "The Wondrous World of Damon and Naomi, Bootleg Edition" on the band's on 20/20/20 label in celebration of Record Store Day.
After the release of their second album, Damon & Naomi finally decided that they were ready to return to live performance. In a 1998 interview, Krukowski said "We never thought we would perform because there's no rhythm section, and us being a former rhythm section, we thought there's nothing worse than a band without a rhythm section."
Their third album, "Playback Singers", in 1998 was recorded at their home studio (Kali Studios) in Cambridge, MA, and was their first album recorded without the assistance of Kramer. The album included the song "Awake in a Muddle", written by Masaki Batoh of the psychedelic rock band Ghost, which marked the beginning of the ongoing relationship between the duo and the Japanese band. The album also included a cover of the Tom Rapp (Pearls Before Swine) song "Translucent Carriages", which the duo had performed with Rapp when he came out of retirement for the first Terrastock music festival in 1997. Krukowski produced re-recordings of two Pearls Before Swine tracks that appeared on the compilation album "Constructive Melancholy" that was released in 1998. He also produced Rapp's 1999 album "A Journal of the Plague Year", on which both Damon and Naomi appeared as musicians.
In 2000, they cemented the relationship with Ghost by releasing the collaborative album "Damon & Naomi with Ghost", recorded once again at the duo's Kali studios. The tour in support of the album featured Ghost guitarist Michio Kurihara. In 2002, the "Live in San Sebastian" album was released, which had been recorded in May 2001 with Kurihara; the album was released with an additional DVD featuring a video tour diary by Yang.
During 2004, Damon had a book of poetry published ("The Memory Theater Burned") and the duo also worked on pulling together a double DVD of Galaxie 500 videos that was released by Plexifilm. On Valentine's Day 2005, Damon & Naomi's fifth studio album, "The Earth Is Blue", was released on their own |20|20|20 label, the duo having amicably terminated their relationship with Sub Pop. The album again featured Kurihara on guitar as well as the avant-garde brass section of Greg Kelley and Bhob Rainey of Nmperign. The supporting tour featured all the guest musicians and one of the Japanese dates of the tour was videotaped and released as a limited-edition DVD at the end of 2005.
In 2006, Damon & Naomi set about recording their next album at Kali Studios, once again with Kurihara guesting. In 2007, they did a Take-Away Show acoustic video session shot by Vincent Moon. The band's sixth studio album "Within These Walls" was released in September 2007, also on their own |20|20|20 label. 
Damon & Naomi released their seventh studio album "False Beats and True Hearts" on May 9, 2011, once again on their |20|20|20 label and on Broken Horse (UK & Europe).

</doc>
<doc id="5907381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907381" title="Into Darkness (Winter album)">
Into Darkness (Winter album)

Into Darkness is the first and only full-length album of American doom metal band Winter. The album was released in 1990 by Future Shock Records. It was later re-issued by Nuclear Blast as a digipak with an altered front cover and the "Eternal Frost" EP as bonus tracks. The album was re-released again, with no bonus tracks, by Southern Lord on April 12, 2011, on black and white vinyl as a gate fold LP with booklet.
July 8th, 2013: The Village Voice blogger Jason Roche lists Into Darkness as #14 in the top 20 hardcore & metal albums to come out of NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="5907384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907384" title="Billoo">
Billoo

Billoo (Hindi: बिल्लू) is a popular Indian comic character created by Pran Kumar Sharma. It is published by Diamond Comics. The character was created in 1973.
Much like the American comic book character Archie, Billoo is fun loving, likeable by girls although not so "Casanova friendly" as Archie is and loves to play cricket. No one has ever seen Billoo's eyes due to hair covering it and his forehead.
Billoo has a pet pup called "Moti". His gang includes Gabdu, Jozi, Monu, Bishamber among others. His bête noire is Bajarangi, a wrestler and Dhakkan, Bajarangi's aide. Jozi's dad Colonel Three Naught Three also dislikes Billoo. 
In 1973, cartoonist Pran was looking for a school going teenage boy who could feature in the comic strips. Thus he created a boy with a long hair covering his eyes and named him BILLOO. This lanky was liked by the readers so much that the editor of the magazine asked the cartoonist to increase the episodes from one page to two. Billoo is seen roaming the streets with his pet pup - Moti. When he is at home, he is stuck to the TV. Billoo and his gang which includes Gabdu, Jozi, Mono, Bishamber etc.; are at loggerheads with Bajarangi, the wrestler and his aide Dhakkan. They are always in search of some excuse to showdown each other. Jozi is friendly to Billoo, but her dad Colonel Three - not - Three does not like the boy and always points his gun at him. 
Billoo and his friends are often seen playing cricket in lanes of the neighborhood, while smashing a few windows of his neighbours (especially Bajarangi's windows.)

</doc>
<doc id="5907394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907394" title="Against Meidias">
Against Meidias

Against Meidias () is one of the most famous judicial orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes.
Historical background.
Meidias, a wealthy Athenian, publicly slapped Demosthenes, who was at the time a choregos at the Greater Dionysia. Meidias was a friend of Eubulus and supporter of the unsuccessful excursion in Euboea. He also was an old enemy of the orator, forcibly entering Demosthenes' house along with his brother Thrasylochus in 361 BC, in order to take possession of it.
The oration.
Demosthenes made no resistance to Meidias' violation of the place and occasion, but after the festival, when a special meeting of the Assembly, he entered a complaint against Meidias. The orator wrote the judicial speech "Against Meidias", but he probably never pronounced it. He retired his accusation probably for political reasons although Aeschines maintained that Demosthenes received money to drop the case.
"Against Meidias" is regarded as one of the most intriguing forensic speeches to survive. It gives valuable information about Athenian law and festivals, and especially about the Greek concept of hubris (aggravated assault), which was regarded as a crime not only against the citizen or city but against society as a whole. As Galen O. Rowe points out, "the single most important recurrence in the speech is the root of hubris in its various grammatical forms and parts of speech. In fact hubris, to use the noun for every manifestation of the root, occurs in the speech 131 times, as opposed to 274 times in the entire Demosthenic corpus and 170 times in all the other Greek orators". This speech also gives valuable information about Athenian law. The orator underscores that a democratic state perishes, if the law is undermined by wealthy and unscrupulous men, and asserts that the citizens acquire power and authority in all state-affairs due "to the strength of the laws".
J. H. Vince asserts that the speech is indisputably authentic, but it seems improbable that it was published by Demosthenes himself. According to the same scholar, "the speech is notable as being the earliest in which the Demosthenic note of δεινότης (terrible earnestness) is heard, but it leaves an unpleasant impression. In the pathetic passages we remember the trivial occasion of the action, nor can the victim's indignation hide the fact that he accepted a compromise".

</doc>
<doc id="5907396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907396" title="Loukas Mavrokefalidis">
Loukas Mavrokefalidis

Loukas Mavrokefalidis (alternate spelling: Mavrokefalides) (Greek: Λουκάς Μαυροκεφαλίδης; born July 25, 1984) is a Greek professional basketball player for Panathinaikos of the Greek Basket League. He was selected by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 2nd round (57th overall) of the 2006 NBA Draft. 
Professional career.
Born in Jeseník, Czechoslovakia, Mavrokefalidis started his professional career at PAOK, moving to Thessaloniki from Kilkis, where his parents come from. From the first days of his professional career, PAOK coach Bane Preljević took advantage of his height and decided to play him at the center position which, as it was proved later in his career, fit him very well.
A 2.10 m (6 ft 10¾ in) power forward-center, Mavrokefalidis played for PAOK in the Greek Basket League during the Greek League 2005-06 season, averaging 16.7 points and 8.4 rebounds per game. He played in the Greek All-Star Game and he won the Greek League's Most Improved Player Award that year. After many months of hard work, Mavrokefalidis was almost always a member of the starting five in PAOK, creating havoc to the opposition's defense with his ability to get to the rim and make easy buckets or exciting dunks. He also became a defensive force, chasing down rebounds relentlessly, something that can be shown by the 8.4 rebounds per game that he averaged during the 2005-06 season. 
During the summer of 2006, Mavrokefalidis was signed by Virtus Roma of the Italian League, but he was not established as a key member of the team, averaging just 2 points and 1 rebound per game. In February 2007, he was traded from Roma to Pamesa Valencia of the Spanish ACB League in exchange for Roberto Chiacig and Jon Stefánsson. On July 12, 2007, Mavrokefalidis joined Olympiacos. In 2008, Mavrokefalidis moved to Maroussi. In 2009, he re-signed with Olympiacos through the 2010-11 season. 
In 2011, Mavrokefalidis was signed by the Russian League club Spartak Saint Petersburg to a 2-year contract worth €2.4 million euros net income. He was named to the All-Eurocup Second Team in 2013. He signed with the Spanish League club FC Barcelona in May 2013. 
On 10 July 2013, even though the Greek media were saying that Mavrokefalidis was very close to signing with Olympiacos, he was announced as a signing of Panathinaikos.
Greek national team.
Mavrokefalidis helped Greece win the bronze medal at the 2003 FIBA Under-19 World Championship. He also played at the 2004 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. In 2005, Mavrokefalidis' contribution during the FIBA Under-21 World Championship was very significant, as Mavrokefalidis greatly helped the Under-21 Greek National Basketball Team win the silver medal, after losing to Lithuania by just two points in the gold medal game.
A year later, in 2006, the senior men's Greek national basketball team coach Panagiotis Giannakis became impressed by the young center's abilities and called him to participate in the Greek basketball senior men's training camp, one month before the 2006 FIBA World Championship took place in Japan. However, as he was selected in the 2006 NBA Draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves, Mavrokefalidis informed the coach shortly before the outset of the World Championship that he decided to go back to Minnesota and participate in performance improvement training camps, and thus he lost the team's 12th man roster place to Sofoklis Schortsanitis.
In 2011, Mavrokefalidis was given a 2-month suspension from all competitions by the Greek Basketball Federation, for refusing to play for Greece's national team for the second consecutive summer. However, 2 years later, he played with Greece's senior men's national team at the FIBA EuroBasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5907399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907399" title="Blahzay Blahzay">
Blahzay Blahzay

Blahzay Blahzay was an East Coast hip hop group from Brooklyn, New York, consisting of DJ P.F. Cuttin' and rapper Outloud. The group released only one album, 1996's "Blah Blah Blah". The album containes the group's most successful single, "Danger", which peaked at #46 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="5907403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907403" title="Costa Mesa High School">
Costa Mesa High School

Costa Mesa High School, otherwise known as CMHS or "Mesa," is a public high school for grades 7 through 12 located in Costa Mesa, California. It is part of the Newport Mesa Unified School District and is located at 2650 Fairview Road. The school's rival is Estancia High School. Their colors are green, white and black. 
Student activities.
Each year the rival football teams from Costa Mesa High School and Estancia High School play each other in a game known as the Battle of the Bell.
Swimming.
From 2001 to present Mesa has been a small school power house in Orange County. From 2001 to 2005 the team was awarded the CIF Academic Award for Excellence. After three undefeated Golden West League Championships the 2005 Men's swim team placed 4th in CIF Division III with only four team members in the finals. The team of Adam Douglas, Evan Spencer, Kyle Thorsness and James Fowler won the CIF Championship in the 4 x 100 Freestyle Relay. Douglas, Thorsness and Spencer each recorded points in their non relay events to increase Mesa's point totals. They were the smallest represented swim team with a top five finish in the last 30 years. Spencer went on to University of the Pacific (Pacific) 2005 (Swimming & Water Polo).Mesa has had both male and females advance to CIF every year from 2001 to 2010. The new state of the art 6 million dollar aquatic complex was completed and opened in 2010. CMAC (Costa Mesa Aquatics Club) was formed for youth ages 5–14 for Club Water Polo and Swim in 2010 in the new Aquatics Complex.
Drama.
CMHS has a very notable Drama Club. Awarded numerous Cappie Nominations.
M.E.S.A..
Math Engineering Science Achievement (M.E.S.A.) is an engineering program throughout California and eight other states. In 2003 Costa Mesa High School was the first student team to place first overall in the JPL Invention Challenge, beating the engineers from NASA in an aerodynamic competition on the 100th anniversary of the Wright Brothers' famous flight. The Costa Mesa High School team was the first M.E.S.A. team to compete at the state and the national level from the Cal State Fullerton Center. In 2007 Costa Mesa won the California State Championship and placed third in the Nationals. The 2008 M.E.S.A. team again swept the state level competition and placed 3rd overall with two individual first place finishes in the National M.E.S.A. Engineering Design Competition in Maryland on June 19. The 2008 team consisted of Raymond Lumantas, Alex Krochman, Cory Kiefer, and Dante Flores (in order of age, ascending). They set an all-time state record of shooting 27 meters with their trebuchet. Steve Nelson was the M.E.S.A. Advisor. M.E.S.A. is looking forward to further state support as the state looks to bolster its math and science programs.
Water Polo.
The Costa Mesa High School Water Polo team had an impressive decade of dominance from 1986 to 1996. They were league champions and held numerous CIF titles.
Choir.
The Costa Mesa High School choir department is divided into five different choirs: Girls Chorus, Boys Chorus, Concert Choir, Vocal Ensemble, and the Madrigal Choir.
Girls chorus consists of 7th and 8th grade girls. Boys Chorus is made up of 7th and 8th grade boys. Concert Choir is made up of 8th grade - 12th grade boys and girls, is an audition choir for 8th graders, and is an elective for 9th-12th graders. Vocal Ensemble is an audition choir for 9th- 12 grade girls. The most advanced choir is Madrigal Choir and is an audition-only 9th-12th grade boys and girls choir. The Madrigal Choir, commonly known as "Mads," is very selective and there is an equal number of boys and girls members. Currently all the choirs are under the direction of Jon Lindfors, who can often be seen drinking coffee in the Baker Street branch of Starbucks. In 2007, the Madrigal choir performed in "Carnegie Hall" under the conducting of John Rutter along with a few other selected choirs. In the previous years the Madrigal Choir also performed with American Idol finalist, "Clay Aiken".
Cross country.
One of Mesa's premier cross country coaches was the legendary Joe Fisher. During his tenure (1969–1980), Fisher not only managed to maintain a Varsity league dual meet winning streak spanning a decade, but in 1976 his team won their first Boys (Varsity) California Southern Section CIF 3A Cross Country Championship. Under Coach Fisher, the Costa Mesa High School Boys cross country teams also won the Orange County Championship Invitational six times. This is the record for Orange County Championship wins in the history of the Varsity division. While still at CMHS, Fisher was voted California High School Boys Cross Country Coach of the Year in 1979. After establishing a successful program at the prep level, Fisher left Costa Mesa and coached cross country/track at the college level until 1999. In 2002, Coach Joe Fisher was inducted into The Daily Pilot Sports Hall of Fame.
The 1976 Costa Mesa Boys (Varsity) Cross Country team (2-mile) was ranked No. 1 in the state of California & 4th in the United States. Coach Joe Fisher's 1976 team; Joe Young, Bill Kolar, John Gerhardt, Brian Thompson, Alan Overholt, Scott Scheid, Dave Sprague. Prep rankings in 1976 were published in The Harrier Magazine
The 1980 Costa Mesa Boys (Varsity) Cross Country team (3.0 mi.) was ranked No. 1 in the State of California & 6th in the United States. Coach Joe Fisher's 1980 team; Scott Lacrosse, Mark Howard, Victor Herrera, Jon Crackel, Robby Kuehne, Mike Kleck, Ken Levy, Darrell Walker.
Cheerleading.
The 2007-2008 cheer squads won numerous awards based on their outstanding community involvement and philanthropic activities. They represented Costa Mesa High School at events like: the OC Fair, Susan G. Komen for the cure events, Relay for Life, City of Costa Mesa events, CHOC Walk, Collected items for wildfire victims, performed in a fashion show to benefit Olive Crest Charities and continued to cheer for all athletic teams at the school while maintaining an impressive 3.3 collective GPA. They won: The Presidential Volunteer Service Award, The NMUSD outstanding program award, The Volunteer recognition award from the Costa Mesa City Council, A certificate of Recognition Award from the California State Legislature, a top 10 finalist in the American School Spirit Awards and a judges favorite and they were the featured cheer squad on Varsity.com for the Month of December 2007. They also had several featured articles in the local newspapers.no
The 2008-2009 squad continued the winning streak and were featured in several newspapers and magazines. The began to compete this year and won grand master champions as well as a bid to nationals.
The 2009-2010 squad won many more honors and were featured in several articles in leading cheer publications and a 4 page spread as squad of the month in the April 2010 issue of American Cheerleader Magazine. The squad was also featured on national TV in an episode of ABCs Nightline and international TV in 60 minutes Australia. 
Won the American School Spirit Award for the 2009-2010 year, and accepted the award in Florida in February 2010 naming them the top cheer program in the nation. This year their coach was also named cheer coach of the year for the state of California,
Nominated for the top youth group for the National Philanthropy Day award.
CMHS cheer continued with their honors and Awards winning Co-Ed Large Varsity division champions and placing 2nd in the CIF state championships in 2010 and receiving a bid to nationals in Florida for UCA. They also were honored with the Volunteer Group of the Year for Susan G Komen OC. IN 2011 the CMHS cheerleaders were featured in the Public Service Campaign for National School Spirit Day with reality star Kendall Jenner. They made several appearances on national TV including Extra! and E! news. They also went on to compete at the National High School Cheerleading Championships in Orlando Florida and placed 13th in the Nation in 2012.
Their coach, Kori Johnson was named 2010 Cheer coach of the year for the state of California. She also won the cheer coach of the Year, community award in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5907414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907414" title="Jonathan Dolan">
Jonathan Dolan

Jonathan 'Jon' Dolan (born March 16, 1967) is a former Missouri legislator having served in the Missouri Senate from 2003 to 2005 and in the Missouri House of Representatives from 1997 to 2003. 
Dolan was raised in Pearl River, NY, a suburb of New York City. In 1983, he moved with his family to Lake St. Louis, MO. A 1985 graduate of St. Dominic High School in O'Fallon, MO, he attended the University of Missouri at Columbia where he was commissioned a U.S. Army Reserve Officer in May 1988 and received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science with a Minor in Military Science in December 1988. He received his Master of Arts in Security Management from Webster University in St. Louis, MO in 1995. 
His early career comprises nine years in the security management field. First, in retail security management, then as a Special Agent in the Office of Security at the Central Intelligence Agency and later working in the private sector as a security systems sales and design consultant. Dolan’s military training includes the Military Police Captain's Career Course, the Public Affairs Officer Course and the US Army Airborne School. 
Elected to 13th District of the Missouri House of Representatives in 1996, 1998, 2000, he served three terms and was elected to the Second District of the Missouri Senate in 2002 representing West St. Charles and Lincoln County. He served as the Majority Caucus Chairman and was Chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee where he led the effort to improve the safety and accountability of Missouri’s statewide transportation system. Dolan was involved in a variety of issues such as highway safety and reform initiatives, veteran’s affairs, health care, criminal law and debate and passage of the Missouri Military Funeral Honors program (1998), the Nursing Home Reform Act (2003) and a resolution supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom (2003).
On September 11, 2003, the Missouri Senate was set to attempt an override of Governor Bob Holden’s veto on the law establishing the right to carry a concealed weapon following similar action by two thirds of the Missouri House of Representatives the previous day. Dolan, now a Major in the Missouri Army National Guard, was on active duty at the time in support of Operation Enduring Freedom as Commander of the 70th Mobile Public Affairs Detachment assigned Joint Task Force GTMO, Guantanamo Bay Cuba. He returned unexpectedly to the capitol on an Army approved leave and cast the deciding votes allowing the override. 
In November of 2005, Dolan was hired as Executive Director of the Missouri Health Care Association. MHCA is a statewide trade association and affiliate of the American Health Care Association (AHCA) representing many of Missouri’s nursing homes and assisted living facilities. Over his tenure, the association maintained and improved its affiliation with AHCA, increased membership, expanded contract programs and secured eight Medicaid Rate increases for Skilled Nursing Facilities as well as other budget, policy and regulatory initiatives. 
In September of 2013, Dolan became the Principal of HealthCare Advantage, LLC a Missouri based healthcare consulting and lobbying firm. He resides in Jefferson City with his wife Leanne, daughter Hannah and son Jonathan. 
References.
State of Missouri website, Missouri Senate Website, State of Missouri Legislative Bill Tracking System, news clippings from AP, Missouri Digital News, St. Louis Post Dispatch, Missouri Times.

</doc>
<doc id="5907418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907418" title="Archibald Paris">
Archibald Paris

Brigadier Archibald Charles Melvill Paris DSO MC (1892–1942) was a British Army officer.
He was the son of Major-General Archibald Paris, KCB a Royal Marines officer who commanded the 63rd (Royal Navy) Division during the First World War, and of Lady Paris (née Melvill).
Paris passed out of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in 1909. He married Ruth Norton. He served in the First World War, and was awarded the Military Cross (MC) in 1917.
Although he is better known for having died during the events that followed the sinking of the Dutch ship "Rooseboom" off Sumatra in 1942, he was also one of the few British commanders that put up a good fight against the Japanese during the Battle of Malaya and the subsequent fall of Singapore.
Battle of Malaya.
In December 1941, Paris was in command of the Indian 12th Infantry Brigade, part of the Singapore Garrison. When the battle started in Northern Malaya, Paris's 12th Brigade was sent to protect the retreat of the Indian 11th Infantry Division, which it did successfully, to the extent that it surprised the Japanese, inflicting high casualties on some of their more overconfident units.
When Lieutenant-General Arthur Percival sacked Major-General David Murray-Lyon from command of the 11th Indian Division, Paris was given temporary command, until the disastrous Battle of Slim River, when Major-General Billy Key took over and Paris resumed command of the 12th Brigade. Paris commanded the 12th Brigade throughout the retreat down Malaya and the subsequent battles on Singapore.
"Rooseboom".
With Singapore about to surrender in February 1942, Percival attempted to save personnel who were successful at fighting the Japanese and Paris was one of the chosen. He escaped aboard the Dutch ship "Rooseboom", which was sunk off Sumatra. Although he survived the sinking along with about 80 other passengers in one lifeboat, he did not survive the shocking 28-day ordeal of drifting 100 miles. There were only five survivors.
This account of the struggle for survival after the sinking of the Rooseboom was based on survivor and Argyll and Sutherland Highlander Walter Gibson's book "The Boat":

</doc>
<doc id="5907420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907420" title="Andrew Lancel">
Andrew Lancel

Andrew Lancel (born Andrew Watkinson on 3 August 1970) is an award winning English actor, producer and director. He is best known for his appearance as Frank Foster in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", and in his role as DI Neil Manson in "The Bill" as well as Barry Pearce the abusive partner of long running character Di Barker in Series 4 of Bad Girls.
Biography.
Andrew Lancel was born on 3 August 1970 in Rufford, Lancashire. He started his acting career in local theatre and as a cabaret singer. He gained fame as the lead role in the ground breaking medical series "Cardiac Arrest" with Helen Baxendale. Since then he has become a well established theatre and television actor with a reputation for seeking controversial roles and projects. He was described as the most realistic doctor on TV and sporadically was TV's most hated man, after roles in "City Central", "Bad Girls" and "Queer as Folk". 
On 30 November 2012 Merseyside Police stated Andrew Lancel had been charged with five counts of historical child sex offences. On 10 June 2013, after only 29 minutes of deliberation, a jury found him not guilty.
An accomplished singer for many years, Lancel has also performed his own one man show and has sung in venues including the Sands in Blackpool and the Royal Albert Hall in London.
In addition to acting, Lancel runs his own production company and has produced and directed numerous productions.
Lancel is an avid supporter of Everton F.C..
Career.
In 1993 he appeared in the film "Wide-Eyed and Legless" with Julie Walters and Jim Broadbent. Following his breakout role in "Cardiac Arrest" Lancel appeared in numerous TV series as diverse as Liverpool 1, The Vice, Urban Gothic and Merseybeat and portrayed highly controversial roles in the shows City Central, Queer As Folk and Bad Girls. In 2003, Andrew joined "The Bill" as DI Neil Manson and played the character until the series ended. His most notable and memorable storyline was the 13-month long Amy Tennant missing person case, concerning a young child who mysteriously vanished. This was also the longest storyline ever attempted in the history of "The Bill".
In 2005, he entered "Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes" as A-ha singer Morten Harket and won.
In 2008 Lancel became a patron of the Unity Theatre, Liverpool.
In summer 2010 he played a prison officer in a short film called "Inside Run", directed by his former "The Bill" co-star Sam Callis which was shown at the BFI London Film Festival in October 2010. Of the film, Lancel said "it’s a long way from Manson and a joy to be directed by Sam."
On 23 November 2010 Lancel was cast in the long running ITV1 soap opera "Coronation Street" as Frank Foster, a business associate of Carla Connor. Another controversial role, Lancel's portrayal won him 'Villain of the Year' at the British Soap Awards in 2012. The role ended 5 March 2012 when the character was found murdered.
In 2012 Lancel was cast as former Beatles manager Brian Epstein in "Epstein - The Man Who Made the Beatles" a new play by Andrew Sherlock which debuted at the "Epstein Theatre" in Liverpool on 15 November 2012. The newly refurbished theatre being named in honour of Brian Epstein. This two-hander play charts Brian Epstein’s adult life and illustrious career from his drama school days to managing the world’s biggest pop group. The play, and Lancel's performance as Epstein drew huge critical acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="5907421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907421" title="Texas Enterprise Fund">
Texas Enterprise Fund

The Texas Enterprise Fund is a business incentive fund that was created by legislation in 2003. The fund, which had an initial $295 million investment, is used for ensuring the growth of business in Texas. One of Texas’ most competitive recruitment tools, these funds are used primarily to attract new business to the state or assist with the substantial expansion of an existing business as part of a competitive recruitment situation. Sources indicate that since 2003 the Fund has yielded up to $6.3 billion in capital investment in Texas by out-of-state companies [http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:FeSEKQntB_MJ:www.offthekuff.com/mt/archives/004974.html+texas+enterprise+fund+return&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=3&gl=us].
In 2004, authorization was given for the fund to grant $20 million to Countrywide Financial in return for a promise "to create 7,500 new jobs in the state by 2010." The grant (all of which are approved by the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor and Speaker of the House) is one of the largest made from the fund in terms of the size and the number of jobs promised. In the fall of 2007, while slashing jobs and with its stock price plummeting, Countrywide was eventually acquired in a fire sale by Bank of America. But thanks to the "claw-back" provisions in the program, grantees return all funds to the state for jobs not created.
In 2012, it was announced that Apple would be adding a new campus in Austin, creating 3,600 new jobs. The Fund would be investing $21 million over ten years.[http://governor.state.tx.us/news/press-release/17021/]

</doc>
<doc id="5907425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907425" title="Dominika Červenková">
Dominika Červenková

Dominika Červenková (born May 18, 1988 in České Budějovice) is a rhythmic gymnast from Czech Republic, who participated in 2004 Athens Olympic Games.
Biography.
Červenková started gymnastics at the age of four. Since her earliest years she has made a great impression on the Czech rhythmic gymnastics, which had failed to qualify at least one other athlete for the 2000 Olympics.
Under the guidance of coach Ivana Pokorná, she joined the senior national team in 2003. She finished second all-around in the national championships to Kateřina Kopáčová and won her first senior title with ball. She however beat the Czech number one in the Budapest World Championships that served as the qualification event for the 2004 Olympics. Červenková finished 18th in the qualification round and slipped down to 25th in the final all-around, but it was enough to secure the Czech Republic one Olympic spot.
In 2004 Červenková won her first all-around national title and confirmed herself as the third gymnast to represent the Czech Republic (first one since Lenka Oulehlová and Andrea Šebestová finished 22nd and 28th respectively in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta). Being only 16 years old, Červenková was the youngest member of the Czech Olympic team for Athens, as well as the tiniest one (only 1.60m tall). Struggling with her last hoop routine she finished 20th in the all-around qualification, but was warmly applauded by the audience.
In Baku, Červenková competed again in the world championships in 2005, 16th all-around final. She also took participation in the 2005 World Games in Duisburg, the individual apparatus substitute event to the Olympic Games recording the best result of ninth place with ribbon, only 0.05 pts out of final.
In 2006, Červenková had planned to take full advantage of her past results, particularly in the European Championships, though due to injury, had to withdraw from a large part of the season in favour of intensive rehabilitation. She thus missed the major part of the season, including the Europeans. In January 2007 the Czech Rhythmic Gymnastics Union board decided to discard Červenková from the national team following advice from the sport-medicine consultants.
Červenková is known for her tender and dynamic routines, nice body lines and appropriate flexibility balance, but she lacks the courage to risk and sometimes makes major mistakes. Fans love her for her charming and friendly character and smile.
Right now she still competing, but only in national competitions.
Trivia.
Anna Bessonova of Ukraine is her favorite gymnast while javelin thrower and three-time Olympic champion Jan Železný is her favorite non-gymnastics athlete.

</doc>
<doc id="5907429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907429" title="Eduard Castle">
Eduard Castle

Eduard Friedrich Ferdinand Castle (November 7, 1875, Vienna - June 8, 1959, Vienna) was an Austrian-German Germanist and literary historian ("Literatur- & Theaterwissenschaftler").
He participated in the establishment of the Wiener Volkskonservatorium.
He taught as a professor at Vienna University (1945-).

</doc>
<doc id="5907440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907440" title="Salamanca (Madrid)">
Salamanca (Madrid)

Salamanca is one of the 21 districts that form the city of Madrid, Spain. Salamanca is located to the northeast of the historical center of Madrid.
Geography.
Overview.
The limits of Salamanca district are defined by the Paseo de Recoletos and the Paseo de la Castellana to the west, the Calle de Alcalá and Calle O'Donnell to the south, the Avenida de la Paz (M-30) to the east and María de Molina Street and Avenida de América to the north. It covers an area of 540.742 hectares.
Subdivision.
The district is administratively divided into 7 wards ("Barrios"):
History.
The population of Madrid at the beginning of the 19th century was about 220.000, increasing to 300.000 inhabitants in the late 1850s. However, the city was still enclosed within the defensive wall built in 1625 by king Philip IV of Spain, which blocked the city growth. In 1857, government allowed the then Minister of Public Works and Transportation Claudio Moyano to expand the city (Plan Castro). Queen Isabella II allowed so in 1860 and the defensive walls were torn down in order to build the first Madrilian ensanche. Don José de Salamanca y Mayol, Marquis of Salamanca, gave his name to the area because of his involvement in the project. It was completely urbanized by 1927.
Since then, the Salamanca district has been one of the most representative areas for bourgeois "madrileños". Salamanca is in the outer area of the "Rondas", where the neighborhoods of Guindalera and Fuente del Berro originated with more spontaneous urban development. "Marqués de Salamanca" Square separates the wealthy area from the more popular parts of the district. Nowadays, the Salamanca district is one of the wealthiest areas in Madrid and some of its streets, such as "Goya" or "Serrano" are part of the most expensive streets in Spain.
Politics.
The district of "Salamanca" had more than 72% of its votes given to the People's Party (conservative) in the Spanish regional elections of 2007 as well as in 2003 in both elections being the candidates to the City Hall and the Autonomous Community Alberto Ruiz Gallardón and Esperanza Aguirre respectively (both currently in office). The district has also voted strongly in favor of the People's Party in all the recent spanish general elections as well as the European Parliament elections in 2009 and before.
Demographics.
"Salamanca" has about 150,775 inhabitants in 58.742 houses, with a density of 279 people per hectare.
Economy.
"Salamanca" is well known for being one of the wealthiest and expensive areas in Madrid, with a high living cost and one of the highest real estate prices in the city. Serrano street is listed as the third most expensive street in Spain (with Preciados street, also in Madrid the first) according to Cushman & Wakefield.
A significant number of diplomatic missions are set in "Salamanca" district, such as the Switzerland embassy at Nuñez de Balboa with Goya street, the French embassy at Villalar Street, the United States embassy at 74 Serrano street, or the Italian embassy in Juan Bravo Street.
Salamanca is also home to the IE Business School (previously Instituto de Empresa) which is ranked among the top 10 business schools in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5907441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907441" title="Craig Billington">
Craig Billington

Craig Richard Billington (born September 11, 1966) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played with several teams in a 15 year National Hockey League career and currently serves as the Vice President of Player Development for the Colorado Avalanche. He operated a successful goaltending school in London and Gravenhurst, Ontario for 23 years.
Playing career.
Craig played for the Stoneybrook Minor Hockey System in London, Ontario. He played High School hockey at A.B. Lucus SS. He played Junior B hockey for the London Chester Pegg Diamonds in the Western Junior B. OHA. Drafted by the Belleville Bulls on the OHL in 1983.
Drafted in 1984 by the New Jersey Devils, Billington also later played with the Ottawa Senators, Boston Bruins, Colorado Avalanche, and Washington Capitals. He played the majority of his NHL career as a backup goalie, playing in at least half of the games in a season only twice. He played 42 games with the Devils during the 1992–1993 season, splitting time with Chris Terreri, and 63 games with the Ottawa Senators the following season, posting an 11–41–4 record with a 4.59 GAA. After 15 years in the NHL Billington retired after the 2002–03 season.
Upon his retirement, Billington joined the Colorado Avalanche's front office staff.

</doc>
<doc id="5907453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907453" title="Minnesota Territorial Prison">
Minnesota Territorial Prison

The Minnesota Territorial Prison, later known as the Minnesota State Prison, was a prison in Stillwater, Minnesota, United States, operated from 1853 to 1914. Construction of the prison began in 1851, shortly after Minnesota became a territory. The historic site, long since unused, was destroyed by arson on September 3, 2002 The prison was replaced by the Minnesota Correctional Facility – Stillwater in nearby Bayport.
The prison was well-known because it once housed the Younger Brothers (Cole, Bob, and Jim), members of notorious outlaw Jesse James' gang.
Today, the prison site has been converted to the large condominium project "Terra Springs".
Warden's House Museum.
The warden's house at 602 North Main Street was built in 1853. It housed 13 wardens of the prison until Minnesota Correctional Facility - Stillwater was built in Bayport, just south of Stillwater. After that, it continued to house deputy wardens and superintendents of the prison until the State of Minnesota sold the house to the Washington County Historical Society in 1941. The society opened it as a museum that year, as Minnesota's second historic house museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and is still in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5907463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907463" title="Foreign Relations Series">
Foreign Relations Series

The Foreign Relations of the United States (FRUS) is a book series published by the Office of the Historian in the United States Department of State. The Foreign Relations of the United States series presents the official documentary historical record of major U.S. foreign policy decisions and significant diplomatic activity. The series, which is produced by the State Department's Office of the Historian, began in 1861 and now comprises more than 450 individual volumes. The volumes published over the last two decades increasingly contain declassified records from all the foreign affairs agencies.
Foreign Relations volumes contain documents from Presidential libraries, Departments of State and Defense, National Security Council, Central Intelligence Agency, Agency for International Development, and other foreign affairs agencies as well as the private papers of individuals involved in formulating U.S. foreign policy.
Volumes in the series since 1952 are organized chronologically according to Presidential administrations, and geographically and topically within each subseries: 25 volumes cover the Kennedy administration (1961–63), 34 cover the Johnson administration (1964–68), and about 54 are scheduled for the Nixon and Ford administrations (1969-1976). Volumes on the Nixon, Ford, Carter, and Reagan administrations are now being researched, annotated, and prepared for publication.
Prior to 1970, the series was published under various names. From 1870 to 1947, the uniform title "Papers Relating to the Foreign Relations of the United States" was used. From 1947 to 1969, the name was changed to "Foreign Relations of the United States: Diplomatic Papers". After that date, the current name was adopted.
It has had numerous subseries, appendices, microfiche supplements, etc. over the years as warranted. Indexes were issued covering the years 1861–99 and 1900–18.
EBooks.
The Office of the Historian offers ebook editions of a growing number of volumes from the Foreign Relations of the United States (FRUS) series. Far lighter and more portable than printed editions of FRUS, the ebook edition offers the full content of each volume and makes use of the full-text search and other reading features of most ebook devices and applications, including bookmarking and note-taking. Unlike the web-based edition of FRUS, the ebook edition, once downloaded, can be accessed even without internet connectivity.
Citation information.
The "Foreign Relations of the United States" is commonly abbreviated as FRUS in citations and the volume number written as a Roman numeral. The series is categorized by year and region, such as 1936, Volume II, Europe.
Criticisms.
In a 2013 report on the status of the Foreign Relations series, Richard Immerman, Chairman of the Office of the Historian's Historical Advisory Council, stated that "Because the Foreign Relations series serves as the primary venue for publishing documentation on the role of intelligence activities in U.S. foreign relations, it has become renowned internationally for its openness. This universal acclaim well serves America’s national interest," but added, "This barometer of openness, however, has created substantial delays in the declassification and publication processes over which HO has limited control." Warren F. Kimball in rebuttal cited the unlikelihood of documents 30+ years old after being properly vetted prior to publication posing any risk.
Far from the acclaim being "universal", however, the series has been repeatedly criticised for failing to document controversial US foreign policies in the negative light warranted.

</doc>
<doc id="5907481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907481" title="Waxman">
Waxman

Waxman or alternately Wachsmann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5907485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907485" title="P. V. Kurian">
P. V. Kurian

P. V. Kurian (1921–1993) was an Indian revolutionary and social activist under the British Raj.
An eminent freedom fighter, Socialist thinker and activist and a close associate of Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia, Kurian came to the freedom movement by joining Congress in 1938. Later he became the joint secretary of the Travancore branch of All India Forward Bloc, founded by Subhas Chandra Bose. 
After Bose left India, Mr. Kurian joined Congress Socialist Party and became closely associated with Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia. After Lohia's death in 1967, Mr. Kurian founded Lohia Study Centre at Thiruvananthapuram, which was later renamed as Lohia Vichāra Vedi. He used to write in Socialist journals in Malayalam such as "Swathanthra Bhāratham", "Kerala Nādu", Pōrāttam, Māttam, and Samājavādi. 
A major contribution of Mr. Kurian is his voluminous book on Lohia: "Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Enna Sārvadeśeeya Viplavakari" (Malayalam), pages 2210.

</doc>
<doc id="5907487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907487" title="Doga">
Doga

Doga can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5907494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907494" title="Patriotic Alliance (Greece)">
Patriotic Alliance (Greece)

Patriotic Alliance (Greek: Πατριωτική Συμμαχία, ΠΑΤΡΙ.Σ.; πατρίς "patris" means fatherland in Greek) was a short-lived Greek nationalist political party, founded in 2004. It was a member party of the European National Front.
Organisation and activities.
On April 21, 2004, members of the organisation Golden Dawn ("Chrysi Avgi"), former members of the Popular Orthodox Rally and a few other members of minor far-right groups, announced the foundation of Patriotic Alliance. The leader of the party was Dimitrios Zaphiropoulos (a former leading member of Golden Dawn) and its deputy was Ilias Panagiotaros. Other leading members of the party were Nikolaos Michaloliakos, leader of Golden Dawn, and Spyridon Zournatzis, former member of the European Parliament and leader of the far-right National Political Union.
Patriotic Alliance received 10,618 votes (0.17% of votes cast) in the 2004 European Parliament elections. The party also participated in the 2006 Athens municipal elections on the "Athens Greek City" (Αθήνα Πόλις Ελληνική - Athina Polis Elliniki) slate, gaining 3,705 votes, 1.34% of votes cast.
The party publishes the newspaper "Eleftheros Kosmos".
Anti-fascist groups accused Patriotic Alliance for being simply the new name of the Golden Dawn party. Activities by Patriotic Alliance's members were often attributed to Golden Dawn (even by themselves).
Disbandment.
In January 2007, Patriotic Alliance ceased its political activities, after the interruption of support that accepted from the members and leadership of Golden Dawn. Golden Dawn claimed that the Patriotic Alliance began as a nationalist institution, acquired finally dome ideological content that led to gullible anachronisms that were connected with the former arrangement of the Greek military coup d'état (1967–1974). Seeing therefore that the continuation of this shaping was fruitless, they asked and they achieved the interruption of all political collaborations that led to the shaping of the term "Alliance" and finally all party's activities. The newspaper of the party, "Eleftheros Kosmos", continues to be published.

</doc>
<doc id="5907509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907509" title="Operation Hump">
Operation Hump

Operation Hump was a search and destroy operation initiated on 8 November 1965 by the 173rd Airborne Brigade, in an area about north of Bien Hoa. The 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment deployed south of the Dong Nai River while the 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry, conducted a helicopter assault on an LZ northwest of the Dong Nai and Song Be Rivers. The objective was to drive out Viet Cong fighters who had taken position in several key hills. Little contact was made through 7 November, when B and C Companies settled into a night defensive position southeast of Hill 65, a triple-canopy jungled hill.
Battle.
At about 0600 on the morning of 8 November C Company began a move northwest toward Hill 65, while B Company moved northeast toward Hill 78. Shortly before 0800, C Company was engaged by a sizeable enemy force well dug in to the southern face of Hill 65, armed with machine guns and shotguns. At 0845, B Company was directed to wheel in place and proceed toward Hill 65 with the intention of relieving C Company, often relying on their bayonets to repel daring close range attacks by small bands of masked Viet Cong fighters.
B Company reached the foot of Hill 65 at about 0930 and moved up the hill. It became obvious that there was a large enemy force in place on the hill, C Company was getting hammered, and by chance, B Company was forcing the enemy's right flank.
Under pressure from B Company's flanking attack the enemy force—most of a People's Liberation Armed Forces (Viet Cong) regiment—moved to the northwest, whereupon the B Company commander called in air and special napalm tipped (it's doubtful there were any napalm artillery shells, perhaps they mean white phosphorus shells) artillery fire on the retreating rebels. The shells scorched the foliage and caught many rebel fighters ablaze, exploding their ammunition and grenades they carried. B Company halted in place in an effort to locate and consolidate with C Company's platoons, managing to establish a coherent defensive line running around the hilltop from southeast to northwest, but with little cover on the southern side.
Meanwhile, the Viet Cong commander realised that his best chance was to close with the US forces so that the 173rd's air and artillery fire could not be effectively employed. Viet Cong troops attempted to out-flank the US position atop the hill from both the east and the southwest, moving his troops closer to the Americans. The result was shoulder-to-shoulder attacks up the hillside, hand-to-hand fighting, and isolation of parts of B and C Companies; the Americans held against two such attacks. Although the fighting continued after the second massed attack, it reduced in intensity as the PLAF troops again attempted to disengage and withdraw, scattering into the jungle to throw off the trail of pursuing US snipers. By late afternoon it seemed that contact had been broken off, allowing the two companies to prepare a night defensive position while collecting their dead and wounded in the center of the position. Although a few of the most seriously wounded were extracted by USAF helicopters using Stokes litters, the triple-canopy jungle prevented the majority from being evacuated until the morning of 9 November.
Aftermath.
The result of the battle was heavy losses on both sides—48 Paratroopers dead, many wounded, and 403 dead Viet Cong troops.
Operation Hump is memorialised in a song by Big and Rich named 8 November. The introduction, as read by Kris Kristofferson, is:
The final sentence is a reference to John 3:16 in the Bible.

</doc>
<doc id="5907510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907510" title="British Youth Council">
British Youth Council

The British Youth Council (BYC) is a UK charity that works to empower young people and promote their interests. BYC, run by young people, exists to represent the views of young people to government and decision-makers at a local, national, European and international level; and to promote the increased participation of young people in society and public life.
History.
Beginnings.
The British Youth Council was established by the Foreign Office of the British Government in preparation for the first World Assembly of Youth. Its original aim was to unite young people in Britain against the forces of communism amid tense international relations just after World War 2.
The Sixties.
In 1963, BYC gained independence from the British Government and became a UK charity championing the opinions of young people.
From the late 1960s, BYC expanded its work in connecting youth councils across the UK – a move championed by then staff member John Denham, former Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.
The Seventies.
In 1971, BYC organised the annual World Assembly of Youth event in Manchester where Prime Minister Edward Heath was the keynote speaker.
In the late 1970s, BYC elected David Hunt as chair (now member of the House of Lords) as well as Janet Paraskeva (now First Civil Service Commissioner) and Peter Mandelson (while he was a member of the Trotskyite Militant Tendency faction of the Labour Party).
BYC published the "Youth Unemployment: Cause and Cures" report, taking it to Prime Minister Jim Callaghan in Downing Street to discuss the issue of youth unemployment. They also attended the 11th World Festival on Youth in Cuba where motions were passed on the human rights records of the USSR and USA. Delegates include Trevor Phillips, Paul Boateng and Charles Clarke MP.
The Eighties.
The 1980s saw BYC hit increasingly difficult times. In 1987 BYC Scotland closed due to funding cuts by the Government at the time. In this period BYC also had its founding Foreign Office grant withdrawn due to the changes in international relations. However, the BYC carried on and continued to do work continuing to promote local youth councils and was involved in the UK's signing of the historic UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The Nineties.
In the 1990s BYC worked with partners to start up and run campaigns to get young people registered to vote and on issues of young people's employment. BYC also worked in the field in youth policy and research, producing a number of journals and publications.
Notable publications during this decade include ‘Never Had it So Good: The Truth about being young in nineties Britain’ (1996), and the 1998 report ‘State of the Young Nation’, which asked 1000 young people about their participation in society and their understanding of political processes.
Continuing increase in BYC’s research, consultation and policy work culminated in 2000 with the biggest consultation with young people that the Government had ever commissioned on areas such as education, employment and young people having their say. The conclusion, 'Listening to the Unheard', led the formulation of the European White Paper on Youth which BYC co-ordinated as the UK members of the European Youth Forum.
Today.
Today BYC continues to build on its past. The organisation celebrated its 60th birthday in 2008 by engaging ten young people to make a documentary film about British youth culture over the last 60 years; in particular, how young people have been able to have an impact on society and democracy.
Mission.
According to its Annual Review 2008/09: “The BYC is led by young people, for young people aged 25 and under across the UK. We connect with our community of member organisations and network of Local Youth Councils to empower all young people, wherever they’re from, to have a say and be heard. Our take on training and volunteering and our powerful campaigns, both local and global, inspire young people to have a positive impact and make their voices count”
Vision.
BYC’s vision is that all young people are respected, and able to influence and inform decisions which affect their lives or upon which they have strong opinions.
Values.
BYC’s four values are recognition, equality, diversity and participation.
Governance.
BYC is led by young people for young people. Its Board of Trustees is made up of 12 young people aged 16–25. These annually elected trustees employ 14 staff and 10 full-time volunteers, and manage a body of young campaigners and media spokespeople.
BYC is a registered charity, and recently registered as a company limited by guarantee, in order to enable the appointment of directors under 18 years old.
Membership.
BYC has 118 members including national youth organisations, faith-based groups, and organisations representing minority groups of young people. In addition, BYC supports a network of 620 youth councils and youth forums, also run by young people.
Activities.
Programmes.
BYC is about the voice of young people - representing themselves through activities such as Young People in Parliament Events, having their voices heard by politicians and policy makers.
It sets up initiatives that celebrate young people's achievements such as the Royal Society of Arts Young Leader Awards.
The British Youth Council set up with support from the House of Commons, the Youth Select Committee which in 2013 enquired into the national curriculum with 11 Young Members.
Volunteering opportunities.
BYC supports young people to find volunteering opportunities and other opportunities for young people through its website, its membership base and through newsletters like the BYC Project and its Online Action Network.
Youth-Led Networks.
Local Youth Council Network, UK Youth Parliament & Young Mayors Network
Consortia.
BYC is part of the Look Listen Change consortium, hosted by the National Children's Bureau and including KIDS, the National Centre for Excellence in Residential Child Care (NCERCC) and the Council for Disabled Children (CDC).The consortium works with local authorities across England to give disadvantaged and marginalised young people greater influence over services in their areas through the Youth4U – Young Inspectors programme.
The Youth of Today is a consortium designed to increase the quality, quantity and diversity of opportunities for young people as leaders of change in their communities. They are: The National Youth Agency (NYA), Changemakers, the Young Foundation, the UK Youth Parliament, the British Youth Council, The Prince's Trust and the Citizenship Foundation.
Finally, the British Youth Council is involved with Participation Works – a group of national charities working to ensure that every child and young person can influence decisions affecting their lives. They are working with the Children's Rights Alliance for England, the National Children's Bureau, The National Youth Agency, the National Council for Voluntary Youth Services and Save the Children (England).
Training.
BYC provides a range of training courses intended to empower young people to make a difference. Many of these are funded under schemes like Youth at the Table.
International.
Since it began, BYC has been involved in international work which aims to:
The British Youth Council works closely with the British Council to promote participation overseas. It is a member of the European Youth Forum and Commonwealth Youth Exchange Programme and cooperates with other National Youth Councils in European through the BBCplus cooperation of National Youth Council's in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5907542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907542" title="Udumbannoor">
Udumbannoor

Udumbannoor () is a panchayth in Idukki district and Thodupuzha taluk. It is situated in the western side of idukki district. The main town in the panchayat is Udumbannoor.

</doc>
<doc id="5907553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907553" title="Con Thien">
Con Thien

Con Thien (Vietnamese: căn cứ Cồn Tiên, meaning the "Hill of Angels"), was a United States Marine Corps combat base located near the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone about 3 km from North Vietnam. It was the site of fierce fighting from February 1967 through February 1968. Cồn Tiên, Gio Linh District, Quảng Trị Province.
Location.
Con Thien is located at (MGRS 48QYD113703) and was originally established as a Special Forces/CIDG camp before being taken over by the Marines in December 1966. Together with Marine bases at Gio Linh, Dong Ha and Cam Lo, Con Thien enclosed the area known to the Marines as "Leatherneck Square". Con Thien was intended to be used as a base for the McNamara Line to prevent NVA infiltration across the DMZ. The firebase was strategically important because it offered unfettered views for 15 km east to the coast and north into North Vietnam. It was also very vulnerable because it was within range of NVA artillery north of the DMZ which was largely immune to counter-battery fire.
Border battles.
On 27 February 1967, in response to Marine artillery fire into and the area north of the DMZ (Operation Highrise) NVA mortar, rocket and artillery fire hit Con Thien and Gio Linh. On 20 March, NVA began shelling Con Thien and Gio Linh which continued sporadically for the next two weeks. 
On 24 March 1st Battalion, 9th Marines began Operation Prairie III where they encountered an NVA battalion in a bunker complex southeast of Con Thien. After a two-hour fight the NVA withdrew leaving 33 killed in action. Sergeant Walter K. Singleton was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the attack. 3rd Battalion, 3rd Marines (3/3) operating beside 1/9 encountered an entrenched NVA Company, killing 28 NVA including two women. On 30 March, Company I 3rd Battalion, 9th Marines was establishing a night ambush position when it was attacked by an NVA force, 2LT John P. Bobo was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the attack. 
In mid-April Charlie Company, 11th Engineer Battalion was tasked with clearing a 200m wide strip from Con Thien to Gio Linh, a distance of 10.6 km. The engineers were protected by a task force consisting of the 1st Battalion, 4th Marines, an AMTRAC (LVT-5) platoon, a platoon of M42 Dusters from the 1st Battalion, 44th Artillery and some ARVN units. By 19 April, despite harassment from NVA mines, small arms, recoilless rifle, mortar and artillery fire the strip was half-completed.
In order to protect Route 561, the supply line to Con Thien from Route 9, the Marines had established two outposts, C-2 Base was located 3 km southeast of Con Thien and contained artillery and infantry positions, while C-2A nicknamed "the Washout" was on low-lying ground overlooking a bridge.
Attack on Con Thien.
8 May, at 0300 some 300 rounds of mortar and artillery fire hit the base, while NVA sappers with Bangalore torpedoes breached the perimeter wire. At 0400 two battalions of the 812th North Vietnamese Regiment armed with flamethrowers overran the Marine stronghold. At the time of the attack the base was defended by the command element and Company 'D' of the 1st Bn. 4th Marines. The well organized attack fell primarily on Company D's northern perimeter. Fierce hand-to-hand combat along the perimeter by the outnumbered Marines eventually led to repelling the initial attacking forces. A relief column from Company 'A' was sent with an M42 Duster, 2 LVT-5s and 2 quarter ton trucks. The M42 was hit by an RPG-7 and an LVT-5 and one truck were destroyed by flamethrowers and satchel charges. A large number of casualties were sustained by Marines of 'A' company. By 0900 some six hours later the enemy had withdrawn leaving 197 killed and 8 prisoners. The Marines had suffered 44 KIA and 110 wounded.
Remilitarizing the DMZ.
After the 8 May attack, recognizing that the NVA were using the DMZ as a sanctuary for attacks into I Corps, Washington lifted the prohibition on US forces entering the DMZ and MACV authorized the III Marine Amphibious Force (III MAF) to conduct combat operations into the southern half of the DMZ. 
From 13–16 May, 1/9 Marines cleared Route 561 from Cam Lo to Con Thien fought a well-entrenched NVA force south of the base. The NVA subsequently withdrew into the DMZ.
Operations Hickory/Lam Son 54/Beau Charger.
III MAF proceeded to plan a series of combined operations with ARVN forces that occurred from 18 to 26 May. Under Operation Hickory 3rd Marines' advanced to the Ben Hai River. Under Operation Lam Son 54 the 1st ARVN Division advanced parallel to 3rd Marines while the amphibious Special Landing Force Alpha secured the coastline south of the Ben Hai River under Operation Beau Charger and Special Landing Force Bravo linked up with 3rd Marines under Operation Belt Tight. Once at the Ben Hai River, the forces swept south on a broad front to Route 9.
From 19 to 27 May when Lam Son 54 ended the ARVN were in constant contact with the NVA. The ARVN suffered 22 KIA and 122 wounded, while the NVA suffered 342 KIA and 30 captured.
The amphibious element of Operation Beau Charger met no opposition while the heliborne assault dropped into a hot LZ. Only one platoon was landed and it remained isolated until rescued several hours later. Beau Charger continued until 26 May with minimal contact. 85 NVA were killed.
In Operation Hickory the 2nd Battalion, 26th Marines and 2nd Battalion, 9th Marines advanced north from Con Thien on the morning of 18 May to press any NVA against a blocking force from the 3rd Battalion, 4th Marines on the Ben Hai River. At 10:00 2/26 Marines made contact with 2 NVA Battalions in bunkers and trenches. The 2/9 Marines joined 2/26 and fought a running battle until nightfall. 5 Marines were KIA and 142 were wounded, while 31 NVA were killed. That night 75 radar-controlled airstrikes were called in on the bunker complex. At 07:00 on 19 May after 2 hours of artillery preparation (in which short rounds killed 3 Marines), the 2/26 proceeded to attack the bunker complex, overrunning it by 10:30 killing 34 NVA. At 13:30 2/9 Marines met heavy automatic weapons and mortar fire and an M-48 moved up to silence the NVA positions with canister fire. 2 M-48s were later knocked out by RPG-7 fire and 2/9 Marines suffered 7 KIA and 12 wounded. On 20 May, 3rd Battalion, 9th Marines covering the left flank of the operation encountered an NVA bunker complex and in fighting lasting into 21 May suffered 26 KIA and 59 wounded for 36 NVA dead. On 25 May Companies H and K from the 26th Marines engaged an NVA Company in a bunker complex near Hill 117 5 km west of Con Thien, fighting lasted throughout the day and cost 14 Marine KIA and 92 wounded for 41 NVA killed. Marine air and artillery pounded the complex throughout the night and a new assault was planned for the morning of 26 May, but NVA fire brought down a UH-1E injuring the command element and the assault was postponed until 27 May when Companies E and F 2/26 Marines and 3/4 Marines took the hill with no resistance. For the remainder of Operation Hickory the Marines encountered only scattered resistance but discovered and destroyed numerous bunkers, ordnance and rice. Operation Hickory concluded on 28 May, the Marines had suffered 142 KIA and 896 wounded for 362 NVA killed. Lam Son 54, Hickory, Belt Tight and Beau Charger also resulted in the removal of the entire civilian population from the area with the result that it was all now a free fire zone.
Operation Prairie IV.
At the conclusion of Operation Hickory, all participating units joined Operation Prairie IV sweeping the area southwest of Con Thien. On 28 May 3/4 Marines ran into a bunker complex on Hill 174, 6 km southwest of Con Thien. Companies M and L attacked the complex but were forced back by small arms, machine guns, 57mm recoilless rifle and 82mm mortars for the loss of 2 Marines KIA and 21 wounded. Artillery hit the hill throughout the night and the next day Companies M and I attacked the hill, suffering 5 KIA and 33 wounded without driving the NVA from the crest of the hill. Companies M and I attacked unsuccessfully again on 30 May suffering 1 KIA and 45 wounded. The NVA abandoned the hill during the night of 30/31 May. Operation Prairie IV resulted in 505 NVA killed and 8 captured for 164 Marines KIA and 1240 wounded.
Operation Cimarron.
Operation Cimarron began on 1 June in the same area with the same units. There was limited contact with the NVA but many enemy bunkers and supply caches were found and destroyed and several NVA graves located. Cimarron ended on 2 July. On 1 July the land-clearing project from Con Thien to Gio Linh was completed, with the clear strip widened to 600m.
Operation Buffalo.
On 2 July Companies A and B from 1/9 launched Operation Buffalo, a sweep of the area north of Con Thien. As the infantrymen moved along Route 561 in an area called the Marketplace, the NVA attacked inflicting severe casualties on Company B. This was the single worse day for Marines in Vietnam (86 killed). Operation Buffalo concludes on 14 July at a cost of 159 Marines KIA and 345 WIA. The NVA suffered 1290 KIA.
Operation Kingfisher.
Following the conclusion of Operation Buffalo III MAF ordered a sweep of the southern half of the DMZ. Operation Hickory II last from 14-16 July and resulted in 39 NVA killed for the loss of 4 Marine dead and 90 wounded. 
Operation Kingfisher took place from 16 July to 31 October 1967.
Operation Kentucky.
Operation Kentucky took place from 1 November 1967 to 28 February 1968 and resulted in 520 Marines killed and 2698 wounded, while the NVA lost 3,839 killed, 117 captured and an unknown number wounded.
In support of Operation Kentucky, squadrons of the First Marine Air Wing provided air support from 4 January 1968 to 23 March 1968. Air support missions included resupply of ammunition, rations, and other supplies. Numerous medevac missions were flown to transport wounded Marines to medical facilities at Dong Ha and to the hospital ship Repose.
Siege.
In September 1967 the 3rd Battalion 9th Marines rotated into Con Thien. That same month the NVA started their major shelling. 152mm howitzers, 120mm and 82mm mortars and 122mm rockets hit the base daily. During the climax of the attack (September 19–27, 1967) over three thousand rounds of artillery pounded the fire base. On September 25, a reported 1200 rounds pounded the hill sides of the 158m mound of red dirt.
The Marine Corps rotated battalions in and out of Con Thien every thirty days. The constant shelling and the threat of an NVA assault took a psychological toll on the Marines, the base was nicknamed "Our Turn in the Barrel" and "the Meat Grinder", while the DMZ was said to stand for "Dead Marine Zone."
More than 1400 Marines were killed and nearly 9300 wounded in the fighting in and around Con Thien. NVA losses were put at nearly 7600 killed in action and 168 prisoners of war.
The Siege in the media.
Con Thien was in the news during the time it was under artillery attack. "TIME" featured the story on the cover of its 6 October 1967, issue which was instrumental in bringing the reality of Vietnam combat to American readers.David Douglas Duncan's photos of the Marines at Con Thien were featured in the 27 October 1967 issue of Life Magazine and in his book "War Without Heroes". CBS News broadcast a special report on October 1, 1967, "The Ordeal of Con Thien", hosted by Mike Wallace, which featured footage and interviews from the field (a link is available at the bottom of this page to view this program at the Internet Archive). 
Much has been written about the siege, gathered from people who were there, people who were not, and taken from historical Marine documents. Con Thien was the battle before Tet, a battle commanders at the time dismissed, and later forgotten maybe a little embarrassed because it showed how unprepared the US was for the 1968 Tet offensive.
1968.
2nd Battalion, 1st Marines took over the defense of Con Thien in mid-December. During the Christmas truce period the Battalion added 11 bunkers and dug a new trench along the forward slope. The troops then sandbagged existing bunkers with a "burster layer" in the roofs, usually consisting of airfield matting to burst delayed fuse rounds, they then covered the positions with rubberized tarps to keep the water out. By the end of the year, all of the new bunkers had been sandbagged and wired in with the new razor wire. During January the NVA kept up sporadic fire on the base firing for 22 of 31 days with each barrage averaging about 30 rounds. The artillery fire gradually destroyed the minefield and bunkers protecting the northwest of the base causing regular casualties.
The 803d NVA Regiment had relieved the 90th NVA Regiment in the positions facing Con Thien and began to launch regular small scale probes of the Marine defenses. On the night of 14 January, the NVA tripped a mine and one soldier was left in the minefield, the NVA made 2 attempts to rescue their wounded man, eventually succeeding under cover of small arms, recoilless rifles and mortars. On 22 January, around midday the NVA bombarded Con Thien with 100 rounds of 82mm mortar, followed by 130 rounds of 152mm shells. 1/4 sustained 2 KIA and 16 wounded. 30 minutes later, about 1 km north of the base, Companies F and G encountered an NVA Company which withdrew under cover of 60mm mortar fire, 2 Marines were KIA and 8 wounded for 3 NVA killed.
In late January with increasing NVA pressure on Khe Sanh Combat Base and Route 9, 1st Battalion 9th Marines was transferred to Khe Sanh and 3rd Battalion 4th Marines was moved to the Lancaster area of operations. 2nd Battalion 4th Marines was assigned to take over the 3/4's area of operations northeast of Con Thien and on 27 January, HMM-361 landed the first units near C-2, by the end of the day the entire battalion was deployed. 
On 29 January a Marine observer at Con Thien using a Starlight Scope spotted an NVA convoy moving about 1 km north of the Ben Hai River and called in artillery air strikes. The NVA responded by launching five SAM-2 missiles on the attacking aircraft which proceeded to destroy both the convoy and the SAM site.
By the end of January the defensive positions on the trace line, including C-2, C-2A and Con Thien (C-4) were largely complete, although there was abundant evidence of continued NVA infiltration across the DMZ.
The Tet Offensive was little noticed at Con Thien and elsewhere along the DMZ, rather it was just the same fighting that had been going on for the previous weeks and months. There was no Tet truce here, but nor was there a sudden NVA thrust through the DMZ or frontal assault on Khe Sanh that MACV had expected.
The NVA continued to pressure the Marines particularly around the A-3 strongpoint between Con Thien and Gio Linh. On 3 March Lima Company, 3rd Battalion 3rd Marines, occupying an outpost on Hill 28 just north of the A-3, intercepted an NVA battalion attempting to infiltrate the Marine positions. The NVA encircled the Marines and were only driven back by airstrikes and Huey gunship runs. One Marine was killed and thirteen wounded while killing over 100 NVA. On 16 March, Mike Company, 3/3 Marines and Charlie Company, 1/4 Marines clashed with another battalion-sized NVA force. The two Marine companies called in artillery and air upon the NVA, the bulk of which disengaged, leaving a company behind to fight a rearguard action. NVA artillery from north of the DMZ answered the American supporting arms with a 400-round barrage of its own on the Marines. Marine casualties were two KIA and nine wounded for 83 NVA killed. For the entire month in Operation Kentucky, 9th Marines reported over 400 enemy dead while Marine casualties were 37 KIA and more than 200 wounded.
On 22 May a patrol from Company A 1/4 Marines ran into an NVA force east of Con Thien. 1/4 attacked east from Con Thien, while 3/3 Marines attacked west from Strongpoint A-3. 3/9 Marines were helicoptered into blocking positions in the south, while 1/9 Marines was helicoptered into blocking positions in the north. The NVA tried to escape across the trace line but were mowed down by artillery, tank, gunship and fixed-wing fire. The NVA suffered 225 killed, while the Marines had 23 KIA and 75 wounded.
On 6 June, a reinforced platoon from Company E, 26th Marines observed and then engaged an NVA company while on patrol 1.8 km southeast of Con Thien. Reinforced by the command group and a rifle platoon from Company H, the patrol engaged the NVA with small arms and 81mm mortars. 14 NVA were killed and the Marines suffered 14 KIA and 11 wounded.
On 7 July, to exploit the results of Operation Thor in the Cua Viet-Dong Ha sector, the 9th Marines began a sweep of the area between Con Thien and the DMZ. On 11 July, 4 km northeast of Con Thien, elements of 3/9 Marines discovered a reinforced NVA platoon in the open. Fixing the NVA in place with small arms fire, the Marines, with air, artillery, and tank support, launched a coordinated air-ground attack through the area killing more than 30 NVA. The 9th Marines uncovered and destroyed numerous NVA fortifications, a few of the positions were lightly defended, but the majority were abandoned. One bunker system discovered 4 km meters due north of Con Thien spanned more than 1 km and included 242 well-constructed bunkers. Supplies and equipment abandoned included weapons, 935 mortar rounds, 500 pounds of explosives, 55 antitank mines, and 500 pounds of rice. The Marines also found 29 NVA bodies, killed by artillery and airstrikes during the advance on the complex.
On 21 July 2/9 Marines discovered a major NVA bunker complex 6 km southwest of Con Thien. Composed of 60 A-frame timbered bunkers built into the sides of bomb craters, each with an average overhead cover 10-feet-thick, the system was connected to a large command bunker by a network of interconnecting tunnels. The command bunker featured an aperture overlooking Con Thien and C-2 and documents found in the bunker indicated that the NVA had been observing and reporting the movement of helicopters, tanks, and trucks entering and leaving Con Thien and C-2.
Early August saw little contact with the NVA other than an encounter by Company F, 9th Marines with 30 NVA, 3 km east of Con Thien. In the face of artillery and fixed-wing support, the NVA broke contact and the Marines began a sweep through the area during which they regained contact. The NVA again broke and ran, and Company F moved through the area, capturing a number of weapons and counting 11 NVA dead.
On 15 August, an NVA company attacked a four-man Marine reconnaissance team southeast of Con Thien near the abandoned airstrip at Nam Dong. The patrol returned fire and requested reinforcement, while simultaneously calling in preplanned artillery fires. Within minutes a platoon from Company A, 1st Marines, accompanied by three tanks, moved out of positions 1 km away and headed south to assist. The coordinated attack, which included more than 150 rounds of 105mm artillery, 40 rounds of 4.2-inch mortar, 75 rounds from the 90mm guns of the tanks, and airstrikes by Marine UH-1E gunships accounted for several NVA dead. 
As NVA activity continued to increase in the eastern DMZ, particularly north of Con Thien, the Marines decided to act. In addition to sightings of enemy tanks, Marine fighter pilots and aerial observers reported spotting trucks, truck parks, camouflaged revetments, storage bunkers, and trenchlines. Of special interest were repeated sightings of low, slow moving lights during hours of darkness which, it was assumed, came from enemy helicopters thought to be resupplying forward positions with high priority cargo such as ammunition and medical supplies or conducting medevacs. On 19 August, after 60 Arclight strikes 2nd Battalion 1st Marines (2/1) assaulted into three LZs in the Trung Son region of the southern DMZ, 5 km north of Con Thien. Supported by a platoon of tanks from 3rd Tank Battalion, 2/1 swept the area but found no evidence of use by VPAF helicopters. During the extraction one CH-46 Sea Knight was destroyed by a command detonated mine, killing 4 Marines. 
While the assault claimed no NVA casualties, it did scatter NVA forces in the area. On the morning of the 19th, Bravo Company, 2/1 and the Army's Company A, 77th Armored Regiment engaged an enemy platoon while supported by M-48s from 3rd Tank Battalion, killing 26 NVA. 6 km southwest of Con Thien Mike Company, 3/9 Marines intercepted a reinforced NVA platoon, under the cover of airstrikes and artillery they kill 30 NVA and captured 2. On 20 August, 2 NVA squads attacked Companies G and H, 2/9 Marines with small arms, RPGs, mortars, and artillery. The Marines, supported by 5 M-48s from 3rd Tank Battalion forced the NVA to withdraw northward, leaving their dead. On 21 July, Company I, 9th Marines began receiving sniper fire and within an hour, the company had engaged an NVA unit of undetermined size, firing small arms and grenades, responding with accurate rocket, mortar, and artillery fire, the Marines forced the NVA to break contact and withdraw to the north. A search of the area found 14 NVA dead and 12 weapons.
On 24 August at 17:00, Marine reconnaissance team "Tender Rancho" was moving 7 km southeast of Con Thien near Dao Xuyen, when it surprised a group of 15 bivouacked NVA troops killing 6. Within minutes the team received a barrage of 82mm mortars and immediately formed a 360-degree security. 90 minutes later gunships arrived on station and informed the team that the NVA surrounded them. At 19:30 despite receiving 0.50 caliber and 82mm mortar fire helicopters inserted a reinforced platoon from Company D 1st Marines to assist. Meanwhile additional platoons from Company D, along with Company C, moving overland from the east took up blocking positions north of the encircled reconnaissance team before dark. At daylight on 25 August, Marine helicopters inserted the remainder of Company D. During the insertion a CH-34, while dodging enemy fire, struck a tree breaking off the tail section, killing 3 and wounding 14. With the arrival of elements of 1/3 Marines and Company M, 3/9 Marines later in the day, the Marines effectively cordoned the area, preventing an NVA withdrawal. During the remainder of the 25th and into the 26th, as Companies C and D, 1st Marines pushed southward toward the other blocking forces, the NVA made several unsuccessful attempts to break the cordon. By the end of 26 August, after three days of fighting, the NVA had suffered 78 killed while the Marines suffered 11 KIA and 58 wounded.
On 31 August 1st Marines was relieved of responsibility for the Kentucky area of operations and the Army's 1st Brigade, 5th Infantry Division (Mechanized).
On 4 September, a platoon from Company A, 61st Infantry was sent to the relief of Company M 3/9 Marines which was engaged in battle with a reinforced NVA company in bunkers west of Con Thien. Joined by a reaction force from Company C, 61st Infantry, and supported by artillery and airstrikes, the American units killed more than 20 NVA for 6 US KIA and 55 wounded in the two-and-one-half hour battle that followed.
On 11 September, Company D, 11th Infantry engaged an NVA force of unknown strength from the 27th Independent NVA Regiment occupying bunkers near the "Market Place," 4 km northeast of Con Thien. The Company called for air and artillery strikes while a platoon of tanks from the 1st Battalion, 77th Armored moved up reinforce. At 18:30 the NVA attempted to break contact, but the artillery prevented their withdrawal. One group of NVA raised a white flag, so the American gunners ceased fire momentarily to allow the group to surrender, instead the NVA broke and ran and the artillery barrage resumed. A later sweep of the area found 40 dead NVA, 7 were captured.
On 13 September following Arclight and naval and land artillery strikes 3 Brigade task forces from the 5th Infantry Division attacked into the DMZ northeast of Con Thien. To the east the 1st Squadron, 7th ARVN Armored Cavalry, supported by two platoons from Company A, 3rd Tank Battalion, simultaneously attacked to the north and northeast of A-2 and Gio Linh. The ARVN achieved almost immediate contact. The Marine tanks providing a base of fire for the advancing ARVN infantry fired 90mm canister and high-explosive rounds and their machine guns to break through the NVA defenses killing 73 NVA. Following in the wake of the tanks, and supported by helicopter gunships, the ARVN infantry killed an additional 68 NVA and captured one. On the left flank, after encountering mines and antitank fire, the three Army task forces joined the action, accounting for another 35 NVA and seizing a large cache of mortar rounds. The allied forces reached their northernmost objectives, turned south, and returned to their bases by late afternoon. The captured NVA soldier identified his unit as an element of the 138th NVA Regiment which had assumed control of the 27th Independent Regiment's area of operations, due to the heavy casualties suffered by the regiment in recent months.
In late September heavy monsoon rains had swollen the Ben Hai River, forcing remnants of the 320th NVA Division and independent regiments north across the river, but military intelligence indicated that some groups had been trapped in the south by the rising water. On 26 September Companies B, C, and D, 11th Infantry moved out from positions at C-2 and C-2 Bridge. In coordination with the 2d and 3d Battalions, 2nd ARVN Regiment, and the 3d Marines, the companies moved to a position west of Con Thien and then attacked north across the southern boundary of the DMZ, toward the Dong Be Lao mountain complex. During an 8 day patrol into the DMZ, they encountered minimal opposition from the NVA rearguard. Searches of numerous bunkers and other complexes indicated that the NVA had only recently abandoned the positions.
On 11 October a brigade mechanized infantry and tank force, composed of Companies B and C, 61st Infantry and Company B, 77th Armored, engaged a platoon of NVA in heavily fortified bunkers, 2.5 km northeast of Con Thien. The NVA used RPGs and 60mm mortars to knock out 3 M-48s and one M-113. Mines disabled another two M-48s and one M-113, killing 3 and wounding 20. After five hours of battle 26 NVA were killed.
Despite heavy rain during October, ground and aerial reconnaissance missions indicated the presence of a sizable NVA force south of the Ben Hai River between Gio Linh and Con Thien. On 23 October the brigade task force, composed of three companies of the dismounted 1st Battalion, 61st Infantry attacked north from A-3 and Con Thien into the DMZ and then eastward along the Ben Hai River toward the 2d ARVN Regiment and Company H, 9th Marines which had earlier trapped an NVA force killing 112. As the task force continued eastward during the 24th, through Kinh Mon, Tan Mon, and An Xa along an abandoned railroad, Company A engaged an NVA platoon, killing seven. At 08:30 on 25 October, Company A encountered an NVA battalion in well-fortified bunkers, while Company B came under heavy small arms and mortar fire. By 10:30 the engaged companies had linked up, and while Company A attacked to the northeast against the enemy's flank, Company B assaulted and overran the enemy position, capturing one 82mm mortar, two 60mm mortars, and two 0.50-caliber machine guns. Both companies, later reinforced by Company B, 77th Armor, remained in contact until 18:00 killing 231 NVA for the loss of 4 KIA and 24 wounded.
On 22 October General Abrams, COMUSMACV ordered all construction and planning efforts associated with the anti-infiltration effort halted. Under the new plan, referred to as "Duel Blade", allied forces, supported by air, artillery, and naval gunfire, would maintain a mobile posture and actively resist infiltration from the North by maintaining a comprehensive surveillance effort. While ground reconnaissance would be a part of the effort, attended and unattended detection devices or sensors would provide a majority of the surveillance capability. As part of the implementation of "Duel Blade" the "A" and "C" strongpoint sites considered essential would be used as fire support bases, while those of no value, such as A-3 and C-3, would be closed.
With effect from 21:00 on 1 November the US ceased all offensive operations against the territory of North Vietnam. This prohibition also applied to offensive operations north of the DMZ's southern boundary. General Abrams later sought and obtained authority to send squad-size patrols into the southern DMZ to capture prisoners and obtain intelligence on the NVA military buildup in the DMZ.
On 1 November the 1st Brigade, 5th Infantry Division, was directed to move from the Kentucky area of operations into an area near Quang Tri City. The 3d Marines supported by the 3rd Tank Battalion assumed control of the Kentucky area. As a sign of the reduced NVA activity in the Kentucky area, by December only Company E, 2/3 Marines was responsible for the security for Con Thien and C-2 Bridge, as well as patrolling and ambushing throughout its assigned 54-square kilometer area.

</doc>
<doc id="5907560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907560" title="Soul Bossa Nova">
Soul Bossa Nova

"Soul Bossa Nova" is a popular instrumental title, composed by and first performed by American impresario, jazz composer, arranger, and record producer Quincy Jones. It appeared on his 1962 "Big Band Bossa Nova" album on Mercury Records. Multi-reed player Roland Kirk played the flute solo. Incomplete personnel on the album liner notes do not specify the prominent brass players. According to Jones, he took twenty minutes to compose the piece.
"Soul Bossa Nova" has endeared itself to producers, musicians and the public. The piece appears in the soundtracks to Sidney Lumet's 1964 dramatic film "The Pawnbroker", which was scored by Jones, while Woody Allen's 1969 comedy "Take the Money and Run" features a similar-sounding instrumental composed by Marvin Hamlisch. It was used by BBC Radio 1 disc jockey Alan 'Fluff' Freeman as a theme for his afternoon programme that was broadcast in the UK during the 1970s. In 1969, the French composer Nino Ferrer used the orchestration of the theme for the chorus of his song "Les cornichons", based on the title "Big Nick" by James Booker. The theme was used in a long-running Canadian television game show, "Definition". Canadian hip hop group Dream Warriors heavily sampled the title for their popular track "My Definition of a Boombastic Jazz Style", in their debut album "And Now the Legacy Begins" in 1991. Like Dream Warriors, Canadian Mike Myers grew up watching "Definition", and as a homage to his childhood used the title as the theme for the "Austin Powers" film series, starting with ' in 1997. It was used as a theme for the 1998 FIFA World Cup. It was sampled by Ludacris for his "Austin Powers"-themed 2005 single, "Number One Spot", on his 2004 album "The Red Light District", appearing in the videogames "Samba de Amigo" and ' .
The title was also used from 2001 to 2005 as the title theme in a German "ethno-comedy" TV show "Was guckst du?" ("What 'ya looking?"), which was based on the British TV show "Goodness Gracious Me".
The title was featured in the pilot episode of "Glee".

</doc>
<doc id="5907567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907567" title="Takkari Donga">
Takkari Donga

Takkari Donga is a 2002 Telugu Cowboy film, directed by Jayant Paranjee. Mahesh Babu, Lisa Ray and Bipasha Basu play the lead roles. This movie was dubbed into Hindi as "Choron Ka Chor" and Tamil as "Vetri Veeran".
Synopsis.
The movie starts with Shaka (Rahul Dev) killing his own brother for information, which is also known to another man, Veeru Dada. In the encounter, Veeru Dada (Ashok Kumar) jumps off into a river from a cliff.
After 18 years, we have Veeru Dada with a leg cut off giving info to Raja (Mahesh Babu), a mischievous thief who robs banks in style. Raja gives Veeru Dada a share of 50% for all his tip offs. Raja becomes more daring as the price tag on his head increases by thousands. There is another mischievous thief, Panasa (Bipasha Basu), who with uncle follows Raju so that she can dupe him and escape with all the looted money. As the things go on a frolicking way between Panasa and Raja, the desperate Shaka is searching for Veeru Dada. Veeru Dada realizes that Shaka will kill him soon. Hence, Veeru Dada offers a big diamond to Raja and asks him to escort his daughter Bhuvana (Lisa Ray) to his brother Dharma's place.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack composed by Mani Sharma and lyrics were penned by Bhuvana Chandra, Vennelakanti, Chandra Bose, Kula Sekhar.

</doc>
<doc id="5907598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907598" title="Alfred Kastil">
Alfred Kastil

Alfred Kastil [ka:stil] (May 12, 1874, Graz - July 20, 1950, Schönbühel/Danube, Niederösterreich) was an Austrian-German philosopher.
He taught as a professor at the Innsbruck University (1912-1933).

</doc>
<doc id="5907607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907607" title="James Hyman">
James Hyman

James Hyman (born 18 April 1970) is a DJ, Radio & TV presenter, music supervisor and MD of JLH, a creative media–marketing company.
Hyman put aside his place at the University of Manchester (he was set to study Latin) in order to work at MTV Europe in the Press office, despite his parents' misgivings (partly because of his father's glimpse of the music industry through his cousin Brian Epstein).
Whilst at MTV Europe, Hyman studied "Film & Media" at London Guildhall University, graduating in 1992 with 1st class Honors.
TV work.
Worked at MTV Europe (1988 to 2000), as a Press Officer then as Programmer / Producer / Director, focusing on Acid House and other Dance/Club/Rave cultures & scenes. His MTV shows, including Party Zone were broadcast to a potential 60 million European households and featured over 500 in-depth interviews with the likes of The Prodigy, Goldie, Moby, David Holmes, The Chemical Brothers, Underworld, Paul Oakenfold, and Aphex Twin, many unknown at time of interview and seen first on MTV.
Co-presented MTV's "Up For It" and fronted a spin-off from MTV's "Bytesize" programme, providing daily reports on Internet news & web sites.
In 1992 with Coldcut produced a TV Megamix for Canal+'s weekly pop-culture show, which pre-empted his MTV Megamix format and shows that began broadcasting on MTV Europe in 1998.
In the late '90s / early 2000s, presented new media & web-based Pop-culture shows on Channel 4, Channel 5, produced for BBC's Play UK and produced / presented "Headf**k" plus a documentary about The Prisoner for the Sci-Fi Channel.
As a pop culture commentator (described as a "pop culturalist" by the BBC) has appeared on BBC News 24, BBC Three and Nuts TV's weekly music reviewer.
December 2009 produced a 2-hour "Hot Mix - The Noughties" for Channel 4 and associated Box Television stations.
Radio & DJing.
Presented radio shows for Atlantic 252 and on Xfm London was producer / presenter of "The Rinse" & co-presenter / producer of "The Remix", the latter nominated in the Sony Radio Academy Awards for 2003.
Like his MTV shows, "The Rinse" featured in-depth interviews & music from key players at key moments in their careers, including Ice-T, Mark Ronson, Kanye West, Mike Skinner, Dizzee Rascal, Russell Simmons and Nas.
"The Rinse" focused on Dance music with Hyman also championing other emerging music trends such as Bastard pop. 
"The Remix" focused on mash-up remixes and, according to "The Guardian", "led the craze" which caused some controversy when a cease and desist order was issued for playing "A Stroke of Genius" by The Freelance Hellraiser.
The Xfm shows paved the way for the release of a number of albums:
an audio homage to James Bond, which featured in "The Daily Telegraph's" top 5 CDs of 2004 
September 2007, Hyman left Xfm to concentrate on his music supervision company JLH and other broadcast projects.
A one-hour documentary about Paul Anka and his song "My Way" was produced by Hyman and Nick Minter as part of BBC Radio 2's series, "Song Stories", first broadcast 23 February 2011. on BBC Radio 2.
DJ's at clubs (nationally and internationally), events such as film premieres (like The Royal Tenenbaums and Suzie Gold,), festivals (including Glastonbury), corporate functions (BMW and The Carphone Warehouse) and celebrity parties (Will Smith, Madonna, Britney Spears and Eminem).
Voice-overs.
voice-overs for adverts include:
Music supervision.
Through JLH, Hyman provided music supervision (i.e. sourcing / licencing / composing) for:
Adverts including:
Video games including:
Feature films including:
Pop video.
Directed and/or Produced over 200 music videos, including:
Films.
Hyman expanded his Quentin Tarantino mix tape, "Pulp Mixin'", to create a feature-length mash-up film, with the provisional title "James Hyman/Quentin Tarantino Movie Mash-Up". It blends Tarantino's film footage with music videos, including those of the music used in the films.

</doc>
<doc id="5907608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907608" title="J. Howard Swick">
J. Howard Swick

Jesse Howard Swick (August 6, 1879 – November 17, 1952) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
J. Howard Swick was born near New Brighton, Pennsylvania. He attended Geneva College in nearby Beaver Falls, where he taught from 1895 to 1900. He graduated from Hahnemann Medical College of Philadelphia in 1900. He moved to Beaver Falls in 1906 and commenced the practice of medicine. 
He served as president of the Beaver Falls Bureau of Health from 1907 to 1914. During the First World War, Swick served as a first lieutenant and later as a captain in the Medical Corps of the United States Army, with overseas service, from August 31, 1917 to May 9, 1919. 
After his time in the service, he resumed the practice of medicine in Beaver Falls. He was also interested in banking and the manufacturing of steel products. He served as a member of the Beaver Falls City Council from 1925 to 1927. 
Swick was elected as a Republican to the Seventieth and to the three succeeding Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1934. He resumed the practice of medicine until August 1945, when he retired. 
He died in Beaver Falls, aged 73, and is buried in Concord Cemetery in North Sewickley Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5907628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907628" title="Camden Catholic High School">
Camden Catholic High School

Camden Catholic High School is a four-year comprehensive private coeducational Roman Catholic high school, located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, serving students from the Camden County area. The school operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Camden. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1934. Camden Catholic students come from the local area and from Norway, Germany, Mexico, Korea, and China. Many of these students live on campus in the Nazareth House, a convent re-purposed to accommodate foreign students with full-time care-providers on staff, while others live with host families in the surrounding area.
As of the 2009-10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 847 students and 57 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.9.
History.
When the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception was built in 1862, space was set aside for the first parochial school in the city of Camden, which became the foundation of the current high school. In 1920, the existing elementary school program was extended to include a four-year, high school program graduating 15 girls and 6 boys in June 1921. Camden Catholic High School opened in 1924 with an enrollment of 400 students.
After a fire on April 17, 1960, destroyed two buildings at the Camden campus, a decision was made that a new school would be constructed on a site in Cherry Hill.
In the school year of 2012-2013, Camden Catholic is celebrating its 125th anniversary as a school.
The Arts Academy.
Currently, the school is working on an arts academy, which includes digital and performing arts.
Sports.
Camden Catholic High School participates in the Olympic Conference, which consists of public and private high schools located in Burlington County and Camden County, and operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association.
The football team won the NJSIAA Non-Public A South state sectional championship in 1979.
The wrestling team won the 2007 Group A State Championship, defeating Don Bosco Preparatory High School 32-25 to take the title.
Wrestler Taylor Walsh won the 2010 NJSIAA 145 pound championship defeating Frank Crocco of Passiac Valley in the final. He Previously won the 2009 NJSIAA 135 pound championship defeating two time runner up Kodie Silvestri of Wakill Valley. He placed second at 119 pounds in 2008 losing in the finals to two time champion Vinnie Dellefave of Toms River East. Wrestler Anthony Trongone won the NJSIAA 171 pound championship in 2007. Trongone was a runner-up in 2005-06 season. Previous state champions from Camden Catholic are Bobby Stinson (in the . weight class in 2002) and Ed Giosa (125 lb. in 2003).
The boys cross country team, under the coaching leadership of Dennis Quinn and Ralph Harris, took the division championship on October 10, 2007, beating Paul VI High School and ending Paul VI's 28-year, 244 match dual meet winning streak.
In 2007, the field hockey team won the South Jersey, Group II state sectional championship with a 5-3 win over West Deptford High School in the tournament final.
In the school year in 2011-2012, the swim team made it to states, versing Pingry.
The Boys Winter Track Team won the non-public group B division state relay title in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5907634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907634" title="Tagalaka language">
Tagalaka language

Takalak (Tagalaka, Da:galag) is a poorly attested, extinct Australian Aboriginal language of Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="5907635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907635" title="Bassprov">
Bassprov

Bassprov is a two-person longform improvisational comedy show. The main characters, Donny Weaver (played by Mark Sutton) and Earl Hinkle (played by Joe Bill), are middle-aged central Indiana blue-collar men who spend their free time fishing and talking about sports. The show begins with an audience suggestion of a current event and "something you can stick your fingers in." From there, a completely improvised dialogue is created while interconnecting events from the characters' lives and the suggestions, all while the two men fish.
The show has been performed throughout the United States and internationally at festivals, clubs, and colleges and have been awarded the Nichols & May Award for Comedy Duo of the Year from the Chicago Improv Festival and Chicago's Best Comedy Group by Bass Ale.
Additional Characters.
The following people have guest starred as performers with Bassprov:

</doc>
<doc id="5907647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907647" title="Kevin P. Engler">
Kevin P. Engler

Kevin P. Engler (born June 23, 1959) is a Republican a former member of the Missouri Senate, representing the 3rd District from 2004 to 2008. He became Majority leader in January 2009. Previously he was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 2003 through 2005. He was the Chairman of the Rules, Joint Rules, Resolutions and Ethics committee and vice chair of the Administration and Gubernatorial Appointments committees. Engler won election in the 2012 election for Missouri House of Representatives, District 116
He was born in Festus, Missouri, and graduated from Festus High School in 1977. He went on to Southwest Missouri State University, where he earned degrees in finance/general business and marketing. He served as mayor of Farmington for six years, was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 2002, and then to the Missouri State Senate in 2004 and again to the Missouri House of Representatives in 2012.
In 2009, Engler attracted attention by proposing, then withdrawing a bill to make littering a capital offense. In a short speech on the Senate floor, he referred to constituents who litter as "white trash" and "dumb rednecks." When criticized for these remarks, Engler said, "the only ones I've called names are the ones doing it. If they are offended, good."
Family.
He is married to Chris Engler and has four children: Aimeé, Daniel, Andrew, and Joseph. He currently resides in Farmington, Missouri and is a registered representative of Edward Jones Investments.

</doc>
<doc id="5907655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907655" title="Hail to the Homeland">
Hail to the Homeland

Hail to the Homeland is one of the unofficial anthems of Cornwall. It was composed by the Cornish musician Kenneth Pelmear who composed and arranged many works for church and male voice choirs and brass bands. The words were written by Pearce Gilbert, of Helston, Cornwall.
Other Cornish 'anthems' are "Trelawny" and "Bro Goth Agan Tasow".

</doc>
<doc id="5907657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907657" title="Britain Israel Communications and Research Centre">
Britain Israel Communications and Research Centre

The Britain Israel Communications and Research Centre (BICOM) is a UK-based organisation which acts to promote awareness of Israel and the Middle East in the UK. BICOM issues materials on the history, economy, culture and politics of Israel, the Middle East peace plan, terrorism in the Middle-East, UK-Israel relations and foreign policy and the future of Palestine.
History.
BICOM was founded in 2002 against the backdrop of the second intifada. Suicide bombings carried out in Israel led to Israel’s forceful response against Palestinian armed groups. This naturally brought a great deal of media attention to the conflict and the region and BICOM’s mission was to ensure that the media had the information and analysis needed in order to place events in their full context. BICOM’s message from the very start has been clear and constant – Israel wants peace and that the two-state solution is the best hope for both them and the Palestinians.
With the Arab Spring and the Iranian Nuclear threat, regional matters have also become important issues on which BICOM provides its expert analysis. 
BICOM is funded through private donations allowing it to maintain an independence that has helped to establish itself as a leading authority on Israel and the region with the Media and opinion formers in both Britain and internationally. In 2012, BICOM was invited to present its views to a Knesset sub-committee on Diaspora Affairs chaired by MK Einat Wilf.
Fathom.
At the end of 2012, BICOM published the first issue of its new journal ‘Fathom’. With the strap line of ‘For a deeper understanding of Israel and the region’, Fathom marries the authority of the old-school journal with the accessibility provided by modern technology. Fathom has no party line to push and seeks genuine bi-partisan debate with its contributors and advisory editors drawn from across the political spectrum. It is available online and as a free app for the iPad and iPhone. 
Fathom believes two states for two peoples remains the only way to balance the Jewish and Palestinian right to national self-determination. It understands there has been a waning of support for this project, among intellectuals especially. Fathom will offer hard-headed realism about where we are in the peace process, but also opens its pages to ambitious thinking about where we want to be and how to get there. 
We Believe in Israel.
‘We Believe in Israel’ (WBII) was launched to build on the success of the We Believe in Israel Conference in London in May 2011, supported by 26 community organisations and attended by 1500 delegates.
WBII is a UK grassroots network of people united in believing in the right of the State of Israel to live in peace and security. The organisation aims to support and facilitate activists who seek, through local engagement and campaigning, to create a more complete understanding of Israel and its situation in the UK, and to engage others in our communities, be they friends, neighbours, colleagues, local elected office holders or the media so that Israel’s case gets a fair hearing.
WBII is a broad-based and inclusive coalition open to anyone, Jewish and non-Jewish, and from across the political spectrum, who subscribes to our core values and objectives. We seek to unite supporters of Israel in the UK around shared and fundamental common beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="5907658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907658" title="WIWN">
WIWN

WIWN, virtual channel 68 (VHF digital channel 5), is a WeatherNation TV-affiliated television station licensed to Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, United States. The station is owned by Pappas Telecasting Companies. WIWN maintains studio and transmitter facilities located on North Humboldt Boulevard in Milwaukee's Estabrook Park neighborhood. It is currently the only WeatherNation affiliated station carrying the network as its main (and only) channel.
History.
The station first signed on the air in 2000 as WMMF-TV, which carried programming from FamilyNet. It shared transmitter facilities with WWRS-TV (channel 52), north of Iron Ridge in Dodge County. WIWN is the second television station to be licensed to Fond du Lac. KFIZ-TV (channel 34), an independent station that was co-owned with KFIZ (1450 AM) and WFON (107.1 FM) and had operated from 1968 to 1972. The station changed its call letters to WWAZ in late 2004, in anticipation for a change in affiliation to the Spanish language Azteca America network; however the station never did join Azteca, Pappas ended up dropping almost all of its affiliations with the network from its stations in July 2007 during a conflict with the network, replacing it with its own new Spanish-language service, TuVision. During TuVision's life, the network was never carried by WWAZ.
Most of the station's audience prior to 2007 received its signal over-the-air, as WWAZ and Pappas had previously not pursued any must-carry provisions with local cable and national satellite providers because of affiliation uncertainties; for instance, the station was not carried on the Charter Communications system in Fond du Lac. From Iron Ridge, the station's coverage area ranged from most of the northern part of the eleven-county Milwaukee market area, to the eastern portion of the Madison market, along with the southern portions of the Green Bay market. However as the station's transmitter was located west of the Kettle Moraine range that bisects the station's coverage area, communities in Sheboygan and Ozaukee counties were unable to receive the station without an outdoor antenna at minimum.
However, this changed in mid-2007, when Pappas filed a must-carry provision with Time Warner Cable's Northeastern Wisconsin system, and the station was subsequently added in Green Bay and the Fox Cities on June 26, 2007, replacing Milwaukee CW affiliate WVTV (channel 18), which had aired on the provider since the mid-1980s during that station's phase of becoming a superstation with intrastate coverage across Wisconsin. Eventually though, FamilyNet was added to Charter systems through a national deal to add it to their digital family tier, and carriage of WWAZ was of no priority to Charter, as the station carried the network without any local deviation, along with having on-air malfunctions to the point their hourly station identification would often not show up.
The station ceased broadcasting in January 2008 as the financial issues of Pappas Telecasting elsewhere began to build up, resulting in the ceasing of operations of Walla Walla, Washington sister station KCWK. After the station went silent, a slide on the station's slot on Time Warner Cable went up containing the sentence "WWAZ-TV informed Time Warner Cable that it has ceased broadcast operations until further notice." On January 15, 2008, WWAZ-TV filed a request with the Federal Communications Commission to cease broadcasting in analog before the end of the digital television transition period and become a digital-only station, broadcasting on UHF channel 44. The request was approved in late July 2008. The station continued to broadcast for a short time before permanently ending its analog service within two weeks.
Pappas Telecasting Companies filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on May 10, 2008; however the WWAZ license, operations and facilities were not covered under the filing. However, due to Pappas's financial problems, the station remained silent, and in an FCC filing, the station requested a move to channel 5 after WFRV-TV discontinued its analog signal and vacated the channel in March 2009 (retaining its digital channel 39), but asserted it was unable to complete the new transmitter and tower until 2010 at the earliest.
Move to Milwaukee area.
In August 2009, the FCC conditionally approved the move to channel 5 after the build-out of the new transmitter, which was approved for the traditional tower site on the northeast side of Milwaukee. According to FCC mapping, the station leases space on the MPTV Tower to broadcast the station, with the signal directed towards the west and north to avoid interference with the stations mentioned below. The channel 5 construction permit was accepted by the FCC on October 16, 2009.
The petition to move was contested by Weigel Broadcasting, WLFM-LP (now WGWG-LP) in Chicago (a station then using the analog channel 6 audio overlap quirk on 87.7 FM to broadcast a smooth jazz radio station with video imagery; it now carries sports talk), as well as by Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan, near Grand Rapids, which has its Kalamazoo PBS member station WGVK based on digital channel 5, mapping via PSIP to channel 52. Weigel objected mainly on concerns of abandonment by WWAZ of serving Fond du Lac and the surrounding area to become a full-time Milwaukee station (creating a possible competitor to Weigel's two full-power and two low-power stations in the area), while Grand Valley's and WLFM's concerns were with interference from the more southern signal within Chicago and across Lake Michigan.
The application was approved mainly due to ABC asking for the FCC to allow them to move the main digital signal of its Chicago owned-and-operated station WLS-TV from VHF channel 7 to UHF channel 44 due to signal reception problems in their market, a move supported by Pappas and approved by the FCC in October 2009, which was carried out at the beginning of 2010. Pappas planned to address the abandonment concerns of the rural audience by building two low-power digital translator stations in areas formerly served by the WWAZ analog signal, the first on channel 15 from Ripon which has reception in the city of Fond du Lac, and the second on channel 30, broadcasting from Columbus within the northeast reaches of the Madison market. However the Ripon and Columbus applications have since disappeared from the FCC database, leaving solely the entry for the Milwaukee tower site.
On August 12, 2012, it was reported that the station had begun to broadcast from the MPTV Tower, airing programming from WeatherNation TV; it also changed its call letters to WIWN, which became official one day later on August 13. The network is carried fully in 1080i high definition, with forced framing to widescreen for standard definition viewers via the AFD #10 code. DirecTV picked up the station shortly after it came to air for their southeastern Wisconsin lineup under must-carry requested from Pappas.
The station acquired its first cable carriage in April 2014, when Charter added the stations to their southeastern Wisconsin systems as part of Charter's new retransmission consent agreement for Pappas stations elsewhere in the country, finally bringing the station carriage in its city of license of Fond du Lac. Currently on varying channels as Charter converts to digital-only operations, it will eventually take up channel 22 on those Charter systems, along with channel 616 in high definition. Time Warner Cable (which is in the process of having their Wisconsin systems acquired by Charter) added the station for their area systems in June 24 on standard channel 68 and in high definition on channel 1068.
On June 16, 2014, Pappas Telecasting and their bankruptcy trustees agreed to a purchase of the station for $1.8 million by Caballero Acquisition LLC, a station group mainly made up of low-power television stations in California and Texas formerly owned by Viacom which carry Viacom's MTV Tres network, most of which were purchased mainly to acquire the assets of former competitor Mas Musica, a network owned by a past company of those who own Cabellero. As Tres has full cable and satellite coverage throughout the Milwaukee market and the transfer of WeatherNation equipment was made in the FCC sale announcement however, Caballero is expected to maintain the WeatherNation affiliation for the time being, and also enter into a local marketing agreement to operate the station until the completion of the sale.

</doc>
<doc id="5907670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907670" title="BICOM">
BICOM

BICOM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5907681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907681" title="Aldo Castellani">
Aldo Castellani

Aldo Castellani (8 September 1877 – 3 October 1971) was an Italian pathologist and bacteriologist.
Life and achievements.
Castellani was born in Florence and educated there, qualifying in medicine in 1899. He worked for a time in Bonn and joined the School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in London in 1901. As bacteriologist with the Royal Society Commission on Sleeping Sickness in 1902, he went to Entebbe, Uganda with George Carmichael Low and Cuthbert Christy. He demonstrated the cause and means of transmission of sleeping sickness, discovered the spirochete of yaws, and did other original work in bacteriology and in parasitic diseases of the skin. In 1903 he was appointed Bacteriologist to the Government of Ceylon at the Central laboratory in Colombo and continued research in mycology and bacteriology, describing several new species of intestinal bacilli. He invented the absorption test for the serological identification of closely allied organisms. He left Ceylon in 1915 for Naples where he took the Chair of Medicine. He was involved during World War I in Serbia and Macedonia as a member of the Inter-Allied Sanitary Commission. 
In 1919 Castellani went to London as Consultant to the Ministry of Pensions. He became lecturer on mycology and mycotic diseases at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and established a consulting practice in Harley Street. He was knighted in 1928 as an Honorary Order of St Michael and St George and in 1934 his daughter Jacqueline married Sir Miles Lampson.
Castellani's enthusiasm for Royal and eminent patients such as Benito Mussolini clouded his reputation and during World War II he supported Italy against the Allies, becoming chief of the Italian Army's medical service. War correspondent Alaric Jacob discovered his looted quarters in Cirene in December 1941 and was tempted to pass his correspondence to his son in law Sir Miles Lampson, then British Ambassador in Egypt. 
Castellani was President of the International Society of Dermatology from 1960–1964, which he had founded in 1959. He was also professor of tropical medicine at the State University of Louisiana and also at the Royal University of Rome. He followed the Queen of Italy Marie José into exile in Portugal and ended his life as Professor at Lisbon's Institute of Tropical Medicine. Castellani died in 1971. Castellani's paint (Carbol fuchsin solution) is still occasionally used to treat fungal skin infections.

</doc>
<doc id="5907688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907688" title="Digital topology">
Digital topology

Digital topology deals with properties and features of two-dimensional (2D) or three-dimensional (3D) digital images
that correspond to topological properties (e.g., connectedness) or topological features (e.g., boundaries) of objects.
Concepts and results of digital topology are used to specify and justify important (low-level) image analysis algorithms, 
including algorithms for thinning, border or surface tracing, counting of components or tunnels, or region-filling.
History.
Digital topology was first studied in the late 1960s by the computer image analysis researcher Azriel Rosenfeld (1931–2004), whose publications on the subject played a major role in establishing and developing the field. The term "digital topology" was itself invented by Rosenfeld, who used it in a 1973 publication for the first time.
A related work called the grid cell topology appeared in Alexandrov-Hopf's book Topologie I (1935) can be considered as a link to classic combinatorial topology. Rosenfeld "et al." proposed digital connectivity such as 4-connectivity and 8-connectivity in two dimensions as well as 6-connectivity and 26-connectivity in three dimensions. The labeling method for inferring a connected component was studied in 1970s. T. Pavlidis (1982) suggested the use of graph-theoretic algorithms such as the depth-first search method for finding connected components. V. Kovalevsky (1989) extended Alexandrov-Hopf's 2D grid cell topology to three and higher dimensions. He also proposed (2008) a more general axiomatic theory of locally finite topological spaces and abstract cell complexes formerly suggested by Steinitz (1908). It is the Alexandrov topology. The book of 2008 contains new definitions of topological balls and spheres independent of a metric and numerous applications to digital image analysis.
In early 1980s, digital surfaces were studied. Morgenthaler and Rosenfeld (1981) gave a mathematical definition of surfaces in three-dimensional digital space. This definition contains a total of nine types of digital surfaces. The digital manifold was studied in 1990s. A recursive definition of the digital k-manifold was proposed intuitively by Chen and Zhang in 1993. Many applications were found in image processing and computer vision.
Basic results.
A basic (early) result in digital topology says that 2D binary images require the alternative use of 4- or 8-adjacency or "pixel connectivity" (for "object" or "non-object"
pixels) to ensure the basic topological duality of separation and connectedness. This alternative use corresponds to open or closed
sets in the 2D grid cell topology, and the result generalizes to 3D: the alternative use of 6- or 26-adjacency corresponds
to open or closed sets in the 3D grid cell topology. Grid cell topology also applies to multilevel (e.g., color) 2D or 3D images,
for example based on a total order of possible image values and applying a 'maximum-label rule' (see book by Klette and Rosenfeld, 2004).
Digital topology is highly related to combinatorial topology. The main differences between them are: (1) digital topology mainly studies digital objects that are formed by grid cells, and (2) digital topology also deals with non-Jordan manifolds.
A combinatorial manifold is a kind of manifold which is discretization of a manifold. It usually means a piecewise linear manifold made by simplicial complexes. A digital manifold is a special kind of combinatorial manifold which is defined in digital space i.e. grid cell space. 
A digital form of the Gauss–Bonnet theorem is: Let "M" be a closed digital 2D manifold in direct adjacency (i.e. a (6,26)-surface in 3D). 
The formula for genus is
where "M""i" indicates the set of surface-points each of which has "i" adjacent points on the surface (Chen and Rong, ICPR 2008).
If "M" is simply connected, i.e. "g" = 0, then "M"3 = 8 + "M"5 + 2"M"6. (See also Euler characteristic.)

</doc>
<doc id="5907691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907691" title="Ben Vrackie">
Ben Vrackie

Ben Vrackie (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn a' Bhreacaidh; sometimes anglicised as "Ben Y Vrackie") is a mountain in Perthshire, Scotland. It lies north of the town of Pitlochry and reaches 841 m (2759 feet) high at its summit. The summit may be reached easily by a direct path from Pitlochry or Killiecrankie, and commands views of Pitlochry and the surrounding glens.

</doc>
<doc id="5907700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907700" title="Journal of Early Christian Studies">
Journal of Early Christian Studies

The Journal of Early Christian Studies is an academic journal founded in 1993 and is the official publication of the North American Patristics Society. It is devoted to the study of patristics, that is Christianity in the ancient period of roughly C.E. 100-700. The current editor is David Brakke of Indiana University. The journal is published quarterly in March, June, September, and December by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Arts and Humanities Citation Index, Current Contents/Arts & Humanities, MLA International Bibliography, and the Social Sciences Citation Index (partial coverage).

</doc>
<doc id="5907705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907705" title="The Paul Lynde Show">
The Paul Lynde Show

The Paul Lynde Show is an American sitcom that aired on ABC. The series stars Paul Lynde and aired from September 13, 1972 to September 8, 1973.
Setting.
The series starred Lynde as Paul Simms, a general practice attorney and the father of a family that consisted of his wife Martha (Elizabeth Allen) and daughters Barbara (Jane Actman) and Sally (Pamelyn Ferdin). 
It also starred John Calvin as Barbara's husband, Howie Dickerson, an eccentric university student who was of genius intelligence (IQ 185) and was a whiz with everything and full of advice, but, inexplicably, he could not manage to hold down a job, and Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara as Howie's parents, Barney and Grace Dickerson. Howie's misadventures around the house and his lack of steady employment would drive his father in-law to distraction and would get him in a slow burn anger.
Critics perceived the show as derivative of "All in the Family," then television's most-popular primetime program. For his role in the series, Lynde was nominated for a Best Actor Golden Globe.
Reception.
Scheduled opposite the first half of the Top 30 hit "The Carol Burnett Show" on CBS and the Top 20 hit "Adam-12" on NBC, the series garnered low ratings and was canceled after one season (26 episodes). After the series ended, Lynde continued as center square on "The Hollywood Squares" until leaving the show in 1979.
Production.
The show was based on the play "Howie", about a lawyer, played by Lynde, whose daughter marries a slacker named Howard, or "Howie". The Lynde character despises him as he is not interested in earning money or traditional pursuits. "Howie" was later developed for CBS in 1962, as a replacement for "The Dick Van Dyke Show", but when that series was saved from cancellation, plans for "Howie" were discarded.
William Asher later resurrected the "Howie" concept for ABC and Screen Gems as a replacement for "Bewitched". Asher and then-wife Elizabeth Montgomery were contractually obligated to another season of "Bewitched" for ABC. Montgomery was not interested in continuing the series (as she and Asher were on the verge of divorcing), and "The Paul Lynde Show" was created to fulfill the contract. Lynde had appeared numerous times on "Bewitched" as "Uncle Arthur" character. Asher designed "The Paul Lynde Show" to be ABC's counterpart to CBS's "All In The Family"; however, the show lacked the controversial and topical issues brought up by "All In The Family", due to ABC's continued restriction on social issues at the time. This was despite Lynde's rewrite of the show's dialog in an effort to make the series more lively and comedic.
The show was filmed before a live audience, with a laugh track added during post-production.
The next season, Asher would cast Lynde as the male lead on his other show, "Temperatures Rising," which lasted until 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5907726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907726" title="Oru Kalluriyin Kathai">
Oru Kalluriyin Kathai

Oru Kalluriyin Kathai () is a 2005 Indian Tamil film written and directed by newcomer Nandha Periyasamy. It stars Arya and Sonia Agarwal in lead roles, whilst Santhanam, Mouli, Charlie, Charuhasan, Raja and Nizhalgal Ravi play significant roles. The film released in late 2005 and was deemed a success upon release. The film was later dubbed into Telugu and released as "College Days" in 2008.
Plot.
Satya (Arya) is told to meet five friends at their old college at Valentine's Day, when his dad comes in a van. Unfortunate Satya in coma. In a physcho test, conducted by doctor (Charuhasan), it turns out that he`s in love with Jothi (Sonia Agarwal) for five years, but never confesses it to her during college days. On the last day of college, his friends and he decided to meet there again after 5 years. But his friends are shocked to see him, his mind is not completely sound. What happen to Satya, does he become alright, and where does Jothi fit in all, this is what this movie is about..
Soundtrack.
The music, including film score and soundtrack, was composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The soundtrack released on 4 August 2005 and features 8 tracks with lyrics penned by Na. Muthukumar.

</doc>
<doc id="5907742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907742" title="Incahuasi">
Incahuasi

Incahuasi (Quechua Inkawasi or Inka Wasi, "inka" Inca, "wasi" house, "Inca house") is a volcanic mountain in the Andes of South America. It lies on the border of the Argentine province of Catamarca, and the Atacama Region of Chile. Incahuasi has a summit elevation of above sea level.
The volcano consists of a caldera and two stratovolcanoes. Four pyroclastic cones are located to the north-east and produced basalt-andesite lava flows that cover an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="5907750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907750" title="Galán">
Galán

Cerro Galán is a caldera in Catamarca Province, Argentina, considered to be the best exposed large caldera in the world. It was formed 2.2 million years ago when 1,050 km3 of material was erupted, producing ignimbrite deposits stretching up to 100 km away. The caldera was originally the site of a large lake, but resurgence of the eastern caldera floor has confined the salty Laguna Diamante to the caldera's western edge.

</doc>
<doc id="5907753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907753" title="Mafra National Palace">
Mafra National Palace

The Mafra National Palace is a monumental Baroque and Italianized Neoclassical palace-monastery located in Mafra, Portugal, some 28 kilometres from Lisbon. The palace, which also served as a Franciscan monastery, was built during the reign of King John V (1707–1750), in consequence of a vow made by the king in 1711, who promised to build a convent if his wife, the Queen Mary Anne of Austria, gave him descendants. The birth of his first daughter, the princess Barbara of Braganza, made the king initiate the construction of the palace. It was conveniently located for hunting in the nearby forests, and was usually a secondary residence for the royal family.
This vast complex is among the most sumptuous Baroque buildings in Portugal and one of the biggest buildings constructed in Europe in the 18th century. Designed by the German architect João Frederico Ludovice, the palace was built symmetrically from a central axis, occupied by the basilica, and continues lengthwise through the main façade until two major towers. The structures of the convent are located behind the main façade. The building also includes a major library, with about 40,000 rare books.
The basilica is decorated with several Italian statues and includes six historical pipe organs and two carillons, composed of 92 bells. At 40 000 m² it is one of the largest palaces in the world.
Construction.
The exact site was chosen in 1713 and purchased in 1716. Construction began by the laying of the first stone on November 17, 1717 with a grand ceremony in the presence of the king, his entire court and the Cardinal Patriarch of Lisbon.
Initially it was a relatively small project for a friary of 13 Capuchin friars, who were to observe strict poverty. However, when the flow of gold from the Portuguese colony of Brazil started to arrive in Lisbon in abundance, the king changed his plans and announced the construction of a sumptuous palace along with a much enlarged friary. This immense wealth allowed to king to be a generous patron of arts.
He appointed a German goldsmith Johann Friedrich Ludwig (called by the Portuguese : João Frederico Ludovice) as his architect. Ludwig had studied architecture in Rome and knew contemporary Italian art. The extent of Ludwig's responsibility is unclear, as several other architects were involved in this project: the Milanese builder Carlos Baptista Garbo, Custódio Vieira, Manuel da Maia and even his own son António. However the application of the same architectural style over the whole building suggests the work of Ludwig as the head-architect in charge of the Royal Office of Works ("Real Obra").
Construction lasted 13 years and mobilized a vast army of workers from the entire country (a daily average of 15,000 but at the end climbing to 30,000 and a maximum of 45,000), under the command of António Ludovice, the son of the architect. In addition 7,000 soldiers were assigned to preserve order at the construction site. They used 400 kg of gunpowder to blast through the bedrock for the laying of foundations. There was even a hospital for the sick or wounded workers. A total of 1,383 workers died during the construction.
The facade is 220 meters long. The whole complex covers 37,790 m² with about 1,200 rooms, more than 4,700 doors and windows, and 156 stairways.
When complete the building consisted of a friary capable of sheltering 330 friars, along with a royal palace and a huge library of 40,000 books, embellished with marble, exotic woods and countless artworks taken from France, Flanders and Italy, which included six monumental pipe organs and the two carillons.
The basilica and the convent were inaugurated on the day of the King's 41st birthday on October 22, 1730. The festivities lasted for 8 days and were of a scale never seen before in Portugal. The basilica was dedicated to Our Lady and to St. Anthony.
However the building was not finished. The lantern on the cupola was completed in 1735. Work continued till 1755, when the work force was needed in Lisbon by the devastations of the Lisbon earthquake.
History.
The palace was not occupied permanently by the royalty, who considered the rooms too gloomy. Nonetheless, it was a popular destination for the members of the royal family who enjoyed hunting in the nearby game preserve, the "Tapada Nacional de Mafra". During the reign of king John VI the palace was inhabited for a whole year in 1807. The king was responsible for a partial renovation of the building by some well-known artists. However, with the French invasion of Portugal, in 1807, the royal family fled to Brazil, taking with them some of the best pieces of art and furniture in the building. Marshall Junot took up residence in the palace, to be driven out in turn by Wellington.
In 1834, after the Liberal Wars, Queen Maria II ordered the dissolution of the religious orders and the convent was abandoned by the Franciscans. During the last reigns of the House of Braganza, the palace was mainly used as a base for hunting. In 1849 the monastery part of the building was assigned to the military, a situation still in use today.
The last king of Portugal, Manuel II, following the proclamation of the republic, left on 5 October 1910 from the palace to the nearby coastal village of Ericeira on his way to exile. The palace was declared a national monument in 1907. At present, the building is conserved by the Portuguese Institute of the Architectonic Patrimony, which carried out several recovery programs, including the conservation of the main façade. A major restoration of the historical pipe organs began in the 1990s with the collaboration of foreign experts.
Description.
Façade.
The imposing façade, built of local limestone, is 220 m long and faces the town of Mafra. At each end of the façade stands a square tower with a bulbous dome, such as found in Central Europe. The church, built in white marble, is located in the centre of the main façade, symmetrically flanked on both sides by the royal palace.
The king, wishing to rival the splendour of Rome, had sought architectural advice from his ambassador to the Vatican, who sent him small-scale models of important Roman religious buildings. The benedictial balcony at its centre is clearly mirrored on the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. But this balcony is rather intended for the king, as a symbol of his power, than for the benedictions by a prelate.
The two church towers (68 m high) are inspired by the towers of Sant'Agnese in Agone (by the Roman Baroque architect Francesco Borromini). Their two carillons contain a total of 92 church bells, founded in Antwerp. The story goes that the Flemish bell-founders were so astonished by the size of their commission, that they asked to be paid in advance. The king retorted by doubling the offered amount. These carillons constitute the largest historical collection in the world.
The two towers are connected by two rows of Corinthian columns. The top row contains the statues of St. Dominic and St. Francis, sculpted out of Carrara marble, standing in a niche on each side of the balcony. The lower row contains the statues of St. Anne and St. Elisabeth of Hungary.
Basilica.
The church is built in the form of a Latin cross with a length of 63 m. It is rather narrow (16.5 m), an impression accentuated by the height of its nave (21.5 m). The vestibule (Galilee porch) contains a group of large sculptures in Carrara marble, representing the patron saints of several monastic orders.
The interior makes abundantly use of local rose-coloured marble, intermingled with white marble in different patterns. The multi-coloured designs of the floor are repeated on the ceiling. The barrel vault rests on fluted Corinthian semicolumns standing between the side chapels. The chapels in the transept contain altarpieces in jasper made by sculptors from the School of Mafra. The side aisles display 58 marble statues commissioned from the best Roman sculptors of their time. The All Saint's chapel in the transept is screened from the crossing by iron railings with bronze ornaments, made in Antwerp.
The choir has a magnificent giant candleholder with seven lamps sprouting from the mouth of seven rolled-up snakes. Above the main altar, inserting into the ceiling, is a gigantic jasper crucifix of 4.2 m, flanked by two kneeling angels, made by the School of Mafra. The cupola over the crossing was also inspired by the cupola of Sant'Agnese in Agone (by the Roman Baroque architect Francesco Borromini). This 70 m-high cupola with a small lantern atop, is carried by four finely sculpted arcs in rose and white marble.
There are six organs, four of which are located in the transept, constituting a rather uncommon ensemble. There were built by Joaquim Peres Fontanes and António Xavier Machado Cerveira between 1792 and 1807 (when the French troops occupied Mafra). They were made out of partially gilded Brazilian wood. The largest pipe is 6 m high and has a diameter of 0.28 m. King John V had commissioned liturgical vestments from master embroiderers from Genoa and Milan, such as Giuliano Saturni and Benedetto Salandri, and from France. They attest of superb quality and workmanship by their embroidering in gold technique and the use of silk thread in the same colour.
The religious paintings in the basilica and the convent constitute one of the most significant 18th century collections in Portugal. They include works by the Italians Agostino Masucci, Corrado Giaquinto, Francesco Trevisani, Pompeo Batoni and some Portuguese students in Rome such as Vieira Lusitano and Inácio de Oliveira Bernardes. The sculpture collection has works by almost every major Roman sculpturer from the first half of the 18th century. At that time, it represented the biggest single order done by a foreign power in Rome and still is amongst one of the biggest collections in existence.
Monastery.
The rectangle behind the church and the palace houses the monastery of the Franciscan monks of Arrábida Order ("Ordem de São Francisco da Província da Arrábida") with cells for about 300 friars in long corridors on several floors. Between 1771 and 1791 this monastery was occupied by the Hermit Friars of St. Augustine.
Royal Palace.
The spacious royal apartments are situated on the second floor. The apartments of the king are situated at the end of the palace while the apartment of the queen is 200 m away at the other end. Such was this distance that, when the king left his apartment towards the apartment of the queen, this was announced to the queen by the sound of a trumpet.
As king John VI had taken with him some of the best pieces of art and furniture in the building when the royal family fled in 1808 for the advancing French troops to Brazil, most rooms had to be redecorated in the original style. The Hunting trophy room ("Sala dos Troféus") is decorated with numerous skulls of deer, the furniture is constructed of antlers and covered with deerskin and even the candleholders are made of deer antlers.
The Benediction Gallery ("Sala da Benção") borders at the upper level of the basilica. The royal family could here attend Mass, seated at a window opening unto the basilica. The bust of John V in this hall is a work of the Italian Alessandro Giusti. The Throne Room, the Guard Room and the Room of Goddess Diana are decorated with murals by artist such as Ciryllo Wolkmar Machado, Bernardo Oliveira Góis and Vieira Lusitano.
Library.
The Rococo library, situated at the back of the second floor, is truly the highlight of this palace, rivalling the grandeur of the library of the Melk Abbey in Austria. Built by Manuel Caetano de Sousa, this library is 88 m long, 9.5 m wide and 13 m high. The magnificent floor is covered with tiles of rose, grey and white marble. The wooden bookshelves in Rococo style are situated on the sidewalls in two rows, separated by a balcony with a wooden railing. They contain over 35,000 leather-bound volumes, attesting of the extent of western knowledge from the 14th to the 19th century. Among them, are many valuable bibliographical jewels, such as incunabula. These beautiful finished volumes were bound in the local workshop ("Livraria") in the "rocaille" style (also by Manuel Caetano de Sousa).
The Library was used in "Gulliver's Travels" (1996) as the Great Chamber of War for the Emperor of Lilliput.
Appearances in literature.
A major reference to the construction of the palace is made in the book "Baltasar and Blimunda" ("Memorial do Convento"), written by the Portuguese Nobel laureate José Saramago. The main character, Baltasar, born in Mafra, works in the construction of the palace. Saramago makes a detailed description of the building process, including the transport of a giant stone from the quarry to the building site, depicting it as a torture for those who helped building the palace.
Mafra School of Sculpture.
The Mafra School of Sculpture was founded during the reign of king Joseph I of Portugal, successor of king John V. As the Mafra National Palace had a great need for sculptors, local and from abroad, it became the location of a sculpture academy headed by the Italian Alessandro Giusti (1715–1799). Among the teachers were several important sculptors, such as José de Almeida (1709–1769), Claude de Laprade (1682–1738) and Giovanni Antonio da Padova (who created most of the statues for the cathedral of Évora). The academy was awarded many commissions by the Augustinians from the monastery, resulting in the many marble statues and retables in marble and jasper in the basilica. This academy produced several generations of Portuguese sculptors, such as Joaquim Machado de Castro (1731–1822).

</doc>
<doc id="5907755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907755" title="Tele 5">
Tele 5

Tele 5 is a commercial television channel in Germany. The channel is largely known for showing classic American films and series and Japanese Anime.
Tele 5 broadcasts from the Astra 1H, 1KR and 1L satellites and is uplinked by SES Platform Services.
The original Tele 5.
The first Tele 5 was a direct successor to Germany's first music channel called "Musicbox". It broadcast from 11 January 1988 to 31 December 1992. A show also named "Musicbox" was part of the regular program schedule. After that the frequency was used by DSF (Deutsches Sportfernsehen, "German Sport Television"). Many TV shows that are considered cult today (older Anime (Saber Rider, Queen Millennia, Captain Future, Anne of Green Gables, etc.), 80s and 90s US sitcoms, animation and movies) ran on Tele 5.
Bim Bam Bino.
"Bim Bam Bino" was the name of a show for children, with TV shows for children and teens. A plush mouse called Bino served as "announcer" between the different TV series.
At the time, most of the other channels had a few weekly or daily series for children. Some channels had "double features" with two shorter shows running "back to back". With its "Bim Bam Bino" Tele 5 was the only channel that had a big program block for children and teens. Only a few hours at first, later the entire afternoons and early evenings. At the time the channel went off air, "Bim Bam Bino" made up the biggest part of Tele 5's program and ran from about 9am to 6 or 7pm.
The new Tele 5.
In April 2002, the company "Tele München Gruppe" recontinued the channel. When it was announced that "Tele 5 comes back" a few months prior to the relaunch of the channel, many fans of the original Tele 5 hoped to see their beloved TV shows again. Most of the cult shows of the original Tele 5 hadn't been seen on German TV since the original channel closed in 1992. However, most of those hopes were dashed.
Tele 5 Austria.
Since 1 May 2012 Tele 5 Austria goes on air. It broadcasts the same program as Tele 5 Germany, only the advertisements are adjusted for the Austrian viewers. After the advertisements Tele 5 broadcasts program notes of the Austrian channel ATV. The marketing of the ads are in a cooperation with ATV, too.
Tele 5 in High Definition.
Since 19 October 2011 Tele 5 broadcasts in HD via the SES-Astra service HD+. Like the other channels, which are broadcast in HD, the normal SD-program is upscaled for Tele 5 HD. Customers of Vodafone and Telekom Entertain can receive Tele 5 HD, too.

</doc>
<doc id="5907761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907761" title="Evergreen (band)">
Evergreen (band)

Evergreen was a Southern California underground post-punk band from the early-to-mid-1990s
They had several releases over their lifespan, including two 7"s, a split 7" with Los Angeles hardcore/screamo band Still Life, and a much sought 12", most of which was released on Anomaly Records. They still have a 7" out on San Diego's Gravity Records. They are notorious amongst record collectors due to the rarity of the "Seven Songs" LP (Anomaly Records).
Band members include Aaron Calvert (cousin of Todd Calvert, drummer/percussionist of Gertie Fox) on guitar (now in Winfred E. Eye), Andy Ward on bass (also of Antioch Arrow), and Jason Boesel on drums (now in Rilo Kiley).

</doc>
<doc id="5907769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907769" title="McFadyen–Stevens reaction">
McFadyen–Stevens reaction

The McFadyen–Stevens reaction is a chemical reaction best described as a base-catalyzed thermal decomposition of acylsulfonylhydrazides to aldehydes.
Dudman "et al." have developed an alternative hydrazide reagent.
Reaction mechanism.
The mechanism of the McFadyen–Stevens reaction is still under investigation. Two groups have independently proposed a heterolytic fragmentation mechanism. The mechanism involves the deprotonation of the acyl sulfonamide followed by a 1,2-proton migration to give the alkoxide (3). The collapse of the alkoxide results in the fragmentation producing the desired aldehyde (4), nitrogen gas, and an aryl sulfinate ion (5).
Martin "et al." have proposed a different mechanism involving an acyl nitrene.

</doc>
<doc id="5907779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907779" title="Arturo Castiglioni">
Arturo Castiglioni

Arturo Castiglioni (10 April 1874, Trieste – 21 January 1953, Milano) was an Italian-born American medical historian and university professor.
Biography.
Castiglioni grew up in Trieste, Italy. In 1939, he emigrated to the States and became a professor at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. His brother was Camillo Castiglioni, an Italian-Austrian banker. Castiglioni was a member of the International Society for the History of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="5907809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907809" title="Operation Sidewinder (disambiguation)">
Operation Sidewinder (disambiguation)

Operation Sidewinder can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5907815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907815" title="The Summer (ATB song)">
The Summer (ATB song)

"The Summer" is a single released by ATB from his album "Two Worlds".

</doc>
<doc id="5907816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907816" title="Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu">
Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu

Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu (English: "Hunt and Play") is a 2006 Tamil crime-thriller film written and directed by Gautham Menon. Starring Kamal Haasan, Jyothika, Kamalinee Mukherjee, Prakash Raj and Daniel Balaji in prominent roles, the film features music composed by Harris Jayaraj. It was one of the first Indian films to make use of Super 35mm technology.
The film was dubbed in Telugu as "Raghavan" and released on 17 August 2007 to positive reviews. In 2012, reports stated that Menon would direct the film's Bollywood remake, but these were later dismissed. It was dubbed in Hindi as "The Smart Hunt".
Plot.
The film starts with a girl named Rani, the daughter of former high ranking Chennai police officer Arokyaraj (Prakash Raj), talking to her father over the phone saying that she will back home in 20 minutes. As she leaves the telephone booth, she is approached by someone who starts a conversation with her. The screen then cuts to black and we find out that Rani does not come home. The following morning Arokyaraj finds a finger hanging at his door. Police reports confirm that it is his daughter Rani's finger. He calls Raghavan (Kamal Hassan), his old friend, for investigation. Raghavan handles the case and they eventually find the body of Rani in a forest in the city outskirts. The doctor's report states that Rani's body was bisected by the killer with a surgical knife, proving that the murderer has a strong medical background. Following the trauma of losing their only daughter, Arokyaraj and his wife move to New York.
After a week Raghavan finds out that Mr. & Mrs. Arokyaraj have been murdered in New York. This creates a link between the Chennai police and the New York Police Department. Raghavan leaves for New York to represent the Indian police. On the flight, he thinks about his dead wife Kayalvizhi (Kamalini Mukherjee) who was murdered by the mob because he stood in their way. Raghavan still cannot forgive himself for his wife's death. He reaches New York and starts his investigation with NYPD detective Anderson (Lev Gorn).
Raghavan stays in a hotel in downtown New York where he constantly keeps his superiors in Chennai updated on the New York investigation. Staying next to his room is Aradhana (Jyothika). He immediately notices that she is going through a rough time in her life. One night, he gets suspicious on what she is up to and breaks into her room, only to find her attempting suicide by chocking herself. Raghavan saves her life and the two strike a friendship. Aradhana reveals that her violent husband is filing for divorce after cheating on her.
Raghavan and Anderson start the investigation. They find a connection between the murder of the Arokyaraj's and an Indian-American girl, Chandana, whose finger was also was found hung in her boyfriend's car. With much difficulty, they find the body of Chandana and three more American girls. They suspect two Indian medical students studying in New York - Amudhan (Daniel Balaji) and Ilamaaran (Salim Baigg). Raghavan and Anderson try to get into their room where Ilamaaran shoots Anderson. Amudhan tells Raghavan that he misbehaved with Rani and Rani told that to her father Arokyaraj. Arokyaraj had kept him in the police station for a night and tortured him and so he wanted to kill her whole family. Then they both escape from there.
Raghavan is admitted in the hospital. Aradhana takes care of him. Raghavan and Aradhana return to India. There Raghavan tells Aradhana that he has fallen in love with her, but she is not ready for another life and she has to take care of her 11-month old daughter Maya.
The rest of the film goes with how they kill Amudhan and Illamaran, who have evaded Mumbai police at Chhatrapathi Shivaji International Airport and have entered India. Raghavan announces in the media that they are wanted and a cash reward. They enter chennai from kozhikode via air and see Aradhana with Raghavan. Ilamaran wants aradhana, no matter what and Amudhan kidnaps her that same night while Ilamaran tries to get into Raghavan's house and flees. he is chased and caught by Raghavan. At the climax Raghavan kills both and Aradhana accepts his love and they both marry and decide to have Maya as their only daughter.
Production.
Gautham Menon was signed on to direct a venture starring Kamal Haasan and produced by Kaja Mohideen, and initially suggested a one-line story which went on to become "Pachaikili Muthucharam" for the collaboration. Kamal Haasan wanted a different story and thus the investigative thriller film, "Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu", was written with Jyothika, Kamalinee Mukerji, Prakash Raj, Daniel Balaji and Saleem Baig added to the cast. As per Menon's usual method for picking a title, he asked his associates for suggestions, which included the title of "Thadayaara Thaaka", which was later used for another film. The film told another episode from a police officer's life, with an Indian cop moved to America to investigate the case of psychotic serial killers before returning to pursue the chase in India. During the shooting, the unit ran into problems after the producer had attempted suicide and as a result, Kamal Haasan wanted to quit the project. Menon subsequently convinced him to stay on as they had taken advance payments. He has since revealed that unlike Kamal Haasan's other films, he did not take particular control of the script or production of the film. The film however had gone through change from the original script with less emphasis on the antagonists than Menon had hoped and he also revealed that scenes for songs were forced him and shot without him. Actresses Rohini and Andrea Jeremiah dubbed for the voices of female leads Jyothika and Kamalinee Mukherjee respectively.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film consists of 5 songs composed by Harris Jayaraj, and written by Thamarai.
Telugu Tracklist.
The film was dubbed in Telugu as "Raghavan". All Lyrics are penned by Veturi Sundararama Murthy.
Critical response.
"Behindwoods" wrote a positive review, stating: "The album has not let down expectations. It is the usual mix by Harris. However, Bombay Jeyashree’s contribution and the beautiful lyrics by poetess Thamarai are the greatest assets to the album. Harris once again proves his mastery in orchestration and the audio will surely be a hit like "Minnale" or "Kaakha Kaakha"."
"Rediff" said, "The most disappointing part is the music. Mr Harris Jayaraj, what has happened to you? The music, which could have taken the movie to a different level, is so loud that it seriously hinders the story flow."
Release.
Reception.
The film garnered largely positive reviews from critics. National Award winning crtic Baradwaj Rangan summarised it in his review: "The story of a police investigation is detailed in a smart, grown-up movie that gets most things right." He praised the film for "giving us a sense of a day in the life of a cop, as if an invisible crew followed him around as he went about his job." He lavished heavy praise on Gautham Menon for mature handling of the relationship between the lead pair, saying, "Gautham continues to dream up for Jyotika parts that no one's imagined her in before, and she contributes to the kind of mature romantic angle we’ve rarely seen before. It’s not just about boy meeting girl and falling in love; it's about boy with baggage meeting girl with bigger baggage and tentatively exploring the practicality of a new relationship after their respective old ones have faded away." "Behindwoods" said, "It is definitely a triumph of sorts for Gautham and Manickam Narayanan, who have gone through innumerable hitches in getting the movie released. Enjoy!!" "Rediff" gave it 3.5/5, saying "In his best performance in recent times, Kamal portrays the character with believable honesty and charm." Sify stated that "what gives you goose flesh is the finely calibrated performance of Kamal as DCP Raghavan. You just can’t take your eyes off him as he laces his portrayal with dignity, grace and dry wit."
Box office.
"Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu", made on a budget of , collected totally worldwide. "Behindwoods" declared the film a "blockbuster".
This was the first Tamil film to be released in 16 theatres in Chennai city alone and changed the trend of film release.

</doc>
<doc id="5907819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907819" title="Tesco Clubcard">
Tesco Clubcard

Tesco Clubcard is the loyalty card of leading British supermarket chain Tesco. The Clubcard scheme operates in the UK, Ireland, Hungary, Poland and several other countries, and in the UK market in particular has been highly successful, with over 15 million members as of 2010.
History.
In 1993 Terry Leahy asked the Tesco Marketing team to investigate the potential of loyalty cards. In the past Tesco had run Green Shield Stamps as a promotional tool which rewarded people for visits and spend but gained no customer information. The initial team led by Grant Harrison, researched programmes across the world and developed a proposal which showed that a loyalty card could be very effective. The key change since the days of Green Shield Stamps was the ability to cost effectively track individual customer behaviour using a magnetic stripe card. In 1994 Harrison attended a conference where Clive Humby from marketing firm dunnhumby was speaking. Dunnhumby was already working with clients such as Cable & Wireless and BMW, and Harrison approached them to help with the loyalty card project. Successful trials throughout 1994 led to the Tesco board asking Harrison and Humby to present to the annual Board strategy session. The first response from the board came from Tesco's then-Chairman Lord MacLaurin, who said "What scares me about this is that you know more about my customers after three months than I know after 30 years."
David Sainsbury, then chairman of J Sainsbury plc, rejected the idea of introducing a similar scheme. However, the effect that Clubcard had on Sainsbury's sales led to the reversal of that decision, with the launch of the Sainsbury's Reward Card in June 1996.
After two slight amendments to the design of cards in the 1990s by Evans Hunt Scott's creative team, the scheme had a major relaunch in 2005 with all members being sent personalised cards and key fobs which could be scanned at the checkout, rather than swiped. The scheme was again relaunched in 2008 with all seven million members once again being sent new design cards and key fobs. 
The Tesco Clubcard scheme was introduced into the Republic of Ireland almost immediately after Tesco's acquisition of Power Supermarkets Limited (now Tesco Ireland), and operates in similar fashion. It is an extension of the UK scheme, not a separate scheme, so Irish Clubcards can be used in UK stores.
In 2007, Tesco Clubcard was first introduced in all Tesco Extra stores in Malaysia and later in all store formats. In Malaysia, every two Ringgit spent earn 1 Clubcard point. Within two weeks of the launch of Clubcard in all Tesco stores in Malaysia, there were over 800,000 applications.
The Tesco Clubcard scheme was introduced into Polish Tesco Stores in 2008, and SR Slovakia at the end of 2009. As of September 2010, these markets have 1.5m and 850,000 cardholders respectively. Though operating in a similar fashion to the UK scheme it is independent, so Irish and British Clubcards can not be used in Slovak stores. In Slovakia every one euro spent is 1 Clubcard point (excluding petrol). Clubcard was launched in the Czech Republic and Hungary in August and September 2010.
Benefits.
When shopping at Tesco or using Tesco services (such as services from Tesco Finance), Clubcard holders receive one point for every £1 (1 point for every €1 in Ireland) they spend. Holders can also get extra points on special offers and receive one "Green Clubcard Point" for every carrier bag they re-use (England and Scotland only), as part of Tesco's green initiative. These points are stored and built up and at least four times a year (there are sometimes "surprise mailings") the holder receives a statement and vouchers to the value of points they have saved. (They have to have saved at least 150 points to receive a voucher). Vouchers can be spent instore on shopping, online on grocery home shopping or direct, or used on Clubcard Rewards where they can be worth three times their face value on selected Rewards in the U.K and up to four times their face value in Ireland. These can be used to obtain discounted day trips, magazines, hotel breaks, restaurant tokens and other offers. 
As part of the Clubcard 2 launch, it was announced that, from 17 August 2009, all instore and online purchases would attract double points (2 points per £1). Reports indicate that this initiative was successful in increasing the number of active cardholders from 14 million to 15 million in the market year 2009/10. However, this reverted to 1 point for £1 spent at the end of 2011.
Tesco Bank credit cards originally acted also as Clubcards, collecting points from purchases in Tesco stores and on-line. From May 2010, however, they also collected one additional point for every £4 spent on credit card purchases from any outlet. In May 2012 this was extended to one point for every £2.
From the beginning of 2014 (the actual date varied between outlets), Tesco Clubcard holders can collect points from Esso fuel stations, at a rate of one point for each £5 spent. 
Clubcard holders are also entitled to free access to the Clubcard clubs which include: baby and toddler club. There is also a facility to save vouchers to be sent near Christmas, similar to a Christmas savings scheme.
Green Clubcard points.
Green Clubcard points are earned when customers re-use bags when shopping in store (one point per bag, except Wales and Northern Ireland), or opt out of receiving bagged products when shopping online (one point per ten items delivered). They can also be earned by recycling a limited number of products, currently mobile phones and ink cartridges, through Tesco-branded recycling services. Once earned, Green Clubcard points are equal in value to normal points, but are listed separately on receipts and Clubcard statements.
Clubcard Boost.
Formerly know as the 'Double Up', then relaunched as the 'The Clubcard Voucher Exchange'. The Clubcard Boost is the new name for Clubcard Rewards and the Clubcard Voucher Exchange; it was launched in 2013. The Clubcard Boost in-stores works the same way as the previous schemes (for every £5 in Clubcard Vouchers, customers receive £10 in Clubcard Boost tokens. As with previous schemes there are only selected departments included: Baby & Toddler - including Nappies & Wipes, Cosmetics & Fragrance, Clothing, Opticians, and Cook, Home & Dine. It has been said that extra Seasonal departments will be added at Christmas and Summer events. Another change to the scheme is that it now runs all year round the current departments are valid up to and including 31 December 2013, Boost tokens are then valid for 6 months after the date they are issued.
Customers can still 'boost' their Clubcard vouchers to use for days out, restaurants and holidays by going to the Clubcard website. Examples of available brands are Monarch Airlines scheduled flights, Hungry Horse restaurants and Merlin Attractions.
Clubcard Fuel Save.
On March 12 2014, Tesco launched a new money saving offer for fuel. The Tesco Fuel Save means customers can earn up to 20p off every litre of fuel. For every £50 spent in Tesco Stores or Tesco.com, customers receive 2p off every litre of fuel. There are no vouchers given out to customers it is all stored on the Clubcard. The scheme is accumulative, meaning you do not have to spend £50 all at once (i.e you can spend £40 in an Extra store and £10 in a Metro store to earn your 2p off). Every penny that is spent in any Tesco format (Express, Metro, Superstore, Extra, Homeplus or .com) counts towards the £50 spend. Customers can then spend the Fuel Save savings in any Tesco Petrol Filling Station. Savings are valid until the end of the following calendar month after being earnt. Unlike Tesco petrol vouchers the Fuel Save savings can be used at the PayatPump. Exclusions from the £50 spend include: Tobacco, Lottery, Gift Cards, Baby Formula Milk and Fuel.
Services.
Services that take part in the Clubcard scheme:
Privacy concerns.
Some Clubcard users have concerns about the information Tesco and dunnhumby hold and what they do with it. Every time a Clubcard is used, a copy of the store shopped in, products purchased and price paid are stored against the Clubcard account. Applicants are asked to provide personal details such as name, address and children. Tesco have stated that this is to help them pick vouchers that are relevant to the holder and also monitor trends to help product availability.
Mobile phone applications.
Tesco have recently launched both an iPhone, BlackBerry, Android (operating system) and a Nokia Ovi applications so points can be collected by presenting a barcode on the handset instead of a keyfob or card. This application may in future offer more functionality including point balances and possibly special offers. An unofficial Android application is also available.
ClubcardTV.
Tesco announced in February 2013 that they will be launching their own TV and film on-demand service. The service will be free to Tesco customers, with no charges, subscription or contract. 

</doc>
<doc id="5907841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907841" title="Leo Belgicus">
Leo Belgicus

Leo Belgicus, Latin for "Belgic Lion", is both a heraldic device and was a popular design of map of the Low Countries (the current day Netherlands, Luxembourg and Belgium) drawn in the shape of a lion.
History.
The earliest Leo Belgicus was drawn by the Austrian cartographer Michael Aitzinger in 1583, when the Netherlands were fighting the Eighty Years' War for independence. The motif was inspired by the heraldic figure of the lion, occurring in the coats of arms of several of the Netherlands, namely: Brabant, Flanders, Frisia, Guelders, Hainout, Holland, Limburg, Luxembourg and Zeeland, as well as in those of William of Orange.
Aitzinger's map was the first of many. There were three different designs. In the most common one, the lion's head was located in the northeast of the country and the tail in the southeast. The most famous version is that of Claes Janszoon Visscher, which was published in 1609 on the occasion of the Twelve Years' Truce. A less common design reversed the position of the lion, as shown in the "Leo Belgicus" by Jodocus Hondius.
The third version was published in the later stages of the war, and after the independence of the Dutch Republic was confirmed in the Peace of Westphalia (1648). It is called the "Leo Hollandicus", the Holland Lion, and shows only the province of Holland. One of the earliest versions was published by Visscher around 1625.
Note on the name ""Leo Belgicus"".
Although the name "Belgica" is now reserved for the Southern Netherlands ("Belgium"), before the division of the Low Countries into a southern and a northern half in the 16th century, the name referred to the entire Low Countries, and was the usual Latin translation of "the Netherlands" (which name then covered the current territory of the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Belgium and a small part of northern France). For example, several contemporary maps of the Dutch Republic, which consisted of the Northern Netherlands, and therefore has almost no intersection with the country of Belgium, show the Latin title "Belgium Foederatum".

</doc>
<doc id="5907856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907856" title="Respiration organ">
Respiration organ

Respiratory organs (or breathing organs) are used by most, or all, animals to exchange the gases necessary for their life function known as respiration. These organs come in many forms, some of them apparently having independently evolved:
Human Respiratory organs
1. Nostrils and nasal cavity
2. Nasopharynx
3. Larynx
4. Trachea
5. Bronchus
6.Lungs 
7.Diphagram

</doc>
<doc id="5907858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907858" title="Darrell Young">
Darrell Young

Darrell Young (b. May 7, 1966 in Clackamas, Oregon U.S.) is a former American "Old School" professional Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1981–1988 and 1991 to 1994.
Racing career milestones.
Note: Professional first are on the national level unless otherwise indicated.
Started racing: In June 1979 at the age of 13 at the Y-BMX track, in Gladstone, Oregon As it happens with many BMX racers a friend, Tim Murnane, talked him into racing.
Sanctioning body:
First race result: First Place 13 novice.
First win (local): See above.
First sponsor: Bob's Bike Shop.
First National race result: First place in 13 Expert in the 1979 American Bicycle Association (ABA) Fall nationals in Tacoma, Washington. He also won 11-13 Trophy Dash and a third in Open Class.
First National win: See above -->
Turned professional: June 1984 at age 18.
First Professional race result: He first raced a local track summer Series and emerged undefeated. In his first Professional national he came in first place in "A" Pro at the American Bicycle Association (ABA) Mile High Nationals in Denver, Colorado on July 1, 1984. He won US$240. This is equivalent to US$475.15 in 2007 dollars.Cost of living Calculator
First Professional win: See above.
First Junior Pro* win: See above.
First Senior Pro** race result: Eighth place in "AA" Pro at the ABA Lumberjack Nationals in Clackamas, Oregon on August 25, 1985. He won US$30. (US$59.39 2007)
First Senior Pro win: In "A" pro at the NBL National in Fort Wayne, Indiana on July 16, 1988 Due to injuries and sponsorship troubles it took approximately two years, ten months, and three weeks to get his first senior pro win.
Retired:
Height & weight at height of career (1990): Ht: Wt:lbs.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are used.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial/Department, Regional, National, and International titles in "italics". "Defunct" refers to the fact of that sanctioning body in question no longer existing at the start of the racer's career or at that stage of his/her career. Depending on point totals of individual racers, winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles. Series and one off Championships are also listed in block.
Amateur.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Professional.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Pro Series Championships
BMX magazine covers.
Bicycle Motocross News:
Minicycle/BMX Action & Super BMX:
Bicycle Motocross Action & Go:
BMX Plus!:
Total BMX:
Bicycles and Dirt:
Snap BMX Magazine & Transworld BMX:
NBA World & NBmx World (The NBA/NBmxA official membership publication):
Bicycles Today & BMX Today (The NBL official membership publication under two names):
ABA Action, American BMXers, BMXer (The ABA official membership publication under three names):
USBA Racer (The official USBA membership publication):

</doc>
<doc id="5907861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907861" title="Future Electronics">
Future Electronics

Future Electronics Inc. is a distributor of electronic and electro-mechanical components headquartered in Pointe-Claire, Quebec. Founded in 1968 by reclusive billionaire Robert Miller, the company is one of Quebec's largest privately owned companies and is currently the fourth largest electronics distributor in the world. It operates in 169 locations in 42 countries in the Americas, Europe and Asia.
Future Electronics also operates an Advanced Engineering Group of field applications engineers in several countries to assist circuit design engineers with product selection and engineering support.
The company had in the past separated its operations into two complementary businesses, Future Global for large customers and Future Active/Industrial (FAI) for small to mid-sized customers. In 2008, Future Global and FAI were combined into a single operation.
In 2006 its estimated annual sales were over CAD $4.5 billion.
1999 police raid.
In 1999, Future's Montreal offices were raided by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police following a three-year investigation by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation into allegations that the company had overcharged American customers, including Motorola and Texas Instruments, by as much as $100 million. Future denied all charges and Miller called the raid an "unfounded assault on our integrity." A year after the raid, a Quebec appeals court ruled that the RCMP warrant was invalid because it had been issued based on allegations made by former employees who had failed to take an oath of truthfulness. Shortly thereafter, all documentation seized in the 1999 raid was returned to Future and disallowed in any legal proceedings.
In 2002 the Office of the US Attorney in Dallas, Texas abruptly announced that the investigation had been closed and that no charges would be filed. Neither the US Attorney's office nor the alleged victims of the scheme would publicly comment on that case.

</doc>
<doc id="5907863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907863" title="WWRS-TV">
WWRS-TV

WWRS-TV, virtual channel 52 (UHF digital channel 43), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station serving Milwaukee and Madison, Wisconsin, United States that is licensed to Mayville. The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. WWRS maintains studio facilities and offices located on North Barker Road in Brookfield, and its transmitter is located in Hubbard. The station's signal covers much of southeastern and south-central Wisconsin, along with extended cable coverage throughout the area.
History.
The station was formerly owned by National Minority Television, a division of TBN that was used by the network to circumvent the Federal Communications Commission's television station ownership restrictions. While TBN founder Paul Crouch was NMTV's president, one of its directors was African American and the other was Latino, which met the FCC's definition of a "minority-controlled" firm. In mid-2008, the station and its NMTV sisters came directly under the TBN banner.
Like most TBN stations, WWRS simulcasts the TBN national feed for most of the day. TBN typically buys full-power stations mainly to get must-carry status on area cable systems, even though it offers almost no locally produced programming. However, WWRS airs FCC-required public affairs programming ("Public Report") from its Brookfield studios, with a nominal presence retained in at the station's transmitting facility and former main studio in Iron Ridge. The station also airs church services from throughout the area, usually on Friday morning.
Charter Communications, the dominant cable provider in the Madison area, and several communities in the Milwaukee area, have added TBN and all of its digital subchannels (except for Enlace USA) to its systems in the area beginning in late August 2007, within the provider's digital family tier of channels. However, beyond must-carry situations where WWRS-DT1 must be carried on analog cable in appropriate markets, the signal comes directly via satellite to Charter's headend, not through WWRS.
Digital television.
WWRS-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 52, on that date. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 43. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 52, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition.
Must-carry.
On April 1, 2002, a dispute arose between Time Warner Cable's Milwaukee-area system and WWRS regarding must-carry regulations. Must-carry regulations require cable television providers within the Grade B contour of a full-power, full service television station to carry that station on their basic tier. When the dispute was settled, the FCC judged that the station was not required to be carried on the cable systems in the more distant counties of Kenosha, Racine and Walworth. However, WWRS was able to exercise must-carry to the Time Warner Cable lineup in southeastern Wisconsin. This, combined with the lack of available channel space, caused the forced move of Madison's PBS member and Wisconsin Public Television flagship station WHA-TV (channel 21) to the digital cable tier in order to air WWRS on the basic cable tier.

</doc>
<doc id="5907865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907865" title="Johnathan Walton">
Johnathan Walton

Johnathan Walton is a Jamaican born, four-time Emmy Award winning, comedic TV reporter, stand-up comedian and TV producer. His TV career began at WSVN-TV the FOX affiliate in Miami, Florida as a Special Projects segment producer. He later moved to San Antonio, Texas to be the Comedy TV reporter at KABB-TV the city’s FOX affiliate and then he did a 5 year Comedy TV reporter stint at CBS in Houston. Currently he’s living in Los Angeles writing, doing stand-up comedy and producing TV Shows for networks like ABC, NBC, History, HGTV, TLC, The Cartoon Network and Reelz Channel.
Television Shows.
Walton has self produced six 30 minute primetime specials for KHOU.
The titles and dates they aired are;
Hosting.
Walton has hosted many events in the Houston area
Including
Criticism.
Houston Chronicle columnist Ken Hoffman has frequently referred to Walton as a "class clown" and writes "he's not funny." He says that Walton is the weakness of KHOU.
Awards.
KHOU-TV Houston Johnathan Walton, Reporter
KHOU-TV Johnathan Walton, Reporter 

</doc>
<doc id="5907876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907876" title="Edward MacCabe">
Edward MacCabe

Edward MacCabe or McCabe (Dublin, 14 February 1816 – Kingstown, 11 February 1885) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin from 1879 until his death and a Cardinal from 1882.
Biography.
He was the son of poor parents, educated at Father Doyle's school on the Quays and at Maynooth College, and was ordained priest on 24 June 1839. After his ordination he served successively as curate in Clontarf and at St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, Marlborough Street in Dublin. He was selected, in 1854, for the see of Grahamstown in South Africa. He turned it down, and in 1856 became parish priest of St. Nicholas Without, in Dublin.
He was transferred to the more important parish of Dún Laoghaire (then called Kingstown), Monkstown and Glasthule from 1865 until 1879, and became a member of the chapter and vicar-general. For the twelve following years his was the ordinary life of a pastor. In 1877 he was appointed Titular bishop of Gadara and Auxiliary of Dublin, and on the death of the incumbent Archbishop Cardinal Paul Cullen he was chosen in 1879 to be his successor
Three years later, on 27 March 1882, Pope Leo XIII created him Cardinal-Priest of S. Sabina. His pastoral letter in October 1881 denouncing in fierce terms the "No Rent Manifesto" of the Irish National Land League, that his return from Rome with the "red hat" almost went un-noticed.
The six years in which he was Archbishop of Dublin were troubled times in Ireland, the years of the Land League and of the National League, of violent agitation and savage coercion, when secret societies were strong in Dublin, and the Phoenix Park murders and many others of less note were committed. Like his predecessor, Cardinal McCabe had a distrust of popular movements. Brought up in the city, he was unacquainted with agrarian conditions and he identified with the political movement under Parnell and Davitt. In pastorals and public speeches he ranged himself against agitation and on the side of government and law, with the result that Nationalist newspapers and public men attacked him as a "Castle" bishop, who favoured coercion and was an enemy of the people. His life was threatened and for a time he was under the protection of the police.
His papers are available in Dublin for consultation by scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="5907902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907902" title="Ascension (John Coltrane album)">
Ascension (John Coltrane album)

Ascension is a jazz album by John Coltrane recorded in 1965 and released in 1966. It is often considered to be a watershed album, with the albums released before it being more conventional in structure and the albums released after it being looser, free jazz inspired works. In addition, it signaled Coltrane's interest in moving away from the quartet format. Coltrane described "Ascension" in a radio interview as a "big band thing", although it resembles no big band recording made before it. The most obvious antecedent is Ornette Coleman's octet (or "double quartet") recording, "", which—like "Ascension"—is a continuous forty-minute performance with ensemble passages and without breaks. Jazz musician Dave Liebman, commenting on "Ascension", recalled that the album was the "torch that lit the free jazz thing". 
Music.
Coltrane's horn section is moored to a monolithic rhythm section, centered on pianist McCoy Tyner, double bassists Jimmy Garrison and Art Davis, and drummer Elvin Jones. On "Ascension" (and unlike on "Free Jazz"), group ensembles alternate with solos, and take up about equal space. The basic theme stated in the opening and closing ensembles is a variation on the major motif of Coltrane's previous album "A Love Supreme", particularly the opening bass riff stated on said album's opening track, "Acknowledgment".
Coltrane gave the musicians no directions for their solos, besides that they were to end with a crescendo. The ensemble passages are more structured. There were chords, but apparently they were optional; it is more accurate to say that the ensembles consist of a progression of modes rather than chords, with mode changes signaled by Coltrane, pianist McCoy Tyner, and trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. By comparison to "Free Jazz", "Ascension" features a much expanded "front line", with two altos, three tenors, and two trumpeters.
The horn section consisted mostly of younger players, most of whom would soon attain some degree of fame on the (free) jazz scene. A notable exception is trumpeter Dewey Johnson, who plays the first solo of the album after Coltrane. Plagued by mental illness, Johnson never made another professional recording (other than previously on Paul Bley's 1964 album "Barrage"), eventually disappearing in New York City in the 1980s. He currently resides in Coler Specialty Hospital and Nursing Home on Roosevelt Island in New York City. Because of Johnson's obscurity, and his prominent place on the album, his solo is sometimes mistaken for Hubbard's.
Order of soloists and ensembles.
The solo order differs slightly between the takes; Edition II also features no drum solo by Elvin Jones.
Track listing.
Two recordings of "Ascension" exist, called Edition I and Edition II. Edition I is the second recorded take of the composition and was originally released on Impulse in February 1966 (catalog number A-95). Because of vinyl limitations, it was divided into two parts. Edition II is the first take and Coltrane's preferred version. It replaced Edition I (also as A-95, with "EDITION II" etched on the vinyl runout circle) some months after the original release. Both versions are available on the CD version first released by Impulse in 2000.
"Ascension" (John Coltrane) – 38:30
"Ascension" (Coltrane) – 40:49

</doc>
<doc id="5907903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907903" title="Rinky Dink">
Rinky Dink

Rinky Dink is a 1962 instrumental hit by Dave "Baby" Cortez.
Rinky Dink is a mobile musical sound system that operates on power provided by two bicycles and solar panels. It tours the world as part of many musical festivals and parties and is a prime example of how green electricity can be generated and used to power things. As well as being powered by bicycle, the system itself is moved around using specially converted bicycles. It has been featured on BBC "Newsnight" and "Panorama" programs.
The Rinky Dink was also responsible for powering the first bicycle-powered digital recording in history—"Live & Pedal-Powered" (1995) by Baka Beyond.
See also.
"Early in the Morning" (Bobby Darin song) was originally released by The Ding Dongs (Brunswick Records) and then rereleased in 1958 by The Rinky Dinks (by Atlantic Records' subsidiary, Atco).

</doc>
<doc id="5907910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907910" title="Jon Jost">
Jon Jost

Jon Jost (born 16 May 1943 in Chicago) is an American independent filmmaker.
Born in Chicago to a military family, he grew up in Georgia, Kansas, Japan, Italy, Germany and Virginia. He began making films in January 1963 after being expelled from college. In 1965 he was imprisoned by US authorities for 2 years 3 months for refusal to cooperate with the Selective Service system. On his release he became engaged in anti-war activities, working for the draft resistance, Chicago Mobilization, and helped found the Chicago branch of what became Newsreel, the New Left Film production and distribution group.
Self-taught as a filmmaker, he made his first full-length film in 1974, and has since that time focused on a wide range of American issues in his films. Since 1996 he has worked almost exclusively in digital video (DV), completing 
twenty one features and many short films. Two of his most widely known films are All the Vermeers in New York (1990) and The Bed You Sleep In (1993). His 1977 feature, Last Chants for a Slow Dance is listed in the book 1001 Films You Must See Before You Die.
Jost also works in photography and painting.

</doc>
<doc id="5907918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907918" title="Skelani">
Skelani

Skelani is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Location.
Altitude: 242 m
According to the 1991 census the population of the town was 1123 - 950 Muslims (84.59%), 160 Serbs (14.25%), 7 Yugoslavs (0.62%) and 6 Unknown/Others (0.53%)
The population of the commune was 4283 - 2847 Muslims (66.47%), 1311 Serbs (30.61%), 16 Yugoslavs (0.37%) and 109 Unknown/Others (2.54%)
Skelani is 50 km from the town of Srebrenica, via difficult roads through the Zeleni Jadar Mountains. The village is much closer to the town of Bajina Basta in Serbia, only 3 km away by bridge across the Drina River. Traditional lines of communication were disrupted by the Bosnian war, significantly affecting life in Skelani, which has been described by the Bosnian saying that when you live in isolation you end up “ni na nebu ni na zemlji” -‘neither in the sky nor on earth’.
Before the Yugoslav wars Skelani had very close links administratively and culturally with the Bajina Basta municipality. The nearest hospital to Skelani was in Bajina Basta and many children from Skelani were born and attended school there. Bajina Basta was a centre for employment and shopping for residents of Skelani. Telephone connections and power came via Bajina Basta.
In 1992 the village of Skelani had about 400 households and about 1,200 residents, predominantly Muslim. It was basically an agricultural community, with some livestock raising activity. Relations between Serbs and Muslims were described as good but tensions began to build up after the end of 1989. Branches of the SDA and SDS political parties were established.
When the war began Skelani was cut off from Srebrenica but also from its connections with Serbia. Since the war Skelani has remained isolated, cut off from access to many basic necessities. Instead of being able to go to Bajina Basta to hospital or go shopping residents have to travel to Srebrenica over still difficult roads. Time consuming international border procedures, mistrust and prejudice make crossing the border into Serbia difficult.
The Sase Mine, in Skelani, a major producer of lead and zinc, was heavily damaged during the war. In 1998 the mine's production capacity was estimated at 6,500 t/yr of lead and 4,000 t/yr of zinc.
Early history.
Géza Alföldy's reconstruction of the cultural and ethnic affinities of the indigenous population of northeast Dalmatia around the time of the Roman conquest early in the 1st century AD., drawing mostly on the evidence of personal names, linked the Middle Drina area (Skelani) with the historical Scordisci, a powerful Celtic group whose conflict with the Romans dominated events in the central Balkans from the mid 2nd century BC to the early 1st century AD. After the conquest this group formed the civitas of the Dindari (listed by Pliny the Elder within Dalmatia), whom a fragmentary inscription appears to locate in the Skelani area.
The Roman municipium of Skelani, situated at a major crossing of the Drina river, was a post of "beneficiarii consulares" (Romans wielding authority entrusted to them by a magistrate or office-holder). It was in existence before the end of the reign of Antoninus Pius and Skelani and the Roman town at Rogatica may originally have been Flavian creations.
The territory of the city comprised the territory of the Dindari extending beyond the middle Drina around Skelani east of the Drina to include Ljubovija, Bajina Basta, Užice and Požega. It may have been named Malvesatium.
In 2008 the largest mosaic floor from Roman times ever found in the Balkans was discovered in Skelani by Bosnian archaeologists led by Mirko Babić director of the local museum in Bijeljina. According to Babić "There are 40 square metres of mosaics that are unique in terms of the diversity of their colours, images and ornaments of marvellous vividness". As well as the mosaic flooring, dated to the first century A.D., 80–180 cm below the soil surface are other ruins of buildings and streets of the Roman town. Babić argues that the ruins discovered to date indicate that Skelani was a rich and important centre in the Roman era.
The Bosnian war 1992-1995.
On 14 or 15 April 1992 "volunteers" from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, with the co-operation of the SFRY authorities, crossed the Drina River and entered Skelani with the purpose of assisting the Bosnian Serbs take control of the area and forcibly remove the area's Muslim population.
On 1 May 1992, Serbians in the area declared Skelani to be a Serbian village. On 7 May it fell into the hands of Serbian forces. All Muslims in the area were ordered to give up their firearms, mainly hunting rifles and the like. On 8 May the removal of the village's Muslim population began. Serbians wearing Chetnik garb came into Vahida Selimovic's house and shot all the male adults. The women were transferred to Novi Pazar. A Bosnian Muslim woman Fatima reported how when shooting began they were surrounded and could not escape. The Serbians entered the village four hours later and immediately began setting houses on fire, looking for men and executing them. "When they got to our house, they ordered us to come out with hands raised above our heads, including the children. There were four men among us, and they shot them in front of us. ... I saw another six men killed nearby." She and other women and children were taken to the police station where they were insulted but not physically harmed before being transported out of Bosnia. (p. 257, War Crimes in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Volume II. New York: Helsinki Watch. Human Rights Watch, 1993)
On 9 May, the independent Serbian news agency Borba reported that after Skelani fell, 550 Muslims (mostly women, children, and the elderly) were expelled from the village. After proclaiming Skelani a Serbian village Serbian forces refused to allow any Muslims access into the area. (Interviewed by Helsinki Watch, War Crimes in Bosnia-Herzegovina 41, 41-43 (1992). 
In a January 1993 offensive, Naser Orić, commander of the forces defending the enclave of Srebrenica, attacked Skelani. Hundreds of Serb civilians fled across the Drina River into Serbia in boats. Oric's forces advanced to about a hundred yards away from the bridge in Skelani, seeking to capture it and blow it up. The Serb forces resisted the attack.
Stories of fleeing civilians shot down on the Skelani bridge caused anger in Serbia. Ratko Mladić launched a counterattack that pushed Muslim forces back towards the town of Srebrenica.
A unit of Russian "volunteers" was active in the Skelani area in the early part of 1993, under the command of Lieutenant Alexander Alexandrov, who had previously seen action in Transdniestr and Karabakh and was killed in May 1993.
The names of four men from Skelani were on the list compiled by Ibro Nuhanovic of 239 male refugees from Srebrenica sheltering on the UNPROFOR Base in Potočari who were handed over by the UN Dutchbat contingent to Bosnian Serb Army commander General Ratko Mladic and become victims of the Srebrenica genocide in July 1995: Sefik Hasanović (1959), Mehmed Mehimović (1950), Ðemal Ðananović (1980) and Murat Ljeskovica (1936).
Municipality of Skelani.
In 1992 the National Assembly of Republika Srpska created the municipality of Skelani, without any consultation with the majority Bosniak population of the municipality of Srebrenica or of the Skelani area.
In December 1999 the municipality of Skelani was abolished by the international community's post-war High Representative Wolfgang Petritsch. According to Petritsch, the RS National Assembly wanted to isolate the town of Srebrenica and deprive it of security, territory, and economic resources for political reasons.
The municipality's continued existence was seen as having a negative effect on the efforts of the newly established joint administration in Srebrenica to encourage the free return of refugees and displaced persons return to their homes of origin (a constitutional right). By cutting Srebrenica off from its economic hinterland, it hampered the town's chances of economic recovery and interfered with the creation of the "political, economic and social conditions conducive to the voluntary return and harmonious reintegration of refugees and displaced persons" called for by Annex 7 of the Dayton Peace Agreement.
The 3rd Skelani Platoon and its participation in the Srebrenica massacre.
On 29 July 2008 a group of special police force members of the 3rd "Skelani" Platoon of the 2nd Šekovići Detachment of the Special Police Brigade were found guilty of genocide by the War Crimes Chamber of the Criminal Division of the Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina. This was the first genocide trial in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
They were found to have taken part in the massacre over 1000 Bosniak men at an agricultural warehouse at Kravica where men trying to escape from Srebrenica were taken after surrendering to the Army of the Republika Srpska (VRS) having been promised that they would be safe.
The court established that the defendants secured and controlled the Bratunac–Milići road, including the section near the Kravica Cooperative warehouse in Kravica on 12 and 13 July 1995. The soldiers conducted reconnaissance missions on the road and attacked Bosniaks with tanks and other weapons. Milenko Trifunović encouraged the Bosniaks to surrender by giving them false guarantees of safety. Thousands of captured men were held in and around a meadow at Sandići before taken by VRS soldiers to locations including the Kravica Cooperative warehouse.
On 13 July 1995 over one thousand prisoners held at the warehouse were executed. The soldiers fired automatic weapons and threw hand grenades at them. Seven of the accused took part in shooting the prisoners, after which Petar Mitrović, Slobodan Jakovljević, and Branislav Medan were sent to the back of the warehouse to prevent any prisoners escaping while Brano Džinić took two boxes of grenades and threw them at the killed and wounded who were begging for help.
The primary defendant Miloš Stupar, commander of the Šekovići Detachment, was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment, the Skelani Platoon's commander Milenko Trifunović was sentenced to 42 years, Aleksandar Radovanović to 42 years, Brano Džinić to 42 years, Slobodan Jakovljević to 40 years, Branislav Medan to 40 years, and Petar Mitrović to 38 years. Velibor Maksimović, Dragiša Živanović, Milovan Matić, and Miladin Stevanović were acquitted of all charges.
Reconciliation work.
A USAID-funded Cross-Border Cooperation and Reconciliation (CBCR) project has worked to bring residents from both sides of the international border together in a football tournament in Skelani. Local NGOs and the CBCR project encouraged teams from Bajina Basta and Bosnian Serb communities to join teams mostly from the municipality of Srebrenica in this tournament as a step towards encouraging cooperation and cross-border and inter-ethnic contacts.
The tournament has provided an opportunity for people who grew up together, worked together and even fought against each other to meet up again after years of isolation (for example the members of the re-formed multi-ethnic team representing the village of Crvice).
The "Zelja" Women's Association, founded in 1999, assists local and returnee women by providing courses in English, computers, and sewing. It has established a playground for children, and provides food packages to returnees and the elderly. The organization also provides legal counseling, and campaigns against domestic violence. Zelja supports two-way return, and sponsors activities and seminars to promote reconciliation among local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="5907924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907924" title="Qasim of Astrakhan">
Qasim of Astrakhan

Qasim of Astrakhan is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5907934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907934" title="Benjamin K. Focht">
Benjamin K. Focht

Benjamin K. Focht (March 12, 1863 – March 27, 1937) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Benjamin K. Focht was born in New Bloomfield, Pennsylvania. He attended Bucknell University in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania State College at State College, Pennsylvania, and Susquehanna University in Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. He established the "Lewisburg Saturday News" in 1881, serving as editor and publisher until his death. He was a delegate to the Republican State Convention in 1889. He served as an officer of the Pennsylvania National Guard. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1893 to 1897, and a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1901 to 1905. He was water supply commissioner of Pennsylvania from 1912 to 1914.
Focht was elected as a Republican to the Sixtieth, Sixty-first, and Sixty-second Congresses. He was unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912. He was again elected to the Sixty-fourth and to the three succeeding Congresses. He served as Chairman of the United States House Committee on War Claims during the Sixty-sixth Congress, and the United States House Committee on the District of Columbia during the Sixty-seventh Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1922, 1924, 1926, 1928, and 1930, and also in 1932 for the unexpired term of Edward M. Beers. After his time in Congress he resumed business activities in Lewisburg. He served as deputy secretary of the Commonwealth in 1928 and 1929. Focht was again elected to the Seventy-third, Seventy-fourth, and Seventy-fifth Congresses and served until his death in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="5907935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907935" title="Mike Poulson">
Mike Poulson

Michael Poulson (b. January 4, 1965 in Ogden, Utah U.S., later raised in Layton, Utah) is an American "Old School" former professional Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1981-1987.
Racing career milestones.
Note: Professional first are for the national level of competition unless otherwise indicated.
Started racing: Early 1978. As it often happens, a friend got him interested in racing.
Sanctioning body:
First race result: First place at a Layton, Utah track in 12 year old class. He was actually 13 years old but according to the rules of that track you raced the age class of the age you where on October 1 during the season, therefore he was 12 on October 1, 1977 and raced in the 12 year old class accordingly even after turning thirteen on January 4, 1978
First win (local): See above.
Home sanctioning body district(s): National Bicycle Association (NBA) District "P" (Colorado, Wyoming and Utah);
First sponsor: Bingham Schwinn Cyclery
First national race result: The 1979 Corona Mini-National. Finished near the bottom of the 14 Open main with a sixth place. Signed up for Expert event though he was a novice. Did not make Expert main.
First national win: The February 10, 1980 American Bicycle Association (ABA) Winter Nationals at Chandler, Arizona in 15 Expert.
Turned professional: September 1983 Age 17.
First Professional race result: First in "B" Pro at the National Bicycle League (NBL) Celebrity Race For Childhelp USA/International in Azusa, California on January 22, 1984. He also got a second place in Pro Open. This was a charity event. The purse was only US$40 (US$79.19 in 2007 Cost of Living Calculator) and 100% payback for the top pro finishers.
Note: This race is not to be confused with the NBL Azuza National held on March 3, 1984 at the same facility which counted in the pros standings toward the National No.1 Plate.
First Professional win: See above
First Senior Pro* race result: Fourth in "AA" pro at the ABA Spring National in San Francisco, California on March 11, 1984. He won US$160 the equivalent to US$316.77 in 2007.
First Senior Pro win: In "A" pro at the NBL National in Brookville, Ohio on May 26, 1984 He won US$800, or US$1,583.83 in 2007.
Retired: 1988. After many injuries and the grind of racing on every weekend for over a decade and just not having a winning attitude he quietly quit after a stint as a teaching pro at the Woodward BMX camp in Woodward, Pennsylvania.
Height & weight at height of career (1985): Ht:5'11" Wt:~175 lbs.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are given.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial, Regional, National, and International titles in "italics". "Defunct" refers to the fact of that sanctioning body in question no longer existing at the start of the racer's career or at that stage of his/her career. Depending on point totals of individual racers, winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles.
Amateur.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Professional.
National Bicycle Association (NBA)
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
United States Bicycle Motocross Association (USBA)
International Bicycle Motocross Federation (IBMXF)
Due to the dirth of professional participation in general and American involvement in the competition in particular there was no Professional class in the IBMXF World Championships held in Suzuka, Japan. Indeed, Mike Poulson was the only pro of any nation to participate. Instead a select number of older amateur experts from numerous nations were slated to race him. He won.
Pro Series Championships
Post BMX career.
He was offered a sales job by the Schwinn Bicycle Co. with a position in California but he did not take it. He did not want to move from his home state. He had potions with Bingham's Cyclery a local department store and eventually went into his father's lawn sprinkler business.
BMX magazine covers.
Bicycle Motocross News:
Minicycle/BMX Action & Super BMX:
Bicycle Motocross Action & Go:
BMX Plus!:
Bicycles and Dirt:
Total BMX:
NBA World & NBmxA World (The official NBA/NBmxA membership publication):
Bicycles Today & BMX Today (The official NBL membership publication under two names):
ABA Action, American BMXer, BMXer (The official ABA membership publication under three names):
USBA Racer (The official USBA membership publication):
End notes.
Rad, 1986

</doc>
<doc id="5907936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907936" title="Cowboy Mouth (play)">
Cowboy Mouth (play)

Cowboy Mouth is a 1971 play, written and performed by Sam Shepard (as Slim) and Patti Smith (as Cavale), and directed by Robert Glaudini.
Plot.
The play is about Slim and Cavale, two absolute messes living in sin together. Unable to move, yet at complete unrest, Slim swings from blaming Cavale for the disaster that is his life to begging her to tell him stories about French poets. Cavale is a former mental patient of some kind. She remembers electric shocks and having to wear metal plates around her club foot when she was younger. She also muses about playing the ugly duckling as a child, being forced into the role without even the satisfaction of emerging as a beautiful swan at the end. The two call on an imaginary Lobster Man for sustenance and entertainment. It's a play full of dichotomies, and easy swings from one extreme mindset to another. It theorizes that the American Dream does little more for the individual besides spoil his happiness.

</doc>
<doc id="5907945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907945" title="Nobold">
Nobold

Nobold is a hamlet on the south-western edge of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is located on the Shrewsbury to Longden road. Nobold boasts Shropshire's oldest natural water well.
Nearby are Meole Brace and Hook-a-Gate villages.

</doc>
<doc id="5907948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907948" title="Edgebold">
Edgebold

Edgebold is a dispersed hamlet on the western edge of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is on the A488 Shrewsbury to Bishop's Castle road.
Edgebold is now divided into Lower Edgebold and Upper Edgebold by the A5 Shrewsbury by-pass. Hanwood is the next village along the A488.

</doc>
<doc id="5907956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907956" title="YVS Chowdary">
YVS Chowdary

Yalamanchili Venkata Satyanarayana Chowdary (born 23 May in Gudiwada) is a Telugu film
director. His screen name is YVS Chowdary. His movie productions include "Lahiri Lahiri Lahirilo", "Devdasu", "Sree Seetharamula Kalyanam Choothamu Raarandi", "Seetharama Raju", "Yuvaraju" and "Seathaiah". He also produced "Nippu" which was released in 2012 though it ended up as a box office dud.
Career.
YVS Chowdary directed eight films, among them were "Devdas" and "Lahiri Lahiri Lahirilo, "which ran for more than 175 days. Before becoming a director, he has associated with directors such as K. Raghavendra Rao, Ram Gopal Varma, Mahesh Bhatt, and Krishna Vamsi. YVS Chowdary is the owner of "Bommarillu Vaari" Banner and produced such films as "Lahiri Lahiri Lahirilo", "Devdas," and "Seathaiah".
YVS Chowdary was a fan of NTR before he entered "Tollywood". He started the trend of making films with new star cast in "Akkineni Nagarjuna"'s home production film titled "Sri Seetharamula Kalyanam Choothamu Raarandi". He directed actors such as Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Akkineni Nagarjuna, Nandamuri Harikrishna, Mahesh Babu, Nandamuri Balakrishna, and Mohan Babu in his other projects. He introduced "Venkat," "Chandu," "Chandni" in his first film. "Aditya Om," "Ankita Jhaveri," in his fourth film and "Ram," "Ileana D'Cruz" in his sixth film.

</doc>
<doc id="5907958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907958" title="Malehurst">
Malehurst

Malehurst is a hamlet in Shropshire, England near to the large villages of Pontesbury and Minsterley and the small village of Asterley. It is within the civil parish of Pontesbury.
The Rea Brook flows around Malehurst and the Minsterley Brook flows into the Rea Brook here.
There is an industrial estate that accommodates a number of small businesses. There is also a highly successful dairy farm.

</doc>
<doc id="5907962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907962" title="Daivanamathil">
Daivanamathil

Daivanamathil is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj. Aryadan Shaukath is the producer. Playing the lead are upcoming stars Prithwiraj and Bhavana. The film is based on a Muslim story and throws light on the Babri Masjid demolition in December 1992 which had its repercussions on Kerala Muslims. Bhavana received a State Award for best character actress for this film.
Plot.
The story is about Anwar (Pritviraj) who discontinues his education further at the Aligarh Muslim University soon after his marriage. During his stay the Babri Masjid demolition occurs and as a result he turns a fundamentalist. His wife an educated Muslim girl (Bhavana) tries to alter and change the ideals of her Islamist fanatic husband. But to reform himself he rather chooses the way to jail and starts afresh. The thread of the story is the aftermath of the Babri Masjid demolition and the Gujarat riots.
Anwar encounters a group of Karsevaks in a train, all of them headed towards the demolition of Babri Masjid. The encounter greatly disturbs him and he is no longer the same loving and romantic husband to his wife as well as the engrossed PG student. 
He writes a letter to Samira about his intentions and his decision to join Jehad to seek revenge on others. Anwar goes on to become a full time extremist and plants a bomb in a hotel at the Ramzan time. This hurts his grandfather a lot who is always against extremism. 
Anwar on the other hand is unstoppable and believes that the deaths of innocents are a part of the Jehad. Sahib tells his grandson to stop all his activities at once and warns him about the ugly consequences, the community has to face, because of his deeds, but to no avail. 
Meanwhile, Anwar lands up in jail. Samira only has one wish, her husband should come back to his normal life. He should become her old Anwar, romantic and soft person.

</doc>
<doc id="5907971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907971" title="The Paramour Sessions">
The Paramour Sessions

The Paramour Sessions is the fifth album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on September 12, 2006. While pre-recording, the band rented the Paramour Mansion, which the album name reflects. Two singles were released from the album, "...To Be Loved" and "Forever". The deluxe edition of the album was released on July 5, 2007. This album was the last the band recorded with drummer Dave Buckner.
Deluxe edition.
The deluxe edition of the album was released on June 12, 2007 and includes the following:
No new songs were released for the deluxe edition and has no alternate track listing. The deluxe edition is now sold instead of the standard version of the album.
Sales.
The album debuted at #16 on the Billboard 200 Chart with 37,000 copies sold in its first week of release. The album has sold over 1.6 million copies worldwide by selling small amounts of copies in many countries like the U.S., Canada, and the UK. Because of this, the album has failed to be certified in any country. The album has sold over 450, 000 copies in the USA as of 2010.
Track listing.
Mexico Edition
UK Edition
iTunes Edition

</doc>
<doc id="5907975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907975" title="John Burnet (architect)">
John Burnet (architect)

John Burnet (1814–1901) was a Scottish architect who lived and practised in Glasgow. He was born the son of soldier and trained initially as a carpenter, before becoming a Clerk of Works. He rose to prominence in the mid-1850s.
Burnet designed many of Victorian Glasgow’s public buildings, employing a range of styles, including Neoclassical, Gothic, Renaissance, Italianate and Scottish Baronial . He commissioned many sculptors to adorn his buildings, among them John Mossman and John Crawford .
Biography.
John Burnet was born at Craighead House, Kirk o' Shotts on 27 September 1814. He was the son of Lieutenant George Burnet, a soldier in the Kirkcudbright and Galloway Militia, and Margaret Wardlaw, who was the daughter of a Dalkeith merchant, John Wardlaw. John Burnet was educated at Dunipace Parish School. He later took an apprenticeship as a carpenter, graduating to architecture and becoming a clerk of works in the Alloa-Clackmannan area.
Burnet was largely self-taught as an architect. He worked for the Architectural Publication Society's Dictionary and through this work he had access to a library of architectural work by Jean-Nicolas-Louis Durand, Paul Letarouilly and Eugène Viollet-le-Duc. It is also known that Burnet travelled and sketched in Germany, France and Italy.
In 1845 he married Elizabeth Hay Bennet, the daughter of Lindsay Bennet, a Leith merchant. They had five children. The eldest, George Wardlaw, grew up to become Sheriff Substitute of Aberdeen but predeceased his father in an accident on a bamboo bicycle. His second son Lindsay Burnet, a mechanical engineer, and his youngest daughter Elizabeth also died before him. He had another daughter, Margaret. The most well-known of his children was his youngest son, John James Burnet (1857–1938), who himself became an influential Modernist architect.
In the mid-1850s John Burnet (senior) rose in prominence with his designs for Glasgow buildings such as the Greek temple-style Elgin Place Church, the Clapperton/Middleton warehouse on Miller Street, and Madeira Court on Argyle Street, which was shows influences of the work of Charles Wilson. He won commissions in the 1860s from Glasgow merchants and shipowners, building large baronial houses for them at Auchendennan, Arden, Kildalton and Kilmahew.
Burnet became an accomplished Gothic designer, which is evident in his designs for Woodlands Church and the Glasgow Stock Exchange.
Burnet became a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects (FRIBA) in 1876.
In 1882, he formed and architectural partnership with his son John James Burnet (1857–1938). As his son John James took a greater role in the architects' practice, Burnet was less active in the design of buildings, acting increasingly as a consultant. In 1886 John Archibald Campbell joined the partnership, and around 1889 Burnet senior went into semi-retirement at the age of seventy-five.
John Burnet died in Glasgow on 15 January 1901, leaving moveable estate of £3,210 5s 2d.
Notable works.
Three of Glasgow's most important buildings are credited to Burnet Senior in his later years: the Clydesdale Bank headquarters in St Vincent Place, the Merchants' House and the Union Bank of Scotland building (the latter assisted by his son).
Among his surviving works are:
Other work has been destroyed or demolished, including:
He is buried in the Western Necropolis.

</doc>
<doc id="5907984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907984" title="Maida Coleman">
Maida Coleman

Maida Coleman (born July 1, 1954) is a Democratic member of the Missouri Senate. She has represented the 5th District since winning a special election in February 2002. Coleman is currently the minority floor leader. Previously she was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 2001 through 2002.
She serves on the following committees:
Coleman is a graduate of Lincoln University of Missouri with a degree in journalism. She has three children: John, Alaina and James. She currently resides in St. Louis, Missouri.
Coleman announced that she was running for Mayor of the City of St. Louis in 2008 against fellow Democratic Party member Francis Slay, but decided not to run on the last day to enter race, because another candidate with the same last name entered the race the very same day. Coleman believed that she was being "targeted" and claimed "conspiracy". [http://www.stltoday.com/stltoday/news/stories.nsf/stlouiscitycounty/story/B3BF9C5D510EE0BF862575330017A36E?OpenDocument] She announced she would run for mayor as an Independent.

</doc>
<doc id="5907986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907986" title="The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (short story)">
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (short story)

The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and first published in "Colliers" Magazine on May 27, 1922. It was subsequently anthologized in his book "Tales of the Jazz Age", which is occasionally published as "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and Other Jazz Age Stories". Development rights to the story were held for years by the late Hollywood mogul Ray Stark. Stark retained those rights until his death in 2004, when they were purchased from his estate and used for an adaptation of the story as the 2008 film of the same name, directed by David Fincher. Due to copyright expiry laws, rights to the story deferred to the public domain in 2010.
Plot.
In 1860 Baltimore, Benjamin is born with the physical appearance of a 70-year-old man, already capable of speech. His father Roger invites neighborhood boys to play with him and orders him to play with children's toys, but Benjamin only obeys to please his father. At five, Benjamin is sent to kindergarten but is quickly withdrawn after he repeatedly falls asleep during child activities.
When Benjamin turns 12, the Button family realizes that he is aging backwards. At the age of 18, Benjamin enrolls in Yale College, but having run out of hair dye on the day of registration, is sent home by officials, who think he is a 50-year-old lunatic.
In 1880, when Benjamin is 20, his father gives him a control of Roger Button & Co. Wholesale Hardware. He meets the young Hildegarde Moncrief, a daughter of General Moncrief, and falls in love with her. Hildegarde mistakes Benjamin for a 50-year old brother of Roger Button, and harboring a preference for older men, she marries him six months later, though remaining ignorant of his condition.
Years later, Benjamin's business has been successful, but his family life has not been well for him. Benjamin grows tired of Hildegarde, finding her nagging incessant and her beauty fading. Due to his boredom, he enlists in the Spanish-American War in 1898, and achieves great triumph in the military, rising to the rank of lieutenant colonel. He retires from the army to focus on his company, and receives a medal.
In 1910, Benjamin turns over control of his company to his son, Roscoe, and enrolls at Harvard University, with the appearance of a twenty-year-old. His first year at Harvard is a great success: he is dominant in football, notably obtaining revenge against Yale for his earlier unpleasant experience. However, during his junior and senior years, he is a weak sixteen-year-old, unable to play football and barely able to cope with the academic load. 
After graduation, Benjamin returns home, only to learn that his wife has moved to Italy. He lives with Roscoe, who treats him sternly, and forces Benjamin to call him "uncle". As the years progress, Benjamin grows from a moody teenager into a young child. Eventually, Roscoe has a child of his own that later attends kindergarten with Benjamin. After kindergarten, Benjamin slowly begins to lose memory of his earlier life. His memory fades away to the point where he cannot remember anything except his nurse. Everything fades to darkness shortly after.
Similar stories.
Fitzgerald, in his introduction to the story, remarks that he came across a similar plot in Samuel Butler's "Note-Books" several weeks after publishing "Benjamin Button".
A story with a similar plot was published in 1921 by the Austrian author Roda Roda in "Die sieben Leidenschaften" ("The seven tempers"; Rikola Verlag, Vienna 1922) under the title "Antonius de Padua Findling".
J. G. Ballard's 1961 story "Mr F. is Mr F." features a man who regresses from adulthood to infancy when his wife becomes pregnant.
In W. P. Kinsella's 1986 novel, The Iowa Baseball Confederacy, the character Marylyle Baron tells a tale about "strange happenings" in Johnson County Iowa: "The Backwards Plague" struck in the early 1900s. Young men and women in their late teens to early twenties suddenly started losing body mass. Eventually, they regressed to their birth weight, looking like new born babies. At that point the plague stopped, and its victims began to grow again.
In T. H. White's "The Once and Future King", an Arthurian fantasy novel published in 1958, Merlin the magician is depicted as growing younger.
Film adaptation.
"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" was released as a motion picture late in 2008 starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett and directed by David Fincher. The screenplay differs greatly from the short story. Only the title, Benjamin's name, and most aspects of the aging process are retained in the screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="5907987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5907987" title="Frederick Mayer">
Frederick Mayer

Quotes.
""The true test of the school is the character that emerges from it.""
Society.
On the 3 July 2007, a society has been founded in Vienna, Austria. Its aims are to apply, to propagate and to develop the ideas of Prof. Frederick Mayer:
Frederick Mayer Society - International ("fmsi").

</doc>
<doc id="5908013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908013" title="Goniąc za Cieniem">
Goniąc za Cieniem

"Goniąc za cieniem" () is second single for Ewelina Flinta from her debut album "Przeznaczenie". This song was written by A. Todd and T. Laurer, but the Polish lyrics were authored by E. Warszawska. The song appears in the compilation albums "Radio Zet: Tylko Wielkie Przeboje", "Polskie Przeboje Jedynki vol.5", and "Poplista RMF FM".

</doc>
<doc id="5908027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908027" title="Tongues (play)">
Tongues (play)

Tongues is a 1978 play by Sam Shepard and Joseph Chaikin. "Tongues" is a series of monologues set to percussion and meant for one actor. Shepard and Chaikin had previously agreed to do a piece surrounding the concept of the voice, and nearing completion of the piece, decided it required some kind of musical accompaniment. It was first performed at the Magic Theatre in San Francisco, by the playwrights themselves: Chaikin provided the voice of the speaker, and Shepard as the director and instrumentalist. The play is written so that actors who wish to perform the piece can experiment with the stage directions, which are minimal aside from the percussion directions.
Plot summary.
The play is set on a bare stage, with a single chair draped in a Mexican blanket for the speaker. The stage is essentially black, except for the blanket. The sole character is the speaker, who begins telling the story of a nameless man. The speaker then goes on to impersonate different people such as a mother, a worker, and a "voice to a Blind One". A highlight of the play is described as the "Hunger Dialogue" in the script, which involves a contradictory exchange between two characters (both played by the speaker). The voice for each character are made distinct from each other only by the tone the speaker uses for each.

</doc>
<doc id="5908038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908038" title="Cheryl Gibson">
Cheryl Gibson

Cheryl Gibson (born July 28, 1959 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former international medley, butterfly and backstroke swimmer from Canada, who won the silver medal in the women's 400 m individual medley at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec.
She held the Alberta provincial record in the 400 m IM for 30 years, before it was broken in December 2008 by a 16-year-old Edmonton high school student.

</doc>
<doc id="5908044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908044" title="Advertainment">
Advertainment

Advertainment is the use of various forms of entertainment (television shows, movies, songs, etc.) to promote products or brands. An example would be product placement in a film. The word is a portmanteau of the "advertising" and "entertainment".
An early example in gaming is the 1989 game "Avoid the Noid" produced to promote Domino's Pizza for the Commodore 64.

</doc>
<doc id="5908046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908046" title="John Sherington">
John Sherington

John Jebbor Sherington is from the Kru tribe and is a retired Sierra Leonean international footballer and the former manager of the Sierra Leonean national football team. In 1996-1997 and from 2003–2006, Sherington was the head coach of the Sierra Leone. He was an assistant behind Brazilian José Antonio Nogueira from 1997-2003. He was sacked in October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5908060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908060" title="Cassidy (song)">
Cassidy (song)

"Cassidy" is a song written by John Barlow and Bob Weir and performed by the Grateful Dead, Ratdog and Phil Lesh & Friends. The song appeared on Bob Weir's "Ace", The Grateful Dead's "Reckoning" and "Without a Net" albums.
The song was named after Cassidy Law, who was born in 1970 and was the daughter of Grateful Dead crew member Rex Jackson and Weir's former housemate Eileen Law. The lyrics also allude to Neal Cassady, who was associated with the Beats in the 1950s and the Acid Test scene that spawned the Grateful Dead in the 1960s. Some of the lyrics in the song were also inspired by the death of Barlow's father.
The song was first performed on March 23, 1974 at the Cow Palace in Daly City, California.
Cover versions.
In 1991, Suzanne Vega recorded a version of this song on the album Deadicated

</doc>
<doc id="5908069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908069" title="Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved">
Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved

The Journal of Health Care for the Poor and Underserved is an academic journal founded in 1990 by David Satcher, then President of Meharry Medical College who later became the 16th Surgeon General of the United States. "JHCPU" is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press for Meharry and is affiliated with the Association of Clinicians for the Underserved. 
The journal covers the health and health care of medically underserved populations in North and Central America and the Caribbean, and topics such as access to health care, quality, costs, regulation, legislation, and disease prevention. Articles take the form of scholarly research and expert opinion, as well as policy analyses and book reviews. Each issue also contains an ACU Column and a Heroes and Great Ideas Column. 
The current editor is Virginia Brennan of Meharry Medical College. The journal is published quarterly in February, May, August, and November, with occasional supplemental issues. It is listed as one of the nation's leading "Health Policy" journals by the Kaiser Family Foundation and as an essential core journal in "Public Health Practice" by the Medical Library Association’s Core Public Health Journals Project.

</doc>
<doc id="5908073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908073" title="Lancaster Gordon">
Lancaster Gordon

Lancaster Gordon (born June 24, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1st round (8th overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'3" guard from the University of Louisville, Gordon was selected as the Most Valuable Player in the 1983 NCAA Mideast Regional, and went on to play four NBA seasons for the Clippers from 1984-1988. In his career, Gordon played in 201 games and scored a total of 1,125 points. Gordon also played parts of three seasons in the Continental Basketball Association from 1988 to 1991. He averaged 8.2 points per game in 39 games for the Pensacola Tornados, La Crosse Catbirds and Sioux Falls Skyforce.

</doc>
<doc id="5908078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908078" title="Żałuję">
Żałuję

"Żałuje" () is a first solo single from polish singer Ewelina Flinta. This song was one of the most popular songs in Poland in 2003. "Żałuje" is cover of song "Sama", originally sung by Serbian pop artist Ana Stanić and written by Mirko Vukomanovic.

</doc>
<doc id="5908089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908089" title="Shannon Smith (swimmer)">
Shannon Smith (swimmer)

Shannon Smith (born September 28, 1961 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's 400 m freestyle at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5908095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908095" title="Sachin Sengupta">
Sachin Sengupta

Sachin Sengupta (1891 - 1961) was a prominent Bengali playwright and the producer and director of theatrical plays in Calcutta, India. His works include the dramatization of the works of poets Rabindranath Tagore and Kazi Nazrul Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="5908106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908106" title="Simpatico (play)">
Simpatico (play)

Simpatico is a play by American playwright Sam Shepard. It opened at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in New York on the night of 14 November 1994.
In 1999, it was adapted for the screen in the film Simpatico starring Nick Nolte, Jeff Bridges, Sharon Stone, Catherine Keener, and Albert Finney.
Plot.
As youths in Azusa, Vinnie, Carter, and Rosie pull off a racing scam, substituting winners for plodders and winning big bucks on long odds. When an official uncovers the scam, they set him up for blackmail. 
The story jumps ahead for twenty years, when Carter and Rosie are married, successful racers in Kentucky, who are about to sell their prize stallion, "Simpatico". Vinnie is a drunk in Pomona. He decides to make a play for Rosie, and lures Carter to California, where he steals his wallet and heads for Kentucky with the original blackmail material. Carter begs Vinnie's friend, a grocery clerk named Cecilia, to follow Vinnie and get the material back.

</doc>
<doc id="5908120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908120" title="Michael Troughton">
Michael Troughton

Michael Troughton (born 2 March 1955 in Hampstead, London) is an English actor, writer, and teacher. He is the son of actor Patrick Troughton (known for his lead role in "Doctor Who" in the 1960s) and the younger brother of David Troughton.
Career.
He has appeared in many film, television, and theatre roles, most notably as Melish in "Minder" and Sir Piers Fletcher-Dervish in "The New Statesman" from 1987 to 1992. Troughton also starred in the first series of "Backs to the Land". More recent roles include senior science master Derek Halliday in the "Taggart" episode "Out of Bounds", 1998, a therapist in the fourth series of "Cold Feet" and Mr Mermagen in "Enigma".
Troughton took a break from acting in 2002, in order to care for his disabled wife and obtained a science degree, from the Open University. He then taught Physics, at Sir John Leman school, in Beccles for two years, before moving to Woodbridge School, to become Head of Drama.
In 2009, he stopped teaching and became a full-time carer. His biography of his late father, Patrick Troughton, published by Hirst Publishing, was launched at the 2011 Dimensions Convention in Newcastle in November 2011. In 2013 he returned to acting appearing in the ITV series Breathless.
He has also completed a number of audio dramatisations for Big Finish.
Personal Life.
Troughton married Caroline M. Marston in 1981 and had a son Matthew Troughton and a daughter Sally Troughton. The family moved to Suffolk from London in 1988. His wife contracted M.S. and died in the summer of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5908130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908130" title="Battle of Kandalur Salai">
Battle of Kandalur Salai

The Kandalur War (or Kanthalur War) was a naval battle between Chola Empire and Later Chera forces at the port-town of Kandalur salai (now called Valia-ssala), near Vizhinjam in present day Kerala state, South India around the end of the 10th century AD and was the beginning of the larger military campaigns of the Chola Empire under Raja Raja Chola I. 
A hero-stone belonging to the reign of the Chola emperor, Raja Raja I, unearthed in Tamil Nadu in 2009, talks about Raja Raja Chola I “beheading the Malai Alargal” - the Chera warriors of Kanthalur Salai. The inscription settles a long-standing debate about what Raja Raja Chola did at Kanthalur Salai. There was a debate whether he had destroyed the boats, brought under his control an autonomous Vedic educational centre situated there or defeated the Chera warriors trained there in Vedas and warfare. By this discoveries the latter proves to be the fact. It touches on points that he built a mantapa there, that he split in two a naval vessel belonging to the Chera king and that he destroyed a number of boats.
The kingdoms of Pandya, Kulasekhara (Later Chera) and Sinhala were often allied against the Cholas at the end of the 10th century (around 985 AD) and Chola king Raja Raja Chola I's initial campaigns were against the combined Pandya and Kulasekhara armies. 
The Kandalur War is often regarded as the first military achievement of Raja Raja Chola I’s reign (985 - 1014 AD). The arrest and ill-treatment of an envoy of the Chola king Raja Raja Chola I by the Kulasekhara (Later Chera) king Bhaskara Ravi Varman I (962- 1019 AD) led to the initial skirmishes. This is an example of the reaction to the breakdown diplomatic immunity. In this campaign Rajaraja is said to have destroyed a fleet in the port of Kandalur, which appears to have been situated in the Chera kingdom. However, some years' fighting apparently was necessary before the conquest could be completed and the conquered country could be sufficiently settled for its administration could be properly organized.
Raja Raja Chola I’s early inscriptions use the descriptive ""Kandalur salai kalamarutta"". Inscriptions found around Thanjavur show that frequent references are made to the conquest of Later Chera and the Pandyas in Malainadu.
However, some historians argue Kandalur salai, which only later inscriptions claim to have belonged to the Chera, may be held by the Pandya when it was conquered by Raja Raja Chola I. Tamil poet “Kavimani” Desika Vinayagam Pillai had suggested that when the Chera king stopped the free distribution of food at the Vedic educationcentre at Kanthalur Salai, Raja Raja Chola intervened and revived the practice. However, historians says that researchers rejected this viewpoint.
The epigraphist, T.N. Subramaniam, had been of the view that Kanthalur Salai must have functioned autonomously, without any royal control. Thereafter, K.K. Pillai had suggested that when Raja Raja Chola wanted to bring about changes in the functioning of the Vedic school at Kanthalur Salai, its trustees, who had functioned independently till then, must have resented it. Raja Raja Chola, therefore, must have despatched his soldiers to bring the rebellious teachers and pupils under his control.
Kandalur salai is believed to have been established by Karunandadakkan (857-85 AD), an Ay ruler. The Salais were Vedic schools associated with temples (Kanthalur Salai, Parthivapuram Salai, Thiruvalla Salai, Moozhikkulam Salai etc.) were residential in nature, with students living in proximity to the teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="5908134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908134" title="Luca Antonini">
Luca Antonini

Luca Antonini (born 4 August 1982) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Genoa. He is fullback, equally proficient on either flank. 
Club career.
Early career.
Antonini started his career at Milan, originally as a winger, playing for 11 years in their youth teams. At the start of the 2001–02 season, he was loaned out to Serie C2 side Prato, where he made his professional debut, totalling 26 appearances and scoring 3 goals. The following year, he made 17 appearances and scored one goal in his first Serie B season, during a loan spell at Ancona. The team got promoted to Serie A and Antonini's contribution was significant, as he became a regular in the second half of the season.
Sampdoria (2003–2004).
In June 2003 he moved to Sampdoria in a co-ownership deal with the "Rossoneri", for €2 million. In exchange, Ikechukwu Kalu moved to Milan in co-ownership deal for €1 million. He did not get much playing time, as he served mainly as a backup winger for Gasbarroni. However, he made his Serie A debut on 14 December, in an away match against Perugia.
Various loan spells (2004–2007).
The following season he returned to play in Serie B, being first loaned out to Modena and then switching, during the January transfer window, to Pescara. Still seeking for more playing time, for the 2005–06 season he moved to Arezzo on another loan spell, where he finally managed to play regularly throughout the whole season, making 39 appearances and scoring 3 goals.
At the beginning of the 2006–07 season, the then 24-year-old midfielder was sent to Siena on a fourth consecutive loan spell, and faced his second Serie A season, which proved much more successful than the first one. He made 32 appearances and scored 3 goals. In particular, his very first goal in the top-tier came on 26 November, in a home game against Fiorentina.
Empoli (2007–2008).
Prior to the start of the 2007–08 season, Milan reclaimed Antonini for €1 million and sent him to Empoli also for €1 million, along with his future teammate Ignazio Abate (the 50% valued €0.9 million), in a new co-ownership deal. With Empoli, Antonini made his debut in European competitions on 20 September 2007, in a UEFA Cup first-round game against Zürich, also scoring a penalty. Despite the team being relegated, he had an extremely good season, also showing versatility when coach Alberto Malesani started to employ him as a fullback.
Return to Milan (2008–2013).
On 9 June 2008, Antonini was brought back by Milan and included in their squad for €2.9million.
In his first season with the "Rossoneri", he did not get much playing time though, making only 11 league appearances. For the 2009–10 campaign, Milan signed new head coach Leonardo, who initially did not seem to take Antonini into much consideration. However, as the season progressed, injuries to first-string players such as Zambrotta and Jankulovski prompted the Brazilian to put him in the line-up. Antonini seized his chance and earned Leonardo's trust by constantly performing well.
His valuable performances also persuaded the club to offer him a contract extension until 2014, which was signed on 11 February 2010. He finished his second year at Milan on a high, scoring his first goal for the "Rossoneri" in the last match of the season, a home game against Juventus, on 15 May 2010.
When new coach Massimiliano Allegri was appointed in the summer of 2010, he kept Antonini at the left back position and Luca was a regular in the starting XI for the whole of the 2010–11 season, helping Milan win their 18th Scudetto. He continued to be a regular for the 2011–12 season, where Milan disappointingly finished second to Juventus, but managed to win the Italian Supercup in the summer of 2011.
Genoa (2013–present).
At the start of the 2013–14 season, Antonini left Milan to join Genoa as part of a deal which saw midfielder Valter Birsa move the other way.
International career.
Antonini made up a total of 5 caps with Italy U-17 and U-18, between 1999 and 2001. However, he did not receive any further call-up at higher levels of youth international football.
Nine years later, Antonini got his first call-up for the senior team; newly appointed coach Cesare Prandelli named him in the squad for a friendly against Côte d'Ivoire, to be played on 10 August 2010. However, he was left as an unused substitute.
Style of play.
Antonini is a versatile footballer who has been employed either as a winger or as a fullback, playing both on the left or the right side. His speed and stamina also allows him to attack and fall back to his position with ease.
Statistics.
"As of 7 January 2013".
1European competitions include UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup
2Other tournaments include Supercoppa Italiana and Coppa Italia Serie C
Personal life.
Antonini is married to Benedetta Balleggi, whom he first met at the time he was in Prato. The couple have two daughters, Sofia Vittoria and Viola Maria (b. 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="5908135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908135" title="WCLL-CD">
WCLL-CD

WCLL-CD is a low-power television station in Columbus, Ohio, broadcasting locally on channel 19 as an affiliate of Daystar. Founded January 11, 1988, the station is owned by Daystar Television Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5908165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908165" title="Becky Smith">
Becky Smith

Rebecca Gwendolyn "Becky" Smith-Wiber (born June 3, 1959) is a former international medley and butterfly swimmer from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the women's 400 m individual medley at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada, behind teammate Cheryl Gibson (silver). At the same Olympic tournament she also finished third in the women's 4×100 freestyle relay, alongside Gail Amundrud, Barbara Clark, and Anne Jardin.
She is now a teacher at Westbrook School in Edmonton for Grade 6.

</doc>
<doc id="5908175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908175" title="Live (Generation X album)">
Live (Generation X album)

Live is a live album from punk rock band Generation X. Recorded on an unspecified date in 1980 at Hatfield Polytechnic, the soundboard tapes remained unreleased and presumed lost forever until fortuitously discovered by guitarist James Stevenson almost twenty-five years later. The album features the band playing a series of cover versions, several of which are featured for the very first time on record.
Track listing.
All songs written by Billy Idol and Tony James; except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="5908178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908178" title="Directorate-General for Competition (European Commission)">
Directorate-General for Competition (European Commission)

The Directorate-General for Competition (COMP) is a Directorate-General of the European Commission, located in Brussels, Belgium. The DG Competition is responsible for establishing and implementing a coherent competition policy for the European Union. The DG Competition has a dual role in antitrust enforcement: an investigative role and a decision-making role. This duality of roles has been criticized in the past. In response to such criticism, DG Competition has implemented a number of internal reforms in order to guarantee parties' due process rights.
DG Competition is also considered to be one of the most sophisticated antitrust enforcers in the world, alongside the US agencies (the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice), and is famous for the fines to corporations, which «went up to €3.4bn between 2000 and 2004, and €9.4bn between 2005 and 2009! Between 2010 and 2012, it was still at €5.4bn».
The DG Competition policy areas include the following: 
The current Commissioner responsible for Competition Policy within the European Commission is Joaquín Almunia.

</doc>
<doc id="5908181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908181" title="P57 (glycoside)">
P57 (glycoside)

P57 is an oxypregnane steroidal glycoside isolated from the African cactiform "Hoodia gordonii". P57 is thought to be the main active constituent from this plant that may be responsible for the possible appetite suppressant activity of Hoodia extracts.
In a rat study at Brown Medical School, intracerebroventricular injections of the purified P57 demonstrated that the compound has a likely central nervous system (CNS) mechanism of action. The studies demonstrated that the compound increases the content of ATP by 50-150% in hypothalamic neurons. In addition, third ventricle administration of P57 reduced subsequent 24-hour food intake by 40-60%.

</doc>
<doc id="5908194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908194" title="Alan Smyth">
Alan Smyth

Alan Smyth is a music producer from Sheffield, England. He has worked with a number of bands, including Pulp, Arctic Monkeys, Reverend and The Makers, The Long Blondes, Milburn, Richard Hawley, Dead Like Harry, Smokers Die Younger, Monkey Swallows the Universe, Little Man Tate, 65daysofstatic, Little Lost David, The Magi, The Lodger, Dead World Leaders, Little Ze, Jack's Attic Smiling Ivy, and Pink Sharabang. He works from his own studio in the city, 2fly Studios.
In 1986, whilst working in Fon Studios, Sheffield, in a 54-hour marathon session he engineered and mixed the Age of Chance - Kisspower Remix (the first UK cut'n'paste record, beating "Say Kids, What Time Is It?" by about six months)
Between 1986 and 1992 he was part of the Indie C&W outfit, Don Valley & The Rotherhides (in which all the members were named after areas of Sheffield), whose songs included 'The Day Thatcher Dies'. He also played guitar and performed backing vocals in the 1990s Sheffield guitar band Seafruit. Seafruit's single "Looking For Sparks" was used for a while on Sky Sports' football coverage. 

</doc>
<doc id="5908212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908212" title="Andy Holden">
Andy Holden

Andy Holden (born 14 September 1962, Flint, Flintshire, Wales) is a Welsh former football player. He had playing careers at Chester City, Wigan and Oldham Athletic and was a long-serving coach at Everton between 1994 and 2013. He was a strong and powerful defender and was capped by Wales once at both full and under-21 level in 1984.
From non-league to international.
Holden's full appearance for Wales as a substitute against Israel at the end of the 1983–84 season was remarkable as a year earlier he had been playing non-league football for Rhyl and his new Chester City team had comfortably finished bottom of Division Four. However, Holden had stood out in a poor side and he would retain his player of the season accolade the following campaign. He had made his Football League debut on 27 August 1983 for Chester in a 1–1 draw with Northampton Town.
Unfortunately, club captain Holden became dogged by injuries and he rarely featured in Chester's 1985–86 promotion campaign. He joined Wigan for £50,000 in October 1986 at a time when Chester were suffering a financial crisis and facing a winding up order. He left Chester after making exactly 100 Football League appearances for them in three and a half years, when he bagged 16 goals - an impressive strike rate for a central defender thanks to his penalty taking and ability to head in set-pieces.
The Injury Nightmare Continues.
Holden continued to impress at Wigan and this led to a transfer to Oldham Athletic in January 1989. Despite spending several years at Boundary Park, Holden played just 22 league games due to his ongoing injury problems and had to watch on from the sidelines as his team-mates played in the top-flight from 1991 to 1994 and reached the Littlewoods Cup final in 1990. However, he did play in both enthralling FA Cup semi-finals for Oldham against Manchester United, as the Latics took their illustrious opponents to extra-time in the replay before losing 2–1. His final game was a substitute appearance for Oldham was in a 2–1 defeat by Middlesbrough in November 1994, shortly before he followed manager Joe Royle to Everton as part of the coaching staff.
He has survived several managerial changes to become a trusted part of the backroom team at Goodison Park, with his matchday role having become more prominent since the departure of assistant manager Alan Irvine to Preston North End. He departed Everton in July 2013.
Honours.
Chester City
Oldham Athletic

</doc>
<doc id="5908214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908214" title="Hridayathil Sookshikkan">
Hridayathil Sookshikkan

Hridayathil Sookshikkan is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by debutant Rajesh Pillai. Produced by Bose Varghese, the film had Kunchacko Boban and Bhavana playing the main characters. The plot was loosely based on the 2000 American film "Meet the Parents". The film's soundtrack was composed by Mohan Sitara. 
Plot.
Sreenath (Kunchacko Boban) works in an advertising firm in Bangalore. He meets a model Amritha (Bhavana) and falls in love with her. He tries to win her over but she says that her father (Siddique) has to approve him. Sreenath and Amritha go to their village in Kerala to influence him and win over her parents. But things go awry after Amritha’s father starts hating Sreenath due to his hyperactive and overenthusiastic nature. After all his efforts to win him over.

</doc>
<doc id="5908219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908219" title="UEFA Euro 1976 squads">
UEFA Euro 1976 squads

These are the squads for the 1976 European Football Championship tournament in Yugoslavia, that took place between 16 June and 20 June 1976. The players' listed ages is their age on the tournament's opening day (16 June 1976).

Head coach: Václav Ježek
Head coach: George Knobel
Head coach: Helmut Schön

Head coach: Ante Mladinić

</doc>
<doc id="5908221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908221" title="B-class destroyer (1913)">
B-class destroyer (1913)

The B class as designated in 1913 was a heterogeneous group of torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) built for the Royal Navy in the late 1890s. They were constructed to the individual designs of their builders to meet Admiralty specifications, the uniting feature being a specified top speed of and 4 funnels, although the funnel spacings differed between ships. All "30 knotter" vessels with 4 funnels were classified by the Admiralty as the B class in 1913 to provide some system to the naming of HM destroyers. 
Fourteen vessels were built by Laird Brothers at Birkenhead (in 1903 to become part of Cammell Laird, Birkenhead), seven by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company at Hebburn-on-Tyne, and one each by Armstrong Whitworth at Walker-on-Tyne, William Doxford and Sons at Sunderland, and J & G Thomson (later to become John Brown and Company) at Clydebank. All vessels had a distinctive "turtleback" forecastle that was intended to clear water from the bow, but actually tended to dig the bow into anything of a sea, resulting in a very wet conning position. 
They generally displaced around 350 tons, one third more than the preceding A class, giving an increase in speed of over the "27 knotters". Length was around . All were powered by triple expansion steam engines and had coal-fired water-tube boilers. However, "Albacore", "Arab", "Bonetta", "Cobra" and "Express" were builder's specials, and had steam turbines fitted in addition to, or in lieu of, the reciprocating engines, giving to for to . Armament was one QF 12 pounder gun on a bandstand on the forecastle, five QF 6 pounder guns (two sided abreast the conning tower, two sided between the funnels and one on the quarterdeck) and 2 single tubes for 18-inch (450-mm) torpedoes.
The last two Palmers boats, built in 1908, were replacements for the River class "Gala" and the C class "Tiger" that had collided and sunk that year. They were generally similar to the River (or E class) design, but were grouped with the B class as they possessed 4 funnels and were similarly armed, and made on turbines.

</doc>
<doc id="5908224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908224" title="Gail Amundrud">
Gail Amundrud

Gail Amundrud (born April 6, 1957 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Women's 4x100 Freestyle Relay, alongside Becky Smith, Barbara Clark, and Anne Jardin.

</doc>
<doc id="5908247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908247" title="On Stranger Tides">
On Stranger Tides

On Stranger Tides is a 1987 historical fantasy novel written by Tim Powers. It was nominated for the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel, and placed second in the annual Locus poll for best fantasy novel.
The story was also the inspiration for the Monkey Island video game series by LucasArts and for the fourth installment in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film series, "".
Plot summary.
This book follows the exploits of John "Jack Shandy" Chandagnac, who travels to the new world after the death of his puppeteer father to confront his uncle, who apparently has made off with the family inheritance. During the voyage, he gets to know a woman named Beth Hurwood and her father Benjamin Hurwood, an Oxford professor. Before they arrive, their ship is waylaid by pirates and, with the help of the professor and his assistant, the captain is killed and Chandagnac is forced to join the pirate crew. The reader discovers a sinister plot being concocted by the professor involving his dead wife, his living daughter, the Fountain of Youth, and Blackbeard. Chandagnac, now known as "Jack Shandy", must put a stop to these plans and save Beth Hurwood.
Reception.
Orson Scott Card, declaring that the novel "is as good as storytelling ever gets," reported that "Powers writes in a clean, elegant style that illuminates without slowing down the tale. The story promises marvels and horrors, and delivers them all." David Langford wrote that "On Stranger Tides" "immediately hooks you and drags you along in sympathy with one central character's appalling misfortunes on the Spanish Main, escalates from there to closing mega-thrills so determinedly spiced that your palate is left almost jaded."
Jack Adrian, saying that "Tim Powers has further refertilized the Sabatini swashbuckler," described the novel as a skillful blend of "high seas adventure with sorcery and black magic."
Influence on other works.
Kim Newman based the name of a vampire in his Anno Dracula series on the main character of "On Stranger Tides".
Although Ron Gilbert has been widely quoted that the Monkey Island series of adventure games was inspired by Disneyland's "Pirates of the Caribbean" ride, he stated in a blog that the ride was mainly his inspiration for the ambience of the series, while his true inspiration was "On Stranger Tides".
Film adaptation.
On September 11, 2009, Walt Disney Pictures announced that the fourth installment of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series would be titled "". The announcement had fueled speculation that the film would follow the plot of the novel, since Powers sold the film rights for the novel to Disney. It was also speculated that Jack Sparrow would replace Jack Shandy as the story's protagonist. Powers stated that the Fountain of Youth would definitely be in the film, but Sparrow and Shandy are "totally different characters", and that Hector Barbossa and Blackbeard might overlap.
In January 2010, Disney announced that the film would be released on May 20, 2011. On March 22, 2010, Jerry Bruckheimer confirmed that both Barbossa and Blackbeard would be in the film, with Blackbeard as the villain. Ian McShane portrayed Blackbeard and Penélope Cruz played his daughter, Angelica.

</doc>
<doc id="5908256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908256" title="WDEM-CD">
WDEM-CD

WDEM-CD is an Telemundo-affiliated Class A television station located in Columbus, Ohio. Licensed to broadcast locally on digital channel 17. It ceased broadcasting in May 2011 and resumed sometime before August 1st 2013. It is owned by Triplett & Associates, Inc.
History.
The station was founded on January 8, 1986 as W17AI, a Columbus translator signal for owner Wendell A. Triplett's primary television holding, WWAT-TV in Chillicothe. This arrangement, intended to increase the station's reach into the larger Columbus market, was discontinued in 1992, when WWAT (rebranded as WWHO) was added to many Columbus cable lineups. Following its disassociation from the former WWAT, W17AI became a full-time affiliate of the Home Shopping Network. In 1998, the station changed its call letters to WDEM-LP and became an affiliate of the America's Store home shopping network, reverting to HSN programming following the discontinuation of America's Store.
On December 17, 2008, Channel 17 was upgraded from low-power status to Class A; accordingly, its callsign was changed to WDEM-CA to reflect this. Despite this status, the station identifies itself on-air as "WDEM DTV 17"
In February 2009, WDEM, under the new management of David P. Chesnet, dropped its HSN affiliation and repositioned itself as a station focusing on arts, culture, entertainment and lifestyles of the Columbus area. This new format, unique in the market, featured a mix of locally-produced programming, older films and classic TV shows.
On July 8, 2009, the station's calls changed to WDEM-CD, with the -CD designation standing for "Class A digital television station". Around this time, WDEM converted to digital, with NBC's Universal Sports on digital subchannel 17.1, local Spanish programming on 17.2 and WDEM's local content moved to 17.3.
In spring of 2010, WDEM's 17.2 became Telemundo. Also around this time WDEM started producing local programming starting with a 30 minute special covering The Arnold Sports Festival held annually in downtown Columbus; the special was seen as a local insert on Universal Sports.
In July 2010, Time Warner Cable picked up WDEM's Telemundo subchannel on channel 803; also, WOW! picked up Telemundo on channel 102 and Universal Sports on channel 103. Neither system carried 17.3, which was discontinued with Universal Sports's move to cable-only distribution as of January 1, 2012.
On May 1, 2011, WDEM's transmitter was taken off the air due to a technical fault, whose details are unknown; the transmitter was still off the air as of July 2011, As of August 1, 2013, WDEM is again broadcasting Telemundo on the air, now on 17.1. 17.2 and 17.3 are still not on the air.
Digital television.
WDEM-CD operates a multiplexed digital signal on UHF channel 17; its analog transmitter was shut off on February 17, 2009.
There is also a signal on Channels 17.3 & 17.4.
Current Programming.
Local Productions.
Additionally, WDEM has taken an active role in the Central Ohio sports scene, covering many large events including "The Arnold Sports Festival" and the "First Annual Collegiate Rugby Sevens Tournament". 

</doc>
<doc id="5908276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908276" title="Jon Sundvold">
Jon Sundvold

Jon Thomas "Sunny" Sundvold (born July 2, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 1st round (16th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft. A 6'2" shooting guard from the University of Missouri, Sundvold played in 9 NBA seasons from 1983–1992. He played for the Sonics, San Antonio Spurs and Miami Heat.
Early life.
Though born in South Dakota, Sundvold grew up in Blue Springs, Missouri in suburban Kansas City, where his father Robert was a successful home builder.
While a player at Blue Springs High School, Sundvold scored over 2,100 points and was twice selected to the All-State team. He earned a basketball scholarship to Mizzou where he played all four years for Norm Stewarts Tigers. As a senior he averaged nearly 20 points per game and made 87-percent of his free-throw attempts. Sundvold is one of only two Missouri players to play on four consecutive Big 8 Conference championship teams and was an All-American in 1983. Sundvold also played for the US national team in the 1982 FIBA World Championship, winning the silver medal.
NBA career.
Drafted by Seattle in the 1983 draft, Jon Sundvold made an immediate impact by helping the SuperSonics earn an NBA Playoff berth in his first season. Sundvold's best year as a professional came during the 1986-87 season as a member of the Spurs, appearing in 76 games and averaging 11.2 ppg. Selected by the Miami Heat in the 1988 NBA Expansion Draft, Sundvold played more of a bench role but still led the NBA in three point shooting percentage in 1989, hitting more than 50-percent of his attempts. He also participated in the NBA All Star Three Point Contest in 1989 and 1990. A neck injury forced a premature end to his playing career in 1992. In his NBA career, Sundvold appeared in 502 games and scored a total of 3,886 points.
Post-playing days.
After his nine year NBA career came to a close Sundvold returned to Columbia, Missouri and put his degree in finance from MU to use. He first worked full-time for BC Christopher Securities, where he'd already been working part-time during the basketball off-season. In 1997 Sundvold stepped out on his own, establishing the investment firm, Sundvold Capital Management. Despite no longer being active on the court, Sundvold has stayed close to the game he loves as a former college basketball analyst for ESPN and CBS and is currently heard as a color analyst on MU Tiger games broadcast by the Missouri Sports Network. Sundvold and wife Tamara are the parents of one son and two daughters and reside in the Columbia, Missouri area.

</doc>
<doc id="5908296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908296" title="Elbert, Colorado">
Elbert, Colorado

Elbert is a census-designated place and the location of a U.S. Post Office in Elbert County, Colorado, United States.
Geography.
Elbert is located at (39.220019,-104.536800).
Community.
The population as of the 2010 Census was 230. The community is named for a past Colorado territorial governor and state Supreme Court Justice Samuel Hitt Elbert. The Elbert Post Office has the ZIP Code 80106.
Elbert was a bustling center until May 31, 1935, when Kiowa Creek, a stream next to the community, flooded suddenly and washed away half of the community. It now is the location of only a few stores, churches, and houses. The majority of Elbert residents are involved in the agriculture sector.
On June 15, 2009 at 1:46 pm, a large three quarter mile-wide, EF2 tornado touched down in rural fields west of the town. The tornado came within 2 miles of the town at its closest. The tornado destroyed a barn at a farm and damaged an airplane hangar.
During the summer, Elbert is much busier due to a nearby Boy Scout Camp, Peaceful Valley Scout Ranch, which has 10,000 visitors annually. Additionally, 2.8 miles south of Elbert lies the JCC Ranch Camp, a Jewish camp owned by the Denver Jewish Community Center.
Transportation.
Elbert lies along Elbert Road, which connects the town of Kiowa to U.S. Highway 24. The largest nearby city is Castle Rock, which is about 45 minutes away via SH 86, which Elbert Road crosses at Kiowa. Colorado Springs is an hour drive via US 24.
Elbert meteorite.
On 11 January 1998 a fireball was seen over Elbert County. On 4 March 2000 a stone of 680.5 g was found in a field by the five year old Dustin Riffel on the property of his family. It was officially named "Elbert" and it was classified as an ordinary chondrite LL6.

</doc>
<doc id="5908306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908306" title="Ribnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Ribnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Ribnik (Cyrillic: Рибник) is a village and a municipality in western Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated in the western part of the Republika Srpska entity and the southern part of the Bosanska Krajina region. Ribnik, formerly known as "Srpski Ključ" (Српски Кључ), was created from part of the pre-war municipality of Ključ (the other part of the pre-war municipality is now in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina).
Geography.
It is located between municipalities of Oštra Luka in the north, Banja Luka and Mrkonjić Grad in the east, Glamoč in the south, and Istočni Drvar, Bosanski Petrovac, and Ključ in the west.
Demographics.
1991.
In 1991, the population of Ribnik village numbered 2,183 people, of whom 2,133 (98%) were Serbs. (See: Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina)
2006.
In 2006, the majority of inhabitants of municipality were ethnic Serbs.

</doc>
<doc id="5908310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908310" title="Field hockey in Great Britain">
Field hockey in Great Britain

Field hockey in Great Britain is governed by Great Britain Hockey. 
Great Britain Super League.
The Great Britain Super League was established by Great Britain Hockey in 2007 as a showcase for British hockey talent. The 2007 men's and women's competitions were won by the Wessex Leopards, and the 2008 men's and women's competitions by the Saxon Tigers. The 2009 season features six men's teams and four women's teams.

</doc>
<doc id="5908316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908316" title="Manakish">
Manakish

Manakish, also manaqish, manaeesh or manakeesh or in singular form man'ousheh ( "manāqīsh"; sometimes called معجنات "mu‘ajjanāt" 'pastry') is a popular Levantine food consisting of dough topped with thyme, cheese, or ground meat. Similar to a pizza, it can be sliced or folded, and it can either be served for breakfast or lunch. The word "manaqish" is the plural of the Arabic word "manqūshah" (from the root verb "naqasha" 'to sculpt, carve out'), meaning that after the dough has been rolled flat, it is pressed by the fingertips to create little dips for the topping to lie in.
Traditionally, Levantine women would bake dough in a communal oven in the morning, to provide their family with their daily bread needs, and would prepare smaller portions of dough with different toppings for breakfast at this time.
Manakish is popular in most Levantine countries as well as Australia, especially in the major urban centres of Melbourne and Sydney where many Lebanese have settled. In these cities, bakeries selling Manakish are common in predominantly Lebanese areas, often called "Lebanese Pizzas".

</doc>
<doc id="5908328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908328" title="W48CL">
W48CL

W48CL is a low-power television station in Grand Rapids, Michigan, broadcasting locally on channel 48 as an affiliate of 3ABN. Founded November 23, 1999, the station is owned by Three Angels Broadcasting Network. 
The station previously aired on channel 61, until their tower was blown down in a storm.

</doc>
<doc id="5908331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908331" title="Ruby, Arizona">
Ruby, Arizona

Ruby is a ghost town in Santa Cruz County, Arizona, United States. It was founded as a mining town in Bear Valley, originally named Montana Camp, so named because the miners were mining at the foot of Montana Peak.
History.
Mining started around 1877. The Montana Mine produced gold, silver, lead, zinc and copper. At its peak in the mid-1930s, Ruby had a population of about 1,200.
On April 11, 1912 the mining camp's general store owner Julius Andrews established the post office. Andrews named the post office "Ruby" after his wife Lille B. Ruby Andrews, and the mining camp soon became known as Ruby. The post office was discontinued on May 31, 1941.
Between 1920 and 1922, the town of Ruby, or the desert nearby, was the scene of three gruesome double homicides committed by Mexican rebels or bandits. Together these incidents are known as the Ruby Murders, which led to the largest manhunt in the history of the Southwest.
The most prosperous period for Ruby was in the late 1920s and 30s, when the Eagle-Picher Mining Company operated the mine and upgraded the camp. From 1934 to 1937, the Montana mine was the leading lead and zinc producer in Arizona. In 1936, it was third in silver production. The mine closed in 1940, and by the end of 1941 Ruby was abandoned.
Ruby is one of the two best-preserved mining ghost towns in Arizona, along with the Vulture Mine near Wickenburg, Arizona. Ruby's attractions today include about 25 buildings under roof, including the old jail and houses, the old school, the playground, old mine machinery, buildings and mine workings. Ruby is entirely on private property and there is a charge for admission to the site.
There are occasional public tours offered through Pima Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="5908333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908333" title="Azriel Rosenfeld">
Azriel Rosenfeld

Professor Dr. Azriel Rosenfeld (February 19, 1931 – February 22, 2004) was an American Research Professor, a Distinguished University Professor, and Director of the Center for Automation Research at the University of Maryland in College Park, Maryland, where he also held affiliate professorships in the Departments of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and Psychology. He held a Ph.D. in mathematics from Columbia University (1957), rabbinic ordination (1952) and a Doctor of Hebrew Literature degree (1955) from Yeshiva University, and honorary Doctor of Technology degrees from Linkoping University, Sweden (1980) and Oulu University, Finland (1994), an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from Yeshiva University (2000), and an honorary degree from the Technion (posthumously in 2004). He was a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (1994).
Professor Rosenfeld was widely regarded as a leading researcher in the world in the field of computer image analysis. Over a period of nearly 40 years he made many fundamental and pioneering contributions to nearly every area of that field. He wrote the first textbook in the field (1969); was founding editor of its first journal (1972); and was co-chairman of its first international conference (1987). He published over 30 books and over 600 book chapters and journal articles, and directed nearly 60 Ph.D. dissertations.
Professor Rosenfeld's research on digital image analysis (specifically on digital geometry and digital topology, and on the accurate measurement of statistical features of digital images) in the 1960s and 1970s formed the foundation for a generation of industrial vision inspection systems that have found widespread applications from the automotive to the electronics industry.
Professor Rosenfeld was a "ba'al koreh" (Torah Reader) at Young Israel Shomrai Emunah of Greater Washington for many years until he moved to Baltimore in 2001.
In honor of the memory of Professor Rosenfeld, ICCV gives the biennial Azriel Rosenfeld Award to a living person in the recognition of an outstanding life-time contribution to the field of image
understanding or computer vision.

</doc>
<doc id="5908334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908334" title="Uyghur American Association">
Uyghur American Association

The Uyghur American Association (UAA) is a Washington-based advocacy organization. It was established in 1998 by a group of Uyghur overseas activists to raise the public awareness of the Uyghur people in China's Xinjiang region and the other parts of the world. 
Operation.
UAA works to promote the preservation and flourishing of a rich, humanistic and diverse Uyghur culture, and to support the right of the Uyghur people to use peaceful, democratic means to determine their inhabited territory's political future.
UAA is currently undertaking the Uyghur Human Rights Project (UHRP) for the purpose of promoting improved human rights conditions for Uyghurs and other minority groups in China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, on the premise that the assurance of basic human rights will facilitate the realization of the community's democratic aspirations. 
UAA receives $249,000.00 annually from the National Endowment for Democracy for the human rights research and advocacy projects. 
UAA's former president is Nury Turkel. Uyghur nationalist leader Rebiya Kadeer has been the president since May 29, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5908336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908336" title="Liberal internationalism">
Liberal internationalism

Liberal internationalism is a foreign policy doctrine that argues that liberal states should intervene in other sovereign states in order to pursue liberal objectives. Such intervention can include both military invasion and humanitarian aid. This view is contrasted to isolationist, realist, or non-interventionist foreign policy doctrines. These critics characterize it as "liberal interventionism".
History.
Liberal Internationalism emerged during the nineteenth century, notably under the auspices of British Foreign Secretary and Prime Minister Lord Palmerston and was developed in the second decade of the 20th century under U.S. President Woodrow Wilson.
Theory.
The goal of liberal internationalism is to achieve global structures within the international system that are inclined towards promoting a liberal world order. To that extent, global free trade, liberal economics and liberal political systems are all encouraged. In addition, liberal internationalists are dedicated towards encouraging democracy to emerge globally. Once realized, it will result in a 'peace dividend', as liberal states have relations that are characterized by non-violence, and that relations between democracies is characterized by the democratic peace thesis.
Liberal internationalism states that, through multilateral organizations such as the United Nations, it is possible to avoid the worst excesses of "power politics" in relations between nations.
Proponents of the realist tradition in international affairs, on the other hand, are skeptical of liberal internationalism. They argue that it is power – diplomatic clout and military force (or the threat of it) – that ultimately prevails.
Examples.
Examples of liberal internationalists include British Prime Minister Tony Blair. In the US, it is often associated with the American Democratic Party; however, many neo-conservative thinkers in the United States have begun using similar arguments as liberal internationalists and, to the extent that the two ideologies have become more similar, it may show liberal internationalist thinking is spreading within the Republican Party. Others argue that neoconservatism and liberal internationalism are distinctly different foreign policy philosophies and neoconservatives may only employ rhetoric similar to a liberal internationalist but with far different goals and methods of foreign policy intervention.
Commonly cited examples of liberal interventionism in action include NATO's intervention in Bosnia and Herzegovina; their 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia; British military intervention in the Sierra Leone Civil War; and the 2011 military intervention in Libya.

</doc>
<doc id="5908341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908341" title="Flower garden">
Flower garden

A flower garden is any garden where flowers are grown for decorative purposes. Because flowers bloom at varying times of the year, and some plants are annual, dying each winter, the design of flower gardens can take into consideration maintaining a sequence of bloom and even of consistent color combinations, through varying seasons.
Flower color is an important feature of both the herbaceous border and the mixed border that includes shrubs as well as herbaceous plants, and of bedding-out schemes limited to colorful annuals. Flower gardens are sometimes tied in function to other kinds of gardens, like knot gardens or herb gardens, many herbs also having decorative function, and some decorative flowers being edible.
One simpler alternative to the designed flower garden is the "wildflower" seed mix, with assortments of seeds which will create a bed that contains flowers of various blooming seasons, so that some portion of them should always be in bloom. The best mixtures even include combinations of perennial and biennials, which may not bloom until the following year, and also annuals that are "self-seeding", so they will return, creating a permanent flowerbed.
Another, even more recent trend is the "flower garden in a box", where the entire design of a flower garden is pre-packaged, with separate packets of each kind of flower, and a careful layout to be followed to create the proposed pattern of color in the garden-to-be.
History.
Many, if not most, plants considered decorative flowers originated as weeds, which if attractive enough would sometimes be tolerated by farmers because of their appeal. This led to an artificial selection process, producing ever-prettier (to humans) flowers. This is thought to have occurred for the entire history of agriculture, perhaps even slightly earlier, when people tended to favor naturally occurring food-gathering spots. This may also explain why many flowers function as companion plants to more useful agricultural plants; they had evolved that symbiotic relationship with the food plants before either was domesticated, and therefore was found in the same area, convenient to be selected as an attractive plant.
Once domesticated, though, most flowers were grown either separately or as part of gardens having some other primary function. In the West, the idea of gardens dedicated to flowers did not become common until the 19th century, though in fact many modern gardens are indeed flower gardens.
Flower gardens are, indeed, a key factor in modern landscape design and even architecture, especially for large businesses, some of which pay to have large flower gardens torn out and replaced entirely each season, in order to keep the color patterns consistent.
Cutting garden.
A functional garden used to grow flowers for indoor use rather than outdoor display is known as a cutting garden. It is usually only a feature of large residences.
The cutting garden is typically placed in a fertile and sunlight position out of public view and is not artistically arranged, as it contains flowers for "cutting". The cutting garden may comprise a herb garden and ornamental vegetables as well.

</doc>
<doc id="5908343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908343" title="Ernest Marwick">
Ernest Marwick

Marwick was the son of a small-holder and travelling salesman from the parish of Evie, to the north of Mainland, Orkney. When he was ten he was forced to leave school and lie flat on his back on a wooden board because he had been diagnosed with Scoliosis. He used the time of illness to read extensively.
After Marwick's marriage his home provided a meeting-place for local intellectuals, including George Mackay Brown and Robert Rendall. His "Anthology of Orkney Verse" was published in 1949.
From 1955 to 1960 he was on the staff of the "Orkney Herald" newspaper. He subsequently moved to"The Orcadian", his writing covering literary subjects.
Ernest Marwick was a founder member of the Orkney Heritage Society.
He died in July 1977, having swerved off a straight road and crashed into a farm steading when driving .

</doc>
<doc id="5908349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908349" title="Chie Shinohara">
Chie Shinohara

Aside from her comics work, she has also written several prose novels. She has published the six volume "Big Draw Daughter Hatsu" light novel series, as well as three gaiden (or side-story) novels related to her "Red River" series. All of these were illustrated by Shinohara herself.

</doc>
<doc id="5908351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908351" title="Red Rooster Records">
Red Rooster Records

Red Rooster Records is the record label founded by the band NRBQ in 1972 after being dropped by Columbia Records after lack of chart performance for their albums NRBQ and Boppin' the Blues. It was distributed by Rounder Records from 1972–1989, when the band signed on Virgin Records for their album Wild Weekend. The label folded into Rounder in 1990. This was the label that NRBQ would go back to when they had an unsuccessful major label era, like the Mercury Records era (1976) and the Bearsville Records era (1983). The label also released The Shaggs' recordings during the late '70s-late '80s.

</doc>
<doc id="5908354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908354" title="Orkney Heritage Society">
Orkney Heritage Society

The Orkney Heritage Society in Orkney, Scotland, is a nonprofit organisation founded in 1968.
It promotes "the beauty, history and character of Orkney" as well as "high standards of architecture and planning" in Orkney. It organizes conferences and grants awards and prizes for writing, historical and architectural projects. It publishes "New Orkney Antiquarian Journal" as well as a newsletter and other publications. 
Its founder members were:
Orkney Heritage Society is a registered charity.

</doc>
<doc id="5908357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908357" title="Vukosavlje">
Vukosavlje

Vukosavlje (Cyrillic: Вукосавље) is a municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated in the southern part of the Posavina region. The small municipality was created from part of the pre-war municipality of Odžak (the other part of the pre-war municipality is now in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity) (settlements: Gnionica, Jošava, Srnava and parts of Ade and Potočana) and some villages from Modriča (Jakeš, Pećnik and Modrički Lug).
Geography.
It is located between municipalities of Odžak to the north, Šamac to the east, Modriča to the south, and Brod to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="5908364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908364" title="ACMP">
ACMP

ACMP may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5908367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908367" title="Craig Sweeney">
Craig Sweeney

Craig John Sweeney (born 1981 in South Glamorgan) is a Welsh child sex offender, from Newport, Gwent, although he grew up in Frome, Somerset, England. 
Public criticism of Sweeney's sentence voiced by Home Secretary John Reid prompted the House of Commons Constitutional Affairs Committee to recommend that the Ministerial Code be amended with guidelines to govern the public comments of ministers about individual judges to reinforce the provisions within the Constitutional Reform Act 2005. The Committee wrote: "The Sweeney case was the first big test of whether the new relationship between the Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer and the judiciary was working properly, and it is clear that there was a systemic failure." In 2008, Lord Phillips, the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, announced that in response to "widespread inaccurate media coverage" of Sweeney's sentencing, five judges were being trained to be the first official media spokesmen for the judiciary.
Crime.
Craig Sweeney was found guilty of the abduction and sexual assault of a three year-old girl. He was known to the victim's family, whom he had befriended weeks before the crime. Sweeney was released on licence in late 2005 after serving a term in jail for indecently assaulting a six-year-old in April 2003. While on licence, he was accused of inappropriately touching a child's bottom, but the police and probation workers did not return him to prison, despite his "risk of harm" being raised to "high". 
Sweeney abducted the girl on 2 January 2006, two days after his licence had expired. He drove her to his Newport flat where he was living on licence. He was caught the day after, when he crashed his car during a high speed chase initiated after Sweeney jumped a red light. The girl, who was in the crash with him, survived with minor injuries.
Sweeney admitted four charges of kidnapping, three of sexual assault and one of dangerous driving. His defence counsel said he had "shown remorse when arrested and was distressed at the depravity at what he had done".
Imprisonment.
He was sentenced to life in prison with a tariff of 12 years, and would be eligible to be considered for parole after five years and 108 days from the date of sentence. The judge stated (as he was required to do) that the sentence that he would have imposed (but did not - he imposed a life sentence) if he had passed a determinate sentence would have been one of 12 years. The law required the judge to do this (whether he wanted to or not) so that the judge could set the date after which Sweeney could apply for parole. He was not in any way suggesting that Sweeney would be granted parole then - or indeed ever. The judge said that the appropriate sentence after trial would have been 18 years. From that he deducted one third because of Sweeney's co-operation with the police and his guilty plea at the first opportunity. Had there been a determinate sentence of 12 years (rather than the life sentence in fact imposed) Sweeney would have been released on licence after 6 years. From that the judge deducted the time Sweeney had spent in custody awaiting trial. That meant that Sweeney could not be considered for parole until he had served the five years and 108 days. On 10 July 2006, it was decided that the case would not be referred to the Court of Appeal, as the sentence had been calculated in accordance with the legislation enacted by the then current Labour government. The victim's mother said she was "Gut-wrenchingly sick" at the decision.
Public criticism.
The sentence created a moderate controversy in Wales probably largely because it was reported that the sentence was "less than six years" when in fact the sentence had been "life imprisonment". John Reid has called the sentence 'unduly lenient'. Then Prime Minister Tony Blair has backed Reid with his criticism. Nick Clegg said it was "rank hypocrisy for John Reid to blame judges for sentences which are a direct consequence of recent legislation introduced by this government". Lord Morris of Aberavon QC, attorney general in the late 1990s, said he would have been "extremely annoyed" by Reid's intervention. Ex-High Court judge Sir Oliver Popplewell said: "I think it's unwise for the home secretary to poke his nose into legal affairs." Lord Ramsbotham urged Blair "to shut up" and accused him of enacting policy changes which caused more problems than they solved. The girl's mother has called for tougher sentences.

</doc>
<doc id="5908375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908375" title="Journal of the History of Philosophy">
Journal of the History of Philosophy

The Journal of the History of Philosophy is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1957 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press. It contains articles, notes, and reviews about the history of Western philosophy. Time periods covered include everything from the medieval period to modern developments in the study of philosophy. The current editor is Steven Nadler (University of Wisconsin-Madison).

</doc>
<doc id="5908378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908378" title="Barbara Clark">
Barbara Clark

Barbara Clark (born September 24, 1958 in Coronation, Alberta) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Women's 4x100 Freestyle Relay, alongside Becky Smith, Gail Amundrud, and Anne Jardin.

</doc>
<doc id="5908392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908392" title="Downtime (disambiguation)">
Downtime (disambiguation)

The term downtime is used to refer to periods when a system is unavailable.
Downtime or Down Time may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908395" title="John James Burnet">
John James Burnet

Sir John James Burnet (1857–1938) was a Scottish Edwardian architect who was noted for a number of prominent buildings in Glasgow, Scotland and London, England. He was the son of the architect John Burnet, and later went into partnership with his father, joining an architectural firm which would become an influential force in British Modern architecture in the 20th century.
Biography.
John James Burnet was born in Blythswood Hill, Glasgow on 31 May 1857. He was the youngest of the three sons of architect John Burnet and his wife Elizabeth Hay Bennet, who were a Congregationalist family. John James was educated in Glasgow at the Collegiate School and the Western Academy, and at Blair Lodge Academy, Polmont.
Study in Paris.
He trained for two years in his father’s architectural offices. His parents intended him to study at the Royal Academy Schools under Richard Phené Spiers, but Spiers advised him instead to study at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. Burnet's parents were at first reluctant to send their son to a Catholic country which had been subject to the political turmoil of the Paris Commune that year, but in 1872 he began studying under Jean-Louis Pascal, Spiers's former teacher. He progressed rapidly and in 1876, gained his "Diplôme du Gouvernement" in architecture and engineering. He also spent time there as an assistant to François Rolland. While studying in Pascal's atleier, Burnet forged a lifelong friendship with Henri Paul Nénot.
Work as an architect.
At the end of the course Burnet toured France and Italy, returning to Glasgow at the end of 1876, when he assisted his father on completing the facade of the Union Bank of Scotland building in Ingram Street. In 1878 Burnet won the competition to build the Fine Art Institute in Glasgow, his first truly independent work. The brief was to combine 'Greek with modern French Renaissance', Greek Revival architecture still being in vogue in Glasgow at the time. The building also featured friezes by John Mossman. Burnet was unsuccessful with his entry to design the Glasgow City Chambers in 1882, but his Clyde Navigation Trust building (1882–86) ensured his success through a recession. In 1881 Burnet was admitted as an Associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects (ARIBA) and in 1882, his father, John Burnet senior, took him into partnership, and the practice was renamed John Burnet & Son. John Archibald Campbell rejoined the practice in 1886 after studying under Pascal, adding his name to the practice, Burnet Son & Campbell.
Burnet Baroque.
John James's father retired from the practice in 1889 or 1890 at the age of seventy-five. The younger JJ Burnet and Campbell took the practice in a more adventurous direction, looking towards the London architectural scene to keep abreast of fashion and to increase their chances of winning national competitions (which usually had London assessors). Their dramatic shift in style did not always meet with favour; designs for the competitions to build the Central Thread Agency in Glasgow and the North British Hotel in Edinburgh were rejected. Their first success in the new style was the Glasgow Athenaeum Theatre of 1891-93, a tall American-style elevator building in a Neo-baroque style similar to that of John Belcher or Arthur Beresford Pite. JJ Burnet took a study tour of Italy in 1895 to further his understanding of Baroque architecture. "Burnet Baroque" was highly influential; their competitors quickly assimilated the new vogue for Neo-Baroque and by 1900 it was the common language of Glasgow building, and even influenced the winning design of the North British Hotel by William Hamilton Beattie. In 1896, Burnet submitted designs to the competition to build the Glasgow School of Art; he was not successful, the commission instead being handed to a flourishing young designer called Charles Rennie Mackintosh.
In 1896 the Burnets visited the USA, and Burnet was greatly inspired by American architecture. He began to design a number of low-profile buildings with broad eaves, including many churches and public buildings around Scotland (such as Dundas Memorial Church, Grangemouth (1894); MacLaren Memorial Church Stenhousemuir; Public Library and Museum in Campbeltown). The inspiration of American structural techniques on Burnet's work reached a peak in 1905-10 with his design for McGeoch's Department Store on West Campbell Street, with its strong vertical lines and the expression of the building's structure in the facade.
Campbell left the partnership in 1897 with some suggestion of Campbell's problems with alcoholism, and the practice name reverted to John Burnet and Son. The same year, JJ Burnet was made a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects (FRIBA) and elected President of the Glasgow Institute of Architects. In 1902, Burnet recruited a promising young architect called Thomas Smith Tait to be his assistant. Tait later became a partner in the firm and went on to be one of the most influential architects in the British Modern architecture movement.
British Museum.
As partners, Burnet and Campbell never succeeded in English architectural competitions and it was only after Campbell's departure that Burnet extended the practice south of the Border. In 1903-04 the Office of Works selected Burnet to design the Edward VII Galleries at the British Museum in London. In 1905 Burnet opened a London office in the name of John J Burnet at 1 Montague Place (a grace-and-favour house rented to him by the Museum), taking the young Tait with him. His original ambitious plans would have extended the Museum on all four sides, demolishing Bloomsbury properties to make way for a Parisian-style British Museum Avenue on a north axis, but only the Edward VII Galleries were actually built due to lack of funds. Construction lasted from 1906 to 1914; in 1910, King Edward VII died, and the Edward VII Galleries were opened by King George V and Queen Mary in 1914.
The prestigious work on the British Museum brought in new commissions for Burnet's practice: the General Buildings in Aldwych (1909–11) and the Kodak Building on Kingsway (1910–11). This latter project was a significant milestone for the firm; the American client, George Eastman, was not afraid of a modern design, and after rejecting several design proposals drawn up by Burnet, eventually selected a design submitted by Thomas S. Tait which was to serve as a model for future developments by the firm.
In 1907, draughtsman Norman Aitken Dick joined the partnership, and around this time the Glasgow office was designing some of its most prestigious and pioneering buildings, including the Alhambra Theatre Glasgow which was in the Modern Movement and an early example of a steel-framed building (which construction he employed the following year for the Kodak Building, London) and the Sick Children's Hospital at Yorkhill. Burnet continued his study visits to the United States in 1908 and 1910, looking at the design of warehouses, hospitals, museums and galleries.
Burnet was knighted in 1914 for his work in the British Museum galleries. He was also awarded the bronze medal of the Paris Salon and elected RSA. In 1921 he was made ARA in 1921 and received the Paris gold medal in 1922. Burnet helped to found the Royal Incorporation of Architects in Scotland.
The inter-war years.
The advent of the First World War brought a time of hardship for Burnet's practice, and during this period a disagreement resulted in Tait leaving the practice to work in America. After the war, the London office began to receive commissions once more, including work on completing the Selfridges department store on Oxford Street. The Imperial War Graves Commission also commissioned war memorials from Burnet's firm in Gallipoli, Palestine and Suez (1919). Burnet took a leading role in the design of the memorials and in the work on Adelaide House, London Bridge. His health was deteriorating, however; stress-related eczema, brought on by wartime hardship, professional disagreements and financial scandals in the Glasgow office, made it hard for him to work. Thomas Tait had returned to the practice after a reconciliation, and he began to take a leading role in the practice, working on the Daily Telegraph Building and Lloyds Bank on Cornhill. Burnet himself dealt with the redesign on Lomax Simpson's Unilever House project, but otherwise acted as a consultant and went into semi-retirement.
Burnet received the Royal Gold Medal in 1923 and was elected RA in 1925.
Retirement.
Until 1935 he lived at Killermont, his Arts and Crafts house at Rowledge, Surrey. He then purchased a much smaller cottage in Colinton, Edinburgh. Although he kept in touch with developments in the Burnet Tait & Lorne office, he was unhappy in retirement. He died on 2 July 1938, and remains were cremated and buried at Warriston Cemetery.
The Burnet Tait & Lorne practice continued to thrive after his death, and under the leadership of Thomas Smith Tait, went on to become an influential force in Modern Architecture.
Notable works.
Among his surviving works are:
Other work has been destroyed or demolished, including:
Burnet's unsuccessful competition designs for prominent building projects included:

</doc>
<doc id="5908409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908409" title="Rocket D.I.Y.">
Rocket D.I.Y.

Rocket D.I.Y. is a studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter King Creosote, released on April 4, 2005 on Fence Records and Domino.
In 2009, the album was ranked #17 in "The Skinny"'s "Scottish Albums of the Decade" list, with frequent collaborator The Pictish Trail stating, "Now, yes, I know, this was a Fence Records release, and, yes, I'm fully aware that I am a member of King Creosote's band. But I genuinely think, from start to finish, that this is the best album Scotland has produced since 01/01/00." 

</doc>
<doc id="5908426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908426" title="Calvert Magruder">
Calvert Magruder

Calvert Magruder (December 26, 1893 – May 22, 1968) was a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
After attending Harvard Law School, Magruder served for one year as a law clerk to Justice Louis Brandeis of the Supreme Court of the United States. He became a law professor at Harvard Law School in 1920 and was Vice Dean of the school from 1929 to 1939. During the New Deal administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Magruder served as General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board from 1934 to 1935 and as General Counsel of the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor from 1938 to 1939.
In 1939, President Roosevelt nominated Magruder to serve on the First Circuit. Magruder served as an active judge for twenty years, until 1959. Magruder also served as the Chief Judge of the First Circuit from 1948 until 1959. In addition to his service on the First Circuit, during World War II, Magruder also served as a judge of the United States Emergency Court of Appeals.
In 1959, Magruder took senior status, but continued to hear some cases until his death in 1968. His papers are archived at Harvard Law School and were a primary source for the book "History of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit" by Professor George Dargo.

</doc>
<doc id="5908442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908442" title="Richard Stearns (World Vision)">
Richard Stearns (World Vision)

Richard Stearns is the president of World Vision United States, a Christian relief charity based in Federal Way, Washington. 
Biography.
Richard Stearns is a humanitarian who calls his fellow Christians to a deeper engagement with children and families in poverty around the world. Through his writing, speeches, and leadership as president of World Vision, he calls Christians to demonstrate compassion toward those in poverty around the world. 
Stearns holds a bachelor’s degree from Cornell University and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. While at Cornell, he joined the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity. His professional career began in marketing with the Gillette Company. From 1977 to 1985, he held various roles with Parker Brothers, culminating in his appointment as president in 1984. In 1985, he became a vice president at The Franklin Mint, then joined Lenox in 1987 as president of Lenox Collections. In 1995, Stearns was named president and chief executive officer of Lenox Inc., overseeing three divisions, six manufacturing facilities, 4,000 employees, and $500 million in annual sales. He left Lenox when he became president of World Vision in June 1998. 
As president of World Vision Inc., Stearns is responsible for U.S. operations, which include fund raising, advocacy, and program development. Working in about 100 countries, World Vision is a Christian relief and development organization dedicated to helping children and their communities worldwide reach their full potential by tackling the causes of poverty. Stearns is passionate about helping children and families affected by the worldwide AIDS crisis and has made this a priority for the organization. Under Rich’s direction, World Vision has experienced unprecedented growth. Thanks in part to his application of corporate best practices and fostering of a strong leadership team, Christianity Today calls World Vision “an increasingly important player in world humanitarian aid.”
Driven by his passion to raise awareness of international issues, Rich has appeared on CNN, Fox, ABC, NBC, and PBS, and written pieces for the Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, The Huffington Post, and other media outlets. He is a frequent speaker at churches, conferences, and denominational gatherings, and has spoken at Harvard University, the Lausanne Congress, and a variety of international venues.
Stearns and his wife, Reneé, have been World Vision supporters since 1984. The couple has five children and lives in Bellevue, Washington.
Publications.
Rich Stearns is the author of the bestselling book "The Hole in Our Gospel" (Thomas Nelson) which earned ECPA’s 2009 Christian Book of the Year Award. His latest title is "Unfinished: Believing Is Only the Beginning" (Thomas Nelson, April 2013). With his wife, Reneé, Stearns is co-author of "God's Love for You Storybook Bible" (Thomas Nelson, October 2013) and "He Walks Among Us: Encounters with Christ in a Broken World "(Thomas Nelson, October 2013)"."
He also writes op-eds on global poverty and AIDS for major U.S. newspapers and magazines, and has appeared on CNN, Fox, ABC, NBC, and PBS. Examples include "Evangelicals and the Case for Foreign Aid" "Samaritans on the AIDS crisis" and "The face of America should meet the face of poverty" [http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/opinion/2002352453_worldvision30.html
Stearns' book "The Hole in Our Gospel: What does God expect of Us? The Answer that Changed my Life and Might Just Change the World" is the story of how a corporate CEO faced his own struggle to obey God whatever the cost, and his passionate call for Christians to change the world by actively living out their faith. Using his own journey as an example, Stearns explores the hole that exists in our understanding of the Gospel. Stearns' follow up book, "Unfinished: Filling the Hole in Our Gospel" offers a guide for other Christians exploring how God might use them to fulfill his work in the world.
The Hole in Our Gospel.
"The Hole In Our Gospel: What Does God Expect of Us? The Answer That Changed My Life and Might Just Change the World" (Thomas Nelson, March 2009), is Stearns’ first book and a call to fulfill God’s commandment to help address poverty and injustice. Stearns makes a case for God’s heart for the poor while introducing readers to some of the billions of people who daily struggle to survive hunger and disease. 
Stearns believes there is a glaring hole in Christianity as it is practiced in the United States. What’s missing? An active concern for people affected by poverty and injustice. Quoting extensively from 
scripture, Stearns illuminates God’s commitment to aid the poor and leaves no doubt that God expects his followers to do the same. 
The author explains how Christians of previous generations encountered three basic roadblocks to exercising Christian compassion: a lack of awareness (knowing the need), access (being able to reach 
the needy), and ability (having resources to meet the need). Stearns writes, “For the first time in the history of the human race, we have the awareness, the access and the ability to reach out to our most 
desperate neighbors around the world. The programs, tools, and technologies to virtually eliminate the most extreme kinds of poverty and suffering in our world are now available. This is truly good news for the poor—but only if we do our part.”
While Stearns believes that individual Christians and churches have a responsibility to take action to alleviate global poverty, he has discouraged unilateral action in which churches launch their own programs around the world. Stearns has argued that churches "think we can somehow tackle poverty using only amateurs and volunteers. Churches call in experts to help with all kinds of things: music, accounting, audiovisual support, counseling, and building construction. Shouldn't we do the same to assist us in tackling complicated problems halfway around the world?" Stearns says that solving poverty is incredibly complex, that it is more like rocket science in its difficulty than people realize.
Unfinished.
Unfinished: Believing Is Only the Beginning (Thomas Nelson, March 2013), describes how to find a life of true significance and meaning. As he compares the lives of those who live in “the happiest place on earth” with the lives of those who live in chronic poverty, the author is especially concerned that fellow Christians acknowledge their comparative wealth as they respond with compassion.
As he urges Christians to lead in care for the world’s poor, Stearns points out that Jesus did not commission his followers to return to their old lives as if nothing had happened. “He did not commission them to become financially independent and retire in Boca Raton. Nor did he commission them to simply go to church on Sundays and sing songs,” writes Stearns. “He called his disciples to go into the world and change it by proclaiming the good news of the kingdom of God. It was nothing short of a calling to partner with God in establishing a new world order.”

</doc>
<doc id="5908449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908449" title="Davit Bek">
Davit Bek

Davit Bek () (died 1728) was an Armenian military commander and one of the most prominent military figures of the Armenian liberation movement of the 18th century directed against the forces of Ottoman Empire and Safavid Iran. In 1722-25, with direct support from Mkhitar Sparapet in Syunik and Avan Yuzbashi in Karabakh, Davit Bek headed the armed struggle of Syunik and Artsakh Armenians against Safavid Iran. In 1726-28 Armenians under the leadership of Davit Bek went to war with Turkish armies at Halidsor and had showed great military competence and valor by defeating them easily.
Biography.
Little is known about Bek's early life. He was of noble lineage, stemming from princes of Chavndour (district of Kovsakan in southeastern Syunik), and prior to the period of armed struggle against the Persians and Turks, Bek served in the royal court of Georgian king Vakhtang VI. Peter the Great's advance south towards the Caucasus with a massive 30,000 man army had revived hope among the Armenians and Georgians that Russian arms could help clear the region from Muslim dominion. Muslim misrule in the regions of Kapan and Artsakh (Karabakh) had provoked the Armenian "meliks" in 1722 to request military aid from Vakhtang. Vakhtang sent a small force under the command of Bek to Syunik and Bek was successful in dislodging the Turkic nomadic tribes there. 
Encouraged by his successes and the weakening of Safavid rule, many Armenians raised the banner of revolt against the Muslims and joined Bek's ranks. The "meliks" of Karabakh soon joined the cause for national liberation, lending Davit Bek men and "materiel"; Avan Yuzbashi, a military commander from Shusha who was to become one of Davit Bek's close supporters, contributed 2,000 men to the war effort. As his successes mounted, he awarded them by distributing the lands he seized from the Muslims to his closest supporters. The Persian armies sent to crush the rebellion were repelled, allowing Davit Bek to establish an administrative center at the fortress of Halidzor near Kapan in the Syunik Province. The defensive aspects of the fortress gave Davit Bek's soldiers an advantage when fighting the enemy. He died at Halidzor after coming down with an illness in 1728 and is reputedly buried in the cemetery just outside of the fortress.
Popular culture.
In 1944, at the height of World War II, "David Bek" the movie was filmed by director Hamo Beknazarian with Hrachia Nersisyan starring as Davit Bek. In 1978 Armenfilm in association with Mosfilm produced another movie about the efforts of Davit Bek and Mkhitar Sparapet called "Star of Hope". Davit Bek was portrayed by Georgian actor Edisher Magalashvili.
Bek was the subject of an opera, "David Beg", composed by Armen Tigranian.

</doc>
